Chen-Ning Yang|These maxims and the art of interpreting them may be said to constitute the premisses of science but I prefer to call them our scientific beliefs. These premisses or beliefs are embodied in a tradition, the tradition of science.
Mickey Hart|When we were shooting in Shreveport, me and a couple of friends went down to Lafayette, because they had a big Zydeco music festival down there. We spent two days dancing to Zydeco music, eating fried alligator... It was one of the craziest festivals I've ever been to in my life, but I loved it.
Sharon Rose Summers, Meditation – Deep and Blissful:  How to Still The Mind’s Compulsive Thinking, Let Go of Upset, Tap Into the Juice and Meditate at a Whole New Level|It is the mind’s job to protect and take care of you, to solve your problems and make sure you’re safe. So, if you feel a surge of emotional upset, it moves into action, trying to help, looking for the source of the upset—for the problems—and generating solutions.Under these conditions, the key to getting the mind to go on standby—to stilling the mind’s compulsive thinking—lies in recognizing, accepting, and working with the emotional upset. Once you address the emotional undercurrent, once it is no longer churning inside you, the mind can switch off and quite literally leave you in peace.
Christopher Penczak, The Witch's Coin: Prosperity and Money Magick|Let Fortune empty her whole quiver on me, I have a soul that, like an ample shield, Can take in all, and verge enough for more; Fate was not mine, nor am I Fate's: Souls know no conquerors.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|He stares at me—taking me in—with his lips slightly parted. I struggle to hold myself in place as we gawk at each other. I want so desperately to run, but something is holding me back, keeping me in place.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|Our children... have a passionate need for the dimension of transcendence, mysticism, way-outness. We're not offering it to them legitimately. The tendency of the churches to be relevant and more-secular-than-thou does not answer our need for the transcendent. As George Tyrrell wrote about a hundred years ago, "If a [man's] craving for the mysterious, the wonderful, the supernatural, be not fed on true religion, it will feed itself on the garbage of any superstition that is offered to it.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|Go. Do what you have to do. Be the hero that you are … but come back to me. There’s more to Noah McCall than the head of Last Chance Rescue. I see that man.… I love them both. Return to me, Noah. Please. - Mara to Noah
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|There is always more goodness in the world than there appears to be, because goodness is of its very nature modest and retiring.
Adele Devine, Colour Coding for Learners with Autism: A Resource Book for Creating Meaning through Colour at Home and School|Everything is interconnected. My readings of classical authors, who never speaks of sunsets, have made many sunsets intelligible to me, in all their colors. There is a relationship between syntactical competence, by which we distinguish the values of beings, sounds and shapes, and the capacity to perceive when the blue of the sky is actually green, and how much yellow is in the blue green of the sky. It comes down to the same thing - the capacity to distinguish and to discriminate. There is no enduring emotion without syntax. Immortality depends of the grammarians.
Roshan Sharma|Your personal identity very much depends on the experience of the present moment and as the experience changes, your identity too change with it.
Alex Bosworth, Chip Chip Chaw!|This is the tragedy of knowing my fate: I have seen how it ends, and I will walk right into it, and nothing will change.
Neel Burton|It is no coincidence that, on all four sides, in all four corners, the borders of the Roman Empire stopped where wine could no longer be made.
Carla Bruni|Since achieving their independence in 1992, the people of Croatia have built a democratic society based on the rule of law, respect for human rights, and a free market economy.
Aprilynne Pike, Wings|-What's so funny?""-Sorry," David said, reddening again. "You just taste so sweet.""-What do you mean, sweet?"He licked his bottom lip one more time."-You taste like honey.""-Honey?""-Yeah, I thought I was going nuts the day...well, you know, that one day. But it was the same today. Your mouth is really sweet."He paused for a second, then grinned."-Hot like honey-like nectar. That makes more sense.""-Great. Now I'm going to have to explain that to everyone I kiss for the rest of my life unless it's you or another faerie." She'd almost said Tamani's name. Her fingers flew to the ring around her neck.David shrugged."-Then don't kiss anyone except me.""-David...""-I'm just offering up the obvious solution," he said, hands up in protest.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Remember who you really are. You cannot be destroyed or hurt. You cannot be harmed or killed. You, the real you, will always be present and powerful.
Saru Singhal, Rousing Cadence|Nothing is unbelievable, just expand your vision.
Ann B. Ross, Miss Julia Throws a Wedding|She looked out at the other trees, and she realised that her life was one of thousands, any one of which could have been her, she had grown wherever her life had taken her, she had drifted wherever the wind had blown her.
Hajime Isayama, Attack on Titan, Vol. 2|Your breakthrough is on the way. Don't be discouraged if things are not working out right now. God is working it all out behind the scenes. It may not come when you want, but trust that it will be right on time, because our God is an on time God.
kkat, Fallout: Equestria|Seeing that I would never manage to fall asleep, I arose, lit a candle, and after dressing went outside.Beneath the dull glow of the winter moon the snow glowed like pale blue china. The sidewalks sparkled weakly beneath the rays of the flickering street lamps; the benumbed streets slumbered forlornly. I walked, passing one corner after the other, and suddenly found myself on the edge of town. Further, beyond the square, an endless expanse began to glisten with a somber silverness.I stopped just before the gates. My intent gaze could distinguish nothing in the distant white expanse. Before me rose the imposing bank of the Volga like a gigantic snowdrift. So barren and uninviting was this deserted view resembling eternity that my heart contracted.I turned to the right and approached quite close to the monastery enclosure. From behind the bronze gates, glimmered a dense net of crosses and gravestones. The ancient eyes of the church gazed forbiddingly down on me, and with an eerie feeling I thought of the monks sleeping at this moment in tomb-like cells together with corpses. Were any of them thinking of the hour of death on this night?("Lamia")
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person whom writes begins by putting down what they know about loneliness, shame, love, and heartache. In writing fully, they discover many other aspects of themselves that they never suspected including doubts, beliefs, ironies, and farcicalities.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|When I was no longer of the world, I would miss its extravagant beauty. I would miss the complex and charming layers of subterfuge by which the truth of the world's mysteries were withheld from us even as we were tantalized and enchanted by them. I would miss the kindness of good people who were compassionate when so many were pitiless, who made their way through so much corruption without being corrupted themselves, who eschewed envy in a world of envy, who eschewed greed in a world of greed, who valued truth and could not be drowned in a sea of lies, for they shone and, by the light they cast, they warmed me all my life.
Paul Revere|You can use all the quantitative data you can get, but you still have to distrust it and use your own intelligence and judgment.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds, simply because there is an infinite amount of space for them to be in. However, not every one of them is inhabited. Therefore, there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds. Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|Donâ€™t let me get sappy on you, but when you get right down to it, every collection of letters is a magic spell, even if itâ€™s a moronic proclamation by the Emperor. Words have their impact, girl. Mind your manners. I may not know how to fly but I know how to read, and thatâ€™s almost the same thing.
Tyra Banks|There's always going to be dreams and goals I have, but I never really tell people what they are.
Neil Gorsuch|There were times after my marriage ended where, you know, I really felt like I was at the bottom of a mountain, there was a great big, fog up there, and I'm never going to cross to the other side.
Joyce Carol Oates, Beasts|The modern mind is merely a blank about the philosophy of toleration; and the average agnostic of recent times has really had no notion of what he meant by religious liberty and equality. He took his own ethics as self-evident and enforced them; such as decency or the error of the Adamite heresy. Then he was horribly shocked if he heard of anybody else, Moslem or Christian, taking his ethics as self-evident and enforcing them; such as reverence or the error of the Atheist heresy. And then he wound up by taking all this lop-sided illogical deadlock, of the unconscious meeting the unfamiliar, and called it the liberality of his own mind. Medieval men thought that if a social system was founded on a certain idea it must fight for that idea, whether it was as simple as Islam or as carefully balanced as Catholicism. Modern men really think the same thing, as is clear when communists attack their ideas of property. Only they do not think it so clearly, because they have not really thought out their idea of property.
Tom Peters|I loved buildings that had grown silently with the centuries, catching the best of each generation while time curbed the artist's pride and the philistine's vulgarity and repaired the clumsiness of the dull workman.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|No solitude, no birth.
C. JoyBell C.|Gay people getting married is not a threat to the institution of marriage. You know what's a threat to the institution of marriage? Infidelity is! Hate is! Unforgiveness is! Apathy is! Coldheartedness is! Fear is! And you know what's a threat to the kids? It’s not having gay parents! Most gay kids have straight parents! And plenty of gay parents raise respectable, straight kids! The threat to children isn't their parents being gay; the threat to children is their parents not loving one another! Not caring for one another! Not being crazy about each other! Domestic violence is a threat to children. Stupidity is a threat to children. A swimming pool in the backyard with no supervision is a threat to children!
Brennan Manning, Ruthless Trust: The Ragamuffin's Path to God|The way of trust is a movement into obscurity, into the undefined, into ambiguity, not into some predetermined, clearly delineated plan for the future. The next step discloses itself only out of a discernment of God acting in the desert of the present moment. The reality of naked trust is the life of the pilgrim who leaves what is nailed down, obvious, and secure, and walks into the unknown without any rational explanation to justify the decision or guarantee the future. Why? Because God has signaled the movement and offered it his presence and his promise.
V.M. Black, Time Out of Mind|I tried to lose myself in school and friends as best as I was able, trying to put Dorian's world out of my mind. But that was pretty much impossible with Clarrisa's constant, homicidally cheerful presence, which was, I supposed, something like making friends with a live grenade.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|OBSOLETE, adj. No longer used by the timid. Said chiefly of words. A word which some lexicographer has marked obsolete is ever thereafter an object of dread and loathing to the fool writer, but if it is a good word and has no exact modern equivalent equally good, it is good enough for the good writer. Indeed, a writer's attitude toward "obsolete" words is as true a measure of his literary ability as anything except the character of his work. A dictionary of obsolete and obsolescent words would not only be singularly rich in strong and sweet parts of speech; it would add large possessions to the vocabulary of every competent writer who might not happen to be a competent reader.
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|I peek up at his features, at the crooked grin i want to savor, at the color in his eyes i'd use to paint a million pictures.
Léon Bloy, Pilgrim of the Absolute|Every man who begets a free act projects his personality into the infinite. If he gives a poor man a penny grudgingly, that penny pierces the poor man’s hand, falls, pierces the earth, bores holes in suns, crosses the firmament and compromises the universe. If he begets an impure act, he perhaps darkens thousands of hearts whom he does not know, who are mysteriously linked to him, and who need this man to be pure as a traveler dying of thirst needs the Gospel’s draught of water. A charitable act, an impulse of real pity sings for him the divine praises, from the time of Adam to the end of the ages; it cures the sick, consoles those in despair, calms storms, ransoms prisoners, converts the infidel and protects mankind
Tahereh Mafi, Furthermore|She could see all of Ferenwood from here: the rolling hills, the endless explosion of color cascading down and across the lush landscape. Reds and blues: Maroon and ceruleans. Yellow and tangerine and violet and aquamarine. Every hue held a flavor, a heartbeat, a life. She took a deep breath and drew it all in.
Jenna McDougall|Sometimes, we can be our worst enemy. That our mind is capable of twisting and turning things, and taking us to really dark places.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|One is reminded in this connection of a story concerning Kobori-Enshiu. Enshiu was complimented by his disciples on the admirable taste he had displayed in the choice of his [art] collection. Said they, "Each piece is such that no one could help admiring. It shows that you had better taste than had Rikiu, for his collection could only be appreciated by one beholder in a thousand." Sorrowfully Enshiu replied: "This only proves how commonplace I am. The great Rikiu dared to love only those objects which personally appealed to him, whereas I unconsciously cater to the taste of the majority. Verily, Rikiu was one in a thousand among tea-masters.
Kat Lahr, Anatomy Of Illumination|If we take a moment to reflect on human history we see so much complexity that it’s difficult to comprehend it all. Yet, simple truths are obvious; everyone influences each other either directly or indirectly, we all share this planet regardless of national boundaries, we all require the same nutritional needs with the most important being water, we can easily wage war and kill and at the same time love and have passion for another.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|And there, in the midst of blinding orange, yellow, and white flames, our forever begins.
Poppy Z. Brite|Now that it is obvious we are falling at a furious speed, we are now just anticipating how much area will be covered by the dust from impact, how many more will not see their fall coming.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|In search of myself, I have created myself.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Declare the past, diagnose the present, foretell the future.
Charmaine J Forde|For when he was poor, he had an unpretentious heart, but when he became rich, he became filled with arrogance.
Brad Bird|I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely.
Philip Pullman|When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afte
Anna C. Salter|I write that crime is an unlawful act of violence that can be committed by anyone, and that punishment is the consequence designed for criminals who don't have the economic means to cover it up. Throughout history, men of wealth and power have been exempt from facing the consequences of their evil deeds. Crime, therefore, can be defined as an offense committed by an individual of inferior status in society. Punishment is a consequence forced on the perpetrator of the crime only if he occupies one of the lower steps of the social ladder
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. Vol 2|The greatest part of a writer's time is spent in reading, in order to write: a man will turn over half a library to make one book.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|I walked along the shore in the morning light, the winds have slept in the arms of dawn after crying all night.
Denis John George, The '3-3-3' Enigma: An Invitation To Consciously Create Your Reality|The paradox of quantum physics in the 21st Century, awakens us to the realisation that "nothing matters" in and of itself. That nothing can be stated with certainty; but everything is just a mathematical probability occurring in an instance of space-time convergence, which forms our objective reality in the present moment.
P.J. O'Rourke, Parliament of Whores: A Lone Humorist Attempts to Explain the Entire U.S. Government|I doubt that my sense of personal freedom is any stronger than anybody else's. I'm happy to respect authority when it's genuine authority, based on moral or intellectual or even technical superiority. I'm eager to follow a hero if we can find one. But I tend to resist or evade any kind of authority based merely on the power to coerce. Government, for example. The Army tried to train us to salute the uniform, not the man. Failed. I will salute the man, maybe, if I think he's worthy of it, but I don't salute uniforms anymore.
Amy King, I Want to Make You Safe|OMG! I DESIGNED THIS NEW SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM! IT'S CALLED "POETRY" - YOU HAVE TO READ AMY KING'S POEMS TO GET AN INVITE ~
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|They said that I should lose my ideals and begin to believe in the methods of practical politicians. Now, I have not lost my ideals in the least; my faith in fundamentals is exactly what it always was. What I have lost is my childlike faith in practical politics.
Gustave Flaubert|Travel, leave everything, copy the birds. The home is one of civilization’s sadnesses.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|Ay, but to die, and go we know not where;To lie in cold obstruction and to rot;This sensible warm motion to becomeA kneaded clod; and the delighted spiritTo bathe in fiery floods, or to resideIn thrilling region of thick-ribbed ice;To be imprison'd in the viewless winds,And blown with restless violence round aboutThe pendent world; or to be worse than worstOf those that lawless and incertain thoughtImagine howling: 'tis too horrible!The weariest and most loathed worldly lifeThat age, ache, penury and imprisonmentCan lay on nature is a paradiseTo what we fear of death.
Leonard Seet, Meditation on Space-Time|With peaks of joy and valleys of heartache, life is a roller coaster ride, the rise and fall of which defines our journey. It is both scary and exciting at the same time.
Elora Bishop, Braided: A Lesbian Rapunzel|I use this as a paradigm for our whole attitude toward life, what you did was you worked very hard, you try to understand and try to direct these complicated, powerful forces and at the very end of the struggle you've made no progress at all. That upon discovering that, you've raised to a lofty moral height, and you've accepted your fate, and somehow went on.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|If you could be either God’s worst enemy or nothing, which would you choose?
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Sometimes I get mail for people who lived in my home before I did, and sometimes my own body seems like a home through which successive people have passed like tenants, leaving behind memories, habits, scars, skills, and other souvenirs.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You put yourself in a tight corner of failure if you think "it's only the rich that get richer while the poor get poorer". No! Something good can come out from you no matter who you are, what you have done and where you have been to!
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|And Kate thought about a time, long ago, when she had witnessed an ongoing romance between two mental patients. As a teenager watching their unlikely relationship unfold in front of her, she had understood that people did whatever they needed to do to be happy, regardless of their unfortunate circumstances. She supposed her mother’s day care center was born out of the desire to feel needed, while making use of the skills that were practically all she had managed to acquire during decades of battling a debilitating illness.
Morgan Freeman|Well, Toronto, I consider to be the birthplace of my films. I've made three films and this is the third one to premiere here in the same theater on the same day at the same time - they are my audience. They're the people that I think about while I'm writing, directing, and editing. I specifically make movies for them.
Carolyn Bramhall, Am I a Good Girl Yet?: Childhood Abuse Had Shattered Her. What Would It Take to Make Her Whole?|In our lives are special moments that live as their own, the rest is movement with the passage of time.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|Maggie scoffed. "Denial will not save you when Cupid's arrow find its mark.""If i see Cupid anywhere in the vicinity, I'm ripping his chubby little arms off." Vanda yanked the door open to Romatech.
Alex Scarrow, City of Shadows|If you want to be, if you want to see, let us read a lot, then we will have a shot!
John D. MacDonald, The Deep Blue Good-By|I am wary of the whole dreary deadening structured mess that we have built into such a glittering top-heavy structure that there is nothing left to see but the glitter, and the brute routines of maintaining it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Allow people to walk all over your carpet, not all over you.
Jennifer Castle, The Beginning of After|It was like how people find other people to be in love with, all random and accidental and lucky.
Jamie Dimon|Now we have technology where we can modify the genomics of individuals by gene transfer and genetic meddling, we may find that people will want to modify their children, enhance their intelligence, their strength and their beauty and all the other so-called desirable characteristics.
Eve Ensler|It seems to me there's this tyranny that's not accidental or incidental, to make women feel compelled to look like somebody they're not. I think the effort is being made to get us to turn our time and attention to this instead of important political issues.
Ryan Bethencourt|Our world is built on biology and once we begin to understand it, it then becomes a technology
Munia Khan|Eagle's flight of loneliness soars so high Around its sigh, no more alone the sky Other birds remain away, clouds pass byBetween shrouds of life and haze sun rays die
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|While we’ve been grabbing for things to give meaning to life, we have lost our way. We grow addicted to reference points. We grow afraid and lose our unfettered curiosity. Our wants, needs, desires, ideas, aspirations and beliefs, become so embedded that it is like they are glued to our cells, our nerves, our eyes, brain, heart…our whole body.
Kapil Dev|Waiting is a period of learning. The longer we wait, the more we hear about him for whom we are waiting.
Suzanne Wright, Burn|So, without saying anything to the others, it made its way to the farthest corner of the meadow and began to toast an imaginary muffin. That was always the best way to unwind when things got to be too much for it.
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|Sounds like a plan. I owe Tammy a big thank-you.” Ty sighed. “I think I’m too old for this bachelor party crap.”“We’ll be planning yours soon enough.”That was so not appealing, Ty was almost scared. “Let’s just go fishing and call it good.”“Done.
Hilary Mantel, An Experiment in Love|Feminism hasn't failed, it's just never been tried.
Tariq Ramadan|Intellect is a part of a good faith. Intellect is the light, the heart is the direction.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Money can't buy love, but it can buy a woman's attention.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|You weren't able to talk sense into him?"Well, we kind of tried to kill each other in a duel to the death."I see. You tried the diplomatic approach.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|He grinned. “Do not fear. I am here to serve you, as I promised.” Despite the fit of schoolgirl giggles that had seized her in Carbonek when he first proposed to be her knight, his assurance annoyed her now. “You inspire me with confidence,” she said, honey-sweet. “With a few more years and experience, you would make a capable guardian, I’m sure.” “And you an amiable ward,” he said, bowing again.
Rhiannon Frater, The Tale Of The Vampire Bride|I strain to hear, but my old ears, for all their obscene hugeness, pick up nothing but snippets:
Conor McGregor|Each person's drive to overwork is unique, and doing too much numbs every workaholic's emotions differently. Sometimes overwork numbs depression, sometimes anger, sometimes envy, sometimes sexuality. Or the overworker runs herself ragged in a race for attention.
Roy  Bennett|Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|A name isn't a person,' Ga said. 'Don't ever remember someone by their name. To keep someone alive, you put them inside you, you put their face on your heart. Then, no matter where you are, they're always with you because they're a part of you.
Wayne Chirisa|It takes heart to battle great challenges, great faith to be victorious over them.
Sarah Winter|We don't get to choose the things that happen to us in life. What we can choose is how to react to them, how we deal with them, and how we move on.
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is no smarter professor than life, and no wiser sage than experience.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Perhaps it wasn't age but what you were capable of, the lengths to which you were willing to go to get what you wanted, that mattered most.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|We need a conversion of morals," the elderly man said. "Not just superficially, but profoundly. And in both races. We need a great saint-some enlightened common sense. Otherwise, we'll never have the right answers...
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|Your complete intelligence is designed to experience the fullness of life, not a narrow omission of its best possibilities.
Winston Churchill|The young Cambridge group  the group that stood for "freedom" and flannel trousers and flannel shirts open at the neck  and a well-bred sort of emotional anarchy  and a whispering  murmuring  sort of voice  and an ultra-sensitive sort of manner.
Gerald L. Sittser|Never, never marry, my friend. Here’s my advice to you: don’t marry until you can tell yourself that you’ve done all you could, and until you’ve stopped loving the woman you’ve chosen, until you see her clearly, otherwise you’ll be cruelly and irremediably mistaken. Marry when you’re old and good for nothing…Otherwise all that’s good and lofty in you will be lost.
Stefan Emunds, Genesis|Since time immemorial, the serpent has symbolized organic vitality. Serpents move in curves and so does energy. The serpent developed from the Light created on the first cosmic day. In the firmament it manifests as the life-breath that animates souls. In the physical universe it manifests electro-magnetism, the light in substance so to speak.
Stephan Attia, Mythopia|Better poetry than riches,Better poverty than fortunes.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|For a moment she lay still in the big bed, blinking sleepily, loath to move.And then she realized that the angel’s song hadn’t stopped on her waking.Silence sat up. The tantalizingly beautiful voice was coming from the half-open door to Mickey O’Connor’s room.
Adi Alsaid, Let's Get Lost|It was time to let go of the mad desire to remember. It was time to start living whatever life would come. In the present, not the past.
Will Davis Jr., 10 Things Jesus Never Said: And Why You Should Stop Believing Them|Once you decide to forgive, you initiate the healing process. Forgiveness gives your soul permission to move on to the higher and healthier ground of emotional recovery. Forgiveness is to your soul what antibiotics are to infection. It is the curative agent that will help to fully restore your soul. It doesn't immediately remove the pain of defense but it does start you on the road to recovery.
Jennifer Rardin, Bite Marks|Besides my professional goals, I have a couple of private ones, my man. One of those is to pet a kangaroo before I leave Australia. I understand there's lots of Eastern Grays around this area. What do you say? Are you in?'Bergman looked at him like he'd just made the worst financial investment of his life. 'Kangaroos are wild animals. I've heard they claw like girl fighters and kick like jackhammers. You're going to get your skull crushed.'Cole held up a finger. 'Or I'm going to pet a kangaroo. How cool would that be?
Kamil Ali, The Initiates|In one of the verses of Lal Ded, or Lalla, a fourteenth-century mystic from Kashmir, Lalla says: “At the end of a crazy-moon night the love of God rose. I said “It’s me, Lalla.”“It’s me, Lalla,” becomes “It’s me…whoever you are,” proclaiming that we no longer stand on the sidelines but are leaping directly into the center of our lives, our truth, our full potential. No one can take that leap for us; and no one has to. This is our journey of faith.
Farley Maglaya|It's Unfair to be fair,For Life is unfair
Israelmore Ayivor|Leadership is an art expressed by the demonstration of characters worthy of immitation, emulation and inspiration. It is neither a title nor a postion.
Tessa Dare, A Night to Surrender|You’re my home, Susanna. My home, my heart, my dearest love. Wherever you are, that’s where I belong. Always.” - Victor Bramwell, Earl of Rycliff
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|We may not understand why certain things occur in our lives, but we understand who to run to when they do.
Charlyn Khater|I confronted the fact that I was not only talking to a dog, but answering for one.
George Washington|A primary object should be the education of our youth in the science of government. In a republic, what species of knowledge can be equally important? And what duty more pressing than communicating it to those who are to be the future guardians of the liberties of the country?
Will Potter, Green Is the New Red: An Insider's Account of a Social Movement Under Siege|Other creatures receive food simply as fodder. But we take the raw materials of the earth and work with them—touch them, manipulate them, taste them, glory in their heady smells and colors, and then, through a bit of alchemy, transform them into delicious creations.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things.
Walter Isaacson, Einstein: His Life and Universe|Education is something which should be apart from the necessities of earning a living, not a tool therefor. It needs contemplation, fallow periods, the measured and guided study of the history of man's reiteration of the most agonizing question of all: Why?
Sadghuru|People see the cleverness of nature and suppose it's the cleverness of the animal itself but it was obvious to me that each and every segment of the animal isn't aware. How much I'd hate to live totally unaware of myself, I thought. What would be the point of living, of existing, if you weren't ever to know about it? I looked at the Fox Moth and pitied it, poor unconscious creature. But then, I supposed, at least it wouldn't be disappointed. It would never find out.
Stephanie Kuehn, Charm & Strange|What’s with savage humans always wanting to cannibalize us?” Jaden asks as she runs past Summer to check for any more of the Tainted around the corner.“They want to suck your blood,” Rob says in a Romanian accent.Jaden snorts. Too bad humor won’t help them out of this mess.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|Honestly, as much as I love my brother, I’m not sure how I feel about him hanging out in your bedroom.” He reached out with a muscular arm and used his fingers to brush a few strands of hair off my cheek, tucking them behind my ear. I shivered, and he smiled. “I feel like I need to mark my territory.” “Shut up.” “Oh, I love it when you get all bossy-pants. It’s sexy.
Roger Williams, The Correspondence of Roger Williams|The people were divided into the persecuted and those who persecuted them. That wile beast, which lives in man and does not dare to show itself until the barriers of law and custom have been removed, was now set free. The signal was given, the barriers were down. As has so often happened in the history of man, permission was tacitly granted for acts of violence and plunder, even for murder, if they were carried out in the name of higher interests, according to established rules, and against a limited number of men of a particular type and belief....In a few minutes the business quarter, based on centuries of tradition, was wiped out. It is true that there had always been concealed enmities and jealousies and religious intolerance, coarseness and cruelty, but there had also been courage and fellowship and a feeling for measure and order, which restrained all these instincts within the limits of the supportable and, in the end, calmed them down and submitted them to the general interest of life in common. Men who had been leaders in the commercial quarter for forty years vanished overnight as if they had all died suddenly, together with the habits, customs and institutions which they represented.p. 11
Amy Reed, Clean|I wonder if anybody else feels this way, if anyone in here is as scared as I am. Are they as sad and angry and confused and ashamed? Is that even possible? Is it even possible for one building to hold all that pain?
Bonnie Bassler|We should seek by all means in our power to avoid war, by analysing possible causes, by trying to remove them, by discussion in a spirit of collaboration and good will.
Bruce Springsteen|You'll walk with me out on the wire, cuz baby, I'm just a scared and lonely rider, but I gotta know how it feels... I want to know love is wild, babe, I want to know love is real.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline|We do not have to have the correct answers to listen well. In fact, often the correct answers are a hindrance to listening well, for we become more anxious to give the correct answer than to hear.
Daniel Defoe|I told him I had, perhaps, different notions of matrimony from what the received custom had given us of it; that I thought a woman was a free agent as well as a man, and was born free, and, could she manage herself suitably, might enjoy that liberty to as much purpose as the men do; that the laws of matrimony were indeed otherwise, and mankind at this time acted quite upon other principles, and those such that a woman gave herself entirely away from herself, in marriage, and capitulated, only to be, at best, but an upper servant, and from the time she took the man she was no better or worse than the servant among the Israelites, who had his ears bored—that is, nailed to the door-post—who by that act gave himself up to be a servant during life; that the very nature of the marriage contract was, in short, nothing but giving up liberty, estate, authority, and everything to the man, and the woman was indeed a mere woman ever after—that is to say, a slave.
James Cash Penney|Though you can love what you do not master, you cannot master what you do not love.
Finis Jennings Dake, God's Plan for Man: Contained in Fifty-Two Lessons, One for Each Week of the Year|Nevertheless, should you have any doubts that we are stating sound doctrines, look up the references and see exactly what the Bible says and believe it in preference to any man. You cannot go wrong with this kind of advice. But in doing this, be sure you adhere to what is written, and that you do not let preconceived ideas cause you to be biased on any point. Do not try to make the Bible conform to your ideas. Always reconcile your ideas to the Bible. Let the plain language of the references given be read and understood in the same literal way that we would understand similar statements in any other book
Darrell Calkins, Re:|We live in a dimension where it is necessary to find a balance between wants and needs, or desires and yearning, or answers and questions. The totality of these makes up what we know as reality or truth, at least adolescent truth—facts. The fact of the matter is, you have to live in society one way or another, and there’s a reason for that, so the base of engagement begins with acceptance of the variables as they actually are.
Stasia Ward Kehoe, The Sound of Letting Go|Whatever how much you know,if you don’t know, who you are, in what world you are living, or simply where you are, and from where you came from. Because if you do know, that's completely different story. 18.09.11
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|This is Waldo Butters, and his geek penis is longer and harder than any of ours put together.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Bree turned to him and gave him an uneasy nod. She had no idea if they were gonna make things better or worse, but she had to know for herself what Francesca had gone through, where she lived and why she made the decisions she had. If she could find out more about the ill-fated romance between Francesca and Adriano, maybe she and Alessandro could avoid a similar, miserable ending.
James Surowiecki|I loved climbing because of the freedom, and having time and space. I remember coming off Everest for the last time, thinking of Dad and wishing that he could have seen what I saw. He would have loved it.
Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry|Biting the hand that feeds you, that's what you're doing Mary Logan, biting the hand that feeds you.'Again Mama laughed, 'If that's the case, Daisy, I don't think I need that little bit of food.'With the second book finished, she stared at a small pile of second grade books on her desk.'Well, I just think you're spoiling those children, Mary. They've got to learn how things are sometime.''Maybe so,' said Mama. 'But that doesn't mean they have to accept them. And maybe we don't either.
Edward Feser, The Last Superstition: A Refutation of the New Atheism|May your sleep be your death, and your wakefulness be your heaven.
Alan Eisenstock|The silence lingers and we soak it up like a good steam. Men like silence. We believe in it. We crave it. To us, silence is equal to peace and synonymous with quiet. Thus the common gender-specific phrase uttered by men in homes throughout the world, usually in the evening and on weekends: “Can I please get some peace and quiet, please?
Kristen Ashley, Own the Wind|But isn't it enough that I just don't want it?""No," said Fiona. "It isn't enough.""Why not?""Well, if that was enough, if just saying no and not giving a reason was enough, where would we be? It would just be chaos.
Ali Sheikh, Closure of the Helpdesk — A Geek Tragedy|Look beyond what you can see, Think Potential
J.C. Nelson, Free Agent|People don't change, they come closer and closer to who they really are.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|But a person, I would say, is an individual living really with the world. And 'with' the world, I don't mean in the world- just in real contact, in real reciprocity with the world in all the points in which the world can meet man.
Tony Jones|What the Didache doesn’t say is that the community should shun or excommunicate those who commit the forbidden sins. In fact, “correct some, pray for others, and some you should love more than your own life” makes plain that the worst sinners should be showered with the most love.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|Pain was something to get used to, to inure yourself against. I would rather hurt myself than be hurt by someone else, and so I took up this practice with a sense of purpose and without remorse.
Cassandra Giovanni, Walking in the Shadows|Hayden shouts, "To the new Teen Uprising!
Arthur Quiller-Couch|I get it, you know. I'm operating on privilege too. It may be a number of notches down from yours but it's every bit as unearned. I think the trick is to never forget it.
Israelmore Ayivor|I think this is one bad side of a mirror; it helps us to see the reflection of the effects of our own actions on ourselves. We smile and it smiles back to us, we frown and it frowns to us. How I wish it shows us the reflections of the effects of our actions on other people as well so that we will be conscious!
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|If all the businesses in town are run like country businesses, You are going to have a country town
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|The two families really don't like each other, except for all us younger cousins because we don't know any better.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|I have studiously tried to avoid ever using the word 'madness' to describe my condition. Now and again, the word slips out, but I hate it. 'Madness' is too glamorous a term to convey what happens to most people who are losing their minds. That word is too exciting, too literary, too interesting in its connotations, to convey the boredom, the slowness, the dreariness, the dampness of depression.
Elizabeth Peters, A River in the Sky|Men like to create unnecessary organizations and give them impressive or mysterious names; this usually ends in increased confusion, and should therefore be ignored.
Nikki DiCaro|If tomorrow is promised to no one, why do we spend today building the foundation for tomorrow. The future may not be promised, but it may be filled with promise.
Maxwell Maltz|If you make friends with yourself, you'll never be alone.
Criss Jami|It is sometimes but the mere hope for enjoyment that allows one to enjoy something, even when he is not really enjoying it at the moment.
Shannon L. Alder|Your actions will always be what the world sees, but people who choose to see through God's eyes will always have the compassion to understand why.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Mathematics is a wonderful common sense,To understand the harmony in nature magnificent; The wondrous language, & popular in terms of @ financeIts’ unique, and abundantly rich in terms of substance,
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|I have raised you to respect every human being as singular. And you must extend that same respect into the past. Slavery is not an indefinable mass of flesh. It is a particular, specific enslaved woman whose mind is as active as your own, whose range of feelings as vast as your own, who prefers the way the light falls in one particular spot in the woods, who enjoys fishing where the water eddys in the nearby stream, who loves her mother in her own complicated way, thinks her sister talks to loud, has a favorite cousin, a favorite season, who excels at dress making, and knows inside herself that she is as intelligent and capable as anyone. Slavery is the same woman born in a world that loudly proclaims its love of freedom and describes this world in essential texts. A world in which these same professors hold this woman a slave. Hold her mother a slave, her father a slave, her daughter a slave.And when this woman peers back into the generations, all she sees is the enslaved. She can hope for more. She can imagine some future for her grandchildren, but when she dies, the world, which is really the only world she can really know, ends. For this woman enslavement is not a parable, it is damnation, it is the never ending night, and the length of that night is most of our history. Never forget that we were enslaved in this country longer than we have been free. Never forget that for 250 years black people were born into chains, whole generations followed by more generations who knew nothing but chains.
Bradley B. Dalina|I started writing a story twenty years ago..yet remain unfinished until this time..'.couldn't not think how I end this story because it covers entirely pain, grief, and sorrow... If one story like this, how should it end...?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Where solitude endeth, there beginneth the market-place; and where the market-place beginneth, there beginneth also the noise of the great actors, and the buzzing of the poison-flies.
Willa Valentine|Look," she said, and just that. That was the only time she opened her mouth, because she wanted to say something unnecessary, something that wouldn't be important or memorable, so I wouldn't have to remember her voice.We looked at the veil then, the thing that had turned her this way, and we smiled.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|She smiled and said with an ecstatic air: "It shines like a little diamond","What does?""This moment. It is round, it hangs in empty space like a little diamond; I am eternal.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|They sat in a sphere of quiet, save the sound of theirbreathing and the carriage’s creaks and sways. Outside,the coachman yelled his encouragement to the steedsmoving them forward. The whole carriage cocoonedthem in a peculiar world with the heaven’s wool-thickmists pressing against the windows. Her hand didn’t stop rubbing his neck, but sheshifted her leg, bending her knee to rest her leg onhis thigh. Her patten slipped off, dropping to the floorwith a thud. Cyrus’s head moved off the squab. “Are youundressing for my benefit?” His smile’s wicked curve played on her. From herstays to her drawers, everything was too tight, toomuch against her skin. Cyrus reached for her handworking his neck muscles. He brought it to his lips andkissed her knuckles thrice with slow adoration. “We don’t have to stop,” she said, her voice breathyand quick. “I’m sure you have more aches and pains.” Mid-kiss, he smiled against the back of her hand, hiswarm breath brushing her skin. “There are so many ways a man could go withthat.” Humor lightened his voice. “But I’m sure youmean to provide tender care to my neck only.” She grinned at her unintended innuendo. This wasthe experience she craved—to flirt and tease, to kissand touch. Cyrus put his lips to her wrist, marking herwith hot kisses. A spangle of pleasure shot up her arm. “You would break down the meanest soul withyour soft heart.” He set her hand on the blanket’sscratchy folds, his thumb caressing her wrist. “High praise, indeed, sir.” Tinseled sparks danced across her skin, not lettingher recover from those gentle touches, his lips to herarm. He stroked a lone finger on her hand that restedbetween them. “And you don’t care one bit that I’m the son of aMidland swine farmer, do you?” Cyrus asked the unexpected question, but his voiceconveyed confidence in her answer. Was her chivalrousbrawler showing a hidden spot? She peered athim, wanting a better view of his shadowed features. How was she to decipher this latest turn? The carriage bumped and rocked, and the outsidecandle lantern swung another shaft of light inside. Hisquicksilver stare pinned her. “Miss Mayhew, have you ever wondered how afreehold farmer got to be in such a fine place?
David S. Landes, Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World|Meetings are at the heart of an effective organization, and each meeting is an opportunity to clarify issues, set new directions, sharpen focus, create alignment, and move objectives forward.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|I would like to curl up and become a small thing. About this big. And still. Very still. Have you ever become so melancholy, that you wanted to fit in the palm of your beloved’s hand? And lie there, for fortnights, or decades, or the length of time between stars? In complete silence?
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|We sometimes fear to bring our troubles to God, because they must seem small to Him who sitteth on the circle of the earth. But if they are large enough to vex and endanger our welfare, they are large enough to touch His heart of love.
Dejan Stojanovic|Be aware of the high notes, of the blissful faces and their soft messages, and listen for the silent message of a highly decorated gift.
Machado de Assis, Iaiá Garcia|Evil is inevitable,' Reuben quoted, 'in the course of a creation which develops with time.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|It's so weird how that can be, how you could have a night that's the worst in your life, but to everybody else it's just an ordinary night.
Seraphim Rose|More profoundly, Nihilist "simplification" may be seen in the universal prestige today accorded the lowest order of knowledge, the scientific, as well as the simplistic ideas of men like Marx, Freud, and Darwin, which underlie virtually the whole of contemporary thought and life.We say "life," for it is important to see that the Nihilist history of our century has not been something imposed from without or above, or at least has not been predominantly this; it has rather presupposed, and drawn its nourishment from, a Nihilist soil that has long been preparing in the hearts of the people. It is precisely from the Nihilism of the commonplace, from the everyday Nihilism revealed in the life and thought and aspiration of the people, that all the terrible events of our century have sprung. The world-view of Hitler is very instructive in this regard, for in him the most extreme and monstrous Nihilism rested upon the foundation of a quite unexceptional and even typical Realism. He shared the common faith in "science," "progress," and "enlightenment" (though not, of course, in "democracy"), together with a practical materialism that scorned all theology, metaphysics, and any thought or action concerned with any other world than the "here and now," priding himself on the fact that he had "the gift of reducing all problems to their simplest foundations." He had a crude worship of efficiency and utility that freely tolerated "birth control", laughed at the institution of marriage as a mere legalization of a sexual impulse that should be "free", welcomed sterilization of the unfit, despised "unproductive elements" such as monks, saw nothing in the cremation of the dead but a "practical" question and did not even hesitate to put the ashes, or the skin and fat, of the dead to "productive use." He possessed the quasi-anarchist distrust of sacred and venerable institutions, in particular the Church with its "superstitions" and all its "outmoded" laws and ceremonies. He had a naive trust in the "natural mom, the "healthy animal" who scorns the Christian virtues--virginity in particular--that impede the "natural functioning" of the body. He took a simple-minded delight in modern conveniences and machines, and especially in the automobile and the sense of speed and "freedom" it affords.There is very little of this crude Weltanschauung that is not shared, to some degree, by the multitudes today, especially among the young, who feel themselves "enlightened" and "liberated," very little that is not typically "modern.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Marco Rubio|Mitt Romney will stop the attacks on job creators, encourage entrepreneurs to chase their dreams, and bring good jobs and a better future to all Americans.
Iveta Cherneva|Every child born in the world must be considered as deriving its existence from God. The world is this new to him as it was to the first that existed, and his natural right in it is of the same kind.
Rosemary Clement-Moore, Hell Week|Faith isn't absence of doubt. It's belief without proof, not without question.
Eve Ensler, In the Body of the World|The dizzy rapture of starving. The power of needing nothing. By force of will I make myself the impossible sprite who lives on air, on water, on purity.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|... telling herself stories about herself in a singsong voice, creating her own mythology.
Harriet A. Nash, Polly's Secret|The progress of mankind is due exclusively to the progress of natural sciences, not to morals, religion or philosophy.
Jeffrey Zeldman|The best way to engage honestly with the marketplace via Twitter is to never use the words "engage," "honestly," or "marketplace.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|There’s a lot of degradation in sex, isn’t there?”“When it’s done right.
Victor Kiam|The reality is that business and investment spending are the true leading indicators of the economy and the stock market. If you want to know where the stock market is headed, forget about consumer spending and retail sales figures. Look to business spending, price inflation, interest rates, and productivity gains.
C.G. Jung|... I don't believe in ghosts - not the scary white sheet, boogie-woogie type of ghost anyway. And yet ... I don't disbelieve either. I'm kind of sitting on the ghost fence, dangling my legs on both sides, not sure which way to jump. I think I might be here for a while.
Mahrukh|Spread Smiles, it may cost you nothing but may worth more than anything for some one.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Completing the circle is both philosophical and tactical - there is a growing sense of mastery that comes with practice, diligence, and experience.
Artur Davis|A significant number of pages and sentences that the administration wants to keep in a classified status have already been released publicly, some of it by public statements of the leadership of the CIA and the FBI.
J. Douma|Laws change more slowly than custom, and though dangerous when they fall behind the times are more dangerous still when the presume to anticipate custom.
Pedro Calderon de la Barca|A structure becomes architectural, and not sculptural, when its elements no longer have their justification in nature.
Eliot Spitzer|If anybody ran a business like that they would be out of business quickly, and Barack Obama's leadership is driving this business, the United States of America, toward a fiscal cliff.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Like all magnificent things, it’s very simple.
Patrick Rothfuss|No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet.
Fred Phillips III, The Numbers Talk|Your faith today, whether great, small or none controls your destiny tomorrow
Dorothy L. Sayers, Creed or Chaos? and Lost Tools of Learning|For whatever reason God chose to make man as he is— limited and suffering and subject to sorrows and death—He had the honesty and the courage to take His own medicine. Whatever game He is playing with His creation, He has kept His own rules and played fair. He can exact nothing from man that He has not exacted from Himself. He has Himself gone through the whole of human experience, from the trivial irritations of family life and the cramping restrictions of hard work and lack of money to the worst horrors of pain and humiliation, defeat, despair and death. When He was a man, He played the man. He was born in poverty and died in disgrace and thought it well worthwhile.
Elizabeth Howell, Knowing, Not-Knowing and Sort-Of-Knowing: Psychoanalysis and the Experience of Uncertainty|Sometimes buried memories of abuse emerge spontaneously. A triggering event or catalyst starts the memories flowing. The survivor then experiences the memories as a barrage of images about the abuse and related details. Memories that are retrieved in this manner are relatively easy to understand and believe because the person remembering is so flooded with coherent, consistent information.
Daniel Boulud|It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|There are too many people who love me, and accept me, and never try and change me, and who don’t condemn me in the slightest, for me to waste even one moment of my life anymore worrying about what other people will think.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You have to believe in your dreams, to reach out for your dreams.
John  Adams, The Works Of John Adams, Second President Of The United States|Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|They knew a lot, the dead. How many times had she said to Harry they were the world’s greatest untapped resource? It was true. All they’d seen, all they’d suffered, all they’d triumphed over – lost to a world in need of wisdom.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally. Make it the object of pursuit, and it leads us a wild-goose chase, and is never attained. Follow some other object, and very possibly we may find that we have caught happiness without dreaming of it.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|The truth is women need men, we are neither superior nor inferior to men. We are better at some things and worse at other things. Mature people take the hard road and choose to delay quick gratification for true love. Mature people realize that the world does not revolve around them, and their desires, but around commitment. Mature people are committed to something beyond themselves; God, good, the good of society, family etc. If men are the source of your problems, then you are doomed to wait for eternity for them to fix it.
A.D. Posey|Believe in people, they fly for a day. Teach them to believe in themselves, they soar for a lifetime.
C.S. Lewis|What we want is not more little books about Christianity, but more little books by Christians on other subjects--with their Christianity latent.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The wheel… is an extension of the foot. The book… is an extension of the eye…Clothing, an extension of the skin…Electric circuitry, an extension of the central nervous system.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|Those who are long on logic, definitions, abstractions, and formulas are frequently short on a sense of the concrete.
Hermann Hesse|He should be very proud of Andrew if he got a scholarship, he said. She would be just as proud of him if he didn't, she answered. They disagreed always about this, but it did not matter. She liked him to believe in scholarships, and he liked her to be proud of Andrew whatever he did.
Cornell Woolrich|That was enough dialogue for a few pages - he had to get into some fast, red-hot action.There weren't any more hitches now. The story flowed like a torrent. The margin bell chimed almost staccato, the roller turned with almost piston-like continuity, the pages sprang up almost like blobs of batter from a pancake skillet. The beer kept rising in the glass and, contradictorily, steadily falling lower. The cigarettes gave up their ghosts, long thin gray ghosts, in a good cause; the mortality rate was terrible.His train of thought, the story's lifeline, beer-lubricated but no whit impeded, flashed and sputtered and coursed ahead like lightning in a topaz mist, and the loose fingers and hiccuping keys followed as fast as they could. ("The Penny-A-Worder")
Napz Cherub Pellazo|All of your failures, are training grounds
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|As with all travel, replacing familiar surroundings with the unknown fires an electric charge that awakens a sense of adventure.
Mary Wollstonecraft|We need society, and we need solitude also, as we need summer and winter, day and night, exercise and rest.
Christianna Brand, Nurse Matilda|And as they spoke - lo and behold! - there was a knock at the door, and there stood a small, stout figure dressed in rusty black; and she said, 'Good evening, Mr and Mrs Brown, I am Nurse Matilda.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|He called himself Jack, a plain handshake of a name, a far cry from the Clive Staples he had been christened, and to be Jack was the hard work of a lifetime.
Mark Sundeen, The Man Who Quit Money|It made Daniel think. The people who had the least were the most willing to share. He outlined a dictum that he would believe the rest of his life: the more people have, the less the give. Similarly, generous cultures produce less waste because excess is shared, whereas stingy nations fill their landfills with leftovers.
Chester Bennington|I haven't experienced anything paranormal yet, but I did see what I think was a meteor light up the sky in a flash of red for a few seconds. That was really cool.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|If someone can handle you at your worst, they'll stick around for your best.
Leo Burnett|I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
Palle Oswald|I think journalism gets measured by the quality of information it presents, not the drama or the pyretechnics associated with us
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|He was like my father. They each wanted me to be their audience, to hear the things they needed to express.
Jon Scieszka, The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales|...his respect, hard enough to earn in the first place, was all but impossible to win back after it was lost.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Must’ve been hard on your mom,” Frank said. “I guess we’ll do anything for someone we love.”Hazel squeezed his hand appreciatively. Nico stared at the cobblestones. “Yeah,” he said bitterly. “I guess we will.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom Vol. II: Guidance from the Book of Changes|When things are bad, be thankful...they are not as bad as they could be.
Hubert Martin|The storm only grew stronger. Walls of facets became flooded with cracks, the tumultuous gale escaped through the smallest crevice. With her arms spread wide and all her muscles hard and taunt, she broke free from the chrysalis, letting loose her new wings and that mighty storm. I thought it was over, but I was wrong. She spread her wings and sang her song. She rode upon the howl of wind until she was gone.
Erwin Schrödinger, A Life of Erwin Schrödinger|Whether God exists or does not exist, He has come to rank among the most sublime and useless truths.
Seema Gupta|Love is when unknowingly I am moving to a world of no return, Where my desire and your fragrance together burnall your thoughts in canvas of my mind and soulturns in to a masterpiece as my life's aim and goal looks I am taken over and over away by you showering in me as a rain of you and only you
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|Judge the goodness of a book by the energy of the punches it has given you. I believe the greatest characteristic of genius, is, above all, force.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|By definition, a human being is endowed with free will. He can use this to choose between good and evil. If he can only perform good or only perform evil, then he is a clockwork orange - meaning that he has the appearance of an organism lovely with colour and juice but is in fact only a clockwork toy to be wound up by God or the Devil or (since this is increasingly replacing both) the Almighty State. It is as inhuman to be totally good as it is to be totally evil. The important thing is moral choice. Evil has to exist along with good in order that moral choice may operate. Life is sustained by the grinding opposition of moral entities. This is what the television news is all about. Unfortunately there is so much original sin in us all that we find evil rather attractive. To devastate is easier and more spectacular than to create.
Jackie Trippier Holt, Freaks Like Us|Ah, but in time the heat of noontide passes, and to it there succeed nightfall and dusk, with a return to the quiet fold where for the weary an the heavy-laden there waits sleep, sweet sleep.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|When a man died, there had to be blame. Jimmy Cross understood this. You could blame the war, You could blame the idiots who made the war. You could blame Kiowa for going to it. You could blame the rain. You could blame the river. You could blame the field, the mud, the climate. You could blame the enemy. You could blame the mortar rounds. You could blame people who were too lazy to read a newspaper, who were bored by the daily body counts, who switched channels at the mention of politics. You could blame whole nations. You could blame God. You could blame the munitions makers or Karl Marx or a trick of fate of an old man in Omaha who forgot to vote.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|God, you don't have a romantic bone in your body, Sean."He flashed a cocky grin. "Maybe not, but there's definitely one in my pants.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|Steady faith is stronger than destiny. Destiny is the result of causes, mostly accidental, and is therefore loosely woven. Confidence and good hope will overcome it easily.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Rabbi, the Sacred Teacher, Jesus Christ.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|I love the way he smelled whenever his head dipped close to hear what I was saying—like the sun striking th cheek of a tomato, or soap drying in the hood of a car. I loved the way his hand felt on my spine. I loved.
Eileen Granfors|I’m positive I wouldn’t consider having sex with Guy if I hadn’t already had sex beforehand. I always knew I wanted my first time to be with someone I loved and who loved me, which it was . . . but shouldn’t I want that for everytime? I disagree with what Amy said about how once you go all the way, you can’t go back to “everything but.” But now that I have done it, it doesn’t seem nearly as big a deal to do it again.
Liz Kessler, Philippa Fisher and the Fairy's Promise|But there would be no confrontation the next day. And for Tommy Williams, there would be no school, either. Because the moment he walked through the gap in the stones to leave the circle, something quiet unexpected happened.Tommy, holding tightly on to his rock, took the step that divided the inside of the circle from the outside - and disappeared.The woods suddenly felt colder than usual. The darkness hung more heavily.The amber was gone - and now nothing would ever be the same.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|He smiles sadly. "Now I know my destiny.""What is it?""This."He draws me in to him in a kiss. His lips are warm. He pulls me tighter in his embrace. The roots sigh and release their hold on my waist and the wound in my side is healed. "Kartik," I cry, kissing his cheeks. "It's let me go.""That's good," he says. He makes a small cry. His back arches, and every muscle in his body tightens.
Glen Hirshberg, Motherless Child|Luca scoffed. “Wolves never change.”“Excuse me?” Ryan demanded.“All about instant gratification. Reacting purely on instinct and engaging in mindless acts of violence and sex.”“Like vampires are any different. Oh, accept for the fact that my boys don’t kill those they fuck. Vampires get off on having a life in their hands, the power of draining their victim’s life force. Wolves revel in life. You are death and you breed only death.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|...Regardless, I still do not believe that your duty is to do as the people wish. Your duty is to lead as best you can, following the dictates of your conscience. You must be true. Your Majesty, to the man you wish to become....
Kim Holden, So Much More|the person you’ve always wanted to be. Some days your heart will be in it, and some days you’ll fake it, but eventually it will become a habit and without thinking about it, you will be changed anew. A new attitude. A new outlook. A new perspective. The human mind is a wonderful thing to grant us that kind of change.
Raynetta Manees, All for Love|I have a hundred million fans, Angela, but I have very few friends.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|And just like a midsummer nights breeze, she ran away, into the moonlight, a fox, proud and strong. The lone wolf walked away, saddened she was gone.
Jordyn Wieber|Perhaps the most encouraging trend is that, through technology, people are realizing how much agency they actually have. Technology has revolutionized the way we eat, live, communicate, socialize, learn, and do. We see enormous potential to create lasting, positive change in the way the world works by doing what we are doing.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Something about the cultural tradition of Jews is way, way more sympathetic to science and learning and intellectual pursuits than Islam.
Anthony Liccione|Solovey will take me to the ends of the earth if I ask it. I am going into the world, Alyosha. I will be no one's bride, neither of man nor of God. I am going to Kiev and Sarai and Tsargrad, and I will look upon the sun on the sea.
Charmaine Smith Ladd, Shake Hands with Yourself: A Peacemaker's Guide to Happiness & Inner Peace|Shake hands with yourself. Forgive yourself and you can learn to love yourself and others in the manner that brings you the greatest fulfillment of all. With love, all things are truly possible. - Charmainism
Frank M. Corrigan, Neurobiology and Treatment of Traumatic Dissociation: Towards an Embodied Self|We are all a collection of lost causes, stashed here so no one has to see just how wounded we are.
Marty Rubin|I only need to survive on tea, bread and fruits.
Laura Schlessinger|Mother humor is such a universal theme. I wrote a show called '25 Questions for a Jewish Mother.' I had people coming up to me after the show saying, 'I'm Baptist, and my mother is just like yours.'
Jeaniene Frost, The Beautiful Ashes|This is why I stayed away," he growled against my mouth as his hands started to rove over me with knowing, ruthless passion. "Can't be near you without wanting you. Can't stop myself anymore--
P. J. O'Rourke|If you look at space companies, they've failed either because they've had a technical solution where success was not a possible outcome, they were unable to attract a critical mass of talent, or they just ran out of money. The finish line is usually a lot further away than you think.
Erin Hunter, Outcast|It was Tigerstar's ambition that destroyed him. If he had been willing to wait for power to come to him, he would've been the greatest leader in the forest.
Stella Payton|Anger is a rough water; if you can canalize it into a watermill, you can benefit from it. Anything bad can be transformed into good.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Blades|You are wrong,” says the man. His voice is low and resonant. The metal walls of the dome, all the knives and swords and spears, all seem to vibrate with each of his words. “Your rulers and their propaganda have sold you this watered-down conceit of war, of a warrior yoked to the whims of civilization. Yet for all their self-professed civility, your rulers will gladly spend a soldier’s life to better aid their posturing, to keep the cost of a crude good low. They will send the children of others off to die and only think upon it later to grandly and loudly memorialize them, lauding their great sacrifice. Civilization is but the adoption of this cowardly method of murder.
J. Ruth Gendler, The Book of Qualities|Do you dislike your role in the story, your place in the shadow? What complaints do you have that the hobbits could not have heaved at Tolkien? You have been born into a narrative, you have been given freedom. Act, and act well until you reach your final scene.
Jim Crace|I'm not into animal rights. I'm only into animal welfare and health. I've been with the Morris Animal Foundation since the '70s. We're a health organization. We fund campaign health studies for dogs, cats, lizards and wildlife. I've worked with the L.A. Zoo for about the same length of time. I get my animal fixes!
Michael Moritz|It can be easy to become 'friends' or 'connected' with someone in a digital world, but it requires thought and strategy to convert social media connections into rewarding business relationships.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|I cannot pretend that I regard this with favor, but the purpose of life is not to do what we want but what needs to be done. This is what fate demands of us. - Oromis
R.W. van Bemmelen|I realized up there that our planet is not infinite. It's fragile. That may not be obvious to a lot of folks, and it's tough that people are fighting each other here on Earth instead of trying to get together and live on this planet. We look pretty vulnerable in the darkness of space.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are lost while travelling on the road, then if you ask a guide of the road, you will find the right way. Similarly, people have become lost on their way to moksha. They will find a solution when they meet the One (Gnani, the Enlightened One) who is familiar with the way to moksha. ‘We’ are that guide to moksha [the ultimate liberation]!
Elizabeth   Hunter, The Secret|Remember,” she whispered, “it’s only when the night is darkest that you can see the light of the stars.
Emily Dickinson|We both believe, and disbelieve a hundred times an hour, which keeps believing nimble.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is easy for Christians to allow themselves to be squeezed into the world’s mold . . . When nonbelievers see nothing different in the lifestyle of believers, they wonder if our profession of faith is sincere.
Joseph Chilton Pearce|To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|Why are old lovers able to become friends? Two reasons. They never truly loved each other, or they love each other still.
G. Gyarmati|Happiness and success are not something that we can attain  or possibly loose, but rather inside qualities that we have forgotten about during the very process of reaching them.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Could Denny have possibly appreciated the subjective nature of loneliness, which something nature of loneliness, which is something exist only in the mind, not in the world, and, like a virus, is unable to survive without a willing host.
Adolph Saphir, The Hidden Life, Thoughts on Communion With God|Eternal love doesn't mean till you die, its what you call eternity, it could be a few days, heck a few hours, but its worth every second
Max Brooks|The space industry is developing and delivering benefits that tie into our immediate needs and priorities here on Earth-for example, medical and materials research, and satellite communications.
Alice Cooper|It doesn't matter how many drugs I take, I'm not fulfilled. This isn't satisfying. There's a spiritual hunger going on. Everybody feels it. If you don't feel it now, you will. Trust me. You will... Drinking beer is easy. Trashing your hotel room is easy. But being a Christian, that's a tough call. That's the real rebellion.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, but it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: music, laughter,the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands,the scent of rain, the concept of subway trains... if only one could leave this life slowly!
K. Bromberg|Yes, being black is a full-time job: sometimes you are invisible, other times you are hyper-visible,” he says. “Sometimes you are welcome, other times you are not. The thermostat is always moving and you have to keep adapting to find some comfort level. Richard Pryor used to talk about going to Africa and people there telling him he was white. Even though he was black, he just wasn’t black enough.
Lexi Blake, The Men with the Golden Cuffs|When she closed her eyes she felt he had many hands, which touched her everywhere, and many mouths, which passed so swiftly over her, and with a wolflike sharpness, his teeth sank into her fleshiest parts. Naked now, he lay his full length over her. She enjoyed his weight on her, enjoyed being crushed under his body. She wanted him soldered to her, from mouth to feet. Shivers passed through her body.
Mary R. Woldering, Voices in Crystal|To those of you who are enslaved by your past, may my story set you free. For youth is innocent and its beauty is to always be cherished.
Tania Goody|For many years of my life, I was very fearful. I let fear rule different areas of my life and it caused me to be enslaved by fear. It also caused me to miss out on a lot of opportunities. God has a lot for you. Yes, YOU! There’s work to be done. There’s doors to be taken. There’s a need to stand firm. There’s a reason to speak up. Do not let fear rule you. Remember what God promises. Remember Who your God is and remember He is a big God, a faithful God, and that you have no reason to fear.
Lydia Sherrer, Love, Lies, and Hocus Pocus: Revelations|He kept her company, listened patiently when she complained, and always made sure her clothes were thoroughly covered in cat hair. They were family. He was her cat; she was his human. It seemed crazy, but that was enough.
Jeanette Winterson, Christmas Days: 12 Stories and 12 Feasts for 12 Days|Life's Irony; It is not only the poor that needs gifts, the rich also love to be gifted.
Alone Together Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|The very fact that we now design and manufacture robot companions for the elderly marks a turning point. We ask technology to perform what used to be "love's labor": taking care of each other.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|For several centuries, the Celtic church of Ireland was spared the Greek dualism of matter and spirit. They regarded the world with the clear vision of faith. When a young Celtic monk saw his cat catch a salmon swimming in shallow water, he cried, "The power of the Lord is in the paw of the cat!
Melanie Cusick-Jones, Outlanders|Mad – empty – crazy – lost – dying... I was all of these things and nothing as well, because even though I breathed and moved, I was not alive.
Philip Roth, Portnoy's Complaint|Doctor doctor, what do you say, lets put the id back in yid
Brett Kiellerop-Morris, My Big Fat Gay Life|I'm not an ageist, and I'm not looking for a man in a certain restrictive age range, however I've found over the years that people younger than me tend to be immature. The problem with this is that, as I get older, all the good men have already been snapped up.
Hugh Jackman|I loved to read, and I think any child who loves to read will read anything, including the back of the cereal box, which I did every morning.
Rudyard Kipling|I cut off all my hair, cut awayat the soft curves of my clothinguntil I have edges once again,using my body like broken glassto slice at the world around me.I have to take something back,because I have nothing more to
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|Now, the world is more than it seems to be. You know this, of course, because you read stories. You understand that there is the surface and then there are all the things that glimmer and shift underneath it. And you know that not everyone believes in those things, that there are people—a great many people—who believe the world cannot be any more than what they can see with their eyes. But we know better.
Thomas Merton|When everything goes wrong, what a joy to test your soul and see if it has endurance and courage. An invisible and all-powerful enemy - some call him God, others the Devil, seem to rush upon us to destroy us; but we are not destroyed.
Nina Simone|Music is something that should speak for itself, straight from the heart. It took me a long time to understand that.
Sanjeev Himachali|Understanding RELATIONSHIPS – If I have something to share, however, I didn’t share it with you because you didn’t ask me. It means I DON’T TRUST YOU. Even if you didn’t ask me, I still shared it with you, giving my trust to you. However, you shared it with the entire world. It means YOU ARE UNTRUSTWORTHY. I know what you know, however, when I asked you, you lied to me. It means YOU ARE DISHONEST.LOVE and AFFECTION are two essential elements of HUMAN RELATIONSHIP. However, whether you deserve my LOVE and AFFECTION or not is based on your TRUSTWORTHINESS and HONESTY.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have. It doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrow, just empties today of its strength.
Theodore Roosevelt, Thomas Hart Benton|Now I have very little respect for the electoral system in the United States. I could have respected it in the early days, when the country was small and we had small population. The system that we have in the United States was set up at a time when the total population was the population of Tennessee. We've stretched it to try to make it work for different kind of problems and in stretching and adapting it, we've lost its meaning. We still have the form but not the meaning. There's a lot of things that we have to look at critically that might have been useful at one time that are no longer useful I think there's some good in everything. There's some bad in everything. But there's so little good in some things that you know for practical purposes they're useless. They're beyond salvation. There's so much good in some things, even though there's bad, that we build on that.
Erico Quiambao|Our Dreams, not just a Dreams, It can be reality.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The pain you have gone through will give you the strength of character to come through it all, so long as you learn from what you have suffered then it was not suffering at all.
Fernando Pessoa, Poems of Fernando Pessoa|To be great, be whole;Exclude nothing, exaggerate nothing that is not you.Be whole in everything. Put all you areInto the smallest thing you do.So, in each lake, the moon shines with splendorBecause it blooms up above.
A.B. Whelan, Fields of Elysium|I don’t know who those other people are and what they did to you, but I’m not one of them,” I whispered, on the verge of tears. (Molly)“You are. You just don’t know yet.” (Victor)
|Don’t hate on someone whose hard work placed them on the road to success, while your envy and ill-intent put you on a path toward failure.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|I love snowflakes simply for the reason that each one is unique—nonidentical to zillions of crystalized counterparts.  It's a difficult notion to wrap your brain around, and yet it reminds me that amidst the innumerable stories told throughout the ages, a distinctly new one rests on the tip of an author's pen.
Daniel LaMonte|- I didn't seduce her! OK, I didn't know exactly what I was doing. It seemed like fun and then... well, THAT happened. - said Ronnie. - It wasn't intentional. I did it for shits and giggles, alright? We never had sex. She was mortified at the thought of losing her job, but I told her that I wouldn't tell anyone.	- Well... you just did. - said Tyler.	- You two aren't just "anyone". That's the difference. - said Ronnie and resumed his task... until his ears caught a disturbing row of cries for help.	- What kind of language is that? - Tyler asked.	- It's... Hindi. Urdu, to be specific. - Ronnie answered.	- How the fuck do you know? - Tyler asked.	- Just found it out. - answered Ronnie.	- Well, where does that lead us? - asked Tyler once again.	- Pakistan. - said Garret.	- We're not going there saving Muslims from the clutches of radical Islam and fighting for human rights, are we? - said Tyler.	- No, obviously. But if their lives are in danger, we'll help. Not because some non-governmental organisation is obsessed with political correctness and equal rights, but because they don't deserve to die just because some delusional maniac decided to play God with their fate. - said Ronnie.
Amit Kalantri|If one Godfather offers you an opportunity and another Godfather offers you an advantage, go with the former.
Aristophanes|It seemed to me,' said Wonko the Sane, 'that any civilization that had so far lost its head as to need to include a set of detailed instructions for use in a package of toothpicks, was no longer a civilization in which I could live and stay sane.
Derek Hough|As someone who has faced as much disappointment as most people, I've come to trust not that events will always unfold exactly as I want, but that I will be fine either way.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|Happiness: being able to forget or, to express in a more learned fashion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|PhD made me poorer, without money, but richer in thoughts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pray, read and mediate on the Scripture. These spiritual deeds are the greatest acts to self-development
E.B. White, The Trumpet of the Swan|Every night, before he turned in, he would write in the book. He wrote about things he had done, things he had seen, and thoughts he had had. Sometimes he drew a picture. He always ended by asking himself a question so he would have something to think about while falling asleep.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Intuition is a gift, an inner power that you can turn to whenever you need it.
Janina Gavankar|Design, to me, is part psychology, part sociology, and part magic. A good decorator should know what's going on in someone's marriage and how their kids are doing in school.
Charbel Tadros|A wise person knows that he should not allow his roots to grow too deep in this world, for the deeper they grow here, the shallower they become in spirituality.
Piper Payne, White Lies|I watched him with wonder like the stars watch the moon, falling in love with every crescent, dark side, and dream.
J.C. Valentine, That First Kiss|What is Destiny? Is it a doctrine formulated by aristocrats and philosophers arguing that there is some unseen driving force predicting the outcomes of every minuscule and life altering moment in one's life? Or is it the artistry illustrated by those under-qualifed and over-eager to give their future meaning and their ambitions hope? Is it a declaration by those who refuse to accept that we are alone in this universe, spinning randomly through a matrix of accidental coincidences? Or is it the assumptions made by those who concede that there is a divine plan or pre-ordained path for each human being,regardless of their current station?I think destiny is a bit of a tease....It's syndical taunts and teases mock those naive enough to believe in its black jack dealing of inevitable futures. Its evolution from puppy dogs and ice cream to razor blades and broken mirrors characterizes the fickle nature of its sordid underbelly. Those relying on its decisive measures will fracture under its harsh rules. Those embracing the fact that life happens at a million miles a minute will flourish in its random grace.Destiny has afforded me the most magical memories and unbelievably tragic experiences that have molded and shaped my life into what it is today...beautiful.I fully accept the mirage that destiny promises and the reality it can produce. Without the invisible momentum carried with its sincere fabrication of coming attraction, destiny is the covenant we rely on to get ourselves through the day. To the destiny I know awaits me, I thank you in advance. Don't cry because it's over....smile because it happened.
Benjamin Bayani, The Nation|If you're not writing, you're wronging.
S.J. Kincaid, The Diabolic|Perhaps scorpions were the only ones who could save each other. Whatever lay ahead, it would always be the two of us above the rest of the universe, and woe to any who dared step in out path.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|You can be spiritual all by yourself. Everybody has a soul. But to be religious, it seems like you need other people, and then sometimes it becomes more about the people than the soul.
Doug Rice, An Erotics of Seeing: The force of photography as philosophy's broken sentence|Time does not heal all wounds; if a man is not careful, time erases wounds. Then what is he left with? The cold and the silence.
Bertrand Russell, Authority and the Individual|And always, in our highly regularised way of life, he is obsessed by thoughts of themorrow. Of all the precepts in the Gospels the one that Christians have most neglected is the commandment to take no thought for the morrow. If a man is prudent, thought for the morrow will lead him to save; if he is imprudent, it will make him apprehensive of being unable to pay his debts. In either case the moment loses its savour. Everything is organised, nothing is spontaneous.
Howard Pyle, The Story of King Arthur and His Knights|Gardeners produce flowers that are delicious dreams, and others too that are like nightmares.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|When Johnny Depp saw it, he was so excited he fluffed up to twice his normal size.
Linda M. Godwin|My type of basketball is about how to create space, how to maneuver, how to get your shot off.
Kelly Moran, The Dysfunctional Test|My heart sped up at the change in him. It was rare that I saw the hard-faced version of Preston standing in front on me. I was used to funny, pain-in-the-ass Preston. Easy-going Preston. The Preston who cuddled me when I needed it and held my hair back when I was throwing up, but before me was I’m-not-taking-this-shit Preston. Oh fuck!” ~ Ella, A Perfect Moment
Les Claypool|Every time you have to make a choice about anything, think "Does this go toward or away from what I want?" Always choose what goes toward what you want.
Will Estes|It is really rare to find someone you really, really love and that you want to spend your life with and all that stuff that goes along with being married. I am one of those lucky people. And I think she feels that way too. So the romantic stuff is easy because you want them to be happy.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|To know that one does not write for the other, to know that these things I am going to write will never cause me to be loved by the one I love (the other), to know that writing compensates for nothing, sublimates nothing, that it is precisely there where you are not--this is the beginning of writing.
Martha Gellhorn|I'm really a very happy, contented little person in spite of my broken heart.
Amiri Baraka|There is a gap in my work from '84 to 2002, 18 years where I stopped writing. I was working at fiction and other things and starting a school and getting married and starting a family, but I wasn't writing poetry for the better part of 15 years.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|Angels should never be exposed to the dire darkness of despair in the tunnel of cosmic nothingness, and although I never believed such maddening thoughts; I couldn't help but feel spiritual in her presence.
William David Hannah, Angels of the Quantum Gate|I went outside. Tried taking in the billions of stars above, lingering long enough to allow each point of light the chance to scratch a deep hole in the back of my retina, so that when I finally did turn to face the dark surrounding forest I thought I saw the billion eyes of a billion cats blinking out, in the math of the living, the sum of the universe, the stories of history , a life older than anyone could have ever imagined. And even after they were gone--fading away together, as if they really were one--something still lingered in those sweet folds of black pine , sitting quietly, almost as if it too were waiting for something to wake.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Relationships: If you put up with it, you’re going to end up with it. Set the standard you want and don’t settle for less.
Henry Johnson Jr|When he spoke, his words came with a confusion which was delightful to hear because one felt that it indicated not so much a defect in his speech as a quality of his soul, as it were a survival from the age of innocence which he had never wholly outgrown.
Idries Shah, Observations|Wisdom is when you understand what, previously, at best you only knew.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Your faithfulness and mercies forever abide,we trust in You Jehovah - Ahavah, The Lord is love.
Alyssa Urbano, The Billion-Dollar Marriage Contract|For him, she was the evil one; the antagonist to his life story. The reason he was married at an early age.And to her, he would always be her infatuation gone horribly wrong.
Anita Diamant|I am as proud to be called a feminist as I am to be called a Jew, or an American. Feminism is an indivisible part of who I am, and I remain mystified by the stigma that has been attached to the idea that women are human beings.It sounds so obvious and simple to me, so motherhood and apple pie. And yet the idea that women are human beings remains news, a message that requires constant, clear, and artful reinforcement in a world that continues to undermine the confidence and abilities of girls and women. On the day that the intelligence and talents of women are fully honored and employed, the human community and the planet itself will benefit in ways we can only being to imagine.
Emma Watson|I believe in rules. Sure I do. If there weren't any rules, how could you break them?
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|Rosencrantz: We might as well be dead. Do you think death could possibly be a boat?Guildenstern: No, no, no... Death is...not. Death isn't. You take my meaning. Death is the ultimate negative. Not-being. You can't not-be on a boat.Rosencrantz: I've frequently not been on boats.Guildenstern: No, no, no--what you've been is not on boats.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|This fellow is wise enough to play the fool;And to do that well craves a kind of wit:He must observe their mood on whom he jests,The quality of persons, and the time,And, like the haggard, check at every featherThat comes before his eye. This is a practiseAs full of labour as a wise man's artFor folly that he wisely shows is fit;But wise men, folly-fall'n, quite taint their wit.
Adrienne Rich, Compulsory Heterosexuality and Lesbian Existence|Punishment? You don’t have any right to punish me. And I can curse. I choose not to most of the time, but don’t think it doesn’t go through my head, asshole. I was trying to give you something. I was trying to give you my body.”“That’s where you fucked up, little girl. I don’t want your body. I want your soul. I want your everything. And I definitely want your orgasms. I want them all. I’ll be a greedy bastard, savoring them and hoarding them all for myself. You wanted to give me your body? I can buy that on a street corner, sweetheart. You’re the one who’s being selfish now.”“How is it selfish to offer to have sex? I don’t understand what you want.” “First off, I want you to stop hiding yourself from me. You’re the one making this tawdry by pretending it’s dirty and not worthy of the light of day.”“I didn’t mean it that way.” “We’re going to do this my way. We tried yours and it didn’t work, so I’m taking control. I should have done it in the first place.
Philip Ball, The Devil's Doctor: Paracelsus and the World of Renaissance Magic and Science|Peasants brought up on a tradition of superstitious magic could hardly be expected to distinguish between such ostensibly Christian rituals and the mumbled incantations of the local wizard. And so, to the discomfort of the priests, many came to regard elements of Christian devotion as simple magical spells. The Latin Mass was, after all, incomprehensible to the common people, so it already had the aspect of an occult formula. It came to be seen, like magic, as an essentially mechanical rite through which absolution was achieved by observing the correct procedures. In that case, there was no real need for faith.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|I suppose we ought to be getting home, in any case.”“Oh god, is it wartime already?”“Look on the bright side: it’ll be dinner when we get back.
Phillip Connors|Ultimately, I found my instincts mirrored in a line from Thoreau: 'My needle...always settles between west and south-southwest. The future lies that way to me, and the earth seems more exhausted and richer on that side.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Avatar|It's the same questions we ask of our existence, and the answer is always the same. The mystery lies not in the question nor the answer, but in the asking and answering themselves, over and over again, and the end is engendered in the beginning. 
Andrea Lee, Lost Hearts in Italy|Sleepless nights, infinite random thoughts, Remembering those moments, he had much to say, an urge to talk to someone, to be cared, to be loved, to be understood !! She was gone by now, And he was lost !! There it was, A white paper note, a pen, and the dark clouds forcing him to spill out !! Yes Words did most of talking, the unsaid words took the paper form .. Strange it was, the way Love was lost somewhere in the Library stacks !!
David J. Schow, Seeing Red|BLOODY LIPSThe bloody woundOf the gladiatorGurgles out life's end.The cries of acclimations from the standsFill the sky with raging tigers.Waving their arms about to incite the massesThe aging notables add an air of dignity to the arena.Making their separate entriestheyKNEELover the still-warm corpsesOf the young. Their withered lips they poseUpon the fresh flowing woundsAnd, to prolong their lives – so they believe,Suck, ravenously suck out the blood, blood, blood.Fresh blood from the sunFlowing into filthy veinsAs into sewage pipes,And thus the Heart of the Nation is abandoned.
Paballo Seipei|He says no in order that He may, in some way we cannot imagine, say yes. All His ways with us are merciful. His meaning is always love.
Maggie Stiefvater, Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception|A symptom," Brendan said, as if love were a disease only humans could catch. But there was something like fondness or respect in his voice. "You're both fools.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|If philosophy gets you lost in the labyrinth of symbols that distance us from reality, then it is part of the problem; if it motivates positive action that can create a better world, philosophy is usually a gift.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|When that bastard calls back, you tell him he’s won this round. I’ll marry him. But I don’t take well to being blackmailed, and tell him I intend to spend the rest of my life making him miserable, got that?
Brandon S. Graham|But it’s still a big fight to get the work you’re really excited about onto shelves. And past that, convincing someone to pay you to do the work that you are most excited about is more than a trick, it’s a fucking scam of a magic trick.
Joyce Carol Oates, Man Crazy|Love may not be enough to wake a child in the morning, dress him, and get him to school, then to feed him at night, bathe him, and put him to bed. Still, can any of us imagine a childhood without it?
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|Whatcha do to Ricky Ricardo? Found him talking real fast in Spanish." "Nothing." She looked at Tony. "He's just moody, and the moodier he gets, the less you can understand him.
Robert G. Ingersoll, On the Gods and Other Essays|If abuses are destroyed, man must destroy them. If slaves are freed, man must free them. If new truths are discovered, man must discover them. If the naked are clothed; if the hungry are fed; if justice is done; if labor is rewarded; if superstition is driven from the mind; if the defenseless are protected and if the right finally triumphs, all must be the work of man. The grand victories of the future must be won by man, and by man alone.
Tony Hawks, Round Ireland with a Fridge|One guy, seeing that I was hungry, insisted on buying me a huge lunch and when I thanked him for his kindness, he simply said, 'Pass it on.' I liked this selfless concept - repay me by rewarding someone else entirely with a generous dollop of goodwill.
Ciputra|Bathtub falls and police officers kill more Americans than terrorism, yet we've been asked to sacrifice our most sacred rights for fear of falling victim to it.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|If I had known what it meant to love, I wouldn't have had children, because once we love, we love forever, like Uncle Two's wife, Step-aunt Two, who can't stop loving her gambler son, the son who is burning up the family fortune like a pyromaniac.
Sami Abouzid|Baby , In your eyes Sweet memories of the good times we had
Zsuzsi Gartner, Better Living Through Plastic Explosives|H.I.V.E. will not tolerate unauthorized violence between students, especially students that have only been here for a matter of hours.""I was just introducing myself," Otto replied innocently. "I'm afraid I appear to have inadvertently offended them somehow.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Without the fear of occasional gaffes, the willingness to be perfectly imperfect, and the heart of a child who creates chaos first thing in the morning for a parent; you are not allowing our inner child to grow. You grow in pain, not in years, and you must cross the bridge without knowing of the pain, the tears, or the trials and tribulations that you will come to have to face, but sweet child of mine, stay the happy child of mine.
Michelle McCullough, Make It Happen|The world needs peak performers like you to set the example of how to accept failures, dust off, and move on with your head held high. Whether you face a business failure, a divorce, a missed opportunity, a lost sale, a fumbled business presentation, or all of the above, own it, learn from it, and envision a successful future.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|Teachers were not allowed to beat children as they did in the past, although, Mma Ramotswe reflected, there were some boys-and indeed some young men-who might have been greatly improved by moderate physical correction. The apprentices, for example: would it help if Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni resorted to physical chastisement-nothing severe, of course-but just an occasional kick in the seat of the pants while they were bending over to change a tyre or something like that? The thought made her smile. She would even offer to administer the kick herself, which she imagined might be oddly satisfying, as one of the apprentices, the one who still kept on about girls, had a largeish bottom which she thought would be quite comfortable to kick. How enjoyable it would be to creep up behind him and kick him when he was least expecting it, and then to say: Let that be a lesson! That was all one would have to say, but it would be a blow for women everywhere.
Bilal Tanweer, The Scatter Here Is Too Great|Reasons were invented, and stories were reasons that allowed us to connect ourselves to the world, to compose ourselves in ways that others could read. Fragments were true but we needed stories greater than fragments. We needed stories in order to imagine the mad world we lived in.
Ivo Andrić, The Bridge on the Drina|... civilization—a word that simply means "living in cities..."Excerpt From: Standage, Tom. “A History of the World In 6 Glasses.
Wilfred Peterson|Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve." 
Linden Morningstar, The Starlight Prophecy|Remember Ping-fa, Sun Tzu,’ Art of War—read between the lines: kick ass and take names later.”MadStargirl
Martina Boone, Compulsion|Because this is my life, the only one I get. And if it's a choice between a life Albilitoled, or a life full of Life... well, that's not really a choice at all.
Malcolm X|If you want to be a great leader, remember to treat all people with respect at all times. For one, because you never know when you'll need their help. And two, because it's a sign you respect people, which all great leaders do.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The illusion, as ego suggests, is that it's about time - mechanical mind; it is not. It is, however, all about conscious space - something [the] soul has always known.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|Our bodies are our vehicles of life. They are ours to take care of. If we aren’t taking care of them, they show signs of stress and wear. If we are taking care of our bodies, they show signs of healing and resiliency. A healthy body is an inspired body, and an inspired body is a happy body.
Otis Teague, Lest We Forget|Make the most of the moments with those you love, it's once upon a person to Live and then Die. Give them the most precious gift of all Time!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Stange how nearsighted being invisible can make you" - said Dumbledore
Abraham J. Twerski, Addictive Thinking: Understanding Self-Deception|All the way home, his wound pulsing with every hearbeat, he had cursed himself for a fool. How could he think she loved him? He had never been loved in his life, save perhaps by Erik and the other men who had served with him across the sea, and that was the love of comrades. He had never known the love of women, just their embrace. Twice he had found tears running down his face...
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading|I also drink Scotch. But I'm not picky. I'll take the victory Scotch, or the Scotch of defeat. Or the rotgut swill.
Joe Torre|It is not likely that posterity will fall in love with us, but not impossible that it may respect or sympathize; so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face.
John Paul II|...all that is carried alongby the stream's silvery cascade,rhythmically falling from the mountain,carried by its own current--carried where?
Amit Kalantri|Too many leaders fancy themselves on being philosophers, but not enough pride themselves on decisive action.
C.J. Redwine, The Wish Granter|Sometimes having courage means the hardest tasks fall onto your shoulders, and those leave the biggest scars.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|I forgot my purse of laughter when I dressed this mornin'," she told me. "Have you not bought anythin' the last few days? Prices have gone up. Pay or starve, it's all one to me.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Oh, everything is gorgeous once it's gone.
L.M. Browning|Evil demons dwelling in underworlds, Gods sitting on-high, angels battling and protecting. We have become so wrapped up in these stories, and in the in-fighting between the different religions, that the reality of the matter has gone unseen and unresolved. We—humanity—must move out of this adolescence, put down the fairy tales, and take responsibility for our actions. There is no devil to blame, and there is no God to plead to. There is simply you and the choices you make each day—choices that will either make you a force of good in this world or an ill-presence. People are the evil in this world, and likewise we are the divine. “Evil”—all that is detrimental to humanity—has come about as a result of poor choices and, by the same hand, the divine—the immortal goodness—endures as a result of loving, compassionate choices. Heaven is created here—on this earth—by a community of compassionate people, and Hell is created here—on this earth—by a community of greedy, self-centered, apathetic people. Our small choices define the greater picture.
Tamora Pierce|I decided that, if I were to write a teen series, I'd want to set it in a place that was familiar to me - Manhattan, where I'd grown up - and I'd model the characters on myself and my friends.
Alan Watts|Broadcast your message, not your emotions...!!
Jim Evans|What I'm primarily responsible for is products. Everything is developed with my personal involvement. Second is client communication. Everything to do with product and consumer is my primary focus. I also deal with everything which relates to investment and partnership. Distribution, finance, administration, I don't do.
Srinivas Shenoy|There might be bits and pieces of us that I don't like or that drive me up the wall, but at the end of the say, it's who we are. I'm going to make the best of what we have.
Steve Carell|What a contrast, Trump is feisty but flexible. Obama, cool but rigid. But he had no reason to bend. The media already bought into his shtick. His giddy fan base ate up every white-coated lie.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Women's work, married or unmarried, is menial and low paid. Women's right to possess property is curtailed, more if they are married. How can marriage provide security? In any case a husband is a possession which can be lost or stolen and the abandoned wife of thirty odd with a couple of children is far more desolate and insecure in her responsibility than an unmarried woman with or without children ever could be.
Ray Bradbury|I don't believe in colleges and universities. I believe in libraries because most students don't have any money. When I graduated from high school, it was during the Depression and we had no money. I couldn't go to college, so I went to the library three days a week for 10 years.
Monika Zands|I used to give advice, and no one wanted it. Now I give suggestions and everyone asks for more.
Noam Chomsky|Is there innocence in ignorance? And if there is, do we tolerate other for their innocence's sake?
Liz Kessler, Read Me Like a Book|Anyway, I do not want you thinking that I or Addie or Joe or Skeezie feel sorry for ourselves. We do not. Other people may call us names or think we're weird or whatever, but that does not mean we believe them. We may be misfits, but we're okay. Leastwise, in our own eyes we are, and that's all that matters.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|She says that each of us has his or her role in life, and if we know ourselves well enough to understand what that role is, we will be happy doing nothing but what we can do best.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|Reality is the raw material, language is the way I go in search of it - and the way I do not find it. But it is from searching and not finding that what I did not know was born, and which I instantly recognise. Language is my human effort. My destiny is to search and my destiny is to return empty-handed. But - I return with the unsayable. The unsayable can only be given to me through the failure of my language. Only when the construction fails, can I obtain what I could not achieve.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|The Self Care Formula is simple-NITO(5R). Nutrients In & Toxins Out in the 5 Realms (Mental, Emotional, Physical, Environmental, Spiritual).
Ranbir Kapoor|No water, no life. No blue, no green.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|And I tell you what, L.J.; you see all these people you haven't seen for twenty years, and there's this split second when you meet somebody you used to know, and you think 'My God, he's changed!,'and then all of a sudden, he hasn't- it's just like the twenty years weren't there, I mean" he rubbed his head vigorously, struggling for meaning--"you see they've got some gray, and some lines, and maybe they aren't just the same as they were, but two minutes past that shock, and you don't see it anymore. They are just the same people they always were, and you have to make yourself stand back a ways to see that they aren't eighteen anymore
Debasish Mridha|When your heart is dancing with love, you are with God, and that is your love.
Daniel Radcliffe|Yeah, I'm kind of fit. And I'm quite careful about my diet.
Hafsa Shah|Opera cuts to the chase—as death does. An art which seeks, more obviously than any other form, to break your heart.
Shaun Hick|Eyes so young, so full of pain ... Two lonely drops of winter rain ... And no tear could these eyes sustain ... For too much had they seen.
Steven Swift|A person whom works exclusively for money places a price tag on his or her soul. A person whom labors to attain fame seeks a false form of adulation. The writer ignores the lure of a glamorous life by seeking to penetrate the darkness of their own being and meditate the larger issues that frame existence. A seeker knowingly follows a path that is barren, bleak, desolate, and unproductive in terms of attaining recognition and exulted social and financial status.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|Fear of death, wonder at the causes of chance events or unintelligible happenings, hope for divine aid and gratitude for good fortune, cooperated to generate religious belief.
Nora Roberts, The Pagan Stone|I think you're under no obligation whatsoever to forgive anything, to forget anything. You're not required to push away the years of abuse because the abuser now chooses to be sober and in his sobriety regrets his actions. And white may be small and unforgiving of me, I think people who do so at the snap of a dam finger are either liars or are in need of serious therapy. I assume you heard him out, so in my personal opinion, any debt you might owe for your existence is now paid in full. It may be fashionable to hold that terrible actions are indeed terrible, but that hte person inflicting them isn't responbile due to alcohol, drugs, DNA, or GD PMS. He damn well was responsible, and if you decided to loathe him for the rest of your life, I wouldn't blame you for it. How's that?" (Cybil to Gage - she ROCKS)
Catherine Deneuve|A woman has to be intelligent, have charm, a sense of humor, and be kind. It's the same qualities I require from a man.
Henry Kravis|I've always believed that the facts about dancing are more interesting than the myths, and this was a great chance for me to explore how the human body does such incredible things.
Marianne Williamson|I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|To commune with your heart and soul, be willing to go out of your mind.
Linda Lael Miller, A Creed In Stone Creek|Ban privileges. The rules of the game should be the same to all players, regardless of their size, location, or any other criteria
Wilfred Funk|The more words you know, the more clearly and powerfully you will think...and the more ideas you will invite into your mind.
Shamsur Rahman Faruqi, The Mirror of Beauty|...her own restless coveting of his love and the slow but sure ebullience of her desire for him; then the Nawab's martydom and her spiritual homelessness and physical loneliness; there was so much, so many portraits and landscapes, like the bright pages of an album of words and pictures. They filled her heart overflowing with the tangy, coppery taste of blood that flows from failure, and pricked her soul with nostalgia, for what was and what could have been. She had never thought that happy memories could come accompanied with so much regret, so much pain, so much repining, and discontent. If you plucked a rose without due care, its thorn pricked you to protest the thoughtlessness and the inconsiderateness you had displayed in taking away its crowning glory. Here, it was nothing else but the rose which was the thorn: its each and every petal was saturated with the scents of the past but it stung like the scorpion plant. But was it possible not to touch those memories? For their scents traveled in and out of your being like breath, and their colours were inside every blink of your eye.
Uday Kotak|I would do the morning show and then just walk over to the network side of the building here at ABC in New York and sit down and start it up again and introduce the 10 contestants, and then introduce the 10 - the fastest finger question, and pick one of them, put them in the seat before you finally got to asking them the questions.
Dustin Milligan|In the public, it seems to be painted that when minorities get pregnant, they need to get abortions, especially when it comes to teen pregnancy. It's like, when black girls are pregnant, it's like a statistic, but when white girls get pregnant, they get a TV show.
|Success doesn't happen by mistake. You have to strategically plan it first, and then consistently visualize its manifestation in your mind, while tirelessly working it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.
Andy Roddick|I wanna work; I love so much making films; I hope I can do one after the other. Being on set is what makes me happy, so... The more I can, the better.
Audrey Hepburn|He laughs again and I want to eat his laughter, be nourished by it, feel it in my blood.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|It may seem humble to belittle yourself, but it is every bit as arrogant as grandiosity. Just as it is impossible to be more than you were created to be, it is also impossible to be less. When we pretend to be more or less, we are destined to search for wholeness everywhere except where it actually resides—within.
Sunday Adelaja|The right priorities in planning will help you to avoid fuss, tiredness and overwork
Annette Bridges, The Gospel According to Mamma|Age brings maturity, experience ripens it.
Blake Mycoskie|Every relationship has its own language. It takes a long time to evolve and read one another. Just as it's true for people, it's also true on a national or cultural level.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|One good deed is more worth than a thousand brilliant theories. Let us not wait for large opportunities, or for a different kind of work, but do just the things we "find to do" day by day.
Debasish Mridha|I am ceaselessly waiting for you in the burning fire of waiting forever. It may not end today, tomorrow, or ever.
Kusum Manjeshri|If you truly love something, you should set it free. If it comes back.. Lock them in cage and throw the key. If it doesn’t then.. Damn them to Hell.
Karen Armstrong, The Spiral Staircase: My Climb Out of Darkness|If your understanding of the divine made you kinder, more empathetic, and impelled you to express sympathy in concrete acts of loving-kindness, this was good theology. But if your notion of God made you unkind, belligerent, cruel, of self-righteous, or if it led you to kill in God's name, it was bad theology. 
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|I appreciate the gesture, but you don't have to undress in order to apologize
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|The courageous testimony of Dr. Faust that a maiden's smile is more precious than history, philosophy, education, religion, law, politics,economics, and all the other branches of learning. Learning is another name for vanity. It is the effort of human beings not to be human beings.
Debasish Mridha|When I tried to understand consciousness, I found out how simple it was, but we try to make it so complicated.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Come, my darling,it is never too late to begin our love again.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|As I see the world, there's one element that's even more corrosive than missionaries: tourists. It's not that I feel above them in any way, but that the very places they patronize are destroyed by their affection.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Um...Mercer? Haven't seen you in nearly a month. I was expecting something like, 'Oh Cross, love of my heart, fire of my loins, how I've longed--
Tanya Masse|The world can accommodate your situation, as it accommodates all situations. And your body will keep explaining to you how it all works, this original experiment, this lifelong gift. Your body will keep describing how, for the first time being at least, there is no escape from this particular vessel. These are your atoms. This is your consciousness. These are your experiences--your successes and mistakes. This is your first and final chance, your one and only biography. This is the existential container, the bowl of your life's soup, wherein something can be made sense of, wherein there is a cure, wherein you are.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|We stood side by side, and for that minute, in the stillness of that room, he was not the King. I was not not the Princess, taken against her will to the City. We were two people trying to forget.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person has wisdom, then he will also have the anointing. But sometimes a person with theanointing may not have much wisdom.
William Henry Hudson, Far Away and Long Ago|We were hereAnd our memories are as dear to us as every slow motion moment or held breathSo remember every instance before deathEvery first kiss, first dance, near miss, last chance, yes, no, maybe soLet us go the distance once moreLet us remember all the moments that were and were notLike the point is something we can get and what we can get is what we gotBecause all we have are the times between the moments we connect each dotSo live and rememberBurn like an ember capable of starting firesLike each moment inspires the nextLike memories are the context we put ourselves inSo that life becomes the next of kin we need to notify in case of a big bang or Extinction level eventLet now be our adventLet us live like we meant itLet us burn like we mean itBecause this world doesn't give a shit if we end in a train wreck or a car crashIf our story ends with a dot or dashIf we were dust or ashBecause all we were is all we’ll beAnd all we are is the in-between of so far, so goodSo forget every would, could, or should notForget remembering how we forgotLive like a plot twist exists now and in memoryBecause we burn brightOur light leaves scars on the sunLet no one say we will be undone by time's passingThe memories we are amassing will stand as testamentThat somehow we bent minds around the conceptThat we see others within ourselvesThat self-knowledge can't be found on bookshelvesSo who we are has no bearing on how we appearLook directly into every mirrorRealize our reflection is the first sentence to a storyAnd our story starts:"We were here."﻿
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.
Paddy Chayefsky, The Latent Heterosexual|LoreleiIt is no night to drown in:A full moon, river lapsingBlack beneath bland mirror-sheen,The blue water-mists droppingScrim after scrim like fishnetsThough fishermen are sleeping,The massive castle turretsDoubling themselves in a glassAll stillness. Yet these shapes floatUp toward me, troubling the faceOf quiet. From the nadirThey rise, their limbs ponderousWith richness, hair heavierThan sculptured marble. They singOf a world more full and clearThan can be. Sisters, your songBears a burden too weightyFor the whorled ear's listeningHere, in a well-steered country,Under a balanced ruler.Deranging by harmonyBeyond the mundane order,Your voices lay siege. You lodgeOn the pitched reefs of nightmare,Promising sure harborage;By day, descant from bordersOf hebetude, from the ledgeAlso of high windows. WorseEven than your maddeningSong, your silence. At the sourceOf your ice-hearted calling-Drunkenness of the great depths.O river, I see driftingDeep in your flux of silverThose great goddesses of peace.Stone, stone, ferry me down there.
Patricia Sprinkle|Miranda looked up at him through a haze of desire, her will consumed by a fierce crackling heat, just like the dry twigs of the old woman's fire.
Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK|What most people don't realize is that when you decide to write and publish a book, it's not for stardom, or for fame, it's because you have a story that's inside of you that is dying to get out! You don't just come up with it one day, it's a thought that evolves into something unimaginable beautiful...
Debasish Mridha|For thy love, I feel ineffable joy.
Mary Oliver, Upstream: Selected Essays|The tunnel of winter had settled over our lives, ushered in by that great official Hoodwink, the end of daylight saving time. Personally I would vote for one more hour of light on winter evenings instead of the sudden, extra-early blackout. Whose idea was it to jilt us this way, leaving us in cold November with our unsaved remnants of daylight petering out before the workday ends? In my childhood, as early as that, I remember observing the same despair every autumn: the feeling that sunshine, summertime, and probably life itself had passed me by before I'd even finished a halfway decent tree fort. But mine is not to question those who command the springing forward and the falling back. I only vow each winter to try harder to live like a potato, with its tacit understanding that time is time, no matter what any clock might say. I get through the hibernation months by hovering as close as possible to the woodstove without actual self-immolation, and catching up on my reading, cheered at regular intervals by the excess of holidays that collect in a festive logjam at the outflow end of our calendar.
Graham McNamee|I almost feel bad for declining, but I feel more terrible that I can’t stop looking at how his chest rises and falls with each of his frustrated breaths.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|People say they miss the deceased. I missed my father and my mother when they were still fully alive. They travelled through my childhood in the same way they moved around the hotel: my mother industrious, hurried, hidden; my father drunk, flamboyant, alone.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Surrender|Nick spoke for the first time. "Can I go to the nurse's office too?" Ms. Popplewell looked at him It obviously took her only one look to decide. "No.""I'm traumatized too," Nick claimed, his voice completely flat."He's a delicate flower," Alan said under his breath.
Matthew W. Sanford|I've never known someone to become more at home in his or her own body, in all of its flaws and its grace, without becoming more compassionate to all of life.
Lili St. Crow|Discipline allows magic. To be a writer is to be the very best of assassins. You do not sit down and write every day to force the Muse to show up. You get into the habit of writing every day so that when she shows up, you have the maximum chance of catching her, bashing her on the head, and squeezing every last drop out of that bitch.
Rebecca Scott, Hustling 101: Selling Your Talents Without Selling Your Soul|If we're talented at music, that talent is of god.  If something makes our heart sing, that's god's way of telling us its a contribution he wants us to make.  Sharing our gifts is what makes us happy. We're most powerful and god's power is most apparent on the earth when we're happy. A course in miracles teaches that we are only truly happy when we're doing god's will.  The only thing to be saved from is our own negativity and fear.  The crux of salvation in any area is a shift in our sense of purpose.  That shift is a miracle, as always we consciously ask for it:  'Dear god, please give my life some sense of purpose. use me as an instrument of your peace.  Use my talents and abilities to spread love.  I surrender my job to you. Help me to remember that my real job is to love the world back to health.
Bono|After doing a juice cleanse, I'm motivated to eat healthier and not emotionally. Cleansing is like my meditation. It makes me stop, focus and think about what I'm putting into my body. I'm making a commitment to my health and hitting the reset button.
Guy Fieri|I absolutely don't relate to being beaten down my whole life - I had amazing opportunities at a young age - but there is still in many, many people's minds the notion that I'll never be able to escape Harry Potter.
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|Advice to young Samuel Gompers that might apply in many other areas: "Learn from socialism, but don't join it.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|...as if in rebellion, certain emotions become amplified at the exact moments when you are expected not to feel them at all.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|A writer reports on the universe. When he presents his credentials, the gates of heaven and hell are equally opened to him. He can hear the devil’s defense and god’s accusations. The guards at the king’s heart let him in. The writer can be anything and any one he wants. When he writes he is a god, he creates.
Phil Klay|It’s a powerful moment, when you discover a vocabulary exists for something you’d thought incommunicably unique. Personally, I felt it reading Joseph Conrad’s “Lord Jim.” I have friends who’ve found themselves described in everything from science fiction to detective novels. This self-recognition through others is not simply a by-product of art — it’s the whole point.
William  O'Brien, Peter: A Darkened Fairytale|I am here because I have to be here, as here I am supposed to be! All things should be, and usually are, found in their rightful places. Can you imagine how chaotic the world would be if nothing was in its correct place?
Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm|There is a wisdom in children, a kind of knowing, a kind of believing, that we, as adults, do not have. There is a time when a kingdom needs its children.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Once you are dressed there may be still more you can do to enhance, complement, or complete your look. Simply changing your accessories will change your entire impression.
John Dryden|We first make our habits, then our habits make us.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|The house in the story is based on my friend Tori's house in Kinsale, Ireland, which is obviously not actually haunted, and the sound of people upstairs moving wardrobes around when you are downstairs there and alone is probably just something that old houses do when they think they are unobserved.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|But I couldn't absorb the idea that death could actually walk by my side, with a human face and a heart that was poisoned with hatred.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|Unlike sharing, where the group is mainly an aggregate of participants, cooperating creates group identity.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|The country people, indeed, did not always clearly distinguish between the Fairies and the dead. They called them both the 'Silent People'; and the Milky Way they thought was the path along which the dead were carried to Fairyland.
Mike Rogers|The so-called modern education, with all its defects, however, does others so much more good than it does the Negro, because it has been worked out in conformity to the needs of those who have enslaved and oppressed weaker peoples.
Truman Capote|Fitzgerald has charm. It's a silly word, but it's an exact word for me. I like 'The Great Gatsby' and it's sad, gay nostalgia.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|He smoothed his fingers along her jawline and lifted her chin, kissing her gently, testing.	Lindsey went light-headed with the rush of sensation, the touch of his lips leaving her longing for more. Clutching his shirt in her fingers - napkin and all - she pulled him closer, melting into his kiss. Carden took it from tentative to tender, then parted her lips with the velvety sweep of his tongue. She matched his languid rhythm, hypnotized. He was all chocolate and caramel, creamy cool and sweet.	'Sinfully delicious'.	No doubt he was 31 flavors of trouble, but resisting him seemed impossible.
Lisa Kessler, Night Walker|He stared down at her for a moment, wanting to heal everycut on her soft skin. But he couldn’t, not yet. He needed to get her,and her car, far from this place so neither he nor Kate would beimplicated in any way with the gruesome murder site.It also meant he would have to drive.In all his years, he had never driven an automobile. The closest hehad come was watching various assistants through the years as theychauffeured him. He wasn’t sure he could even remember how tostart the car, but right now he had no choice.Grudgingly, he got into the driver’s seat, and finding the leverunderneath, he pushed it back so he sat comfortably behind thewheel. After trying three different keys, he found one that slipped intothe ignition.From what he had seen over the past hundred years, driving wasnot a complex operation, and he was an immortal with reflexes farmore keen than a human man.How difficult could it be?He turned the key and nearly jerked the wheel off the steeringcolumn when the car surprised him by lurching forward. The car wentsilent. The engine wasn’t running. What was he doing wrong?He stared at the gearshift, wondering if he should move it. Hisfrustration reared up, but his agitation would not make the car driveitself. He had to keep a cool head.Not knowing what else to try, he pushed one of the pedals at hisfeet to the floor and turned the key again. This time the car didn’tmove, and it roared to life. Grasping the gearshift, he jammed it intothe first position and glanced over at Kate.Why couldn’t she have owned a car with an automatictransmission?Shaking his head, he put some pressure on the gas pedal andslowly released the clutch. Thankfully the car rolled a few feet, butwithout warning it jumped forward. He pressed the clutch back to thefloor before the engine lost power again.Calisto slammed his hand against the wheel, muttering under hisbreath in Spanish. At this rate it would take him all night to drive herhome.The faded yellow convertible pitched forward again, threateningto stall as he continued out of the parking lot, thankful it was late. Thestreets were fairly empty. At least he wouldn’t get into an accidentwith another car. Her car staggered ahead, lurching each time hetried to release the clutch, bouncing and jostling them both until Katefinally stirred and woke up.§“Are we out of gas or something?”Calisto watched her with a tight smile. “Not exactly.”Kate winced in pain when she laughed. “You can’t drive a stickshift,can you?”“Does it show?” Calisto pulled over, finally allowing the engine tostall.She nodded her head slowly to avoid more pain. “Just a little.What happened?”“You don’t remember?”“I remember being mugged. And I remember seeing you, buteverything after that is blank.” She watched his eyes as Calistoreached over to brush her hair back from her face, and his touch sentshivers through her body. This wasn’t how she had hoped she wouldrun into him, but she learned a long time ago fate didn’t always workout the way you expected.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|He grinned: he’d turned in time to witness her delicate white shoulders dip below the water’s surface. Thankfully, she quickly completed her morning’s ablutions and made a shooing motion with her hands. Back turned again, he waited for her to dress, all the while telling his privy counselor to cease its repeated suggestions.
Tucker Max, I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell|He said that life boils down to standing in line to get shit dropped on your head. Everyone's got a place in the queue, you can't get out of it, and just when you start to congratulate yourself on surviving your dose of shit, you discover that the line is actually circular.
Barbara B. Rollins|After the brain surgery, I started the hard process of recovery.
Bernard Baruch|Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.
Michael R. Kitay|So I was just thinking about how something happened today and it was quite insightful, humbling and puts things into perspective. If you look at anything, everything has it's 'story' so to speak. For instance, for me to even write this status requires an obscene amount of processes (essentially limitless). Just the biological processes that have to take place are in the trillions. Then you add the technological component, the psychology behind it(self-awareness/consciousness). Then you start looking at the macro factors behind it which include how I came into existence, how life came to be for that to occur, how earth came to be, the sun, the solar system, the galaxy, universe...etc. So the odds for all those things to occur for me to write a simple (or not so simply) status like this....is pretty fucking incredible to say the least.
Camilo Gomes Jr.|NOTHING MAKES SENSE. Do not look for any sense in things. It is not there. It is you who ascribe it to what you live or get to know. A defeat or a victory is neither a message from the gods nor a trick of fate. Neither means anything — and, if they seem to, it is but an interpretation you yourself make of them —, inasmuch as things in themselves are only indifference and silence. So, do not waste your precious time in looking for signs everywhere around you. Try and interpret happenings, those which bleed and those which make you smile, as maturing experiences. Oh, yes, what is most important: live!
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|There is neither a proportional relationship, nor an inverse one, between a writer’s estimation of a work in progress & its actual quality. The feeling that the work is magnificent, & the feeling that it is abominable, are both mosquitoes to be repelled, ignored, or killed, but not indulged.
Leslie Jamison|Late one night, during a toss-and-turn fretful sleep, I pondered my crisis. No solutions were on the horizon. I, again, wasted my psychic energy with prayer. Nothing. No angel on a white cloud. No rainbow’s pot of gold. No way to control the people I loved. As I rolled over and put the pillow over my head attempting to block all that was negative, I silently screamed for rescue. Then, in a far away and distinct part of my brain, a small voice said, “You have to do this on your own.”I thought, “Was that the best You can do?” This god, to whom I was desperately sending burnt offerings of my own humiliation, couldn’t send an avenging angel or a wise man imparting wisdom? All You can give me is this feeble message of abandonment? At that moment, I quit believing in that god.
Sophia Nikolaidou, The Scapegoat|May I ask you a highly personal question?""It's what life does all the time.
Anthony Venn-Brown, A Life of Unlearning - one man's journey to find the truth|As we become the distant past, you become a future few of us would have imagined.
Ashton Eaton|When I was young, my dad, a veteran who attended college on the GI Bill, lost his job at age 55 when the company he worked for was sold. My entire family pitched in - my mom took in sewing, and I got a minimum wage job after school.
Anaximenes|My feeling is that an observer needs to see four hundred and fifty stars to get that feeling of infinitude, and be swept away…and I didn’t make that number up arbitrarily, that’s the number of stars that are available once you get dimmer than third magnitude. So in the city, you see a dozen stars, a handful, and it’s attractive to no one. And if there’s a hundred stars in the sky it still doesn’t do it. There’s a certain tipping point where people will look and there will be that planetarium view. And now you’re touching that ancient core, whether it’s collective memories or genetic memories, or something else form way back before we were even human…astronomer Bob Berman quoted in The End of Night
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Proper posture conveys that you are ready to take command and master new situations. When you project this level of confidence, you will instill confidence in others.
Subhan Zein|I can no longer trust in this loveIt has fallen like the saints aboveAll because of your sweet liesYou sang them like a lullaby"Phoenix
Conrad Hilton|She could not descend to an existence where her brain would explode under the pressure of forcing itself not to outdistance incompetence. She could not function to the rule of: Pipe down-keep down-slow down-don't do your best, it is not wanted!
Jeff Foxworthy|I am alone a lot, which is good. I need that time to just be alone after a long day, just decompress. So, I go to either my house or the hotel, or my apartment, or whatever - wherever I am, I go home and I watch TV and I sit there, with my cat, and I just watch TV or go online, check my emails.
Donella Meadows|The way to make the world a better place, through your eating, is simply to eat a bit less meat. Local is sometimes good, sometimes bad. But even when it's good, its environmental impact is relatively small compared to other possible improvements.
Deyth Banger|Winston Churchill once said "Never Give Up", little pause..... "Never Give Up" and again pause.... "Never Give Up". This 9 Words, said about success (Bob Proctor from Confidence!)
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|What makes humans human is precisely that they do not know the future. That is why they do the fateful and amusing things they do: who can say how anything will turn out? Therein lies the only hope for redemption, discovery, and-let’s be frank—fun, fun, fun! There might be things people will get away with. And not just motel towels. There might be great illicit loves, enduring joy, faith-shaking accidents with farm machinery. But you have to not know in order to see what stories your life’s efforts bring you. The mystery is all.
Sherry Turkle|This is a new nonnegotiable: to feel safe, you have to be connected.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Shane lingered over a sickly sweet bit of doggerel comparing accepting Christ into one’s life with turning a pumpkin into a Jack-o-Lantern. “It sounds like God is seriously going to mutilate you.”Roselyn took the pamphlet from Shane, her eyes flickering over the text. “I always pictured it a bit more like a lobotomy than an evisceration.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|The crowd was getting hysterical, so I reached into my back pocket and flippe open my wallet to reveal my badge. "Official business," I announced. "Please leave the area." This had the desired effect; it deescalated the mood and prompted most of the crowd to disperse. It's funny what a plastic badge and a meaningless phrase can do. The authority of the police is anothe mass delusion that can be useful at times. I hadn't even needed to claim I was a cop; all it took was a couple of simple cues to invoke the delusion.
Debasish Mridha|A great teacher is one that helps their students to become great. In return, the students appreciate the teacher for their success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A call to duty, a call for service.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|I'll be your minister--""Of the exchequer? You'd rob me blind.""I would never steal from you," he'd said hotly."Oh? Where is my tourmaline necklace? Where are my missing earrings?""That necklace was hideous. It was the only way to keep you from wearing it.""My earrings?""What earrings?
Steeven Shaw|One of the hardest things in life is to have words we want to say but for many reasons we have to keep these words deep down in our soul and sometimes, we have to find another way to spread our message.
George Orwell, Coming Up for Air|I suppose there hasn’t been a single month since the war, in any trade you care to name, in which there weren’t more men than jobs. It’s brought a peculiar, ghastly feeling into life. It’s like on a sinking ship when there are nineteen survivors and fourteen lifebelts. But is there anything particularly modern in that, you say? Has it anything to do with the war? Well, it feels as if it had. The feeling that you’ve got to be everlastingly fighting and hustling, that you’ll never get anything unless you grab it from somebody else, that there’s always somebody after your job, that next month or the month after they’ll be reducing staff and it’s you that’ll get the bird – that, I swear, didn’t exist in the old life before the war.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Rather than relying on a notebook, you should work with two spreadsheets on your computer; you use one to list all the companies you’re aware of in the field or fields you’re interested in and the other to list every single contact you have.
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|Brave? Or stupid?"Roger shrugged. "I've never been quite sure where brave stopped and stupid began, myself.
Mstislav Rostropovich|Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, we're becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I don't think the desire for that magic will ever go away.
Simon Ewins|Paul is a liar, he said so. (Romans 3:7.)
R.A.Delmonico|Don't you believe people when they tell you that people sought for a sign, and believed in miracles because they were ignorant. They did it because they were wise, filthily, vilely wise—too wise to eat or sleep or put on their boots with patience.
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|A misery is not to be measured from the nature of the evil, but from the temper of the sufferer.
Rossana Condoleo|Never tell a mother how she has to raise her children and give no advice over their schooling, health or nutrition if you are not asked to.
Aireen Pontillo|You and I were meant to be together, even if we weren't meant to be happy.
Neil Postman|Ah, art! Ah, life! The pendulum swinging back and forth, from complex to simple, again to complex. From romantic to realistic, back to romantic. 
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|Even after centuries of human interacting, children still continue to rebel against their parents and siblings. Young marrieds look upon their in-laws and parents as obstacles to their independence and growth. Parents view their children as selfish ingrates. Husbands desert their wives and seek greener fields elsewhere. Wives form relationships with heroes of soap operas who vicariously bring excitement and romance into their empty lives. Workers often hate their bosses and co-workers and spend miserable hours with them, day after day. On a larger scale, management cannot relate with labour. Each accuses the other of unreasonable self-interests and narrow-mindedness. Religious groups often become entrapped, each in a provincial dogma resulting in hate and vindictiveness in the name of God. Nations battle blindly, under the shadow of the world annihilation, for the realization of their personal rights. Members of these groups blame rival groups for their continual sense of frustration, impotence, lack of progress and communication. We have obviously not learned much over the years. We have not paused long enough to consider the simple truth that we humans are not born with particular attitudinal sets regarding other persons, we are taught into them. We are the future generation's teachers. We are, therefore, the perpetrators of the confusion and alienation we abhor and which keeps us impotent in finding new alternatives. It is up to us to diligently discover new solutions and learn new patterns of relating, ways more conducive to growth, peace, hope and loving coexistence. Anything that is learned can be unlearned and relearned. In this process called change lies our real hope.
John Green, Paper Towns|I hated the place, Tommy. I hated every second of every day. And it was all … your … fault!
Joseph J. Ellis, The Quartet: Orchestrating the Second American Revolution, 1783-1789|One excuse, could destroy a multitude of chances.
Dwight L. Moody|The Church was not left in this world to perfume the dung-heap of fallen humanity, but to take out, one by one, those who will be saved from the coming destruction.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|My arms sometimes move on their own in big flapping motions, as if I might take off, and my hands spin like a hummingbird’s wings.
Jorge Luis Borges|The three of them knew it. She was Kafka’s mistress. Kafka had dreamt her. The three of them knew it. He was Kafka’s friend. Kafka had dreamt him. The three of them knew it. The woman said to the friend, Tonight I want you to have me. The three of them knew it. The man replied: If we sin, Kafka will stop dreaming us. One of them knew it. There was no longer anyone on earth. Kafka said to himself Now the two of them have gone, I’m left alone. I’ll stop dreaming myself.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Our enemies had a tendency to take one look at Charlotte, with her short, slim figure and her pretty, delicate Asian features, and assume she was weak. A low level threat.Ten seconds later, the look of surprise on his face as he lay on his back, winded, eyes rolled up and watching her support Kate towards the stairs, said he'd possibly learnt his lesson. Never judge a book by it's cover.
Saint Paul the Apostle, Letters of Saint Paul|Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I have become sounding brass or a clanging cymbal; and though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.Love suffers long and is kind; love does not envy; love does not parade itself, is not puffed up; does not behave rudely, does not seek its own, is not provoked, thinks no evil; does not rejoice in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.Love never fails. But whether there are prophecies, they will fail; whether there are tongues, they will cease; whether there is knowledge, it will vanish away. For we know in part, and prophesy in part.But when that which is perfect has come, then that which is in part will be done away. When I was a child, I spoke as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child; but when I became a man, I put away childish things.For now we see in a mirror, dimly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then I shall know just as I also am known.And now abide faith, hope, love, these three; but the greatest of these is love.
The Subject Tonight Is Love: 60 Wild and Sweet Poems of Hafiz|Sentiment has never been unpopular except with a few sick persons who are made sicker by the sight of a child, a glimpse of a wedding, or the thought of a happy home.
Nikki Bella|Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|It's SO much worse in high school! People talk about who's dating with such GRAVITY, like they're talking about wikileaks.
Roseanne Barr|The most out-there thing I’m saying is, ‘Don’t have babies. Don’t get married and have kids. Have a larger life than that.
Léopold Sédar Senghor, The Collected Poetry|New York! I say New York, let black blood flow into your blood.Let it wash the rust from your steel joints, like an oil of life Let it give your bridges the curve of hips and supple vines. Now the ancient age returns, unity is restored, The recociliation of the Lion and Bull and Tree Idea links to action, the ear to the heart, sign to meaning. See your rivers stirring with musk alligators And sea cows with mirage eyes. No need to invent the Sirens. Just open your eyes to the April rainbow And your eyes, especially your ears, to God Who in one burst of saxophone laughter Created heaven and earth in six days, And on the seventh slept a deep Negro sleep.
Akul Singh|At the end, we will arrive where we started.
Kay Bailey Hutchison|I am proud of the President's leadership. I am proud to support him in saying: Yes, we are going to do what is necessary now when it is less painful and less expensive.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|This is just the way life is – sometimes cruel, sometimes beautiful, all the time confusing and frightening and exhilarating – and we just have to deal with it. That’swhat freedom is.
Isabel Allende|Some people say they feel very small when they think about space. I felt more expansive, very connected to the universe.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Draco Malfoy is a bad boy!" squeaked Dobby angrily.
Mutant Enemy, Buffy the Vampire Slayer|The hardest thing in this world, is to live in it.
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|What have the nibblers ever done for you?"The breeze ruffled her hair, pushing it back from her face, giving him a clear shot of her eyes. They were asking for an answer. Needing to know if she could count on him."They saved your life," he said.And for just a moment, Luxa's face softened and she smiled.
James Dashner|Religious symbols should be visible in public space, in a dignified and non-provocative manner. Christmas trees here, Jewish menorahs there and, further along, a minaret - these symbols represent human life in all its diversity.
Debasish Mridha|Love others as much as you can, as often as you can, and as deeply as you can. Never forget to love yourself.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|When you know yourself, mirrors turn to glass.
Sara Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Tell me what you want, Mads.""You," she said in a shaky whisper. "I want you, Ronan.
Robert Charles Wilson, Darwinia|I won't put my ignorance on an altar and call it God. It feels like idolatry, like the worst kind of idolatry.
Arlen Specter|The minute anyone's getting anxious I say, You must eat and you must sleep. They're the two vital elements for a healthy life.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|What do you think it would have been like if Valentine had brought you up along with me? Would you have loved me?"Clary was very glad she had put her cup down, because if she hadn't, she would have dropped it.Sebastian was looking at her not with any shyness or the sort of natural awkwardness that might be attendant on such a bizarre question, but as if she were a curious, foreign life-form."Well," she said. "You're my brother. I would have loved you. I would have...had to.
Charlotte Eriksson|It’s January and I’m kicking snow off the ground. I just threw out the flower you made me promise to water, handle with care, because I was too careless, you said. Careless with things and people, around me and behindand I remember being still for just a second or two, thinking that it’s so much easier to leave and start anew, than take care of what’s already here.
G.K. Chesterton, The Autobiography of G.K. Chesterton|To move forward, simply set your intentions, be grateful for what you have, be open to what is possible, and the rest will happen, as a beautiful and effortless journey of cooperation and listening.
Sellapan Ramanathan|There is in every child at every stage a new miracle of vigorous unfolding, which constitutes a new hope and a new responsibility for all.
Gary Cohn|I teach one semester a year, and this year I'm just teaching one course during that semester, a writing workshop for older students in their late 20s and early 30s, people in our graduate program who are already working on a manuscript and trying to bring it to completion.
G.K. Chesterton|The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
John W. Thompson|If someone is trying to skip the struggle - which is the creative job - our machines today, the technology that we have, can help the person, but it is only momentary. On the other hand, if you are creative, you have the skill, and you are hardworking, technology can only make you superior.
Neil Strauss|I am convinced that living in an enclave shapes the personality, and living alone shapes the personality too.
Diane Ackerman|We're born alone. We do need each other. It's lonely to really effectively live your life, and anyone you can get help from or give help to; that's part of your obligation.
Debi Mazar|I would have never wanted to write another management book. There are so many of them, and everybody says the same thing about them, and they are all the same - they give the exact same advice. It's like a diet book; they all say eat less calories, exercise more, and every single book has the same conclusion.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|I'll help you, Ulrik, King of Silvers, if you'll help me," she purred and ran her hand up his chest.	He grasped her wrist, halting her arm. Then he bent his head until their lips were nearly touching. "Shall we seal the deal with a kiss?	"I thought you'd never ask," she said huskily right before she put her mouth to his.
Alan Stern|There are lots of really interesting little planets out there in the Kuiper Belt, but Pluto's the only one that's got all the cool attributes.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 1: Bonds of Hate|Strangely enough, I don't seem to tolerate food in great quantities or when it is too rich anymore.”“That's perfectly all right. Most people dig their graves with their own teeth as it is.
Jeyn Roberts, Dark Inside|During the day, memories could be held at bay, but at night, dreams became the devil's own accomplices.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Look at the huge success of Fifty Shades of Grey. The girl in the book lets a rich guy beat her and ritually rape her, and she likes it! She finds it erotic! But imagine if Christian Grey wasn't a billionaire. Imagine if he lived in a dirty old trailer down by the river. Then that story wouldn't be a sexy romance novel, but an episode of CSI.
Rudyard Kipling, Complete Verse|Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful!' and sitting in the shade.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Dream? What it is? If you realise it, it's everything; if not, continue the slumber.
Thomas Aquinas|Torch strode over and stared at the fiver"What's this?""Some change for you. Buy your flunkies some decent clothes." I dipped my fingers into the jar and smeared think fragrant paste on my face. Torch frowned, mirroring the expression on my aunt's face."Change?"Oh, for crying out loud. "It's money. We don't use coins as currency now, we use paper money." He stared at me. "I'm insulting you! I'm saying your poor, like a beggar, because your undead are in rags. I'm offering to clothe your servants for you, because you can't provide for them. Come on, how thick do you have to be?"He jerked his hand up. A jet of flame erupted from his fingers, sliding against the ward. I jerked back from the windows on instinct. The fire died. I leaned forward. "Do you understand now?" More fire. "What's the matter? Was that not enough money?
Joshua Harris, Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship|In fact, the Bible tells us that the union of man and woman in marriage points to the climatic final scene - when Christ returns for His church, the bride He died to save (Ephesians 5:31-32).
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|Happiness is not a state of being. Happiness is a vector, it is movement.
Donna Lynn Hope|The physicality between us was like nothing I’d experienced before. Just the brush of his fingertips over my cheek was enough to make me feel undressed and naked. “I don’t know,” I answered. “What do you suggest? Culture, entertainment, or the underground car park in Tottenham Court Road?
Walt Disney Company|You think the only people who are people, are the people who look and think like you. But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger, you'll learn things you never knew you never knew." - Pocahontas
Richard Ford, Canada|Mistakes are like bad loves, the more you learn from, the more you wish they'd never happened.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|In books too, as well as in music, she courted the misery which a contrast between the past and present was certain of giving.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|And most importantly, the next time someone asks you "Who are you?" you must answer in this simple way, with sincerity and conviction: "I am an Earth Citizen
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|You ask me to write you a poem,I pen you an empty ocean,You run away.You ask me who I am,I paint you a breaking sky,You weep in the rain.
Erin Hunter, Firestar's Quest|Bluestar blinked. "There are cats who would argue that there should never have been a fifth Clan in the forest at all. Why are there four oaks at Fourtrees, if not to stand for the four Clans?"Firestar gazed up at the massive oak trees, then back at Bluestar. Fury pure as a lighting flash rushed through his body. "Are you mouse-brained?" he snarled. "Are you telling me SkyClan had to leave because there weren't enough trees?
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|The time has come, that man should change his ideas to respect the woman and woman should her to trust the man. Now social interactions need a better way to grow up.
Debbie Ford|My sister Naomi and I always wanted to go to Tahiti. We planned a fantastic holiday to visit several islands, but at the last moment, Naomi cancelled. It was the first time I'd holidayed alone, and it was absolutely the best.
Debasish Mridha|When I started to focus on all the beauty all around me, my whole world became amazingly beautiful.
Hans-Ulrich Obrist|I like, 'I Believe In Father Christmas' - that is one of my favorites it is a lovely composition; 'Colder Than Winter' as well. There are so many beautiful songs.
Orson Scott Card, Pathfinder|for God's sake, let's be done with the hypocrisy of claiming "I am a biblical literalist" when everyone is a selective literalist, especially those who swear by the antihomosexual laws in the Book of Leviticus and then feast on barbecued ribs and delight in Monday-night football, for it is toevali, an abomination, not only to eat pork but merely to touch the skin of a dead pig.
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen: How One Girl Risked Her Marriage, Her Job, and Her Sanity to Master the Art of Living|Man must be happy, as happy as a poor child cheerfully playing with his poor toy!
Confucius|If evil had a laugh, she thought it would sound like his.
Orlando Bloom|I wondered how they would top the Pirates and skeletons and moonlight, because that's a pretty cool concept.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Joy is based on the spiritual knowledge that, while the world in which we live is shrouded in darkness, God has overcome the world.
Emmanuel Teney|In Christian terms, evangelization and humanization are not alternatives. Nor are the 'vertical dimension' of faith and the 'horizontal dimension' of love for one's neighbor and political change.
Michael Graves|Instead of using the machine as a metaphor for architecture, as Le Corbusier did, I use the human body. I want the public to know that it's them I'm designing for.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|This grace of God is a very great, strong, mighty and active thing. It does not lie asleep in the soul. Grace hears, leads, drives, draws, changes, works all in man, and lets itself be distinctly felt and experienced. It is hidden, but its works are evident.
Vironika Tugaleva|Who will you love if not yourself? Other people? How can you love someone for anything but their raw, naked humanity? How can you say you love someone if it is not for their flaws and quirks, snorts and hurts, triggers and tears? Anything else is not love. It is idealization. And, as long as you do it to yourself, you will do it to everyone. You will not love anyone or anything until those eyes in the mirror soften up and embrace the beauty that is already within.
Ash Gray, The Seaglass Stair|:The way to the Seaglass Stair will be long and arduous. There will be those who wish to stop you. They will kill you to keep you from succeeding.:	:Why? That’s insane.:	:As if insanity were some fabrication, some dark tale Hemfra told you one night when you were a child and refused to sleep. There will always be resistance to anything and everything, defying all logic, all natural sense of self-preservation. There will be those who wish for you to simply let the world fade away. It is the way of humans to be illogical for the sake of personal conviction and made up nonsense.:
Anthony Liccione|Down the road of hate, at every busted corner lurks the need for love.
Chris Pine|When you have kids, you instantly feel that you do not want to do them wrong. Those dads that go off to Florida and start a new life, I couldn't imagine that: seeing my kid once every Christmas, every three years. If I'm gone for six days it feels like too much.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness can be short, sweet, transient, and random, but its effects echo forever.
Anonymous|In Business, you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Be real. I'm going up against three of the world's most vicious ubervillains. I have a very, very slim chance of survival. I have a better chance of winning the lottery, and I don't even play.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If God closes a door AND a window, consider the fact that it might be time to build a whole new house.
Franz Kafka|I would have stayed a hundred times and I would have left one time only - still, I left.
Brantley Gilbert|As a mom, you have all these situations you go through, and you're like, 'What is going on? Is this normal? Is this a phase? Or what is this?' and then you feel silly for asking questions because you think, 'I'm a mom - I'm supposed to know these things,' but you don't.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|When a person understands this setting into single- mindedness well, his affairs will pann out. Loyalty is also contained within this single- mindedness.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|Slavery has not been abolished, it has been sanitized
Tina Fey, Bossypants|We spent days and weeks doing nothing, calling one another ten times a day to schedule our nothing-doing.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Human beings seem to have a perpetual tendency to have somebody else talk to God for them. We are content to have the message second-hand. One of Israel's fatal mistakes was their insistence on having a human king rather than resting on the theocratic rule of God over them. We can detect a note of sadness in the word of the Lord, 'they have rejected me from being king over them' (1 Sam. 8:7). The history of religion is the story of an almost desperate scramble to have a king, a mediator, a priest, a pastor, a go-between. In this way we do not need to go to God ourselves. Such an approach saves us from the need to change, for to be in the presence of God is to change.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|Everything around her was in a fog; the intense light that always shone in his aqua blue eyes was the only thing in focus, but it was suddenly unknown... different... almost embarrassing.
George Vecsey|When I was a kid, my father brought home the autobiography of Sid Luckman, the great Chicago Bears quarterback - probably an extra copy from the sports department where he worked. It was the first sports biography I ever read.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors. This does not mean that we are to be perpetually solemn. We must play. But our merriment must be of that kind (and it is, in fact, the merriest kind) which exists between people who have, from the outset, taken each other seriously - no flippancy, no superiority, no presumption.
Bill Nighy|Like my dad, I have a Christmas party most years. I like to celebrate and see as many people as possible.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The gut is the seat of all feeling. Polluting the gut not only cripples your immune system, but also destroys your sense of empathy, the ability to identify with other humans.
Angelina Jolie|We wouldn't think of rising in the morning without a face-wash, but we often neglect that purgative cleansing of the Word of the Lord. It wakes us up to our responsibility.
Caroline Kennedy|I stopped going to Kingdom Hall, the church, when I was 11 years old, so I was very young. They don't celebrate birthdays, you get no Christmas, so it's a very difficult religion for children to get into. And they do a lot of finger-pointing among the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Maya Angelou|There is a common superstition that “self-respect” is a kind of charm against snakes, something that keeps those who have it locked in some unblighted Eden, out of strange beds, ambivalent conversations, and trouble in general. It does not at all. It has nothing to do with the face of things, but concerns instead a separate peace, a private reconciliation.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When greed is enthroned, be it in a community or nation, ungodliness is celebrated at the altar of human pleasure.
Ellie Goulding|A human being is a real artist and a creative in any field, not a programmed robot in some factory.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Steal|Alec licked his spoon, then set it on the table and popped his drink open. "Okay, I may be breaking some kind of girl bonding rule or something, but can I offer you a guy's perspective on this?"I frowned, my spoon halfway to my mouth. "Is this gonna make me want to hit you?"He shrugged. "Maybe. But it's the truth. Here goes: kissing back is an instinct. Unless the girl smells like a sewer or has tentacles feeling you up independently, a guy's first instinct is to kiss back. That's how it works. What's important is how long that kissing back lasted. So...how long?
John Barrymore|Perhaps we can conceive of the ironist as the fetishist's apprentice, reaching out for all readers, ensnaring them in a tangle of ambiguity, uncertainty and indecision from which there is no escape. Irony, quite possibly, makes fetishists of us all.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Oh soul, you worry too much. Your arms are heavy with treasures of all kinds.
Karen Joy Fowler, Wit's End|Once the moon gets to be full somebody - some man or other - goes up every day and slices bits of one side until there isn't any more,and then after a bit a new one grows. Men do that with all sorts of things, actually - rose bushes for instance.... The man who slices the bits off brings them down here and then they're used for making those lights on the cars. Clever isn't it... They only last about one night, I should think, because you hardly ever see them shining by day.
Geoffrey Wood|Experience life, pick up a good book and appreciate the moment, for the moment, not the replay.
Lady Gaga|A newspaper is a public trust, and we will suffer as a society without them. It is not the Internet that has killed them. It is their own greed, it is their own stupidity, and it is capitalism that has taken our daily newspapers from us.
Dougie Brimson, Wings of a Sparrow|I think you're a shit,’ said Keith sharply. ‘I think much of what you’ve done this season is shit and I think what you've put everyone involved with this club through is shit. How’s that?
Hedy Lamarr|I was never the girl in high school who had a boyfriend for years. My longest relationship has been 18 months. I've thought maybe I'm really superficial and unable to have a relationship. What I've found is that people are attracted by my independence, and then they try to squelch it.
Jennifer Hudson|I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|My help had been needed and claimed; I had given it: I was pleased to have done something: trivial, transitory though the deed was, it was yet an active thing, and I was weary of an existence all passive.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|And the past held only this wisdom: that love was a damaging mistake, and its accomplice, hope, a treacherous illusion. And whenever those twin poisonous flowers began to sprout in the parched land of that field, Mariam uprooted them. She uprooted them and ditched them before they took hold.
Unarine Ramaru|Life is an act and we are the actors of life. Some are able to act well but some are crippled by the fear of fear. Be it good or bad, great or mediocre, we all do take steps in life; sometimes out of ignorance, out of pain, out of love, out of hatred, out of comfort and sometimes out of jealousy. We may slip as we take these steps in life but when we realize what we should have done, we ought to regret and take action
Billy Corgan|My parents are the coolest of the cool on every single level, and it's because they have a deep appreciation for every moment of their lives.
Patrick Modiano, Rue des boutiques obscures|This is what I’ve always loved about a city, all the worlds hidden away inside, largest of aquariums.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|I used to fight back the inner resistance within me before when for a while I thought this keeps me from living the life I was born to enjoy. But then I realized that this "madness" inside me is not at all a destructive force but a raging "storm" which needs to come out for me to fully discover my potential. This wondrous "storm" helped me to unravel the secrets of my being - of my purpose and true calling. Now, I come to embrace wholeheartedly who I am and why I was born." - "My Storm", Author/Poet Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo
Lia Davis, Death's Storm|When he reached his own room again, he found Khloe curled up on his bed, asleep. He stood over her, watching her sleep peacefully for a few moments before taking a deep breath and moving to the other side of the bed. He sat down on top of the covers next to her and watched the rise and fall of her chest as she slept. He withdrew a leather bond journal from the nightstand drawer and tried to push Hecate’s words from his mind.Khloe is yours to deal with.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Modern man has transformed himself into a commodity; he experiences his life energy as an investment with which he should make the highest profit, considering his position and the situation on the personality market. He is alienated from himself, from his fellow men and from nature. His main aim is profitable exchange of his skills, knowledge, and of himself, his "personality package" with others who are equally intent on a fair and profitable exchange. Life has no goal except the one to move, no principle except the one of fair exchange, no satisfaction except the one to consume.p97.
Yann Martel, The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios|Dubstep makes me feel confused and my headache get fixed, from chillstep I get sad - That's my story!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|... Few things leave a deeper mark on a reader than the first book that finds its way into his heart. Those first images, the echo of words we think have left behind, accompany us throughout our lives and sculpt a palace in our memory
Sarah Robinson, Becoming a Legend|Trust is just a choice. Someone can’t earn your trust if you don’t choose to let them, to give them the chance to show you.
John Geiger|There is only one "now." Realize how rich you are in it. Right now you are creating history…your legacy. Make your time count. Do not wish your moments away. Do not ruin today by focusing on another time and place. If we counted our blessings more often, instead of our money, we would be a lot richer. Keep money on your mind but out of your heart. Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life for yourself. Cultivate your spiritual growth. The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.
Debasish Mridha|Your life is made up of your dreams and your realities, your expectations and your possibilities.
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|There is a love for structure in them that I recognize, and a desire to worship correctness that I know and I share. When I look at them, I think: to prize traditionalism above all else in a church that began in revolution is to do a great violence to it. But I feel that same ache for the past in myself: to uphold the columns of literature, grammar, the Western tradition. The English language began as an upheaval; I am not protecting it when I try to guard it against change. The Jesus Christ of it, Chaucer, walked across the water telling dirty jokes, made twenty stories stretch to feed a million people, spelled the word "cunt" five ways, performed miracles. Any innovation I put down on paper is an attempt to remind myself of this. I am not modern. I was not born to blaze new paths or bring down walls. I break form against my nature to tell myself that revolution, too, is a tradition that must be upheld.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord|To be agreeable in society, you must consent to be taught many things which you already know.
Joyce Meyer|If I think too hard about a relationship, I'll talk myself out of it.
Edvard Munch|From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them, and that is eternity.
Gloria Vanderbilt|You will obtain a vision of matter that is perhaps fatiguing for your imagination, but pure and stripped of what the requirements of life make you add to it in external perception.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Art of Always Being Right|They called themselves the Munrungs. It meant The People, or The True Human Beings.It's what most people call themselves, to begin with. And then one day the tribe meets some other People or, if it's not been a good day, The Enemy. If only they'd think up a name like Some More True Human Beings, it'd save a lot of trouble later on
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Then Mattie journeyed away from her home toward freedom and her family, leaving behind the bones of generations of her ancestors and their captors
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|...inability to lie is still far from being love to truth. Be on your guard! ... He who cannot lie, doth not know what truth is.
Louis-Philippe, Journal de mon voyage d'Amérique|If the least thing goes wrong with a saddle, or clothes, or a boot, you cannot find a soul to make repairs, and the other day a cobbler answered us, 'Yes, that's right, I'm a shoemaker, and sometimes I work, but I'm not in the mood right now.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Daemon laughed "I'm only at the service of one person in particular"My cheeks flamed as I scooted my chair over. "You are not servicing me in any way."He leaned in, closing my newly gained distance. "Not yet.""Oh, come on, Daemon I'm right here." Dee frowned. "You're about to make me lose my appetite.""Like that will ever happen." Lisa retorted with an eye roll.
Allen Carr, Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking: Be a Happy Non-smoker for the Rest of Your Life|how irrelevant the belief in God can be to religious experience—so irrelevant that the emotional structure of religious experiences can be transplanted to completely godless contexts with little of the impact lost—and when he had also, almost as an afterthought, included as an appendix thirty-six arguments for the existence of God, with rebuttals, his claim being that the most thorough demolition of these arguments would make little difference to the felt qualities of religious experience,
Truman Capote|We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|I frowned as my fingers throbbed. “Wait a sec. There’s a chance I can’t work with fire and you let me do that?”“How else am I going to figure out your limitations?”“What the hell!” I pulled my hand free, furious. “That’s not cool, Blake. What’s next? Trying to stop a moving vehicle by standing in front of it, but whoops, I can’t do that and now I’m dead?
Robin Jarvis, Whortle's Hope|On Christmas Eve," Joe said, "when you were reading 'The Wolf and the Seven Little Kids' to Matty, Corrie and I were sitting on the stairs listening."Jo looked at Lilli, his face stern."The bit I always remember best in that story is the bit when the wolf goes to the miller and tells him to throw flour over his paws to disguise them." He began to quote from the story: "'The miller thought to himself, "The wolf is going to harm someone," and refused to do as he was told. Then the wolf said, "If you do not do as I tell you, I will kill you." The miller was afraid, and did as he was told, and threw the flour over the wolf's paws until they were white. This is what mankind is like.'"He repeated the final sentence."'This is what mankind is like.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|With time, grief has a way of slipping down in the crevices of your heart. It never really leaves; it just makes room for more.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|I wish I had a horse; then I could run for miles in this splendid air, and not lose my breath." Jo
Lara Biyuts|Death didn't happen like I expected it to. There was no Grim Reaper, no chorus of angels, no army of demons. And my life didn't flash before my eyes. Death was the color of softness, a delicate green under a thin film of baby powder. There was nothing but soft random thoughts and picture, drifting through me like a child's breath blowing through a dandelion after making a wish. And as I died, I was held by my love. I wanted to soak up her love and smuggle it with me to wherever my soul was headed.-character Ron (Broken)
Oscar Wilde|To give an accurate description of what has never occurred is not merely the proper occupation of the historian, but the inalienable privilege of any man of parts and culture.
Gregory Maguire|The spiritual freedom we seek cannot be found by grasping at, retreating to, or protecting our perceived safe spaces. Our freedom lies in remaining open continuously, not only to Life’s changes but also to the Divine Light within us and others. This is our choice. Although often perceived as a weakness, being open and surrendering to the experience of the present moment is our greatest strength. By authentically living Life in the Now, we submit to Divine guidance where we find the freedom to see everything equally and sacred in Truth.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|There are many paths to the truth. We need only the courage to tread our own path, no one else's.
Peter Straub|It's a terrible mistake to let the perfect get in the way of the good. If you wait to publish until you have written a great book, you will never publish anything. Great books happen by chance, not by design. The wise writer writes the best he can and leaves it to posterity to decide about greatness.
Anthony Bourdain, The Nasty Bits: Collected Varietal Cuts, Usable Trim, Scraps, and Bones|Early moralists who believed that taking too much pleasure at the table led inexorably to bad character-or worse, to sex-were (in the best-case scenario, anyway) absolutely right.
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|You're making sense, old man, a sense of your own. You're not crazy the way they think. Yes...I see...
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|After all, memory may be the only thing on earth we can truly manipulate to serve us, so we don't have to look back at ourselves in the receding past and think, What an arsehole!
Joan Winmill Brown|Thank you," he says."Thank who?""I don't know.
Anonymous|Without asking her permission, someone is trying to intrude her life, draw her attention, in short, to bother her.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|Our struggle is--isn't it?--to achieve and retain faith on a lower level. To believe that there is a Listener at all. For as the situation grows more and more desperate, the grisly fears intrude. Are we only talking to ourselves in an empty universe? The silence is often so emphatic. And we have prayed so much already
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|Don't get involved in partial problems, but always take flight to where there is a free view over the whole single great problem, even if this view is still not a clear one
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|Socrates himself said, 'One thing only I know, and this is that I know nothing.' Remember this statement, because it is an admission that is rare, even among philosophers. Moreover, it can be so dangerous to say in public that it can cost you your life. The most subversive people are those who ask questions. Giving answers is not nearly as threatening. Any one question can be more explosive than a thousand answers.
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|They shared a laugh, and then the silence that so often intruded on their discussion asserted itself once again, a gap born of equal parts weariness, familiarity and--conversely--the many differences that fate had created between those who had once gone about lives that were but variations on a single melody.
Kim Jong-un|I come from a very athletic family. But I didn't have the typical Jewish sports heroes. I mean, like lots of Jewish kids I admired Sandy Koufax. But I didn't look up to him as the one person who gave me the desire to push on and succeed. My brothers did that for me.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Anything man can make, man can destroy.
Tom Cardamone, Wilde Stories 2012: The Year’s Best Gay Speculative Fiction|Dragons are among the most ancient spirits. Their origins are not known, but they significantly predate the rise of man. [This author advises the reader never to ask a dragon about the early days of humanity, as they tend to remark that we were much more entertaining as a species before we climbed down from the trees.]
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|Fate, they say, fate- the clay that molds the events of your life, and it was the same fate that had thrown the stone of her heart on the building of his expectations. But then wasn't it his fault that he had constructed the building of glass? Hadn't he failed to cement the bricks of his love with trust and colour them with security? There was no insurance for broken hearts, no ointment for wounded souls and there would never be one, he knew.
Adam Nicolson, God's Secretaries : The Making of the King James Bible|The book in my hands became my trusted companion. What was written there had so much power that it forced me to stop avoiding myself, to make my own choices as well. And through some sort of vital intuition, I understood that I had a long way to go, that it would bring about a profound transformation within me, even though I could not determine it's essence, or its scope. In that book there was a voice, and behind that voice threw was an intelligence that sought to establish contact with me. It was not merely the company of written words that distiller my boredom. It was a living voice, speaking. To me.
Jane Lindskold, Through Wolf's Eyes|Wolves regularly attacked their rivals in power, so the idea of killing to gain position was neither alien nor repulsive to her. The use of assassins she had filed as yet another of the curious tools - like swords and bows — that humans created to make up for their lack of personal armament. What she still had to puzzle through was the subtle strategies involved in killing those who were expected to inherit power rather than those who held the power itself.
Shannon L. Alder|We were meant to rescue each other, not cut down the forest to rescue one.
Greg Egan|They floated for a while, two flesher-shaped creatures and a giant worm in a cloud of spinning metal fragments, an absurd collection of imaginary debris, glinting by the light of the true stars.
Stephen R. Donaldson, Reave the Just and Other Tales|The t'ca [ship] left them, rolled and slewed off in a maneuver that made sense to a multi-brained snake.--from The Kif Strike Back
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|You will find the way, daughter of the forest. Through grief and pain, through many trials, through betrayal and loss, your feet will walk a straight path.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If your salvation was dependent on your ability to read and understand scripture, Jesus would have been an author.
Ellen Kushner|Not being the sort to throw a book, she pounded her fist on her cushion.
David Ogilvy|I believe that we parents must encourage our children to become educated, so they can get into a good college that we cannot afford.
Zig Ziglar|I have a personal philosophy in life: If somebody else can do something that I'm doing, they should do it. And what I want to do is find things that would represent a unique contribution to the world - the contribution that only I, and my portfolio of talents, can make happen. Those are my priorities in life.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Patch tipped my chin up. "If I could make this go away, I would. If I could stand in your place, I wouldn't hesitate. But I'm left with one choice, and that's to stand by your side through the end. I won't waver, Angel, I can promise you that.
Baba Kalyani|The emphasis on innovation and technology in our companies has resulted in a few of them establishing global benchmarks in product design and development, manufacturing practices and human resource capabilities. However, there is no room for complacency.
Robert Lacey, Grace|It's the love you had that matters, isn't it, not the pain.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|You can be rich or deliberately refuse to be rich. You can possess money, or you can despise money; the one fatal thing is to worship money and fail to get it
Erin Bomboy|Ballroom dancing was inherently social, but steps replaced words and beats ironed out pauses. The shy, the awkward, and the weird found a home where good rhythm or a barn of a memory vanquished their shyness, awkwardness, and weirdness. Some got good while others stayed middling. Everyone, though, had fun.
Arthur Smith|When I was about 14 I remember thinking when it came to proposing to my future girlfriend, I'd make a CD with all her favourite songs and a message that said, 'Will you marry me?' Shows you what a romantic I was. No one listens to CDs any more. It's all about iTunes.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|Kiril." His name was but a whisper upon the wind, a sigh upon her lips.Her gaze silently begged him while her hands continued their magic upon his aching cock. As if he could deny her -- or himself -- the pleasure that awaited.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|In other words, the man who is born into existence deals first with language; this is a given. He is even caught in it before his birth.
Christy Leigh Stewart|The concept of virginity is a social construct. If you’re wondering if my commercial value, self-respect, and/or quality of my immortal soul has been affected by things that have gone in or out of my vagina the answer is no.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|She’d shown him in a thousand ways that she was honorable and strong and generous and very human, maybe even more vividly human than anyone he’d ever known. And if she was, then Grisha weren’t inherently evil. They were like anyone else—full of the potential to do great good, and also great harm. To ignore that would make Matthias the monster.
Robert Frost|Where had I heard this wind beforeChange like this to a deeper roar?What would it take my standing there for,Holding open a restive door,Looking down hill to a frothy shore?Summer was past and day was past.Somber clouds in the west were massed.Out in the porch's sagging floor,leaves got up in a coil and hissed,Blindly struck at my knee and missed.Something sinister in the toneTold me my secret must be known:Word I was in the house aloneSomehow must have gotten abroad,Word I was in my life alone,Word I had no one left but God.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Attitude gives your work a good finishing beauty. You may be successful in what you do, but when you are not humble enough, nobody may get time to stop by to see what you have to show the world!
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|I'll be with my sister. And believe it or not, she has a phone and everything. She stopped using smoke signals last year." - Nana
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|To enter into the realm of contemplation, one must in a certain sense die: but this death is in fact the entrance into a higher life. It is a death for the sake of life, which leaves behind all that we can know or treasure as life, as thought, as experience as joy, as being. [Every form of intuition and experience] die to be born again on a higher level of life.
Lyndsay Faye, Jane Steele|What kind of person am I?Am I even actually a person?I can never quite reach any kind of conclusion, sometimes I'm melancholic, sometimes I behave like a total fool, like a nut, and then suddenly I'm full of energy and threatening to explode. Just like now. My whole body is itching, it's awful.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If changing judges changes law, then it is not clear what law is.
Eddie Van Halen|We have to acknowledge that adolescence is that time of transition where we begin to introduce to children that life isn't pretty, that there are difficult things, there are hard situations, it's not fair. Bad things happen to good people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|President George Washington’s namesake capital, once a marketplace for slave auctions, is now synonymous with democracy and freedom; so is the iconic Jefferson, who wanted to build an “Empire of Liberty” for the world.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|As the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without deeds is dead.
Kitty Kelley|We know the threats - from global terrorist networks to the spread of deadly weapons. Yet we also know that embedded in this time of danger is the promise of a new day, if we have the courage and commitment to work together.
Jessi Kirby, Moonglass|When he saw Tyler, his face went serious, which struck me as comical. Andy had always been protective, but when it came to me having anything to do with guys, he felt it was his duty to inform and protect me from the ones he thought were most like himself. When I turned thirteen, he pulled me aside and we had his version of 'the talk,' which mostly consisted of a bunch of 'uhs' and 'ums,' but I got the gist of his speech: boys only wanted one thing, and I shouldn't give it to them until I was at least thirty-three. And married.
Sarah Palin|God put the human race in charge of managing the resources of the entire planet for the benefit of all life. Therefore, we, of all people on this planet, should be concerned about environmental issues and doing what we can to enhance the beauty and productivity of the natural realm.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|It reaffirmed my long-held belief that education was the enemy of prejudice. These were men and women of science, and science had no room for racism.
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|The walls of the cell fell away, the sky came down, I saw the big yellow bird.
Kunal  Sen|The mother-women seemed to prevail that summer at Grand Isle. It was easy to know them, fluttering about with extended, protecting wings when any harm, real or imaginary, threatened their precious brood. They were women who idolized their children, worshiped their husbands, and esteemed it a holy privilege to efface themselves as individuals and grow wings as ministering angels.
Bob Dylan|There's no reason to change what you are, but if you're not being you, then you need to acknowledge that.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|Are you an idiot, or an idiot?' Gargarin hissed.'The first one. I really resent being called the second.
John Braithwaite, Corporate Crime in the Pharmaceutical Industry|A few years ago I started an online flirtation with a high school flame, Andy. Things got weird and I called it off and two months later...Versace was dead...dead.
Keke Palmer|Working with Ice Cube was so tight. He's cool, and I really like how he does family stuff. My guy friends couldn't believe I was chillin' with him. Dudes love Ice Cube.
American Psychological Association, APA Dictionary of Psychology|And so, now, she runs. In her running, her mind leaves her.And she can hear nothing but her heart, the blast making her deaf.There is a great white silent empty in her running.She runs.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|And if we burn, you burn with us.
Bob Barr|As more and more women, men and young people raise their voices and become active in local government, and more local leaders take action for the safety of women and girls, change happens.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to get impressive increase, you need to get off the bed, lay demand and exert enough pressure as much as necessary to get the kind of increase we need
Yotam Ottolenghi|Howard Zinn was magical as a teacher. Witty, irreverent, and wise, he loved what he was teaching and clearly wanted his students to love it, also.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A call for national and individual repentance is urgently needed today, or judgment is certain to fall.
Janet M. Tavakoli, Structured Finance and Collateralized Debt Obligations: New Developments in Cash and Synthetic Securitization|But, in truth, it had not exactly been gold, or even the promise of gold, but more like the fantasy of gold, the fairy dream that the gold is there, at the end of the rainbow, and will continue to be there forever - provided, naturally, that you don't go and look. This is known as finance.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Of course I fall. Yet, I incessantly blame my falls on circumstance so that I can deny my own inadequacy and therefore remain my own god. And so, I am left to ask which will come first, the fall that kills me or the surrender that saves me?
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Shame often causes me to hide my mistakes from others. But really, when I make a mistake, I should make it loud and clear, so I can see that it didn’t work as a strategy, and be able to make a course correction, either by myself or with the help of others.
Jacob Gralnick, Subterranean|Hope and trust are beautiful things. One gives a person the will to live, the other makes it worth living.
Dhie S.|Soulmates are those people who will enter your life, fix it when it is broken, fill it when it is empty, and shower it with love when it is in drought. These people are not perfect, but they make every bit of your life, perfect for you.
Sarah Thebarge|I just want to tell you if that's what You have planned for me, if I am meant to be an obscure flower in the corner of the expansive garden, I will live there and I will love You and I will bloom just for You -- only, always, ever.
Eric Weiner, The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley|Yes, failure is part of the mix, he says, but it is a means, not an end. If you fail repeatedly, and in the same manner, you're an idiot, not a genius.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|He felt as if he were being violently emptied out, as if a big magnet were pulling his blood and fluids down into the earth. He was weeping again, unstoppably, his head like the chandelier in his grandparents’ house in Buffalo, the one that was too high for them to reach and that every time he visited had one fewer bulb alight. His head was an old chandelier, going dark.
L.D.R.|Writing a story about a place calls that world into existence. Sometimes, as the author, you accompany it for a while. But even as you write, the characters have minds of their own.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Judah knew Noa hadn't said it was good-bye. She'd done it as he would have done it, if he'd had the chance: with just an ordinary moment. Unremarkable moments were the ones you missed the most- the ones you didn't realize were precious at the time, and so later could not remember. The moments you lost, when you lost a sister.
Xena Thornton|You only live once so, lets make a difference people will remember.
Lisa C. Temple|If the only tool in Willem's arsenal was a silent supplication to an absent almighty, then I might as well be sitting next to a raving radical ready to die for the promise of seventy-two virgins and a couple of camels.
James E. Faust|You know, who cares about seeing the girls when everybody wants to see the band. That's what's important, KISS is important. I think we look great, and the attitude is there, and I'm real happy with it.
Eckhart Tolle|The Augusteum warns me not to get attached to any obsolete ideas about who I am, what I represent, whom I belong to, or what function I may once have intended to serve.
Thomas Dewey|I think in order to move forward into the future, you need to know where you've been.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|If You Don't Believe the Numbers and Believe in Your Spirit, then You're Ageless.
Cindy Martinusen Coloma, Caleb + Kate|After this, I can't resist. "Between you, me, and the rest of us, Ted, it's starting to show. You'd better work out, or getting fat off Daddy might be harder to hide.
Thom Mayne|Architecture is the beginning of something because it's - if you're not involved in first principles, if you're not involved in the absolute, the beginning of that generative process, it's cake decoration.
Carlos Wallace|How foolish we are to keep repeating the negative memories from the past in our minds, while rarely thinking of the good times, nor being thankful for what we have. Be good to yourself and repeat and focus on the positive.
Jay-Z, Decoded|You sensed that you should be following a different path, a more ambitious one, you felt that you were destined for other things but you had no idea how to achieve them and in your misery you began to hate everything around you.
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Poverty is not intrinsically a trap, otherwise we would all still be poor.
Sarah Blake, The Postmistress|There I was out in the barn playing midwife to a pregnant mare. I remember sitting there, spinning yarn in the light of a little oil lamp, a city girl who knew nothing about farming, sitting on the deel beside that mother in pain, already beginning the birthing process. All around me there was darkness and perfect silence, except for the mother's pain. It was as if the war didn't exist in those hours.
Caroline Myss, Defy Gravity: Healing Beyond the Bounds of Reason|When you love something or someone it transforms that thing or person. When you allow yourself to be loved, it transforms you.
Cassi Clark, Breastfeeding Is a Bitch: But We Lovingly Do It Anyway|If nursing were easy, there wouldn't be so many helpful products.
Jamie Bartlett, The Dark Net: Inside the Digital Underworld|Creating our own realities is nothing new, but now it’s easier than ever to become trapped in echo chambers of our own making.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Exiled Queen|Han spotted a child‟s homespun dolly in the ditch, pressed into the mud. He reined in, meaning to climb down and fetch it so he could clean it up for his little sister. Then he remembered that Mari was dead and had no need of dollies anymore.Grief was like that. It gradually faded into a dull ache, until some simple sight or sound or scent hit him like a hammer blow.
Michael Brett Turner|I could have all of the powers of mind in the world, but still be alone. Until I have met with the curiosity of others, I will remain alone and in hell. I have a dream, but I am not living it.At least I feel some solace in completing CAPTCHA challenges.
David I. Kertzer, The Pope and Mussolini: The Secret History of Pius XI and the Rise of Fascism in Europe|I never want to see umbrellas around me." he [Mussolini] once said. "The umbrella is a bourgeois relic, it is the arm used by the pope's soldiers. A people who carry umbrellas cannot found an empire.
Bob Harper|I had one of those light bulb 'a ha' moments while screening 'Good Will Hunting' in Camp David in 1998 - Madeleine Albright and the Clintons were there, and I just became really inspired by all of these amazing people. I left the screening asking myself what I could do.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Actualize the dreams now and don’t procrastinate them for the future. Use every second, minute and hour that you have to fulfill life’s calling, your purpose, and your dreams.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|But Tik Tok believes everything's circular, including men and women. He says nature seems to go around and around, and that we all have bits of everything.
Gregory Sherl, Ab morgen ein Leben lang|You’re breaking up with me because I’m not a successful guitarist, and because I seem like I’m just a guy handing out pamphlets on a street corner! You’re disgusted.” This is why Adrian is disgusted with Adrian and has nothing to do with me. Very little of our relationship has much to do with me, which is one of the actual reasons I’m breaking up with him. He loves me but doesn’t really understand me – so, in effect, does he really love me?
Mark F. LaMoure|You tend to become that, what you want most. Expect the best and give it your best. Make success happen.
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful  Sorrows of Ava Lavender|To my mother, I was everything. To my father, nothing at all. To my grandmother, I was a daily reminder of loves long lost.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Temptation|No more sex."I blink several times at Anna as we stand outside the car the next morning. Have we been married long enough for her to say that?
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Well,” she said. “I’m frustrated.”“Don’t make me angry-kiss you.”“Give me the laundry.”“Tempers rising, faces flushed … This is how it happens.
Leonardo da Vinci|They will say that I, having no literary skill, cannot properly express that which I desire to treat of, but they do not know that my subjects are to be dealt with by experience rather than by words. And [experience] has been the mistress of those who wrote well. And so, as mistress, I will cite her in all cases. Though I may not, like them, be able to quote other authors, I shall rely on that which is much greater and more worthy: on experience, the mistress of their masters.
Terry Pratchett, Mort|You're a wrestler, right, Jake?" Dad asked, passing Jake more saag. My parents were in an Indian food phase. The evening's entree consisted of limp spinach. God forbid we'd throw a few burgers on the grill and just have a barbecue when guests came over.Jake gave the bright green, mushy contents a wary glance but accepted the bowl. "Yeah. I wrestle. I'm captain this year.""How Greco-Roman of you," Lucius said dryly, lifting a glob of spinach and letting it drip, slowly, from his fork. "Grappling about on mats.
Gail Carriger, Soulless|Alexia figured, delightedly, that this meant he did, in fact, tend to traipse around his private apartments in the altogether. Marriage was becoming more and more of an attractive prospect.
Emily Barr, The One Memory of Flora Banks|I have woken up inside one of my own memories. I am really here, yet I know I am not.
Auliq Ice|My dark secret is I’ve always wished I was Gatsby. As heartbroken as he was and as horrible a fate as he endured, I admired that he loved. It’s a difficult thing to do.
Georgette Heyer, Venetia|The more enchanted the idyll, greater must be the pain of its ending.
Nurudeen Ushawu|While we insists on destroying the world, God is doing incredible things to save it.
Sharon Shinn, Quatrain|Understanding is the assassin of bigotry, and lays a strong foundation upon which to build a tolerant society.
Peter Watts, Maelstrom|All cows were like other cows, all tigers like all other tigers - What on earth happened to human beings?
Steve Maraboli|No actions, no results. Everything else is a commentary.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|Then again, given that human history appears to be defined by a succession of more or less corrupt ruling elites, and if we are to assume that such corruption (and its spread throughout society) is the mechanism by which a civilization attracts cosmic catastrophe, blaming and deposing the elite is a good solution. The problem, however, is that the underlying mechanism is not understood by the people, which means that they lack the knowledge that, if they are to prevent further destruction, they must, at all costs, prevent the establishment of any future corrupt elite.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|You must always focus on and pursue the good, but when that darkness surges up from within, you need to know how to handle it, use it, and release it wisely, not just deny its presence or acceptability as you suppress it within you.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|A free spirit is not bound by this, that, matter, materialism or opinion. They sing, dance and flow on the wind - for they are at one with it. They are nothing and everything - void and expanse. Even space and time does not confine or define them. For they are pure energy itself.
Simon Greenleaf, An Examination of the Testimony of the Four Evangelists, by the Rules of Evidence administered in Courts of Justice|But the Christian writer seems, by the usual course of the argument, to have been deprived of the common presumption of charity in his favor; and reversing the ordinary rule of administering justice in human tribunals, his testimony is unjustly presumed to be false, until it is proved to be true. ...{independent historians} have been treated, in the argument, almost as if the New Testament were the entire production, at once, of a body of men, conspiring by a joint fabrication, to impose a false religion upon the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I have lost you, my brotherAnd your death has ended The spring seasonOf my happiness,  our house is buried with youAnd buried the laughter that you taught me.There are no thoughts of love nor of poemsIn my head Since you died.
Joe Boyd|I never knew cocaine to improve anything. When the white lines came out, it was time to call it a night: the music could only get worse. If I joined in, the next day's playback would provide clear evidence of the deterioration of both the performances and of my critical ability to judge them. I suspect that the surge in cocaine's popularity explains - at least in part - why so many great sixties artists made such bad records in the following decade.
Sarah Painter, The Garden of Magic|No, you listen! All my life, you've told me that the world is a dark, cruel place. But now I see that the only thing dark and cruel about it is people like you!
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|Remember the Golden Rule? "Treat people as you would like to be treated." The best managers break the Golden Rule every day. They would say don't treat people as you would like to be treated. This presupposes that everyone breathes the same psychological oxygen as you. For example, if you are competitive, everyone must be similarly competitive. If you like to be praised in public, everyone else must, too. Everyone must share your hatred of micromanagement.
Abdur-Rehman Qadeer|I can tell about one who didn't win. And it didn't matter.Because his destiny was battle, Not the victory. He was born to travel, Not to find destination. He lived to live, Not to make a home.
Amy Leigh Mercree|I'd rather be interesting, original, & unique then follow the pack. Revel in who you truly are & be liberated!
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|Having no resources within himself, he was compelled to be the copyist of many, and being such, he was forever the victim of inconsistency;
Iyanla Vanzant, Don't Give It Away!: A Workbook of Self-Awareness and Self-Affirmations for Young Women|I have a body, but I am not my body.I have a face, but I am not my face.
Marcus Harrison Green|It is not the best for us to lay embago on the industries that produce temptations. What we need to do is to compete, overcome and dominate the market with the products of our endurance. No battles we face, no crown will we win. No temptations exist, no conquerors are known.
Katha Pollitt|I'm always writing something. There's always some structure sitting around someplace. There's always things on the computer, things scratched on score paper, legal tablets full of lyrics. It's never not buzzing around me all the time. I'm always doing it.
J. William Fulbright|Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service. Without it, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
Thomas Mann, Doctor Faustus|Nature in her creative dreaming, dreamt the same thing both here and there, and if one spoke of imitation, then certainly it had to be reciprocal. Should one take the children of the soil as models because they possessed the depth of organic reality, whereas the ice flowers were mere external phenomena? But as phenomena, they were the result of an interplay of matter no less complex than that found in plants. If I understood our friendly host correctly, what concerned him was the unity of animate and so-called inanimate nature, the idea that we sin against the latter if the boundary we draw between the two spheres is too rigid, when in reality it is porous, since there is no elementary capability that is reserved exclusively for living creatures or that the biologist could not likewise study on inanimate models.
Anonymous|Demons would often try to make me feel some negative emotion, like hatred or contempt. Because the only way I could become vulnerable to them, is if I indulged in some negative emotion, in their presence. In the realm of hatred and anger, and other negative emotions, demons are the masters.
Shannon L. Alder|victimnoun \ˈvik-təm\ 1. The moment you tell everyone you have a mental disorder, in order to excuse your behavior.
Debasish Mridha|For an illuminated life, give yourself up for the service of others.
Rob Liano|Do you have all that you desire? The health, the home, the career or the relationship? Look to where you're investing your time the most, is it dedicated to achieving those desires?
Tim Hetherington|Mistakes are a part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are: precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. Unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Your nation needs you. Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel.
Tom Hanks|The desert, when the sun comes up...I couldn't tell where heaven stopped and the Earth began.
Kamand Kojouri|Believe me when I say: 'Out of all those around, she’s the best locksmith in town.' Her stethoscope ears know when the dials of your heart click into place.She’s been cutting keys for years.You don’t stand a chance with that flimsy case.Alas, no matter how you lock your heart— bolt, fixture, and key— she’s got nimble fingersthat pick locks for free.Padlocks and deadboltsare all in vain.Why do you even botherwith that chain?She’s way too smart. Along with ours, she’ll have your heart. And you will see that the best locksmith in town is she.
M.C. Beaton|It is a mistake to regard age as a downhill grade toward dissolution. Thereverse is true. As one grows older, one climbs with surprising strides.
Gwen Cole, Cold Summer|Sometimes when you go through things, you bottle them up inside and try to act like everything is fine. Because you want to forget they ever happened. But you have to trust me when I say that doesn't work. In order for you to move on, you have to let them out.
Miya Yamanouchi|We can all make a difference in the lives of others in need, because it is the most simple of gestures that make the most significant of differences.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Untimely Meditations|Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... an exalted and noble 'to this end.' Perish in pursuit of this and only this
The Wanted|This ain't the heartbreak hotel even though I know it well.Those no shows should you tell in the way you hold yourself.Don't you fret should you get another cancellation, give me a chance and I'll make a permanent reservation.In your heart in your, I can tell you fit one more
Swami Dhyan Giten|RELATIONSHIPS & THE INNER BEING The other is a mirror of our own face; the other is a mirror of our inner being. The entire universe is a manifestation of our own inner being. Man is the microcosm and the universe is the macrocosm. In our inner being, we are one with all.True relationships is to see ourselves in all beings and to see all beings in ourselves. The inner being is not only present in human beings, but it is also present in flowers, trees, animals, stones and the stars. The divine exists everywhere in nature. Once we realize this we will never feel alone. We find the communion of the heart everywhere.
Saira Viola, Slide, a Modern Satire on the Excess of Greed|is there any I could get a glass of water?"[waiter]There is no way... I toss and turn many a night trying to think up some way some how I could get glasses of water to costomers but I keep coming up empty..... Legend has it there was a waiter here many years ago... who had figured out a way to do just that but he is long gone and with him the secret. It had something to do with a glass rack and a faucet but no one has been able to put the pieces together so I must say no there is no way. HOW I WISH THERE WAS A WAY!!!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Greatness is not measured by what you have, but by what you give.
John Thomas Nall, GOD SAVE THE SOUTH: And a Treasure Chest of Forbidden Information|The real propaganda is what—if we are genuinely a living member of a nation—we tell ourselves because we have hope, hope being a symbol of a nation's instinct of self-preservation. To remain blind to the unjustness of the cause of the individual "Germany," to recognise at every moment the justness of the cause of the individual "France," the surest way was not for a German to be without judgement, or for a Frenchman to possess it, it was, both for the one and for the other, to be possessed of patriotism.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|It is ethanol that everyone is after when they drink alcoholic beverages. That is what gives us the euphoric feeling, and that is what all vendors of alcoholic drinks are selling.
Gugu Mona|If I want to 'f' a guy, I want to 'f' a guy.
Dorothy Day, Therese|The vanity of Eve, that desire to exercise power, to seduce, to drag down!
Michael Bassey Johnson|There comes a time when one suddenly discovers that there will never be a time for the coming of the perfect person, or believe that God sends people from heaven, so one finds a random fellow, either righteous or unrighteous, excellent or Impaired, and in no time become what God had ordained.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation.""I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.
Mira Nair|I remember in school once the teacher gave us a speech about anyone can make it if they try, and then she looked at me and said. 'I don't know what you are going to do, Georgie.'
Sam  Hunter, The Devil's Breath|The only way Father is going to be upset in this case, is with the way the two of you are behaving toward one another. We are family, whether you believe it or not. Your lack of faith in Lucifer is what will do the damage in the long run. It has nothing at all to do with the time I spend with him.
ANIKOR Daniel|There is a spiritual call and there is circular call; wherever you have been called, do the work sincerely.
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|In the year 1456 ... a Comet was seen passing Retrograde between the Earth and the sun... Hence I dare venture to foretell, that it will return again in the year 1758.
Deyth Banger|Math is made for idiots, here is what is the proccess in math class. The teacher show you few exercises, show you the formula, show you the way, say everything about the exercises and then she tell you to solve problems. So as for me the proccess is REPEAT!
Fiston Mwanza Mujila, Tram 83|You share the same destiny as everyone else, the same history, the same hardship, the same rot, the same Tram beer, the same dog kebabs, the same narrative as soon as you come into the world. You start out baby-chick or slim-jim or child-soldier. You graduate to endlessly striking student or desperado. If you've got a family on the trains, then you work on the trains; otherwise like a ship you wash up on the edge of hope - a suicidal, a carjacker, a digger with dirty teeth, a mechanic, a street sleeper, a commission agent, an errand boy employed by for-profit tourists, a hawker of secondhand coffins. Your fate is already sealed like that of the locomotives carrying spoiled merchandise and the dying.
Sara Castro-Klarén, Understanding Mario Vargas Llosa|It is as if Little Red Riding Hood had asked the wolf: "Dear Grandmother, what is the truth for?" And the wolf had replied: "The truth helps me tell you better lies.
Giovanna Fletcher, You're the One That I Want|Before I can say anything, It dissolves in my throat And turns into tears.
Matthew Bellamy|Being an atheist means you have to realise that when you die, that really is it. You've got to make the most of what you've got here and spread as much influence as you can. I believe that you only live through the influence that you spread, whether that means having a kid or making music....I don't believe in heaven or hell, I don't really believe in that version.
Steve Brouwer, Sharing the Pie : A Citizen's Guide to Wealth and Power|Astute social commentators had been anticipating this rightward shift since the early 1980s. Bertram Gross predicted, in his book Friendly Fascism, that the United States might arrive at a gentler form of the virulent ultranationalism, antilabor activity, and racism, which coalesced into fascism in Europe in the 1930s. Corporate America would tolerate such a rightward drift, so the argument went, because more government restrictions on personal freedom would enhance business efforts to discipline the labor force and increase corporate profits.
Amit Kalantri|Ordinary men earns responsibility towards their family, extraordinary men earns duty towards their nation.
Norbert Wiener|It is the thesis of this book that society can only be understood through a study of the messages and the communication facilities which belong to it; and that in the future development of these messages and communication facilities, messages between man and machines, between machines and man, and between machine and machine, are destined to play an ever-increasing part.
Caesar J. B. Squitti, The Jesus Christ Code: The Light: The Rainbow of Truths|Sometimes, we are unable to break free because we are held captive by divine assignment because in our problem God has given us a unique purpose.
Albert Einstein, The World As I See It|How can cosmic religious feeling be communicated from one person to another, if it can give rise to no definite notion of a God and no theology? In my view, it is the most important function of art and science to awaken this feeling and keep it alive in those who are receptive to it.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|We walked to meet each other up at the time of our love and then we have been irresistibly drifting in different directions, and there's no altering that.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Worrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength- carrying two days at once. It is moving into tomorrow ahead of time. Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
Hugh Laurie|To me, part of the beauty of a comma is that it offers a rest, like one in music: a break that gives the whole piece of music greater shape, deeper harmony. It allows us to catch our breath.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|Pain had a way of breaking time down. I thought about the next minute, the next hour. There wasn't enough space in my mind to put all those pieces together, to find words to summarise the whole of it. But the "keep going" part, I knew the words for.P151
Maureen F. McHugh|We do not want to be haunds, teacher. We just want the haunds to go elsewhere for easy prey.
Nikki Rowe|With you, it's different. I can see the rest of my life before my eyes and that scares me a little. Men don't tame my wild heart but somehow I crossed your path and have never been the same since.
Rebecca O'Dwyer - Centred Woman|Our challenges will probably always be with us but, as we go on our journey of development, we become more aware of them, we come to accept them more, and they have less power over us.
Voltaire|S'il n'existait pas Dieu il faudrait l'inventer." (If God did not exist he would have to be invented.)
Maggie Nelson|I loved him more than he loved me, and that is a bad place for a woman to be.
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|I miss you in the maddening noise of crowd,I hear your laughter at my folly with sweet indifference,I miss you like a frozen tear finding its course,I miss you in your presence inside me,I miss you in the every breath I take.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|If somebody'd of come in and took a look, men watching a blank TV, a fifty-year old woman hollering and squealing at the back of their heads about discipline and order and recriminations, they'd of thought the whole bunch was crazy as loons.
Steven Magee|We need to stop using fossil fuels as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the two leading replacements of wind and solar have emerging health and environmental problems.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|Intelligence is the capacity to perceive the essential, the what is; and to awaken this capacity, in oneself and in others, is education.
William Saroyan|This is what drives a young writer out of his head, this feeling that nothing is being said.
Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter|So much of history is mystery. We don't know what is lost forever, what will surface again. All objects exist in a moment of time. And that fragment of time is preserved or lost or found in mysterious ways. Mystery is a wonderful part of life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|...everything defiled and degraded. What cannot man live through! Man is a creature that can get accustomed to anything, and I think that is the best definition of him.
Theaetetus|The giving of undue prominence to one fact brings others inexorably on the head of the student to avenge his neglect of them,
Patti Smith, Just Kids|I had no proof that I had the stuff to be an artist, though I hungered to be one
Sean Covey|Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|They say, the sun brings life to the world. The sun will rise and look is it not a corpse? Everything is dead and there are corpses everywhere. Just people and around them silence__that is the world! "Love one another"__who said that? Whose command is that? The pendulum swings unfeelingly, antagonistically. It's two o'clock at night. Her slippers are standing by her bed, as if waiting for her.... No, seriously, when they take her away tomorrow, what shall I do?
Debasish Mridha|Moon reveals it's beauty in darkness to illuminate the world with the light of love. When humanity suffers, let us be like the moon.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|guileless and without vanity,we were still in love with ourselves then. We felt comfortable in our own skins, enjoyed the news that our senses released to us, admired our dirt, cultivated our scars, and could not comprehend this unworthiness.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|A woman in her late sixties described her new iPhone: "it's like having a little time square in my pocketbook. All lights. All the people I could meet.
Christopher Hitchens|Obviously, there must be some connection between the subordination of actual individuals and the grotesque exaltation of symbolic ones like Kim Il Sung.
Sandra Cisneros|I feel like knowledge is power: If you know how to take care of yourself, you can be a better version of yourself.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|No one asks how or what I am doing. They could not care less. We’re all looking glasses, we girls, existing only to reflect their images back to them as they’d like to be seen. Hollow vessels of girls to be rinsed of our own ambitions, wants, and opinions, just waiting to be filled with the cool, tepid water of gracious compliance.A fissure forms in the vessel. I’m cracking open.
Dave Grohl|Those of us who submitted or surrendered our ideas and dreams and identities to the 'leaders' must take back our rights, our identities, our responsibilities.
Olga Custodio|Never let the future disturb you - you will meet it with the same weapons of reason and mind that, today, guard you against the present...
Paige Tyler, In the Company of Wolves|As engine vibrated under him, he tried to tell himself it was all going to work out. It had to. Now that he’d found The One, there was no way in hell he was letting her get away. If that meant he had to move heaven and earth to find a good life for her and her pack mates here in the city, he’d do it. If being with Jayna meant he had to empty out his bank account and sell everything he owned, he was okay with that too.He had friends in other places he could turn to, Family too. His parents owned a huge house and a lot of land outside of Denver. If he showed up with Jayna, her pack, and no job, his family would welcome them with open arms. Okay, maybe his mom would be a little shocked when she found out his girlfriend came with an extended family, but she’d overlook it if there was a possibility of a grandchild in the near future.Becker was still daydreaming about kids with Jayna someday when headlights suddenly appeared in his rear- view mirror. He glanced over, swearing when he saw two vehicles speeding up behind him and closing fast.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|The remnants of my dress hung like tentacles and from my back arched a pari of towering wings, feather-light but suggesting enourmous power. My hair streamed behind me, and I knew that the ring of light around my head would be brighter than ever.“Holy crap!” Xavier blurted
Charlotte Eriksson|Give An African Child Or Adult A Enabled Environment And Proper Facilities Like In The West And See The Many Great Wonders That Would Be Manifested Through This Often Criticized Race. In My Own Case I Was More Fortunate, But Later Transformed From A Soft Heart Person To A Very Stubborn And Stone Heart Person To Enable Me Push On Through. All Those Who Knew Me Could Tell You Of Me Very Well Home And Abroad.
Dinah Shore|When you break it all down, my punk rock is my dad's blues. It's music from the underground, and it's real, and it's written for the downtrodden in uncertain times.
Annoying Orange|You know what they say, Two pairs a company, cheese a croud
Nina George, The Little French Bistro|There is an abandonment, an escape, that physical labor bestows.
James Weldon Johnson|For me, the romantic comedies I love are the ones that pay homage to the genre, but also find their ways to twist it and tweak it.
Sandra Day O'Connor|Power must be used, but it must be tempered by soul-searching and the recognition of our human capacity for error. That is the maxim that should inform our approach to every challenge, from reforming state government to engaging in foreign affairs.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|He cupped her face and held her still, as he looked into her brown eyes; she was all flash and no bang. She talked big, but when it came down to it, she was a simple girl.
Maureen A. Miller, Beyond|But eggshells were made to be broken, and slamming into a 100-story skyscraper at the speed of light would likely do the deed.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|When she wished for love, she wanted a perfect concoction of - respect, care and understanding. You dusted kisses, and hoped she would find all those in the debris.Love, my dear, is more mental than physical.
Santosh Kalwar|A wind starts to blow, without feelings,A song falls in love, without singing,A life will begin in melodies of the strings,May you find all pleasure of the light,God bless, Warrior of Light!
W.H. Auden|Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society must take the place of the victim, and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness.
Cornell Woolrich, The Ten Faces of Cornell Woolrich: An Inner Sanctum Collection of Novelettes and Short Stories|We had bought a kilo of cherries and we were eating them as we walked along. We were both insufferably childish and high-spirited that afternoon and th spectacle we presented, two grown men, jostling each other on the wide sidewalk, and aiming the cherry-pips, as though they were spitballs, into each other's facesm must have been outrageous. And I realized that such childishness was fantastic at my age and the happiness out of which it sprang yet more so; for that moment I really loved Giovanni, who had never seemed more beautiful than he was that afternoon. And, watching his face, I realized that it meant much to me that I could make his face so bright. I saw that I might be willing to give a great deal not to lose that power. And I felt myself flow toward him, as a river rushes when the ice breaks up.
Carolyn Turgeon, Mermaid|Margrethe watched them paralyzed by the intensity of the emotions moving through her. So much pain and euphoria, a sense that even though her own heart was broken, the world could contain such beauty and magic she almost could not bear it? What did her own pain matter, in the face of that?
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I only have one story now.The story was heroin. It was made out of sensation, not words; it was invisible and murderous and unstoppable. Sam disappeared from her slowly, like a snowman melting, until all Blanca had left of him was a pool of freezing-cold blue water, arctic cold, sorrow colored, evaporating with every year. She did her best to hold onto him, but it was impossible, like carrying ice into the desert or making time stand still. After the final fight when Sam moved out, Blanca saw him less and less often. He no longer had a presence; he was like the outline of a person, an absence rather than a full-fledged human being.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|We follow the codes not because they bring gain, but because we loathe the people we would otherwise become.
Karen Armstrong|The characters I've played have been mostly violent, and I'm so far from being violent or aggressive. I spend a lot of time watching 'Fireman Sam' with my three-year-old son Louis.
Galations 6 14|As for me, God forbid that I should boast about anything except the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ. Because of that cross, my interest in this world died long ago, and the world's interest in me is also long dead.
C.S. Lewis|Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.
Sean DeLauder, The Speaker for the Trees|Its complicated, on one level. On another, its the same old stupid story - we aren't enlightened. We disagree, fall in love, and hate eachother, the whole spectrum of human experience. We have differences of opinion, and sometimes, we can't resolve those differences peacefully. If a disagreement goes for long enough, and is important enough, people start to take sides. Once people start to take sides, conflict is inevitable.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|Perhaps it’s impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be. She thought of that, worried about it for a few days, and then wrote a column using that as a premise, to show that politicians who toadied to the Russians in order to keep the peace would inevitably end up subservient to them in everything.
Rabindranath Tagore, Gitanjali: Song Offerings|I shall ever try to drive all evils away from my heart and keep my love in flower, knowing that thou hast thy seat in the inmost shrine of my heart.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Hardship is a legitimate test of character, resilience a legitimate sign of strength and patience a legitimate mark of faith.
Jim Carroll, Fear of Dreaming: The Selected Poems|Poverty of young men alone behind thestairways, who practicealchemy inside bottle caps, who knowthe altruism of a last syringe.
Aberjhani, Collected Visions of a Skylark Dressed in Black|What hell condemned, let heaven now heal.
Gerald Durrell|We all travelled light, taking with us only what we considered to be the bare essentials of life. When we opened our luggage for Customs inspection, the contents of our bags were a fair indication of character and interests. Thus Margo’s luggage contained a multitude of diaphanous garments, three books on slimming, and a regiment of small bottles each containing some elixir guaranteed to cure acne. Leslie’s case held a couple of roll-top pullovers and a pair of trousers which were wrapped round two revolvers, an air-pistol, a book called Be Your Own Gunsmith, and a large bottle of oil that leaked. Larry was accompanied by two trunks of books and a brief-case containing his clothes. Mother’s luggage was sensibly divided between clothes and various volumes on cooking and gardening. I travelled with only those items that I thought necessary to relieve the tedium of a long journey: four books on natural history, a butterfly net, a dog, and a jam-jar full of caterpillars all in imminent danger of turning into chrysalids. Thus, by our standards fully equipped, we left the clammy shores of England.
Timothy Hallinan, The Fame Thief|Every great accomplishment has its share of struggle, adversity and pain. Great achievement cannot exist without them. To reap the rewards of success in our marriages, in the lives of our children, and in our professional careers we must be prepared to push through some pretty tough moments. But trust me... on the other side of that struggle awaits an intrinsic reward that is worth more than gold. ~Jason Versey
Iris Murdoch, A Word Child|Amo amas amat amamus amatis amant amavi amavisti amavit amavimus amavistis amaverunt amavero amaveris amaverit… Everything was love. Everything will be love. Everything has been love. Everything would be love. Everything would have been love. Ah, that was it, the truth at last. Everything would have been love. The huge eye, which had become an immense sphere, was gently breathing, only it was not an eye nor a sphere but a great wonderful animal covered in little waving legs like hairs, waving oh so gently as if they were under water. All shall be well and all shall be well said the ocean. So the place of reconciliation existed after all, not like a little knot hole in a cupboard but flowing everywhere and being everything. I had only to will it and it would be, for spirit is omnipotent only I never knew it, like being able to walk on the air. I could forgive. I could be forgiven. I could forgive. Perhaps that was the whole of it after all. Perhaps being forgiven was just forgiving only no one had ever told me. There was nothing else needful. Just to forgive. Forgiving equals being forgiven, the secret of the universe, do not whatever you do forget it. The past was folded up and in the twinkling of an eye everything had been changed and made beautiful and good.
Rudolf Steiner|I know it affected me when I saw certain actors growing up. I had a drama teacher that would take us to see plays in New York, and it was seeing James Earl Jones and Raul Julia - I mean, this guy comes from the place my mother comes from. He's doing Shakespeare right now, and it doesn't seem to matter that he has an accent.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|People are fighting so hard for attention and recognition, rather than fighting for their goals and dreams. They get attention they ask for, but their dreams are not known nor lived.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Out of all the magic words in existence, kind words produce the most powerful transformation spells.
Emily M. Danforth, The Miseducation of Cameron Post|I would often sit in the corner of the room wearing Dad's massive headphones, carefully replaying the records time after time. It was something I did frequently throughout my childhood with music, comedy and film, inspiring my own creative imagination, the headphones rendering the experience intensely personal, as though it were all happening inside my own head.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If a religious book makes you harbor ill thoughts about those with differing faith, then, you're reading the wrong crap of late.
Peter Higgs|Compared to the unleashed forces of warfare and of faith, Mount Vesuvius was kinder to the legacy of antiquity.
Tessa Dare, A Night to Surrender|I'm not going to accept your challenge. There will be no duel.""Why not? Because I'm a woman?""No, because I've seen the way you spinsters handle a pistol. You'd shoot me dead where I stood.
Mona Awad, 13 Ways of Looking at a Fat Girl|What does she even eat, do you think?""Tea fungus,"Ruth says. "Unsweetened. From an eye dropper. Is what I picture. either that or some sort of sea vegetable.""Sad," I say."It is," Ruth muses.We decide to order two skim milk cappuccinos and split a gluten-free carrot cake cupcake.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The greatest choices are great love, great life and great deeds.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is the slightest insistence, there is no religion there!
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|I take my metal canister of tea off the shelf. It is my own mixture of dried lavender blossoms and lemon balm, harvested from my garden and hung in the storeroom to dry. Weed helped me hang these stalks, I think. His hands touched these tender leaves, just as they touch me.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict|In the candle's flickering light, the library's thousands of books emerged from the shadows, and for a moment Nicholas could not help admiring them again. During free time he had almost never looked up from the pages he was reading, but now he saw the books anew, from without rather than from within, and was reminded of how beautiful they were simply as objects. The geometrical wonder of them all, each book on its own and all the books together, row upon row, the infinite patterns and possibilities they presented. They were truly lovely.
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|I have heard the predictable slew of insults, threats, epithets, and curses. Underneath all these, I hear their fear. They don’t want to hurt me, though I may serve as a stand-in for a man who they do want to hurt. They want to scare me because fear is the only way they have learned to feel powerful.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|When it happened I was terrified. I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep. I was a cliche. I looked at myself in the mirror and in my eyes was a look I had never seen before: confusion, mystery and, yes, happiness. I had fallen in love.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Sciences and Arts (1st Discourse) and Polemics|Europe had fallen back into the barbarity of the first ages. People from this part of world, so enlightened today, lived a few centuries ago in a state worse than ignorance. Some sort of learned jargon much more despicable than ignorance had usurped the name of knowledge and set up an almost invincible obstacle in the way of its return. A revolution was necessary to bring men back to common sense, and it finally came from a quarter where one would least expect it. It was the stupid Muslim, the eternal blight on learning, who brought about its rebirth among us.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|Perhaps priest and magician were once one, but the priest, learning humility in the face of God, discarded the spell for prayer.
Liane Moriarty|If there is any truth to my parenting the dreamwork movement, it comes from the power of the press.
Carolyn Jess-Cooke, The Guardian Angel's Journal|Snake's LullabyBrother, sister, flick your tongueand taste the flakes of autumn sun.Use these last few hours of goldto travel, travel toward the cold.Before your coils grow stiff and dull,your heartbeat slows to winter's lull,seek the sink of sheltered stonesthat safely cradle sleeping bones.Brother, sister, find the waysback to the deep and tranquil bays,and 'round each other twist and foldto weave a heavy cloak of cold.
Tijan, Fallen Crest Public|Malinda moved so we were eye-level. "Forget the people who've hurt you. You don't have them anymore, but you have two others that'll do anything to you. Mason and Logan would move mountains for you. I see how you are with them. You love them, but you're scared to let yourself be happy. Why? Because that's when they'll leave? Is that what you think? You've got it all wrong. Those two will never leave you." She tapped my chest. Once. Twice. "You. You're the one that's going to hurt them. You have that power, and you don't know it. You could rip those two apart in a second, and they're the ones who are scared of you. Not the other way around. You need to recognize the real situation.
John Larson|When history looks back, it will prove what I'll die knowing.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Well then, I guess I’m man enough to admit that I’m trying to get in touch with my inner bitch.
Sanjo Jendayi, I Now Pronounce You Single & Happy|I spent most of my adult life in relationships some good, some bad. It took years for me to realize that I was the common denominator in all of these relationships and I needed to love me first.
Sean Connery|Because society would rather we always wore a pretty face, women have been trained to cut off anger.
Akiroq Brost|In everything you encounter in life you have a choice. Even if that choice is just in how you will react and move forward. The moment you become cognizant of your choices is the moment in which you also realize your own power. Choices equal power. You have the power to make things better for yourself. Even if it is just your mindset, which is actually a lot. Your perspective, your take on things, dictates your experience. Your quality of life is contingent on how you see things. Realizing that, is where the real power lies. You can make something from anything.
John LeFevre, Straight to Hell: True Tales of Deviance, Debauchery, and Billion-Dollar Deals|If someone asks you a question and you don't know the answer, belittle them. It's better to be an asshole than look stupid.
Taylor Swift|We all labor against our own cure, for death is the cure of all diseases
Margaret Mitchell|What makes the perfect kiss? Closing your eyes when you kiss is important. Or lifting up the leg, but that's more of a girl thing, I'm manly. Passion is good! She brings out the best in me. (Selena)
Trisha Yearwood|My failures may be my greatest successes. It is in failure that I have often drawn closer to God, learn to depend more on Him than myself, gained self-knowledge, and seen things in their right perspective.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Focusing on thoughts or images that make you feel good will enable you to be at a higher level energetically and, consequently, will draw to you a higher level of vibrational experience. In other words, positive thoughts will attract positive experiences. The reverse is also true. If you’ve fallen into the habit of negative obsessing and/or fear-based thinking, you need to know that you can shift to a healthier, happier mindset.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your purpose is God’s success. You can’t pay for what God want to be done. It’s God’s business; it’s his farmland, so when he said he’ll provide the rain, don’t doubt it!
Johan Huizinga|My experience has been in a short 77 years that in the end when you fight for a desperate cause and have good reasons to fight, you usually win.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Through the darkest paths, you can reach the brightest heavens and this marvellous possibility will keep you full of life even in the middle of most horrible utter darknesss!
Frederick Douglass|What matters is that Southern slaves, at least on the larger plantations, created their own AfricanAmerican culture, which helped to preserve some of the more crucial areas of life and thought from white control or domination without significantlyreducing the productivity and profitability of slave labor. Living within this African American culture, sustained by strong community ties, many slaves were able to maintain a certain sense of apartness, of pride, and of independent identity.
Noah Feldman|Like all other law-abiding Americans, I fully support legal immigration.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Management: An art of handling conflicting Egos to meet a common objective, be it political, organisational or societal in nature.
Marina Warner, From the Beast to the Blonde: On Fairy Tales and Their Tellers|I believe that our lives, just like fairy tales - the stories that have been written by us humans, through our own experiences of living - will always have a Hero and a Heroine, a Fairy Godmother and a Wicked Witch.
W. Bernard Carlson, Tesla: Inventor of the Electrical Age|Ever wonder why your cat jumps on the lap of the guest that doesn't like cats? It is because people who don't like cats will do things cats like during greetings. They squint their eyes, turn their heads and avoid direct contact with the cat. The cat's view is these people are saying hello and being non-threatening, and, sure enough, he ends up on their lap.
Onyi Anyado|In five minutes you should know if people have confirmed, calculated & considered your vision.
Roger Scruton, Conservative Texts: An Anthology|I have been studying the principles of socialism deeply of late, and I came to the conclusion that I must join the cause. It looked good to me. You work for the equal distribution of property and start in by swiping all you can and sitting on it. Ah, noble scheme! Me for it!
C.A.R. Hoare|I think actually if you take the analogy with other areas of engineering, and increasingly of science and even mathematics, you can see people do not have to learn the vast number of formulae they used to learn. Instead, they have to learn to use the computer effectively. This frees them, I feel, to understand concepts and the foundations while they’re learning the mechanics of the application of the theory.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|I could stay here forever interrupting our talking with kissing, interrupting our kissing with talking.
Thomas Merton|You do not need to know precisely what is happening, or exactly where it is all going. What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith and hope.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|You could have fooled me. Everytime I called you, Luke said you were sick. I figured you were avoiding me. Again.""I wasn't. I did want to talk to you. I've been thinking about you all the time.""I've been thinking about you, too.""I really was sick. I swear. I almost died back there on the ship, you know.""I know. Everytime you almost die, I almost die myself.
Christopher Hitchens, Arguably: Selected Essays|It is pardonable for children to yell that they believe in fairies, but it is somehow sinister when the piping note shifts from the puerile to the senile.
Debasish Mridha|If someone believes in god, is he a liar? He never saw god or any proof or evidence of god. He only heard about god.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|But if you were matched," I say softly, "What do you think she'd be like?""You," he says, almost before I've finished. "You,
Anaïs Nin, Mirages: The Unexpurgated Diary of Anais Nin|Over and over again I sail towards joy, which is never in the room with me, but always near me, across the way, like those rooms full of gayety one sees from the street, or the gayety in the street one sees from a window. Will I ever reach joy? It hides behind the turning merry-go-round of the traveling circus. As soon as I approach it, it is no longer joy. Joy is a foam, an illumination. I am poorer and hungrier for the want of it. When I am in the dance, joy is outside in the elusive garden. When I am in the garden, I hear it exploding from the house. When I am traveling, joy settles like an aurora borealis over the land I leave. When I stand on the shore I see it bloom on the flag of a departing ship. What joy? Have I not possessed it? I want the joy of simple colours, street organs, ribbons, flags, not a joy that takes my breath away and throws me into space alone where no one else can breathe with me, not the joy that comes from a lonely drunkenness. There are so many joys, but I have only known the ones that come like a miracle, touching everything with light.
Sara Sheridan|People make interesting assumptions about the profession. The writer is a mysterious figure, wandering lonely as a cloud, fired by inspiration, or perhaps a cocktail or two.
Sam Keen, To Love and Be Loved|We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Neil Gaiman|If you don't know it's impossible, it's easier to do.
Alexander Skarsgard|Every now and then, a lot of bands doing the same kind of music will organically sprout up at once.
Matthieu Ricard, Happiness: A Guide to Developing Life's Most Important Skill|We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory.
Doug Cook, Taekwondo: A Path to Excellence|Our true nature is bliss. That bliss is like the sun that always shines. It remains ever present, but the events in life and clouds of worry and even emotions like happiness may obscure it like storm clouds obscure the sun.
Poppet, Ryan|He turns back to me, a strong hand swooping down and sculpting hair off my face, familiar looking arms curling back around me and cradling me into a chest harder and hotter than a mountain left baking in the Australian outback.
Nell Zink, Mislaid|When the past is hard to explain, it’s best to concentrate on the future.
Simone de Beauvoir|We're fighting for unhappiness?" Noah asked skeptically. "It sounds a bit crazy when you put it that way."Nijinsky laughed, delighted. "Oh, it is." Then, serious again, he said, "We fight for the right to be what we choose,to feel what we choose. Even if what we choose seems crazy to others.""If it's all the same to you, I'll fight for revenge," Sadie said.Nijinsky's eyes glittered. "Oh, yes. That's fine with me.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Persistent smile brings out hollow dimples, and persistent frowns brings out hollow wrinkles.
Lee Atwater|Ever wonder why the media never refers to 18 or 19 year old American soldiers as "armed teens"?
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Oh, I usually pray in Spanish, speak French to my boyfriend, curse in Dutch, and talk German to my German Shepherd
Dick Armey|I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal, but I am dedicated to my work and that's what counts.
Jackie Evancho|I promised my mom that if, after a year of putting 150 percent into my career it didn't work out, I would go back to school. I never did go back.
Laura Wiess, Such a Pretty Girl|What's the point of obsessing over cholesterol or bike helmets or even cigarettes when the biggest threats to our children are being released back into society every day? Yes, maybe 'some' of them have reformed, but what about the ones who haven't? Doesn't anyone realize that one 'touch', one 'time' will destroy a child's life ten times faster than a pack-a-day habit?
Henry David Thoreau|My desire for knowledge is intermittent; but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant. The highest that we can attain to is not Knowledge, but Sympathy with Intelligence. I do not know that this higher knowledge amounts to anything more definite than a novel and grand surprise on a sudden revelation of the insufficiency of all that we called Knowledge before,—a discovery that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy.
David R. Ellis|You need someone to tell you how to do things like hitting your marks, or driving a car so it looks right or getting out of a car so it doesn't take a million years of screen time.
Claire Zorn, One Would Think the Deep|He didn't sleep. His mother was too close. He could see every crease on her face, every worry line he'd ever given her.
Dada Bhagwan|All the energy is destroyed due to conflict. That is why the infinite energy of the soul does not manifest (is not seen). If the slightest negative intent occurs, or the eye raises (on someone), it is conflict. What happens if you collide with a wall? You will crack your head. In the absence of conflict alone, man could go to moksha. If one learns only this: ‘I do not want to get into conflict with anyone’, he will go directly to moksha. Then no guru or anyone else would be needed in between.
Sojourner Truth|I think it's important for little girls growing up, and young women, to have one in every walk of life. So from that point of view, I'm proud to be a role model!
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|Past age fifty-five, I experienced the advancement of exquisite fabric choices, paint distinctions that were celestial in scope, yet so many other man-made objects, such as people, became drab, redundant and boring.
Heather O'Neill, The Girl Who Was Saturday Night|On of the reasons that I wanted to study literature was because it exposed everything. Writers looked for secrets that had never been mined. Every writer has to invent their own magical language, in order to describe the indescribable. They might seem to be writing in French, English, or Spanish, but really they were writing in the language of butterflies, crows, and hanged men.
David G. McAfee|It’s perfectly understandable, in my opinion, to find good things in the teachings of Jesus Christ or any other figure, mythical or otherwise. But to base your life on the teachings of Jesus as they are portrayed in the Bible and claim that you are not religious is disingenuous.
Megan Boyle|# "I saw the most beautiful cat today. It was sitting by the side of the road, its two front feet neatly and graciously together. Then it gravely swished around its tail to completely encircle itself. It was so fit and beautifully neat, that gesture, and so self-satisfied, so complacent.
Rachael Bermingham|Most days I juggle everything quite well, on the other days there's always red wine.
Joni Eareckson Tada|We're losing our way as a society. If we don't stand up, if we don't say what we think those rights should be, and if we don't protect them, we will very soon find out that we do not have them.
Stephen Ambrose|In 1968, America was a wounded nation. The wounds were moral ones; the Vietnam War and three summers of inner-city riots had inflicted them on the national soul, challenging Americans' belief that they were a uniquely noble and honorable people.
Andrew Jackson|Government has no other end, but the preservation of property.
Richard Flanagan, Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish|The tourists had money and we needed it; they only asked in return to be lied to and deceived and told that single most important thing, that they were safe, that their sense of security—national, individual, spiritual—wasn’t a bad joke being played on them by a bored and capricious destiny. To be told that there was no connection between then and now, that they didn't need to wear a black armband or have a bad conscience about their power and their wealth and everybody else’s lack of it; to feel rotten that no-one could or would explain why the wealth of a few seemed so curiously dependent on the misery of the many. We kindly pretended that it was about buying and selling chairs, about them asking questions about price and heritage, and us replying in like manner.But it wasn’t about price and heritage, it wasn’t about that at all.The tourists had insistent, unspoken questions and we just had to answer as best we could, with forged furniture. They were really asking, 'Are we safe?' and we were really replying, 'No, but a barricade of useless goods may help block the view.' And because hubris is not just an ancient Greek word but a human sense so deep-seated we might better regard it as an unerring instinct, they were also wanting to know, 'If it is our fault, then will we suffer?' and we were really replying, 'Yes, and slowly, but a fake chair may make us both feel better about it.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|I give you my name, my earthly possessions, and my eternal love. But of all the things I have, the thing I want most to give you are my eyes, these eyes that see how magnificently beautiful you are.
Lewis Carroll, The Hunting of the Snark|The thing she realised in that moment, that fraction of waiting, was lost. Nothing could bring the thing back, no words could make the thing solid and visible and therefore to be coped with. Solid and visible form was what she had been seeking. I will put this into visible language.
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|On reflection, looking at shows like this and considering my own experiences, what fascinated me was that we have so many stories like this that help us empathize with monstrous men. “Yes, these men are flawed, but they are not as evil as this man.” Even more chilling, they tend to be stories that paint women as roadblocks, aggressors, antagonists, complications—but only in the context of them being a bitch, a whore, a Madonna. The women are never people.Stories about monstrous men are not meant to teach us how to empathize with the women and children murdered, but with the men fighting over their bodies.As a woman menaced by monsters, I find this particularly interesting, this erasure of me from a narrative meant to, if not justify, then explain the brokenness of men. There are shows much better at this, of course, which don’t paint women out of the story—Mad Men is the first to come to mind, and Game of Thrones—but True Detective doubled down.The women terrorized by monsters in real life are active agents. They are monster-slayers, monster-pacifiers, monster-nurturers, monster-wranglers—and some of them are monsters, too. In truth, if we are telling a tale of those who fight monsters, it fascinates me that we are not telling more women’s stories, as we’ve spun so many narratives like True Detective that so blatantly illustrate the sexist masculinity trap that turns so many human men into the very things they despise.Where are the women who fight them? Who partner with them? Who overcome them? Who battle their own monsters to fight greater ones?Because I have and continue to be one of those women, navigating a horror show world of monsters and madmen. We are women who write books and win awards and fight battles and carve out extraordinary lives from ruin and ash. We are not background scenery, our voices silenced, our motives and methods constrained to sex.I cannot fault the show’s men for forgetting that; they’ve created the world as they see it. But I can prod the show’s exceptional writers, because in erasing the narrative of those whose very existence is constantly threatened by these monsters, including trusted monsters whose natures vacillate wildly, they sided with the monsters.I’m not a bit player in a monster’s story. But with narratives like this perpetuated across our media, it wouldn’t surprise me if that’s how my obituary read: a catalogue of the men who sired me, and fucked me, and courted me.Stories that are not my own.Funny, isn’t it? The power of story.It’s why I picked up a pen.I slay monsters, too.
Lynn C. Tolson, Beyond the Tears: A True Survivor's Story|It’s up to you to make the conscious choices that bring about a better future. Find new methods to deal with old routines. You have to take charge of your life, to be accountable to yourself and responsible toward others.
Sandra L. Schneider|Every day we’re given opportunities, some of us see them and some are too busy to notice.
Kathleen Troia McFarland|The anchors of the Arab consensus have long been Egypt and Saudi Arabia, and both are now weakened forces in Arab politics and diplomacy.
Jim Lovell|I think the universe is pure geometry - basically, a beautiful shape twisting around and dancing over space-time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible is primarily concerned with the story of man’s redemption as it is in Jesus Christ. If you read Scripture and miss the story of salvation, you have missed its message and its meaning.
Craig Venter|I'm a Luddite with computers, and I'm slightly worried about being hacked as well.
C. JoyBell C.|What if you could pick one day of your life, and everything would stop changing, every day would be similar and comparable to that one day, you'd always have the same people with you? If you could do that, would you do it? Would you pick that day and make that choice? We crave for things to stop changing, we wish that things would never change. But if we got what we wanted, there are so many things that are better, that we would never, ever know about. Sure, things would stay the same as that one wonderful day, but then there would be nothing else out there, ever. So can you remember the very first day when everything really did begin to change? Is there a thing that can remind you? Mine is a blue rose, and that's when everything began to change because that's the day I began to believe in things I never believed in before; the day I found three blue roses. Think about your first day of change, can you remember all the new heights you've soared since that day? All the new people? All the better things and times? Would you throw all of that time away? I wouldn't. Instead, I want to finally accept all the things that I couldn't change, which led to me being right here, right now. Maybe we all carry around inside us one day we wish we could keep forever, something we wished never did change. It's time to let go of that day, and soar.
Raheel Farooq|Logic, it is often said, is the study of valid arguments. It is a systematic attempt to distinguish valid arguments from invalid arguments.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|A genuine feminist politics always brings us from bondage to freedom, from lovelessness to loving... There can be no love without justice.
A.L. Kennedy, Paradise|There is a great independence, and a confident immunity to risk, in all drinks made out of cactus.
Scott Weiland|There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.
Sandra Tsing Loh|Even though my first marriage broke up, I'd say that I've had two good marriages and two good men. I've been very lucky. I like to think it's karma because, in a relationship, I give 300 per cent. I'm straight with my men, and I like to think it comes back.
Sharon Law Tucker, How to Be a BadAss - A Survival Guide for Women|OVERREACTING" sounds like "OVARYACTING" Coincidence? I think NOT!!
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|There are a good many people of the same kind as Harry. Many artists are of his kind. These persons all have two souls, two beings within them. Thee is God and the devil in them; the mother's blood and the father's; the capacity for happiness and the capacity for suffering; and in just such a state of enmity and entanglement towards and within each other as were the wolf and man in Harry. And these men, for whom life has no repose, live at times in their rare moments of happiness with such strength and indescribable beauty, the spray of their moment's happiness is flung so high and so dazzlingly over the wide sea of suffering, that the light of it, spreading its radiance, touches others too with its enchantment. Thus, like a precious, fleeting foam over the sea of suffering arise all those works of art, in which a single individual lifts himself for an hour so high above his personal destiny that his happiness shines like a star and appears to all who see it as something eternal and as a happiness of their own.
Анна Ахматова, Избранное|Мы не умеем прощаться,-Всё бродим плечо к плечу.Уже начинает смеркаться,Ты задумчив, а я молчу.В церковь войдем, увидимОтпеванье, крестины, брак,Не взглянув друг на друга, выйдем...Отчего всё у нас не так?Или сядем на снег примятыйНа кладбище, легко вздохнем,И ты палкой чертишь палаты,Где мы будем всегда вдвоем.
Roger Ebert|The ultimate goal of the arriviste’s aspirations is not to acquire a thing of value, but to be more highly esteemed than others. He merely uses the “thing” as an indifferent occasion for overcoming the oppressive feeling of inferiority which results from his constant comparisons.
Michael Eklund|I'm born and raised in Mexico. I only spent eight months in the States, but definitely English is a really big part of my life, and I love it. Thank God my mom put me in American school because I'm able to be working in the States, and it opens a lot more doors being half and not being only one. It's cool because I get to turn it on and off.
John Gregory Dunne|I do as much comedy as I possibly can, but I'm basically limited by the imagination of the secretaries who make the decisions.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
William Shakespeare, King Henry IV, Part 1|Glendower: I can call the spirits from the vasty deep.Hotspur: Why, so can I, or so can any man;But will they come, when you do call for them?
Petra Hermans|Master To Be Mastered A MasterReligious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansReligion of Blue CircleOctober 18, 2016Michael Andreas Helmuth Ende
Elizabeth Redfern, The Music of the Spheres|Stars are like animals in the wild. We may see the young but never the actual birth, which is a veiled and secret event.
Christopher Hitchens|As the time goes by, you change, your learn new things, your attitude is different. For the moment, I'm still enjoying ski racing so much that it would be difficult for me to think about ending my career.
W.H. Auden|Moreover, if great men are the only hope of the Evolutionary Process, they are morally bound to rule over the masses for their own good -- we are all here on earth to help others: what on earth the others are here for, I don't know -- and the masses have no right whatsoever to resist them.
Unknown|Suicide is not a choice, it is what is left when everything else fails.
Eugenie Bouchard|As a kid, I would wake up, and there'd be a jazz funeral while I'm walking to school. And when I come home, you can find Rebirth band playing for a birthday party the same day.
Tsunetomo Yamamoto|Throughout your life advance daily, becoming more skillful than yesterday, more skillful than today. This is never-ending.
Walker Percy, The Moviegoer|I would like to explode, flow, crumble into dust, and my disintegration would be my masterpiece.
Arash Tabish|I think the world that we are living in has enough space and opportunities for all of us, we don’t need to fight with others, make war everywhere or destroy the life of someone else in order to get what we want, instead we need to be kind, be honest and be helpful to others and love them unconditionally. Let's remember that we need to work hard and have self confident in order to get what we want.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some [young people] are taking pills called “heaven or hell” drugs, because you’re liable to experience either one.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|The polarity between the male and female principles exists also within each man and each woman. Just as physiologically man and woman each have hormones of the opposite sex, they are bisexual also in the psychological sense. They carry in themselves the principle of receiving and of penetrating, of matter and of spirit. Man—and woman—finds union within himself only in the union of his female and his male polarity. This polarity is the basis for all creativity.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|He who grows not in the knowledge of Jesus, refuses to be blessed.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|Yeah, I get it. I'll be cool as a well digger's ass."	He jumped when the front door slammed shut, the harsh bang echoing around the trees.	Mitch shook his head. "That well digger must be working in a hot spring.
Gene Edward Veith Jr., Loving God With All Your Mind: How to Survive and Prosper As a Christian in the Secular University and Post-Christian Culture|The only sure rule is to remember that the Bible is indeed God's gift to the church, to equip that church for its work in the world, and that serious study of it can and should become one of the places where, and the means by which, heaven and earth interlock and God's future purposes arrive in the present.
Rachel Carson|Perhaps soul mates don’t exist, I thought. Maybe they were only a way to get over a loss that couldn’t be forgotten, a way to mend a heart that was unredeemable—an aberrant remedy that dissolved long before the healing began. A way to love a numberless amount of times when it was finite all along. Perhaps love was this illusory wonder and we were reaching for the impossible. Maybe it wasn’t likely to know someone so completely and maybe, just maybe… there was no beauty in having a soul.
J. Christopher Herold, Bonaparte in Egypt|Historians are lenient to those who succeed and stern to those who fail; in this, and this alone, they display strong political sense.
Edith Head|It has been said that time heals all wounds. I don't agree. The wounds remain. Time - the mind, protecting its sanity - covers them with some scar tissue and the pain lessens, but it is never gone.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Without awareness, we are not truly alive.
Edmund Campion, Australian Catholic Lives|We human beings are story-tellers, we pass on our values through the stories we tell. This is particularly true of Catholics, who get their identity through their histories, which they see as salvation history linking them to the saving actions of Christ. So, for Catholics, doing history – passing on the values by telling stories – is a pastoral imperative. We must look where we have been in order to know where we are going.
Jacob Bronowski|Man masters nature not by force, but by understanding
Ron Baratono|Dear God, I’m afraid of the things that I don’t understand. I’m even afraid of you, God. Please open my heart to your love. Show me how to understand and how to live with you each day. I don’t want to look weak, God, but the truth is I am weak because I don’t know you at all. Please come into my heart and allow me to push aside my pride and accept you totally into my life. Thank you for saving me. In Jesus’s name, I pray, amen.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All those who die in the Lord, will rise in the resurrection day.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Take the chance, change is possible.
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|The information. Every bit that of information that was ever in your brain. But the information is not the mind Jenna. That we've never accomplished before. What we've done with you is groundbreaking. We cracked the code. The mind is an energy that the brain produces. Think of a glass ball twirling on your fingertip. If it falls, it shatters into a million pieces. All the parts of a ball are still there, but it will never twirl with that force on your fingertip again. The brain is the same way.
Fulton J. Sheen, Philosophy of Science|Generalization is a natural human mental process, and many generalizations are true—in average. What often does promote evil behavior is the lazy, nasty habit of believing that generalizations have anything at all to do with individuals.
Henry James, The American|Around them there was nothing but silence, as if all the world were holding its breath.
Juan Antonio Samaranch|Happiness is understanding that friendship is more precious than mere things, more precious than getting your own way, more precious than being in situations where true principles are not at stake.
Harry Bernstein|The women cried with one another, and it didn't seem to matter whether you were Jewish or Christian, you just mourned.
Elizabeth Payson Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|She says I shall now have one mouth the more to fill and two feet the more to shoe, more disturbed nights, more laborious days, and less leisure or visiting, reading, music, and drawing.Well! This is one side of the story, to be sure, but I look at the other. Here is a sweet, fragrant mouth to kiss; here are two more feet to make music with their pattering about my nursery. Here is a soul to train for God; and the body in which it dwells is worth all it will cost, since it is the abode of a kingly tenant. I may see less of friends, but I have gained one dearer than them all, to whom, while I minister in Christ's name, I make a willing sacrifice of what little leisure for my own recreation my other darlings had left me. Yes, my precious baby, you are welcome to your mother's heart, welcome to her time, her strength, her health, her tenderest cares, to her lifelong prayers! Oh, how rich I am, how truly, how wondrously blest!
Plato|The soul of him who has education is whole and perfect and escapes the worst disease, but, if a man's education be neglected, he walks lamely through life and returns good for nothing to the world below.
Chögyam Trungpa|Whether we eat, sleep, work, play, whatever we do life contains dissatisfaction, pain. If we enjoy pleasure, we are afraid to lose it; we strive for more and more pleasure or try to contain it. If we suffer pain we want to escape it. We experience dissatisfaction all the time. All activities contain dissatisfaction or pain, continuously.
Linda Medley, Castle Waiting, Vol. 2|She has built her whole life on the foundation of beauty: each chiseled plane, each sloping dimple, each soft curve as crucial as keystones in the cathedral of her body.
Chris Dee|I've always felt Lex Luthor is intensely threatened by any status or distinction he can’t buy, hence the antipathy to Superman's powers and Bruce Wayne's status as old money. Money is Luthor's superpower, and anything he can’t obtain or control with it is his kryptonite. Unlike Superman, he takes a proactive view of his kryptonite. It shouldn’t exist and he’ll do all he can to eradicate it wherever he finds it.
J. Gresham Machen|I cannot tell you that the sacrifice will be light: it is a serious thing to stand against the whole current of an age; it is a serious thing to be despised and hated by the generality of one's fellow men. Yet that is increasingly the lot of the true Christian today. He will not, indeed, be inclined to complain; for he has something with which all that he has lost is not worthy to be compared; and he knows that despite temporary opposition the ultimate future belongs to him and to His Lord. But for the present he is called upon to endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. It can hardly be said that unworthy motives of self-interest can lead a man to enter into a calling in which he will win nothing but reproach.
Rufus Wainwright|I love the solitary, romantic idea of writing.
Michael Levitt|Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him.
Dr. Seuss|I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
Karen Harrington, Sure Signs of Crazy|I'm sorry to bother you," she whispered. "When I get excited about a movie I want to talk. I can't help it.
William Carey|-make them lose their faith in happiness as the Sovereign Good and take to believing instead, that the goal was somewhere beyond, somewhere outside the present human sphere; that the purpose of life was not the maintenance of well-being...
J. N. HALM|A business that is not in love with its customers, but only the money they bring, should not expect love back.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A leader, who divides his own people, contaminates his platform and begins to destroy his own territory.
Maurice Sendak|But the wild things cried, “Oh please don’t go - we’ll eat you up - we love you so!”And Max said, “No!”The wild things roared their terrible roars and gnashed their terrible teeth and rolled their terrible eyes and showed their terrible claws but Max stepped into his private boat and waved goodbye.
Kirpal Singh, The Best of Kirpal Singh|The echo of a red rose at the sunset, you decided to check out.
Dada Bhagwan|Tremendous my-ness’ [mamta] is bound in the presence of Soul [Atma], and it is also in the presence of Soul that this my-ness is tremendously dissipated.
Bill Gates|When you have money in hand,only you forget who are you .But when you do not have any money in your hand,the whole world forget who you are.It's life.
Michael Grunwald, The Swamp: The Everglades, Florida, and the Politics of Paradise|Compared to forest or aquatic ecosystems, grassland is unstable. It requires rather precise geological and climatic conditions, and if these conditions are not maintained--if too much rain falls, or too little--it quickly turns into forest or desert, both of which are dominated by woody plants. This instability is reflected in the spectacular but brief careers of various grassland faunas. Humanity, with its dazzling symbioses, preadaptations, and neoteny, is the most spectacular of these--and may well be the briefest.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|Lies can't grow. Once plucked they can only wither. But every truth, once planted, grows into a tall, noble tree. 
Vic Snyder|It is our conduct, our patriotism and belief in our American way of life, our courage that will win the final battle.
Anna Kendrick|It's important to me that I don't get trapped in the whole teen scene, because I feel that you can get lost in those kind of movies, and they aren't really about the actors; they're about the selling of the concept, and how much money it makes.
Robert Watson, Leadership Secrets of the Salvation Army|Genius does what it must, and Talent does what it can.
Kersten Hamilton, Tyger Tyger|Dont ever be impressed with goal setting; be impressed with goal getting. Reaching new goals and moving to a higher level of performance always requires change, and change feels awkward. But take comfort in the knowledge that if a change doesn't feel uncomfortable, then it's propably not really a change.
Joey Graceffa, In Real Life: My Journey to a Pixelated World|My head seems to be rumbling. Then I realize it’s the sky. It’s thunder. Suddenly, warm raindrops fall on us, spraying us until we’re completely wet. Raffe ignores it and continues to kiss me. We hold each other, pressing tighter and harder together. We fly in each other’s arms in the rain over a smoldering hell.
G.R. Gopinath|Successful business people became successful because they took risks. The biggest risk is that once successful, they stop taking risks.
Nikki Rowe|I like life, it's wonderous and chaotic and somewhere in the middle I've created a safe place to do my thing in the world ~ I can't ask for much more & I am already so thankful when everything I got
Cat Osterman|You had to be into sport and, sad to say, I'm a traitor to my country because I don't have a sporting bone in my body.
Robert Bly|It is not our job to remain whole.We came to lose our leavesLike the trees, and be born again,Drawing up from the great roots.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Just slowly, among his growing riches, Siddhartha had assumed something of the childlike people's ways for himself, something of their childlikeness and of their fearfulness. And yet, he envied them, envied them just the more, the more similar he became to them. He envied them for the one thing that was missing from him and that they had, the importance they were able to attach to their lives, the amount of passion in their joys and fears, the fearful but sweet happiness of being constantly in love. These people were all of the time in love with themselves, with women, with their children, with honours or money, with plans or hopes.
Lauren Beukes, Zoo City|In all seriousness, Archer claims that if you, as a living, alive person, hear the song "You're the One That I Want" from the musical Grease three times in a single day - seemingly by accident, whether in an elevator, on a radio, a telephone hold button, or whatever - it indicates that you'll surely die before sunset.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|Your first 10,000 photographs are your worst.
Nakul Yadav|I want fame now, not after I'm dead.
Tarja Moles, Xenophobe's Guide to the Finns|Society has put up so many boundaries, so many limitations on what’s right and wrong that it’s almost impossible to get a pure thought out. It’s like a little kid, a little boy, looking at colors, and no one told him what colors are good, before somebody tells you you shouldn’t like pink because that’s for girls, or you’d instantly become a gay two-year-old. Why would anyone pick blue over pink? Pink is obviously a better color. Everyone’s born confident, and everything’s taken away from you
Liza Minnelli|I myself have never been enchanted by the dream of the white wedding, and, heaven help us, the expectation that this exquisitely catered event should be 'the happiest moment' of one's life.
Megan Abbott, Die a Little|They watch her when she comes to City Hall, they watch her at the social events, they watch the way she walks, hips rolling with no suggestion of provocation but with every sense that she knows more than any of the rest. A woman like that, they seem to be thinking, a woman like that has lived.Their wives from Orange County, they come from Minnesota or Dallas or St.Louis. They come from places with families, with sagging mothers and fathers with dead eyes and heavy-hanging brows. They carry their own promise of future slackness and clipped lips and demands. They have sisters, sisther with more babies, babies with sweet saliva hanging and more appliance and with husbands with better salaries and two cars and club membership. They iron in housedresses in front of the television set or by the radio, steam rising, matting their faces, as the children with the damp necks cling on them, sticky-handed. They are this. And Alice… and Alice…
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is only one passion that can help us control the many other passions that plague us; that is the passion to know and obey God. When we get out of touch with Christ, we begin touching the things of the world, trying to fill the void that human flesh craves.
Kristen Ashley, Motorcycle Man|I couldn't imagine myself doing it anymore. It was part of my life that had ended for me, and here was my chance to set out on a fresh course
Carl Safina, Beyond Words: What Animals Think and Feel|Parental care, satisfaction, friendship, compassion, and grief didn’t just suddenly appear with the emergence of modern humans. All began their journey in pre-human beings. Our brain’s provenance is inseparable from other species’ brains in the long cauldron of living time. And thus, so is our mind.
Breaking Benjamin|I don't wanna change the world,I just wanna leave it colder..Light the fuse and burn it up,Take the path that leads to nowhere..
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Of all the ways to lose a person, death is the kindest.
Elizabeth Lesser|We effect more than we can possibly know. With every mood, every thought, every word, every gesture, we change our lives and our universe.
Buzz Aldrin|I think humans will reach Mars, and I would like to see it happen in my lifetime.
Alan W. Watts|We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society.
Hilaire Belloc, On Nothing and Kindred Subjects|You know (to adopt the easy or conversational style) that you and I belong to a happy minority. We are the sons of the hunters and the wandering singers, and from our boyhood nothing ever gave us greater pleasure than to stand under lonely skies in forest clearings, or to find a beach looking westward at evening over unfrequented seas. But the great mass of men love companionship so much that nothing seems of any worth compared with it. Human communion is their meat and drink, and so they use the railways to make bigger and bigger hives for themselves.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|Nanak’s encounter of God and God’s court was in fact a profound hallucinatory Near-Death Experience caused by drowning that strengthened his pre-conceived notion of a rational, compassionate and unorthodox society.
Chandra West|I'm a bit of a romantic, to a fault. It's led me to some great things and also some sad things. It's made me a better person, to keep a good spirit about dating.
