Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Perhaps I am just a coward who loves to laugh at life better than I do cry with it. But when I do get to crying, boy, I can roll a mean tear.
Siobhan Davis, True Calling|The Suitors Ball is fast approaching and it's a nasty reminder that my suitor will be chosen shortly. I feel sorry for the poor unfortunate guy, whichever one of them it happens to be.
José N. Harris, MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love|When you find your path, you must ignore fear. You need to have the courage to risk mistakes. But once you are on that road... run, run, run, and don't stop til you've reached its end.
Charles Sanders Peirce, The Essential Peirce: Selected Philosophical Writings Volume 1: 1867-1893|So... wait. You're saying that on the other side―where I obviously believed in the other side―I realized that if I Returned I wouldn't believe in the other side, so I came back with the purpose of discovering faith in the other side, which I only lost because I Returned in the first place?"Llarimar paused. Then he smiled. "That last one breaks down a little bit in the face of logic, doesn't it?
Thomas Merton|For behind all imperialism is ultimately the imperialistic individual, just as behind all peace is ultimately the peaceful individual.
J.M. Coetzee|if Jesus had stooped to play politics he might have become a key man in Roman Judea, a big operator. It was because he was indifferent to politics, and made his indifference clear, that he was liquidated. How to live one's life outside politics, and one's death too: that was the example he set for his followers.
Charles Bukowski, Women|She would have been a better fuck in Greece, maybe. America was a shitty place to fuck.
Toba Beta|If you want to be immortal, don't ever think about retirement.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|A little pain now and then is normal;The wounds will heal, and then we'll be okay.Life goes on, but not forever,So why should we?
Gail Simone, The Movement, Vol. 2: Fighting for the Future|He’s so outta my league, we’re not even playing the same sport… He’s professional soccer in Europe and I’m intramural badminton in the States.
Carl Lotus Becker, Progress and Power|When you keep seeking to improve, you will never get bored with your craft.
Debasish Mridha|To win the peace, fight with your love and understanding.
J.A. Konrath|No quality imparts apparent strength to its possessors more effectively than faith. From hospital beds to battlefields, it is the iron that strengthens a man to confront his destiny.
Earl Wilson|I would like not only to have a successful band, but I want to have children, a home, and a husband. Two or three. Children, not husbands!!!
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|It's never either-or, never enjoyment versus advancement, so long as you conceive of advancement in terms of learning rather than climbing to the next rung of the professional ladder. You are getting ahead if you learn, even if you wind up staying on the same rung.
Vladimir Putin|When I was a kid, I did many sports. Judo, like my dad, but also volleyball, handball, and gymnastics. We never played much football.
Molly Friedenfeld|The voice was cool, drawling, and insolent, but the eyes were something else. She looked about as hard to get as a haircut.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|You can still be cool when you’re dead. In fact, it’s much easier, because you aren’t getting old and fat and losing your hair.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|When personal growth is missing, there is no peace.
James Lankford|As we see thousands of public and private Christmas trees and nativity displays around the country, they remind us again of the powerful American value built into our Constitution: our freedom of religion.
Carolyn Crane, Mind Games|I'm used to desperate, buddy. Desperate's my factory default. But thanks anyway.
Sephiwe Mduduzi Msiza|Man is not the owner of mind but only a user. The nature owns mind, man hires only a small portion of it that too for a brief period.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Do you prefer Mitch? Or is Mitchell better?'.. .. Mitch, I say. Mitch is what my friends called me. 'Well, Mitch it is then,' Morrie says, as if closing a deal. 'And, Mitch?' Yes? 'I hope one day you will think of me as your friend.
Faith Sullivan, Hold Me Tight|Who needed Prozac when a girl could get Pillsbury without a prescription?" ~Allie Shelby, Personal Assets
John Gardner, In the Suicide Mountains|I do not listen when anyone uses the word immoral," said the Wizard. "In the young it is ridiculous, in the old it is sententious and reactionary and an early warning sign of apoplexy. In the middle-aged, who love and fear the idea of moral life the most, it is hypocritical.
Ann Brashares, The Last Summer|Somewhere I’d heard, or invented perhaps, that the only pleasures found during a waning moon are misfortunes in disguise. Superstition aside, I avoid pleasure during the waning or absent moon out of respect for the bounty this world offers me. I profit from great harvests in life and believe in the importance of seasons.
Matthew Quick|I love Washington. I have an affection for the place. For a satirist, I think it's sort of Disneyland. I mean, you know, there's always some inspiration in the morning's headlines.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|I like it better when my room is pitch black, when the dark is so thick it swallows me up and I feel as if I could drown in it.
Deb Caletti|Sometimes love is a surprise, an instant of recognition, a sudden gift at a sudden moment that makes everything different from then on. Some people will say that's not love, that you can't really love someone you don't know. But, I'm not so sure. Love doesn't seem to follow a plan; it's not a series of steps. It can hit with the force of nature--an earthquake, a tidal wave, a storm of wild relentless energy that is beyond your simple attempts at control.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|People are assholes, Mouse. You already know that.” He paused as he scooped some of my hair back, gently tossing the strands over my shoulder. “And there’s nothing to be embarrassed about.”I glanced over at him. Everything about his steady gaze and the serious press of his lips screamed earnest. But he was wrong. “It is...embarrassing.”“Not if you don’t let it be.” His leg brushed mine as he turned in his seat, facing me. Our eyes met. “You have the power over that. People can say crap. They can think whatever they want, but you control how you feel about it.
Solange nicole|Sometimes... Reason and Love are met with a violent ignorance that even what's right gets lost. Our heart bleeds, but when does the blood shed end and the healing begin?
John Hope|There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring to the world a better life.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Owls|Actually, the “leap of faith”—to give it the memorable name that Soren Kierkegaard bestowed upon it—is an imposture. As he himself pointed out, it is not a “leap” that can be made once and for all. It is a leap that has to go on and on being performed, in spite of mounting evidence to the contrary. This effort is actually too much for the human mind, and leads to delusions and manias. Religion understands perfectly well that the “leap” is subject to sharply diminishing returns, which is why it often doesn’t in fact rely on “faith” at all but instead corrupts faith and insults reason by offering evidence and pointing to confected “proofs.” This evidence and these proofs include arguments from design, revelations, punishments, and miracles. Now that religion’s monopoly has been broken, it is within the compass of any human being to see these evidences and proofs as the feeble-minded inventions that they are.
John Updike|Going back to the moon is not visionary in restoring space leadership for America. Like its Apollo predecessor, it will prove to be a dead end littered with broken spacecraft, broken dreams and broken policies.
Susan Bell, The Artful Edit: On the Practice of Editing Yourself|Though the captives' resistance was dangerous, through such acts, dignity was preserved, and through dignity, life itself.
Rosamund Hodge, Gilded Ashes|I have seen worse things than ghosts, and if one were to appear to me, I should have so many questions to ask of it that it would have no time to groan and moan and shake its chains.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|Ambition had never troubled me, so I decided to begin by watching life at my leisure for a few years, waiting until I finally felt tempted to find some circle of influence for myself.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|Sell it, don't Smell it.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|The answer is neither job, nor paycheck; it is authentic, holistic work born from states of awareness and being. Through the coalescence of joy, wonder, enthusiasm, appreciation, experimentation, perpetual curiosity, exploring new avenues, welcoming surprise and wandering, I have begun the next leg of my journey; I have brought the spirit of the traveler home.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love, and in order to occupy and distract himself without love he gives way to passions and coarse pleasures, and sinks to bestiality in his vices, all from continual lying to other men and to himself.
Nanette Mathews|Have you ever seen a stereogram?The 'Truth' the Stereogram shows us is there in front of us. Training and work doesn't make us see it.It's a point of view, a different way of looking at it.When you see it you try to explain it to someone else and yourealize you can't.It simple, super simple, yet almost impossible to explain.There are 'techniques' to see them but some people may spendyears trying without results. Others can do it in seconds.It doesn't change the fact that the image is there all the time infront of us.And it's Beautiful.
|I truly agree that every man should treat his woman like a Queen. But in return, his woman should appreciate him by treating him like a King. We should always be willing to give as we expect to receive from others.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|Past love is as good as a past dream, intangible, impossible to share.
Ronald D. Moore and Naren Shankar|So, in the end, above ground you must have the Haves, pursuing pleasure and comfort and beauty, and below ground the Have-nots, the Workers getting continually adapted to the conditions of their labour. Once they were there, they would no doubt have to pay rent, and not a little of it, for the ventilation of their caverns; and if they refused, they would starve or be suffocated for arrears. Such of them as were so constituted as to be miserable and rebellious would die; and, in the end, the balance being permanent, the survivors would become as well adapted to the conditions of underground life, and as happy in their way, as the Upper-world people were to theirs.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|Stop caring about what other people think of you, how they perceive you, or if they approve of you. Start to focus on your inner peace.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Have you ever stopped to realize the disrespect that is afoot in our society? From the White House to God's House, and even Mom's house... Just remember that disrespect creates distance. How far have we strayed from home?
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|Well--to put it briefly--Arianna and I had become--well--friends.""I see.""Nothing improper, you understand," Lelldorin said quickly. "But our friendship was such that--well--we didn't want to be separated." The young Asturian's face appealed to his friend for understanding. "Actually," he went on, "it was a little more than 'didn't want to.' Arianna told me she'd die if I left her behind.""Possibly she was exaggerating," Garion suggested."How could I risk it, though?" Lelldorin protested. "Women are much more delicate than we are-- besides, Arianna's a physician. She'd know if she'd die, wouldn't she?
Tahir Shah, Sorcerer's Apprentice|A Better Beard that Yours. 'All true devotees wear a beard,' said the Imam to his audience. 'Show me a thick and lustrous beard and I'll show you a true believer!' 'My goat has a beard far bushier and longer than yours,' replied Nasrudin. 'Does that mean he is a better Muslim than you?
Anthony T. Hincks|Hatred is prevalent on this earth because it requires no real effort, unlike the investment it takes to genuinely understand a person.
Mande Chambers, Surviving Today|No lie, secret, betrayal, or mistake will remain concealed if you have a past.
Pat Conroy, My Losing Season: A Memoir|Discouraged?As I was driving home from work one day, I stopped to watch a local Little League baseball game that was being played in a park near my home. As I sat down behind the bench on the first-baseline, I asked one of the boys what the score was."We’re behind 14 to nothing,” he answered with a smile.“Really,” I said. “I have to say you don’t look very discouraged.”“Discouraged?” the boy asked with a puzzled look on his face. “Why should we be discouraged? We haven’t been up to bat yet.
Brene Brown|If you're asking your kids to exercise, then you better do it, too. Practice what you preach.
Huston Smith, Tibetan Book of the Dead|With mind distracted, never thinking, "Death is coming,"To slave away on the pointless business of mundane life,And then to come out empty--it is a tragic error. (116)trans by Robert Thurman
Debasish Mridha|Only in a crowded, diverse place like New York, surrounded by strangeness, do I come home to myself.
Robert Louis Stevenson|I know the lands are lit, with all the autumn blaze of Goldenrod.
Chelsea Handler|I don't think of myself as a romantic person; I'm kind of more rough and tumble, I think. The things I'm drawn to are outdoorsy, I only get dressed up when I have to. I'm drawn to women who are into the same type of thing. If you're going to call it romantic, I'm very spontaneous. That's probably the best thing I have going for me.
H.P. Landry, Wrecked|When I was twelve, someone stole all those dreams of normal from me." ~ Blake
Charles Lindbergh|I want that longevity in the career, so if you don't know how to get it, you trying to chase that high, you trying to continue to chase your dreams and conquer things you never thought you could get. And you just want to get there too soon, so you taking the wrong moves to try and compensate what's not happening.
Busy Philipps|Not just as a black woman, but as a woman, since the beginning of time, beauty has been our responsibility.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is more powerful than even the sun; light can only enter your eyes, but love can enter your soul.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters|It's nice to watch television but it's even nicer when you've got a drink in your hand,' Gregory Ratcliffe, a Birmingham shopkeeper, told Reynolds News. 'Makes it more intimate somehow. Gives you the feeling that you're in a posh cabaret.
Bob Newhart|Unless someone wants to look funny, I'll not recommend anyone to copy my bowling action. But on a serious note, with the confidence that I have got from the amount of runs I have been scoring, when I'm thrown the ball to bowl, I am pretty sure of what I have to do. I may not be the most attractive to watch while bowling, but I can be effective.
Gary D. Schmidt|You have to dream things out. It keeps a kind of an ideal before you. You see it first in your mind and then you set about to try to make it like the ideal. If you want a garden,-why, I guess you've got to dream a garden.
Usama Ejaz|Don't play with others, or at one day, you will be played by others.
Robert Green Ingersoll|I remember being in Japan when Destiny's Child put out 'Independent Women,' and women there were saying how proud they were to have their own jobs, their own independent thinking, their own goals. It made me feel so good, and I realized that one of my responsibilities was to inspire women in a deeper way.
Alastair Campbell|I'm a disorganized mess. My purse is gross: I once found a shoulder pad, string cheese, and a Christmas ornament in it!
Dada Bhagwan|Principle’ [Established Truth] means everywhere applicable; when there is nothing else, it is called Principle.
Avicenna|There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride, they have yielded to the perennial temptation.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|She is so tiresome. ‘Am I a vampire, am I a wolf, am I a vampire, am I a wolf, I cannot decide, so I’ll be both!
David Gemmell, Fall of Kings|I would have offered you a forest of truth, but you wish to speak of a single leaf
Stephanie Lahart|Paradoxically, admitting your own powerlessness can free you from the need to fix everything and allow us to be truly present to the other person, and to listen. A cartoon in The New Yorker had one woman saying testily to her friend, 'There's no point in our being friends if you won't let me fix you.
John Updike, The Centaur|The brontosaurus had thirty-ton body and a two-ounce brain. The anatosaurus had two thousand teeth. Triceratops had a helmet of filled bone seven feet long. Tyrannosaurus rex had tiny arms and teeth like six-inch razors and it was elected President. It ate everything—dead meat, living meat, old bones—
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|No, Harry, you listen," said Hermione. "We're coming with you. That was decided months ago - years, really.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is what rituals are for. We do spiritual ceremonies as human beings in order to create a safe resting place for our most complicated feelings of joy or trauma, so that we don't have to haul those feelings around with us forever, weighing us down. We all need such places of ritual safekeeping. And I do believe that if your culture or tradition doesn't have the specific ritual you are craving, then you are absolutely permitted to make up a ceremony of your own devising, fixing your own broken-down emotional systems with all the do-it-yourself resourcefulness of a generous plumber/poet.
Louisa May Alcott|Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
Alin Sav|If we would enter God's reality, all the unknown things would become logical.
Mia Love|Regardless of the difficulties we may face individually, in our families, in our communities and in our nation, the old adage is still true - you can make excuses or you can make progress, but you cannot make both!
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|who cares about all the problems and barriers, nothing matters but the Spectacular Now.
M.J. Abraham|My life is filled with buckets of tears; thousands of people shouting in my ears; the humming and chirping of hundreds of Himalayan birds, which are irresistible to hear.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Different narrative forms naturally lend themselves to different aspects of existence. The novel is ideal for presenting the inner lives of its characters, the play is ideal for showing people in a room talking and movies are ideal for showing large metal objects hurtling through the air.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|This inner Being is all powerful, intelligent, indestructible and a storehouse of knowledge and wisdom. This inner core is truly who and what you are and is perpetually trying to connect with your outward self.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Pity, if one can generalize, is at the bottom of woman. When men like us, it is for our better qualities, and however tender their liking, we dare not be unworthy of it, or they will quietly let us go. But unworthiness stimulates woman. It brings out her deeper nature, for good or for evil.
Theodore Roosevelt|There have been two popular subjects for poetry in the last few decades: the Vietnam War and AIDS, about both of which almost all of us have felt deeply.
Debasish Mridha|Niagara Falls is a magnificent fall of dancing, singing, glowing, and flowing liquid love that exists to reconnect broken hearts.
Georgette Heyer, Venetia|Pyotr was the arcane hero, complete with buff body that you secretly whacked off to as a boy. And suddenly he turned and stared straight at him, some carnal fire burning in his eyes now. Pyotr walked for him slow and cautious like he was fighting his own control just then. Cliff could only gape and his eyes followed Pyotr’s hand as it reached out to clap his shoulder then moved him firmly for the car.
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|He opened his eyes to half-cast. With a low rumble he lifted her onto his hips. "Take me to heaven, lassie. For no one but ye can cool the fire thrumming in my blood.
Petra Hermans|What do you call "positive"and what do you call "negative" ?Petra Hermans
David Dweck|To find truth, one must travel a dense fog!
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|Most of us are addicted to non-active reading. The outstanding fault of the non-active or undemanding reader is his inattention to words, and his consequent failure to come to terms with the author.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|That's why I loved being with you. We could do the simplest things, like toss starfish into the ocean and share a burger and talk and even then I knew that I was fortunate. Because you were the first guy who wasn't constantly trying to impress me. You accepted who you were, but more than that, you accepted me for me. And nothing else mattered-- not my family or your family or anyone else in the world. It was just us.
Atul Gawande, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance|I'm sorry, 'herbal medicine', "Oh, herbal medicine's been around for thousands of years!" Indeed it has, and then we tested it all, and the stuff that worked became 'medicine'. And the rest of it is just a nice bowl of soup and some potpourri, so knock yourselves out.
John Dewey, Experience and Nature|I have lived to see that being seventeen is no protection against becoming seventy, but to know this needs the experience of a lifetime, for no imagination copes with it.
Jay Alan Sekulow|FOR a long time the conviction has been dimly felt in the community that, without prejudice to existing institutions, the legal day of weekly rest might be employed to advantage for purposes affecting the general good.
Alana Massey, All the Lives I Want: Essays About My Best Friends Who Happen to Be Famous Strangers|I had heard of Virginia before only in passing, a "crazy ex" with whom things had not ended well. I was accustomed to this lazy shorthand for men who dislike the emotions of women.
Wendell Berry, The Selected Poems of Wendell Berry|The Peace of Wild ThingsWhen despair for the world grows in meand I wake in the night at the least soundin fear of what my life and my children’s lives may be,I go and lie down where the wood drakerests in his beauty on the water, and the great heron feeds.I come into the peace of wild thingswho do not tax their lives with forethoughtof grief. I come into the presence of still water.And I feel above me the day-blind starswaiting with their light. For a timeI rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
Willa Cather, Death Comes for the Archbishop|Only a Woman, divine, could know all that a woman can suffer.
Veronica Wolff, Isle of Night|Tall, dark, and hot leaned against a pillar, watching me as I took my place in line. Tousled dark hair went every which way on his head. His eyes were slitted and intense, like he might need to have sex at any moment. Maybe even with me.
Sting|The music industry is saying, This is the format, and if you'll fit into this format, you can be on radio, and if radio will play you, MTV will expose you, and MTV will expose you, we'll sell records.
Vi Keeland, Throb|Dickhead. He makes a beeline for Kate, not even seeing the other women who are right in front of him. Tunnel vision. He wants her bad. Where have I seen the look on his face before? Oh, yeah. In the mirror.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Anna Petrovna: Kolya, my dearest, stay at home.Ivanov: My love, my unhappy darling, I beg you, don't stop me going out in the evenings. It's cruel and unjust on my part, but let me commit that injustice. It's an agony for me at home. As soon as the sun disappears, my spirit begins to be weighed down by depression. What depression! Don't ask why. I myself don't know. I swear by God's truth I don't know. Here I'm in anguish, I go to the Lebedevs and there it's still worse; I return from there and here it's depression again, and so all night... Simply despair!
Cara Elliott, To Surrender To A Rogue|Sweet Jesus," he whispered, trailing kisses along the line of her jaw. "Our excavation must have freed some deep, dark ancient enchantment from the earth. How else to explain this magic?
Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People|A slow but steady transformation of deviance has taken place in American society. It has not been a change in behavior as such, but in how behavior is defined. Deviant behaviors that were once defined as immoral, sinful, or criminal have been given medical meanings. Some say that rehabilitation has replaced punishment, but in many cases medical treatments have become a new form of punishment and social control.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You've got to go to Boston, and you've got to go there NOW!!
Allana Kephart, Best Thing I Never Had|Okay, you gotta be nice to him, " I say, coaxing the white fur-ball into my hands. "I will," Nate says, and I smile over my shoulder. "I was actually talking to Mr. Pippi. He's a bit of a butthole.
Lena Coakley|Derek cuddled his daughter against his shoulder and spoke in a mixture of baby words and cockney, a language only she seemed to understand.
Taraji P. Henson|Those men are most apt to be obsequious and conciliating abroad, who are under the discipline of shrews at home.
Tim Radford, Address Book: Our Place in the Scheme of Things|Words are instruments, they are tools that, in their different ways, are as effective as any sharp edge or violate chemical. They are, like coins, items of great value, but they represent a currency that, well spent, returns ever greater riches.
Triple H|No illusion is more crucial than the illusion that great success and huge money buy you immunity from the common ills of mankind, such as cars that won't start.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Well I am young." Just as he felt a flicker of ease, she murmured in a sexy voice, "But, baby, I've been busy.
Paul H. Blaney, Oxford Textbook of Psychopathology|Despite the growing clinical and research interest in dissociative symptoms and disorders, it is also true that the substantial prevalence rates for dissociative disorders are still disproportional to the number of studies addressing these conditions. For example, schizophrenia has a reported rate of 0.55% to 1% of the normal population (Goldner, Hus, Waraich, & Somers, more or less similar to the prevalence of DID. Yet a PubMed search generated 25,421 papers on research related to schizophrenia, whereas only 73 publications were found for DID-related research.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|The institutions, conventions, customs and laws that make up the complex structure of a society are the work of a hundred centuries and a billion minds; and one mind must not expect to comprehend them in one lifetime, much less in twenty years.
Jennifer Weiner, Certain Girls|Maybe it was inertia -or worse, fear- that was keeping me in the same place.
Gustavo Gus Larsen|I better understood the little lies that liquor told, lifting spirits and drowning sorrows while withholding the whole truth--that, in the end, it is the spirit in peril of drowning. Sorrows have gills.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Monogamy is not a choice, it is a responsibility of a genuine human.
Surajit Sarkar|It is "vibration" that creates our world. Everyone vibrates. We always utter words in our mind. Thus we create sounds continuously. Frequency differs. Tuning your frequency brings the differences. A good writer has the creativity to polish the broken piano to tune it up in a right tune. Reading their books is the key to choose your favorite frequencies. Now start vibrating and note it down.
Henry Hazlitt, Thinking as a Science|A man with a scant vocabulary will almost certainly be a weak thinker. The richer and more copious one's vocabulary and the greater one's awareness of fine distinctions and subtle nuances of meaning, the more fertile and precise is likely to be one's thinking. Knowledge of things and knowledge of the words for them grow together. If you do not know the words, you can hardly know the thing.
Alexi Lawless, Complicated Creatures: Part One|As Ian popped the lock and opened the car door, he turned to Phoebe. “Can you do me a favour?”She immediately stepped toward him, fully embracing their new mature relationship. “Of course.”Ian looked pointedly over his own shoulder and said, “Tell me the truth. Does this car make my glowing ass look fat?”She’d naturally followed the direction of his gaze, but now she looked up, hard, into his eyes. And she smiled back at him despite herself. She even laughed. “You’re an idiot.”“When things get too serious, I get a rash.”She pointedly looked back down at his nether regions, despite the fact doing so made her blush. Still, she spoke coolly, dryly. “Not on your ass.”If Ian believed in love, that would’ve been it for him. Instantly. Enthrallingly. Eternally. Instead, he just laughed. “Thank God for that. See if there’s anything remotely clothinglike in the backseat or the trunk.
-Unknown|When life gives you lemons, the best thing to do is make orange juice and let the rest of the world stand back and wonder how you did it."			-Unknown
Nastia Liukin|Other than sports, only war and catastrophe can create this sort of national unity.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|The falseness of your own hearts, if you look not to them, may undo you(15).
Neill Blomkamp|I majored in fashion design in school, and I have always wanted to design my own line of clothing, jewelry, and stuff like that; so this was just a step for me in that direction.
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|Industry, technology, and commerce can thrive only as long as an idealistic national community offers the necessary preconditions. And these do not lie in material egoism, but in a spirit of sacrifice and joyful renunciation.
Gary Lineker|You don't suffer, kill yourself and take the risks I take just for money. I love bike racing.
Peter Richmond, Badasses: The Legend of Snake, Foo, Dr. Death, and John Madden's Oakland Raiders|Things that aren't important, that have nothing to do with winning and losing, don't have to be a rule.
Katie McGarry, Long Way Home|Smiled.  The type of smile that men drive all night in a blinding rainstorm on their bike to see. The type of smile that keep men fighting brutal wars for years in the vain of hope of seeing it again. The type of smile that made me come to my feet, because if i didn't, I'd fall to my knees.
Thomas Frank|I'm trying to knock the medical profession into accepting its responsibilities, and those responsibilities include assisting their patients with death.
Azza Nazh|Harbour love, not hate - don't let it contaminate your heart and conceal your beauty.
Ram Dass|I love fairy tales because of their haunting beauty and magical strangeness. They are set in worlds where anything can happen. Frogs can be kings, a thicket of brambles can hide a castle where a royal court has lain asleep for a hundred years, a boy can outwit a giant, and a girl can break a curse with nothing but her courage and steadfastness.
Mira Midha, Feelings… It's Not in What They Say but What They Hide|The truth is as truth shall be,We come with our own destiny.
Osunsakin Adewale|You can recreate your world, do not give up until people call you a champion.
M.J. Abraham|I love the way he says my name. With the elegance and utmost respect of a King, just before he bows to his Queen.
Rebecca Stead, When You Reach Me|The question is not, Does or doesn't public schooling create a public? The question is, What kind of public does it create? A conglomerate of self-indulgent consumers? Angry, soulless, directionless masses? Indifferent, confused citizens? Or a public imbued with confidence, a sense of purpose, a respect for learning, and tolerance? The answer to this question has nothing whatever to do with computers, with testing, with teacher accountability, with class size, and with the other details of managing schools. The right answer depends on two things and two things alone: the existence of shared narratives and the capacity of such narratives to provide an inspired reason for schooling.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|Life is tragic simply because the earth turns, and the sun inexorably rises and sets, and one day, for each of us, the sun will go down for the last, last time. Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, which is the only fact we have. It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death – ought to decide, indeed, to earn one’s death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life.
Stormie Omartian, Stormie: A Story of Forgiveness and Healing|You must know that you are worth much to me whether you accomplish anything or not. Even if you are rejected in the world's eyes, you are valuable to me.
Sibella Giorello, The Clouds Roll Away|Overcomers are not perfect. They fail just like the rest of us, but they keep on getting up, keep on repenting, and keep on being willing to surrender themselves to Christ and letting Him, who is the only perfect One, work through them.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|With tens of thousands of dollars in annual educator-directed scholarships to the teachers, he has encouraged teachers to help their students by deferring the cost of various LeadAmerica programs.
Paul Kearney, The Wolf in the Attic|He is a Christian, and believes charity begins at home. And often it remains there.
Miranda Richardson|In Gnosticism, the physical world did not ultimately matter - which meant physical suffering did not matter either. Seeking 'enlightenment' meant cultivating an attitude of detachment, even indifference.
A. R. Rahman|It's better to waste money, than it is to waste time. You can always get more money.
Geraldine Brooks, March|When the Guard convinced you fate was not on our side, you parted ways with me and saw fit to make me suffer,' Percy stated. The pain on Alexi's face worsened, and he opened his mouth to refute her. She put her hands lovingly on his cheeks. 'We survived. Our love survived. And we shall again.'He stared at her in wonder. 'How did my dear girl grow so brave?'Percy grinned. 'Didn't you hear? The meek shall inherit the earth.
Hillary Clinton|I wasn't perfect and didn't have it together. I felt alone. So through acting, I decided to be a shape shifter and with every role become the character instead of being myself. It meant about 10 years of no one knowing I was the same person in every movie.
Sabrina Zbasnik|Raw, gentle, and easy, it mizzled out of the high air, a special elixir, tasting of spells and stars and air, carrying a peppery dust in it, and moving like a rare light sherry on his tongue. Rain.
Mark Hyman|Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.
D.M.X.|To live, is to suffer. To survive, well, that's to find meaning in the suffer.
Bill Nye, Undeniable: Evolution and the Science of Creation|Having shot down a number, some of which were anly wounded, the whole flock swept repeatedly around their prostrate companions, and again settled on a low tree, within twenty yards of the spot where I stood. At each successive discharge, though showers of them fell, yet the affection of the survivors seemed rather to increase; for after a few circuits around the place, they again alighted near me.
William Gibson, The Peripheral|Why, yes. I am a strange wonder. The most special of snowflakes! Born out of time, forever running to catch up to it!
John Wesley, How To Pray: The Best of John Wesley on Prayer|To explain this a little further: Only the soul and the body are the natural constituent parts of men and women. The SPIRIT is not in the fundamental nature of humans but is the supernatural gift of God, TO BE FOUND IN CHRISTIANS ONLY.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Novel Habits of Happiness|That was what counted, she told herself: those unexpected moments of appreciation, unanticipated glimpses of beauty or kindness - any of the things that attached us to this world, that made us forget, even for a moment, its pain and its transience.
Greg Proops|In their eyes, Eve saw the wolf gleam. The story was the prey, ratings the trophy.
Venita Ellick|A writer looks at an issue and asks, 'What if this were to occur? Or what if that was thrown into the mix? What would that look like?
Stephen Baxter|Sometimes people say that we're living in the future, and time's up for science fiction, but I think that never will be, because science fiction really isn't about the future. It's about change and present-day concerns
Bob Marley, Bob Marley Talking|until the end of the world,all whys will be answered,but now,you can only ask!
Lynda Resnick|The Supreme Court ruled that disabled golfer Casey Martin has a legal right to ride in a golf cart between shots at PGA Tour events. Man, the next thing you know, they're going to have some guy carry his clubs around for him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If the other person would just do things my way, we could get along,” one says, when the other person is probably thinking the same about us—that leads to conflict. Our deepest problems are within ourselves.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed|Love, he realized, was like the daggers he made in his forge: When you first got one it was shiny and new and the blade glinted bright in the light. Holding it against your palm, you were full of optimism for what it would be like in the field, and you couldn't wait to try it out. Except those first couple of nights out were usually awkward as you got used to it and it got used to you.Over time, the steel lost its brand-new gleam, and the hilt became stained, and maybe you nicked the shit out of the thing a couple of times. What you got in return, however, saved your life: Once the pair of you were well acquainted, it became such a part of you that it was an extension of your own arm. It protected you and gave you a means to protect your brothers; it provided you with the confidnece and the power to face whatever came out of the night; and wherever you went, it stayed with you, right over your heart, always there when you needed it.You had to keep the blade up, however. And rewrap the hilt from time to time. And double-check the weight. when it came to weapons. Why hadn't it dawned on him that matings were the same?(From the thoughts of Vishous)
Robert Rodriguez|I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.
Shawn Klomparens, Jessica Z.|He comes down next to me, and when I hold out my hand, he takes it. Our fingers lace together. And in that feeling, that perfect feeling of our hands and fingers pressed together, I want to tell him everything. I want to tell him about Josh, and his sister, Emily. I want to tell him about tall, crazy Gert. I want to tell him about bridges and funerals, and most of all, maps. More than anything else, I want to tell him about myself. I want to tell him that I know what things look like from above now. There's so much I want to tell him, because I know he'll understand.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Even your little sorrows you may roll upon God, for He counteth the hairs of your head.
Ellen Ullman, Life in Code: A Personal History of Technology|A fashionable idea in technical circles is that quantity not only turns into quality at some extreme of scale, but also does so according to principles we already understand. Some of my colleagues think a million, or perhaps a billion, fragmentary insults will eventually yield wisdom that surpasses that of any well-thought-out essay, so long as sophisticated secret statistical algorithms recombine the fragments. I disagree. A trope from the early days of computer science comes to mind: garbage in, garbage out.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|A proper community, we should remember also, is a commonwealth: a place, a resource, an economy. It answers the needs, practical as well as social and spiritual, of its members - among them the need to need one another. The answer to the present alignment of political power with wealth is the restoration of the identity of community and economy.(pg. 63, "Racism and the Economy")
Flannery O'Connor, Everything That Rises Must Converge: Stories|He loved her because it was his nature to do so, but there were times when he could not endure her love for him. There were times when it became nothing but pure idiot mystery...
Jo Baker, Longbourn|It was a thought, that. Not to attach yourself to a man, but to confront instead the open world, the wide fields of France and Spain, the ocean, anything. Not just to hitch a lift with the first fellow who looked as though he knew where he was going, but just to go.
honeya|In army they say "Shoot to Kill" and in Sales "Pitch to Sell".
Idries Shah, The Way of the Sufi|Man thinks many things. He thinks he is One. He is usually several. Until he becomes One, he cannot have a fair idea of what he is at all.
Tista Ray|Briefly, in the act of composition, as an instrument there intervenes and is most potent, fire, flaming, fervid, hot; but in the very substance of the compound there intervenes, as an ingredient, as it is commonly called, as a material principle and as a constituent of the whole compound the material and principle of fire, not fire itself. This I was the first to call phlogiston.
Robert Thier, The Robber Knight's Love|I'm evil, know it, and enjoy it.
Auliq-Ice|Until you learn to think global,your fort shall remain your local domain.
Aaron Copland|Inspiration may be a form of super-consciousness, orperhaps of subconsciousness—I wouldn't know. But I amsure it is the antithesis of self-consciousness.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|You get old and you realize there are no answers, just stories.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Yeah!' I said again, widening my eyes and nodding slowly but emphatically to show that she had seen into my own symmetrical soul.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The dead are immune from our prison of Time. The distance between the living and dead may be vast, but the space of Time the dead experience when they are reunited with their loved ones is only paper-thin.
Marquis de Sade|Anything beyond the limits and grasp of the human mind is either illusion or futility; and because your god having to be one or the other of the two, in the first instance I should be mad to believe in him, and in the second a fool.
Anita Diamant, The Boston Girl|But journalists thrive on not knowing exactly what the future holds. That's part of the excitement. Something interesting, something important, will happen somewhere, as sure as God made sour apples, and a good aggressive newspaper will become part of that something.
Jill McCorkle, Life After Life|It may not make sense to you, now, but when you get older you'll understand that sometimes things have to be done. Hard things. But everyone will hate the person who finally does them. But if they do them anyway, that's the mark of true honor.
Jay Salter|what it is...is a place where I can return to myself. It's enough of a scramble to get to...that the energy expended is significant, and it translates into a change in my body chemistry and my psychological chemistry and my heart chemistry...
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Power|You're so blantantly attracted to me, it's hard not to tease you
Seth D.|Quick as a flash, Sawney Rath's eyes hardened. "Then I'm ordering you to skin Felch alive!" He took the otter's paw, closing it over the knife handle. "Obey me!"The crowded clearing became as silent as a tomb. All eyes were upon the Taggerung, awaiting his reaction to the order.Tagg turned his back on Sawney and strode to the side of the fox strung up to the beech bough. He raised the blade. Felch shut his eyes tight, his head shaking back and forth as his nerves quivered uncontrollably. With a sudden slash Tagg severed the thongs that bound him. Felch slumped to the ground in a shaking heap. Tagg's voice was flat and hard as he turned to face Sawney."I'm sorry to disobey your order. The fox is a sorry thief, but I will not take the life of a helpless beast.
D.H. Lawrence|It did not occur to me to call a doctor, because I knew none, and although it did occur to me to call the desk and ask that the air conditioner be turned off, I never called, because I did not know how much to tip whoever might come—was anyone ever so young?
Jimmy Videle|We have may teachers, animal, vegetable and mineral
Roy Moore|Pray for someone else's child, your pastor, the military, the police officers, the firemen, the teachers, the government. There's no end to the ways that you can intervene on behalf of others through prayer.
M. Kirin|Writing is more than just a method to tell stories. It’s a way to find healing, and to healing others.
Lisa Firestone, Conquer Your Critical Inner Voice: A Revolutionary Program to Counter Negative Thoughts and Live Free from Imagined Limitations|We can best help our children not by sacrificing ourselves for them, but by trying to fulfill our own lives. When we are involved in an honest pursuit of our own goals, we serve as positive role models for our children.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Information and ignorance are like light and darkness... When light comes into your room, darkness must fly away. When information rules your mind, ignorance finds its way out!
John Lennon|Even if the climate change is not real, its funds are real.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Ten years later, I will be able to say, "I saw future happen". And, this is the most rewarding part of what I do.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|I have found over the years of working with people, even those who have had very deep and profound awakenings, that most people have a fear of being truthful, of really being honest-- not only with others, but with themselves as well. Of course, the core of this fear is that most people know intuitively that if they were actually truthful and totally sincere and honest, they would no longer be able to control anybody.
Albert Cossery, The Jokers|[T]he world we live in is governed by the most revolting bunch of crooks ever to defile the soil of this planet... [You] must never take them seriously, which is exactly what they want.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Compassionate leaders honor the complexity of human relationships, nurture authenticity and create common grounds for blooming great ideas of individuals.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|He cleared his throat and reminded himself that if you pissed Her Holiness off, they'd need barbecue tongs to pick up your steaming pieces.
Jane Bierhorst, In the Trail of the Wind: American Indian Poems and Ritual Orations|We weep,tears of blood,we weep,In despair, crying,we weep;the sun forever has stolenthe light from his eyes.No more his face do we see,no more his voice do we hear,nor will his affectionate gazewatch over his people.
Rebecca Brooks, Make Me Stay|My favorite involves you wearing your black dominatrix boots.""What else am I wearing?""Nothing.""What are you wearing?""A hard-on and a smile.
Andre Balazs|One of the great things about music is that it has the capability of time travel - you smell a certain smell in the room and it takes you back to your childhood. I feel like music is able to do that, and it happens to me all the time.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Ron: Why spiders? Why couldn't it be "follow the butterflies?
Linda Howard, A Lady of the West|So it isn't that the act is awful, but sometimes the man is.""Exactly. One's modesty is useless and it's painfully intimate, but not awful." She took a deep breath."The opposite, in fact.
Elisabeth Elliot|I don't want to wait anymore. I choose to believe that there is nothing more sacred or profound than this day.I choose to believe that there may be a thousand big moments embedded in this day, waiting to be discovered like tiny shards of gold. The big moments are the daily, tiny moments of courage and forgiveness and hope that we grad onto and extend to one another. That's the drama of life, swirling all around us, and generally I don't see it, because I'm too busy waiting to become whatever it is I think I'm about to become. The big moments are in every hour, every conversation, every meal, every meeting.
Petrus Borel, Champavert, le lycanthrope|In Paris there are two dens, one for thieves, the other for murderers. The den of thieves is the Stock Exchange; the den of murderers is the Courthouse.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want the most beautiful fish in the sea, make sure you have the most appealing bait.
A.B.  Turner, Changes|Before my mom decided she was a lesbian, I thought lesbians were all these really nice, earthy, crunchy, let's smother you with our twenty extra pounds of lady love and fight the power people.
Michael Oehley|The meaning is hidden in man, but it is only man himself who can find it.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|It is not clear that married people are, on average, happier than those who never married, because unhappily married people are the least happy group of all and they pull down the average.
Gugu Mona|What many people do not understand is: It's not about who you think you know, but about who actually knows you. So better start giving today, be it giving everything at your job, or giving out lunch to that man. Start giving, and the world will know your true character!
Lois Lowry, The Giver|Life is kind of like that, picking the memories you want to frame. We all have an idea of how it should be, all smiles and swing sets. There are the more unsavory moments that we leave in the box stashed up in the darker parts of our psyche. We know they exist but we don’t go flaunting them in front of the dinner guests.
Frances E. Willard, How I Learned to Ride the Bicycle: Reflections of an Influential 19th Century Woman|The opacity of the mind, its inability to project itself into the realm of another's personality, goes a long way to explain the friction of life. If we would set down other people's errors to this rather than to malice prepense we should not only get more good out of life and feel more kindly toward our fellows, but doubtless the rectitude of our intellects would increase, and the justice of our judgments...we are so shut away from one another that none tells those about him what he considers ideal treatment on their part toward him...nothing will probe to the core of this greatest disadvantage under which we labor--that is, mutual noncomprehension--except a basis of society and government which would make it easy for each to put himself in another's place because his place is so much like another's...we [would] need less imagination in order to do that which is just and kind to every one about us.
Walter Rodney, How Europe Underdeveloped Africa|The truth is that any figure of Africans imported into the Americas which is narrowly based on the surviving records is bound to be low, because there were so many people at the time who had a vested interest in smuggling slaves (and withholding data. Nevertheless, if the low figure of ten million was accepted as basis for evaluating the impact of slaving on Africa as a whole, the conclusions that could legitimately be drawn would confound those who attempt to make light of the experience of the rape of Africans from 1445 to 1870. Pg. 96
Joseph Smith Jr.|Wherever and however any one of us may be conceived, it is the same. We come into being in the arms of God.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|Ayahuasca is a fickle mistress—she likes it when you put out for her, make a show of it, and put some effort in. But ayahuasca is also a plant medicine, and as such she reads you and what you need, and that changes every time, both as you progress on the path and as new issues come to light. Like a high maintenance girlfriend, the relationship with 'aya' can be hard work, but the rewards far outweigh the sacrifices.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|Oh, you know what bloggers are like, they write and write and write. I don't know why, because they're not being paid.
D.F. Lovett, The Moonborn: or, Moby-Dick on the Moon|Kids always think they're coming into a story at the beginning, when usually they're coming in at the end.
Dimitar Sasselov|Hard systems are everything we're using right now - computers, phones, planes, the clothes you're wearing, the room you're in. Everything there involves 100% use of technology and expertise to make it, and nothing we make - including space exploration vehicles and so on - is complex. Everything we make is complicated. Nothing is self-renewing.
William Manchester, The Last Lion 2: Winston Spencer Churchill: Alone, 1932-40|The present is never tidy, or certain, or reasonable, and those who try to make it so once it becomes the past succeed only in making it seem implausible.
Abby Rosmarin, No One Reads Poetry: A Collection of Poems|And with a frenzied, frightened, anxious heart, she tumbled headfirst into the life she was destined to live.- Future
Jeffrey Archer, Only Time Will Tell|For other people, I can't speak - but, personally, I haven't gotten wise on anything. Certainly, I've been through this and that; and when it happens again, I say to myself, Here it is again. But that doesn't seem to help me. In my opinion, I, personally, have gotten steadily sillier and sillier - and that's a fact.
Joel Fuhrman|We must always remember that all medical interventions have risk, and very little can be asserted with 100 percent certainty.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|If the Gospels were truly the pattern of God’s activity, then defeat was only the beginning.
Justin S. Holcomb & Lindsey A. Holcomb|He remembered that she was pretty, and, more, that she had a special grace in the intimacy of life. She had the secret of individuality which excites and escapes.
Spencer Tracy|Talent is required, but much of writing is a matter of craft, which develops with time, attention, patience and practice, like playing an instrument or learning to dance.
Diogo Mainardi, The Fall: A Father's Memoir in 424 Steps|Caught between life and death, I clung to life.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|But I never looked like that!’ - How do you know? What is the ‘you’ you might or might not look like? Where do you find it - by which morphological or expressive calibration? Where is your authentic body? You are the only one who can never see yourself except as an image; you never see your eyes unless they are dulled by the gaze they rest upon the mirror or the lens (I am interested in seeing my eyes only when they look at you): even and especially for your own body, you are condemned to the repertoire of its images.
Matt McGorry|There's such an odd, eclectic group of people that make up the town of Plymouth, New Hampshire. I don't think I could avoid not coming out of there with a pretty good sense of humor.
Dōgen|Treading along in this dreamlike, illusory realm,Without looking for the traces I may have left;A cuckoo's song beckons me to return home;Hearing this, I tilt my head to seeWho has told me to turn back;But do not ask me where I am going,As I travel in this limitless world,Where every step I take is my home.
Bill Gates|We don't see the global citizen as someone with no identity, but rather someone who has confidence and is proud of his culture and history - and... open to the modern world.
Betty Friedan|Analogies, it is true, decide nothing, but they can make one feel more at home.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|If God’s suggesting that I am expected to do good and also obligated to manufacture a genuine desire for it, this boat’s sunk, still sitting on the trailer in the driveway. A stack of things need to happen before I desire to be good…
Cate Tiernan, Book of Shadows|I looked deeply into the fire, and the timeless, eternal dance of colors I saw there was so beautiful, I wanted to cry. Cal's deep voice floated toward me as clearly as a whisper in a tunnel, as if his words were meant for me alone, and the found me unerringly even as the group dissolved into talking. He said the words under his breath, his gaze fixed on my face. "I banish loneliness.
Abraham Lincoln|True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people.
Melody Lee|Don’t be afraid of your struggles, they are making you dangerously strong and wise. They are preparing you for your superpowers. Let them happen, otherwise you’ll stay in the same damn place you’ve always been, and until you know there is so much more awesomeness in the world you’ll be content in your tiny cocoon, spinning the same circles day in and day out. Your struggles are transforming you.
Cordelia Fine, Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds, Society, and Neurosexism Create Difference|While parenthood served as no disadvantage at all to men, there was evidence of a substantial "motherhood penalty". Mothers received only half as many callbacks as their identically qualified childless counterparts.
Bob Geldof|One of the great bands we opened up for was Priest back in '89. That was really great because at that time we had never met them, never toured with them before. They were a big influence on Slayer, so to open up for them was really cool.
V.S. Carnes|Wait for me.”If his voice was just a bit hoarse, she didn’t seem to take note of it. She looked at him as though he had reached over and slapped her. “You don’t trust me? After all that talk of taking me for my word—”“This isn’t about trust.”“That is precisely what this is about.” Her fingers fisted in her skirts. “Because I’ve trusted you.”It hurt him to hear it. He didn’t know what else to do. He had no contacts left. He was walking around now like a blind man. He didn’t need the added weight of her safety on his conscience. Caine’s eyes fell away again. “Maybe you shouldn’t.”That earned him a flustered: “You told me to!
Todd Friel, Jesus Unmasked: The Truth Will Shock You|God created places and things in the Old Testament to teach us about Jesus in the New Testament. These pictures are so simple, even a child can understand them. God graciously babbled at us so we can learn complex truths.
Richelle E. Goodrich|What I've learned about writing is that sometimes less is more, while often more is grander. And both are true.
Kris Kidd|There are rules you've gotta follow when you fuck to forget. A body's only a temple if and when you treat it like one, but a heart can still break even if you never put it together properly in the first place.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin is the great clogger, and the blood of Christ is the great cleanser.
Charles Kennedy|No matter how old you are, no matter how much you weigh, you can still control the health of your body.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|‎"Consider the rights of others before your own feelings, and the feelings of others before your own rights.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|...those works that don't touch the heart, it seems to me, miss the true aim of Art.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In solitude, the deep silent, awakens the divinity of the soul.
Will Barrow|Still, some nights I grieved. I grieved as much at what I knew must be the fleeting nature of my present happiness as any loss, any past. We lived on some edge, if we ever lived on a rolling plain. Who knew what attack, what illness. That doubleness again. Like flying: the stillness and speed, serenity and danger.
David Mamet|When you decide to get involved in a military operation in a place like Syria, you've got to be prepared, as we learned from Iraq and Afghanistan, to become the government, and I'm not sure any country, either the United States or I don't hear of anyone else, who's willing to take on that responsibility.
Neil Gershenfeld|We demand privacy, yet we glorify those that break into computers.
Carl Rogers|Real communication occurs...when we listen with understanding. What does this mean? It means to see the expressed idea and attitude from the other person's point of view, to sense how it feels to him, to achieve his frame of reference in regard to the thing he is talking about.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|It is the truth that sets us free, and it is the truth that we must run with in order to continue our race in freedom.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|Love, I have always known, is an evolutionary trait. It is a delicately tuned, intricate, sensitive impulse, but a trait nevertheless, a reaction honed by millions of years of an ever-changing and complex mating instinct.
Mohith Agadi|Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor.
Barbara Kingsolver|Independence is a complex word in a foreign tongue. To resist occupation, whether you're a nation or merely a woman, you must understand the language of your enemy. Conquest and liberation and democrac and divorce are words that mean squat, basically, when you have hungry children and clothes to get out on the line and it looks like rain.
Junichiro Tanizaki|When a man becomes a writer, I think he takes on a sacred obligation to produce beauty and enlightenment and comfort at top speed.
Jennifer Anne Kogler|They were going to expel me. Mom convinced them not to... and got them to apologize," Fern said, almost embarrassed.Really?" Eddie said. "See, Sammy, you don't mess with the Commander, do you?" Eddie playfully hit his younger brother in the stomach with the back of his hand.When the Commander says jump...," Sam started.We say, 'yes ma'am, how high?'" Eddie ended with a forehead salute.
Kathy Freston|I'll make a diet cheesecake, but I'll put it in a Sara Lee box. Or I'll have a huge bowl of pasta, but it's actually just a cup of pasta - the rest is vegetables. It makes me feel less deprived.
Arlie Russell Hochschild|No work-family balance will ever fully take hold if the social conditions that might make it possible - men who are willing to share parenting and housework, communities that value work in the home as highly as work on the job, and policymakers and elected officials who are prepared to demand family-friendly reforms - remain out of reach.
Thomas A. Edison|It's not a competition, it's a doorway.
Bertrand Russell|When we find out an Idea, by whose Intervention we discover the Connexion of two others, this is a Revelation from God to us, by the voice of Reason.
Douglas Adams|Now I am a vagabond of the universe, a drifter among spaces where the madness of things has no limits.
Compton Gage|I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, And the reason of things, And to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness: And I find more bitter than death, the woman, whose heart is snares and nets, and her hands as bands-
Madonna|Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit
Kathy Reichs, Déjà Dead|He doesn’t move a muscle except for his eyes that follow her path as though somehow he can see her contrails. His whole existence revolves around a girl who left his orbit, and he was the one who spun her off her axis.
Cory Doctorow, Little Brother|It's our goddamed city! It's our goddamed country. No terrorist can take it from us for so long as we're free. Once we're not free, the terrorists win! Take it back! You're young enough and stupid enough not to know that you can't possibly win, so you're the only ones who can lead us to victory! Take it back!
Clayton Christensen|People are scrambling to figure out how they can prolong the life of an album. But as long as the shelf space continues to shrink at retail, there's just no room for them anymore... which is fine with me! I would love to be the next person in country to just release digital singles, but I think we're probably a little ways from that.
Eddie Whitlock, Evil Is Always Human|A son for a son, heh. But that's a grandson...and he never was much use." --Walder Frey
John McCain|Taiwan gives a lot of foreign aid to Costa Rica, so it looks like they are basically buying the right to fish, even though it's not legal.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|Well, if they set you in the kissing booth, let me know, I am always willing to donate for a worthy cause.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I had thought about it so often - too often, to the point where it had distorted my sense of time.
Ellen Hopkins|You need to know what makes artists tick. Having been through the process myself as a musician, since I was an early teen, gave me an advantage - understanding them from their point of view, because it's about them, it's not about you - it's their vision and what they're capable of achieving, and you're the conduit.
Maurice Blanchot, The Space of Literature|Art is not religion, 'it doesn't even lead to religion.' But in the time of distress which is ours, the time when the gods are missing, the time of absence and exile, art is justified, for it is the intimacy of this distress: the effort to make manifest, through the image, the error of the imaginary, and eventually the ungraspable, forgotten truth which hides behind the error.
Mary Jo Bowman|The more I allow myself to face that truth about my participation in a violent world, the more my faith and my intellect call me to humility and compassion rather than to doctrinaire ethics. I cannot hope for a clear conscience. I can only hope that my ethical choices are motivated by love rather than fear.
Brandi Salazar, A Warrior's Betrayal|In order to witness clearly the march of humanity from its inception to the present moment, an understanding of how humankind has held encounter with the divine as central is crucial. Ancient humanity provides us with an excellent laboratory for gaining such an understanding.
Steven Cuoco|Leadership is about we, not me.
Adam Braun|Latinos are concerned about the same pocketbook issues that matter to most middle class Americans - creating good-paying jobs in this country, making sure our children get a quality education, and ensuring that our families have access to affordable and quality healthcare.
Gautama Buddha|These... things, householder, are welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world:Long life is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Beauty is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Happiness is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world....Now, I tell you, these... things are not to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes. If they were to be obtained by reason of prayers or wishes, who here would lack them? It's not fitting for the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life to pray for it or to delight in doing so. Instead, the disciple of the noble ones who desires long life should follow the path of practice leading to long life. In so doing, he will attain long life...]
Frank Zappa|So many books, so little time.
Jaeda DeWalt|Someday, i dream we will medically address mental illness in a way that helps people WITHOUT completely crippling them, creatively or robbing them of their precious sensitivity. No one wants to live life feeling like they underwent a chemical lobotomy, that is not living. And, "Normal" needs a much broader definition... perhaps we could just replace that word with, "harmonious living.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|Mistasinon stood as the music of life flowed around him, the instrument of his agency muted.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, Yes Prime Minister: A Play|Humphrey Not another czar, please, Prime Minister. In the last three years we’ve appointed an Enterprise Czar, a Youth-Crime Czar, a Welfare Supremo, a Pre-School Supremo, an Unemployment Watchdog, a Banking Regulator, a Science and Technology Supremo and a Community Policing Czar. If you go on like this you won’t need a Cabinet.  	Jim Perfect!  	Humphrey Perfect? Prime Minister, we even have a Twitter Czar!  	Bernard His appointment was announced as a Tweet.  	Humphrey What’s he supposed to achieve?  	Jim The same as the others: at least twelve column inches in every paper.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Skull and Bones" A secret society of spoiled twits whose apparent purpose in life is littering the landscape with as many as possible.
Marcia Conner, The New Social Learning: A Guide to Transforming Organizations Through Social Media|We define learning as the transformative process of taking in information that, when internalized and mixed with what we have experienced, changes what we know and builds on what we can do. It’s based on input, process, and reflection. It is what changes us.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Rightly onward, pursue your dreams.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to deliver people we need to have a strategy, to have a plan of deliverance
Justus A. Platt, His Father's Command|Ever notice "demon" in the word pandemonium?
Frederick Weisel, Teller|The modern evil, we have said, greatly turns on this: thatpeople do not see that the exception proves the rule. Thus it mayor may not be right to kill a murderer; but it can only conceivablybe right to kill a murderer because it is wrong to kill a man.
Mark T. Sullivan, Beneath a Scarlet Sky|Faith is a strange creature,” Schuster said. “Like a falcon that nests year after year in the same place, but then flies away, sometimes for years, only to return again, stronger than ever.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Your only chance of survival, if you are severely smitten, lies in hiding this fact from the woman you love, of feigning a casual detachment under all circumstances. What sadness there is in this simple observation! What an accusation against man! Love makes you weak, and the weaker of the two is oppressed, tortured, and finally killed by the other, who in his or her turn oppresses, tortures, and kills without having evil intentions, without even getting pleasure from it, with complete indifference; that's what men, normally, call love.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|Without Your Opponent, You are no Victor.
Edison McDaniels, Juicing Out|I despise common sense. I’ve seen the world from every possible angle. This cruel, ridiculous, beautiful world.
Sean Carroll|Human beings are not nearly as coolly rational as we like to think we are. Having set up comfortable planets of belief, we become resistant to altering them, and develop cognitive biases that prevent us from seeing the world with perfect clarity. We aspire to be perfect Bayesian abductors, impartially reasoning to the best explanation - but most often we take new data and squeeze it to fit with our preconceptions.
Adam Fenner|I can't understand why dark northern soldiers and light ones are seperated into different brigades. The dead are all buried together in hasty mass graves, bones touching.
Dada Bhagwan|This ‘Akram science’ does not scorn worldly interaction in the slightest. While living absolutely within it's reality, It does not scorn the worldly interaction. Not scorning worldly interaction is itself a thing of principle.
Daya Kudari|Coincidentally, the words RELIGION and BULLSHIT both have eight letters.
John Calvin|The road that leads to heaven is risky, lonely, and costly in this world, and few are willing to pay the price. Following Jesus involves losing your life-and finding new life in him. Follow Me, pg. 11
Sunday Adelaja|You should calm down and listen to the voice of your heart. This is your inner voice, your intuition or strong desire or a passion to a certain kind of activity
Velvetoscar|I love you, Evelyn.” Leaning in, he grazes my earlobe with his mouth. “For longer than you might have known.” “Likewise.”He chuckles against my cheek. “That’s all you have to say? Likewise?” “Just shut up and kiss me.” “I was getting there.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|I felt myself a new species of child. Not a boy (most assuredly) but neither a (mere) girl. That skirt-bound race perpetually moving about serving tea had nothing to do with me. I had such high hopes, you see.The boundaries of the world seemed vast. I would visit Rome, Paris, Constantinople. Underground cafés presented in my mind where, crushed against wet walls, a (handsome, generous) friend and I sat discussing—many things. Deep things, new ideas. Strange green lights shone in the streets, the sea lapped nearby against greasy tilted moorings; there was trouble afoot, a revolution, into which my friend and I must— Well, as is often the case, my hopes were…not realized.
Nick  Brown, The Siege|As much as I'm turned on by your buff, sexy body pressing against mine, if you could please roll off of me, I'll get my guns.
Lemony Snicket|You're a thousand small wonders, Kylie, love, adding up to one grand miracle.
Paul R. Halmos, I Want to Be a Mathematician: An Automathography|The age of reason may have had its golden age, but the age of emotion endures forever.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|The world has grown too large for one army of the nation, my brother. You will ride where I tell you to ride, conquer where I tell you to conquer. The world is yours, if you can put aside the base part of you that tells you to rule it all. That you may not have. Now give me an answer and your oath. Your word is iron, brother, and I will take it. Or I can just kill you now.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I was trying to make you jealous!" Simon screamed, right back. His hands were fisted at his sides. "You're so stupid, Clary. You're so stupid, can't you see anything?"She stared at him in bewilderment. What on earth did he mean? "Trying to make me jealous? Why would you try to do that?"She saw immediately that this was the worst thing she could have asked him."Because," he said, so bitterly that it shocked her, "I've been in love with you for ten years, so I thought it seemed like the time to find out whether you felt the same about me. Which, I guess you don't.
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|For each new morning with its light,For rest and shelter of the night,For health and food, for love and friends,For everything Thy goodness sends.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|When we stop judging others and ourselves, our heart begins to open.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Don’t mention me about your religion! Show me your heart! If you have the heart of an innocent child, you have the best religion, even if you are a nonbeliever!
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|If you escape from a necessary fight, pray you will live long enough to wait for and deal with the same challenge that must be settled.
H.M. Jones, Masters of Time: A Science Fiction and Fantasy Time Travel Anthology|Madison, or “Maddie,” as she preferred, wondered what could be at the end of that road.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Without cunning, there is no innovation. Without ambition, there is no accomplishment.
Mensah Oteh|Talent helps, but success is only achieved and sustained through consistent effort.
John O'Callaghan|...I don't ever want to feel that way. Feel as if there are no surprises left. The surprises make life worth living. Expecting nothing, accepting it all. Accepting isn't the right word. ACKNOWLEDGING it all. I suppose I'll just try to figure it out as I go or at least try to understand it. Or f***, just think about it. I'll face whatever comes my way...
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Things are not always as bad as they seem. Sometimes, the darkness only makes it easier to see the light.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Powerful|Sam started to move away, and she pulled him closer.	"Where are you going?" she asked.	"Shhh," he said. "I'm just going to grab the blanket and turn out the light. I'll be right back."	Bella chuckled sleepily and waved her right hand. The blanket lifted off the back of the chair where she'd left it and came slowly sailing across the room to drape itself over their entwined bodies. A snap of her fingers and the single lamp in the kitchen went out.	Sam blinked in the sudden darkness. "You're a very handy woman to have around," he said.	"You have no idea," she replied, and proceeded to demonstrate that she wasn't quite as tired as he'd thought.
Martha Cooley, The Archivist|In a few minutes I heard the books' voices: a low, steady, unsupressible hum. I'd heard it many times before. I've always had a finely tuned ear for a library's accumulations of echo and desire. Libraries are anything but hushed.
Celeste Bradley, One Night with a Spy|Son of a beast tried to bite me when I turned my back to the billets!"...Nostrils flaring and ears pinned, the grey repeated the offense. "He wants another go at it. Be a sport ol' man!" Robert chortled. The indignant Scotsman threw the reins in his face, tromping off to collect the major's horse."I wonder was it reward or punishment Winthrop had in mind in allowing you to keep that brute?" Drake innocently inquired."He only eats Scotsman," Robert quipped.
Abigail Strom, Nothing Like Love|A faint sheen of perspiration made Simone's face glow, and every part of him felt warm and alive. I want you, he thought. God, I want you. He used his free hand to cup the side of her face. Her skin was so soft...so dewy and creamy and perfect. He wanted to touch every inch of her. He wanted to lick the salt sheen from her breasts and her belly and her legs. He wanted to taste the deep places.
Kate Atkinson|Pam wasn't what Gloria would have called a friend, just someone she had known for so long that she had given up trying to get rid of her.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It's true,' Mathilde said after some time, 'I could breathe fire.'She thought of how Lotto, in later years, had been called the lion. With his dander up, he could roar. He looked leonine too, his carrona of white-shot gold, the fine, sharp cheekbones. He'd leap on stage, offended by some actor flubbing his precious lines, and there he'd pace, sleek and swift with his long lovely body, growling. He could be deadly, fierce, the name was not inapt, but please, Mathilde knew lions. The male lolled beautifully, lazy in the sun. The female, less lovely by miles, was the one who brought back the kill.
Joan Bauer, Thwonk|He could remember all about it now; the pitiful figure he must have cut; the absurd way in which he had gone and done the very thing he had so often agreed with himself in thinking would be the most foolish thing in the world; and had met with exactly the consequences which, in these wise moods, he had always foretold were certain to follow, if he ever did make such a fool of himself.
Alphonse de Lamartine|Rome is the city of echoes, the city of illusions, and the city of yearning.
Eric Ries, The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses|Ahbonbon’s mission to help people be successful in both business and personal life by focusing on entrepreneurship, healthy living, and food guides.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|When two humans have lived together for many years it usually happens that each has tones of voice and expressions of face which are almost unendurably irritating to the other. Work on that. Bring fully into the consciousness of your patient that particular lift of his mother's eyebrows which he learned to dislike in the nursery, and let him think how much he dislikes it. Let him assume that she knows how annoying it is and does it to annoy - if you know your job he will not notice the immense improbability of the assumption. And, of course, never let him suspect that he has tones and looks which similarly annoy her. As he cannot see or hear himself, this easily managed.
Daniel Defoe|Because management deals mostly with the status quo and leadership deals mostly with change, in the next century we are going to have to try to become much more skilled at creating leaders.
Sam Crescent, Bully No More|The thought I may never see her again streaks through me. The time’s all wrong. We only have twenty minutes before we head out. But right now, I don’t give a damn. I grab her and push her against the door. No time to do anything except in the most primal of ways. I kiss her hard...
John Muir|Plans to protect air and water, wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man.
Michael  Grant, Light|Say it. But...""But what?" he asked.She whispered it, sounding too vulnerable. "But only if its the truth, Caine. Only. If.""I love you," he said.
Joan Fontaine|The Hindu marriage may be described as the union of two families. In this union, there is no room for petty ambitions and personal ego-trips. What is involved is love for the entire family that one is marrying into.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Author's Blueprint|Before the magisterial mess of Trevor Thomas's house, the orderly houses that most of us live in seem meagre and lifeless -- as, in the same way, the narratives called biographies pale and shrink in the face of the disorderly actuality that is a life. The house also stirred my imagination as a metaphor for the problem of writing. Each person who sits down to write faces not a blank page but his own overfilled mind. The problem is to clear out most of what is in it . . . The goal is to make a space where a few ideas and images and feelings may be so arranged that a reader will want to linger awhile among them, rather than to flee, as I wanted to flee from Thomas's house.
Faraaz Kazi|Here is an old tradition badly in need of return: You have to earn your way into politics. You should go have a life, build a string of accomplishments, then enter public service....
Mark Miller|Excuse me, Ben," Bowen said. "Am I wrong, or aren't you the corporate treasurer?"Glisan bristled. "Yes.""What do you mean, you think you can get one?" Bowen shot back. "This is the current fucking maturities schedule! Go get it. You have to have a maturities schedule!"But they didn't. With all the focus on deals and earnings- with finance group's transformation into a profit center rather than a division to support the business- the workday, boring details had been sloughed off.p. 560
Lisa Shearin, Magic Lost, Trouble Found|Mychael Eiliesor. Guardian paladin, sacred protector, master spellsinger, fashion consultant.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|This sell something familiar, make it surprising. To sell something surprising, make it familiar.
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|Since taking are of one small baby is the hardest job on earth, I am constantly late, as I am today.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|I have seen the dark universe yawningWhere the black planets roll without aim,Where they roll in their horror unheeded,Without knowledge, or lustre, or name.
Debasish Mridha|You may fall many times, but you must keep going.
Alexis M. Smith, Marrow Island|He went on, but I tuned him out. I made eye contact and nodded occasionally, but I didn’t hear what he was saying. I had heard it all before. Even men who should’ve known better–overeducated progressive types who probably considered themselves feminists–had no compunction explaining things to me.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|Scepticism, that dry caries of the intelligence.
Jo Brand|The big bad monster wasn't green and hiding under the bed, it wore tasteless floral prints, bright scarlet lipstick and sat in the kitchen smoking and saying 'bollocks' alot.
Kelly Link|He had found his monsters, and now was the time to leave them behind.
C. JoyBell C.|You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.
Rita Mae Brown, Six of One|She blinked, sat up, and saw Chris in the bathroom doorway. He'd just gotten out the shower. His hair was damp, and he was dressed only in his briefs. The sight of his thin, boyish body - all ribs and elbows and knees - pulled at her heart, for he looked so innocent and vulnerable. He was so small adn fragile that she wondered how she could ever protect him, and renewed fear rose in her.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|One didn't understand, until one had seen a great many bodies, the unconscious effort that one must be making every minute simply to keep one's hands and face and clothes clean. The world's surfaces were so filthy that the living touched them only with the tips of their fingers and the soles of their shoes. How grubby it was to die, to give up making that effort.
Samuel Johnson|Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Mensah Oteh|Positive thoughts are the birthing ground for making your dreams, goals, and desires come true.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|You cannot contain evil by shaming it, or making people feel guilty, but only by revealing it toward it is, and then seeing the good as better.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|Gossiping's part of witchcraft,' said Tiffany. 'They're checking to see if they've gone batty yet.
Denis Dyack|You haven’t got a clue, Devon,” Akira spat out. “I would have chosen any life other than the one I have. I envy your naïveté. Your belief in the possibility of love. I know you don’t understand any of this or who I am, but I was like you at one time. I only wanted to see the best in people. To believe this world was filled with hope and kindness.” Her bitterness was apparent. “I thought compassion came with understanding…with seeing inside a person’s heart and knowing their true mind. But I was wrong. Nothing in this world is what it seems.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Everything started to move in slow motion. A vehicle was coming up the hill in the opposite direction, facing us but in its own lane. With vehicles parked on both sides of the road, this meant that there was just a narrow passage area for both vehicles to pass through. However, he had yet to reduce his speed, and now I knew which car he was going to hit. I was frozen stiff with fear in the front passenger seat, as I helplessly watched him slam into the back of a parked car. I was not wearing a seat belt, so upon impact my head crashed into the windshield. I was then slammed back into my seat, but with such force that everything went black.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.
Brian Fatah Steele, Petty Like A God|No one, none of us have rights. There is no destiny. We have responsibilities to ourselves and each other. We have responsibilities and the choice whether or not we live up to those responsibilities.
Karl Marx|Uncertainty and fear and ignorance about immigrants, about people who are different, has a history as old as our Nation.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|Then Cato is forced at last to own that the subjection we are kept under by that arrogant sex, is the effect of violence and imposition? This he does to compliment his own sex, with attributing all our merit to them. A sorry compliment (...) Is not this calling all his own sex fools? For surely nothing can be a greater proof of folly in the Men than to use violence and imposition, and to take perpetual pains to support both, only to make us act with affectation (...) So that either all the Men are downright changelings, by Cato's own confession, or this mighty oracle himself is a driveler, and to be heeded by none but such.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|I would have to go back into my past and deal with Adrian. My philosopher friend, who gazed on life and decided that any responsible, thinking individual should have the right to reject this gift that had never been asked for - and whose noble gesture re-emphasised with each passing decade the compromise and littleness that most lives consist of. 'Most lives': my life.
Glenn Haybittle, The Way Back to Florence|Remember that the expressions and vocal patterns you are committing to film will become synecdoches... That means something little that stands in for something big. Your smile will stand in for all human happiness. Your tears will be a model for everyone else's sadness. ...You have a responsibility to the people who will repeat your lines, wink your winks, imitate your laughter without knowing they are imitating anything. This is the secret power that actors hold. It is almost like being a god. We create what it is to be human when we stand fifty feet tall on a silk screen.So you'd better be good at it, for God's sake.
John Dryden|Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Nancy N. Rue, New Girl in Town|(Popular singer Eddie Fisher, appearing on This is Show Business, told Kaufman that women refused to date him because he looked so young.) Mr. Fisher, on Mount Wilson there is a telescope that can magnify the most distant stars up to twenty-four times the magnification of any previous telescope. This remarkable instrument was unsurpassed in the world of astronomy until the construction of the Mount Palomar telescope, an even more remarkable instrument of magnification. Owing to advances and improvements in optical technology, it is capable of magnifying the stars to four times the magnification and resolution of the Mount Wilson telescope - Mr. Fisher, if you could somehow put the Mount Wilson telescope inside the Mount Palomar telescope, you still wouldn't be able to detect my interest in your problem.
Kate Forsyth|I think fantasy is best described as a kind of fiction that evokes wonder, mystery or magic, a sense of possibility beyond the ordinary world in which we live, and yet which reflects and comments upon that known world.
Liz Liaw|The Beatitudes correspond to the Decalogue, with blessings in lieu of the forbidden.
Andy Paine, Bad Business|Hope is a strange thing, not to mention a common prostitute name,...
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and, as it were, to guide us.
Epicurus, Principal Doctrines|I feel a strange sensation brewing inside of me. It tickles my throat and forces my lips into a grin. Before I can stifle it, I giggle. And then I laugh.
Tiffany Madison|True art is thoughtful, emotional examination of how human themes impact the overall experience of existing. The rest is kitsch.
Danabelle Gutierrez, I Long To Be The River|Not every given chance deserves love, but every love deserves a given chance.
Marguerite Bennett, DC Comics: Bombshells, Vol. 1: Enlisted|We were taught to be good, and we were taught to be careful. But in this world, sometimes, I do not think we can be the two at once.
C. JoyBell C.|Catch a customer with emotion and you will have a customer for a day; but, capture a customer with value and you will keep a customer for a lifetime. I truly believe in good, old-fashioned values when it comes to business. That is what timelessness is made of! At the end of the day, the question is, “Do you want to build a good hut for a day or do you want to build a good fortress for a lifetime?” Quality, value, understanding the needs of your clientele— that’s how you build a legacy. Connect with people, because you can never underestimate just how many people out there are yearning for any form of good interpersonal connection that they can find and when you can provide that as a brand name, you can allow the person behind your business to shine through. That’s how timelessness is created. It’s not created by luring people into a myth; it’s created by making connections, by remembering people’s names, by being genuinely interested in everybody.
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|Why would a person prefer the accusations of guilt, unworthiness, ineptitude - even dishonor and betrayal- to real possibility? This may not seem to be the choice, but it is: complete self effacement, surrender to the "others", disavowal of any personal dignity and freedom-on the one hand; and freedom and independence, movement away from the others, extrication of oneself from the binding links of family and social duties-on the other hand. This is the choice that the depressed person actually faces.
Reiss Field|All year long Sylvia had been trying to overthrow her guileless, college girl image. She knew "cottons with big full skirts and university personalities" would have looked hopelessly naive in New York. Sylvia wanted to be hard and urban.
Manoj Arora, Happiness Unlimited: How to be happy always|What I am mourning is perhaps not worth saving, but I regret its loss nevertheless.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Like all things organically formed, there does exist a harmony, interrelated patterns, intuitive logic, and purpose, but these are subtle and you can’t find them exclusively by emotional or intellectual analysis. At first glance it’s all too complex and liquid-like, and our minds and emotions look for control and relief. To know water, you have to get wet; you can’t just sit back and analyze its components. So, do try to enjoy the swim, and don’t be afraid to just sit back and drink now and then—the water’s clean.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|With a clear idea of what you want in life, you need to actively pursue your dream. Half-hearted attempts will not work.
Brene Brown|The good old days, when each idea had an owner, are gone forever.
Paul Auster, Timbuktu|What else is life from the time you were born but a struggle to matter, at least to someone?
Caroline Myss|Healing is a different type of pain. It’s the pain of becoming aware of the power of one’s strength and weakness, of one’s capacity to love or do damage to oneself and to others, and of how the most challenging person to control in life is ultimately yourself.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|Memories fall like snowflakes upon my dreams. The snowflakes toss and tumble, each different and yet the same.
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|Nora had been training herself not to think too much about her kids. Not because she wanted to forget them - not at all - but because she wanted to remember them more accurately. For the same reason, she tried not to look too often at old photographs or videos...After a while, these scraps hardened into a kind of official narrative that crowded out thousands of equally valid memories, shunting the losers to some cluttered basement storage area in her brain.
Melissa McCarthy|When you a darker brunette and have pale skin like I do, it can wash you out a bit, so learning to contour is really helpful. I think you can be a bit more bold with eye makeup to define your eyes, and the same with lip colors - you can go for dark wine colors, which I love.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Who will you be, my Little Ones? Will you dance for the fires of your youth and run at midnight to water’s edge, diving into summer’s heat? Will you ride a wild mare to any thought or dream or love of your making? Will you seek the artistry of your own infatuations and explore . . .
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|Author says writing about Jesus is difficult because it is like writing about a friend "who is still liable to surprise us.
Irina Shayk|Where educators are raising and combining their voices, the seeds of positive change have emerged. Collective voice, exercised through the union, is power - the power to drive real change for our kids, families and communities.
Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn|Then a hundred sad voices lifted a wail,And a hundred glad voices piped on the gale:'Time is short, life is short,' they took up the tale: 'Life is sweet, love is sweet, use to-day while you may;Love is sweet, and to-morrow may fail; Love is sweet, use to-day.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Friendship Riddle|As a screenwriter - if you are completely honest with yourself - you can’t help but admit that your greatest threat is the audience, where audience is not understood as a demographic category but as a character outside the script to whom the story is addressed. A good part of the drama necessary for uncovering the story resides in the conflict between the storyteller and his/her audience. Audience plays the part of antagonist to the writer’s role as protagonist. The writer drives the action, which is forever complicated, frustrated and undermined by the audience’s needs and sensibilities. Audience wants you to prove it. Audience has a chip on its shoulder, and doesn’t give a damn. Audience has been there and done that in the guise of your mother, your father, your ex-, your worst enemy. Audience laughs at your stupidity and dares you to change its view of you and the story world that you would have it care about. Audience is defiant. It has your number. The only way you can defeat it is by carrying a bigger stick - your only defence is an inspired offence, namely the story.
Mary Baker Eddy|Home is the dearest spot on earth, and it should be the centre, though not the boundary, of the affections.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Seek to know thy soul; strength of love, light and life.
Pamela Anderson, Kant and Theology|On revient toujours a son premier amour." It sounds like a cynicism to-day. As if we really meant: "On ne revient jamais a son premier amour." But as a matter of fact, a man never leaves his first love, once the love is established. He may leave his first attempt at love. Once a man establishes a full dynamic communication at the deeper and higher centers, with a woman, this can never be broken. But sex in the head breaks down, and half circuits break down. Once the full circuit is established, however, this can never break.
Ben Nighthorse Campbell|Whether we start with a provisional status and legal permanent residence... or we set up some other way to assimilate legally, you can't ever put in something that says, 'You can never become a citizen.' That's un-American.
Victor Hugo|The Bible was composed in such a way that as beginners mature, its meaning grows with them.
Janine di Giovanni|It's been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that they've got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all.
George Saunders, CivilWarLand in Bad Decline|I have had an aversion to good spelling for sixty years and more, merely for the reason that when I was a boy there was not a thing I could do creditably except spell according to the book. It was a poor and mean distinction, and I early learned to disenjoy it. I suppose that this is because the ability to spell correctly is a talent, not an acquirement. There is some dignity about an acquirement, because it is a product of your own labor. It is earned, whereas to be able to do a thing merely by the grace of God, and not by your own effort, transfers the thing to our heavenly home--where possibly it is a matter of pride and satisfaction, but it leaves you naked and bankrupt.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|Nevertheless, what was made in the hope of transforming the world need not be rejected because it failed to do so – otherwise, one would also have to throw out a good deal of the greatest painting and poetry of the nineteenth century. An objective political failure can still work as a model of intellectual affirmation or dissent.
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|The town knew about darkness. It knew about the darkness that comes on the land when rotation hides the land from the sun, and about the darkness of the human soul. The town is an accumulation of three parts which, in sum, are greater than the sections. The town is the people who live there, the buildings which they have erected to den or do business in, and it is the land.
Matthew Green|Well the themes for me were and remain sex and love and grief and death - the things that make us and undo us, create and destroy, how we breed and disappear and the emotional context that surrounds these events.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|You realized you were surrounded by love, that you were held by love, and that you’d had too small an imagination about that word, that thing. Romantic love, absolutely. Our notion of love— it just seems a very unevolved and very unenlightened notion. That it’s this one person who you will meet. Eve Ensler
Joseph Langford, Mother Teresa's Secret Fire: The Encounter That Changed Her Life, and How It Can Transform Your Own|Compromise is low class. I don't have anything against the poor, but being low class is the root of all evil
Amy Kuivalainen, Cry of the Firebird|Squinting in the darkness Anya could just make out a strange curving symbol scratched into the bark. Baba Zosia scored a line through it, disfiguring the symbol. Anya felt something in the air change and give, like the forest had let out a breath it had been holding around them. Something like static pricked the back of her neck as Baba Zosia cut her finger and smeared blood on the tree. The strange symbol melted into the bark, healing the tree to appear like nothing had been carved on it to begin with. Lifting her hands towards the campsite Baba Zosia started to chant softly in the complicated language of the tribe. Magic thrummed through the air, making Anya’s own flare and itch under her skin. She rubbed her arms to stop it. Around her a breeze picked up and the campground, with its tracks in the mud and stains from the fires all melted away until there was nothing but autumn leaf litter and debris in its place. It looked like it hadn’t been disturbed for years.
Shelly Crane, Wide Open|He leaned in close and spoke low. "Wow, I don't know what the hell I did to put that look on your face, but you need to write it down so I can commit it to memory.
Kevin Hines, Cracked, Not Broken: Surviving and Thriving After a Suicide Attempt|This is what happens to the brain of those living with mental illnesses (more accurately, "brain illnesses"). The brain does not function as it should; life is out of control. The brain alters our bodies; thoughts are distorted, emotions are unregulated, and behaviors we once thought could never occur happen. One of the most challenging, exhausting, and painful phenomena we do as humans is to live and survive with these changes in our minds. The toll it takes on an individual's body and the people in their lives is, tragically, often too much to bear.-Dr. Daniel J. Reidenberg
Titus Lucretius Carus|fear in sooth holds so in check all mortals, because they see many operations go on in earth and heaven, the causes of which they can in no way understand, believing them therefore to be done by power divine.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Well people are just one species too, aren't they. And it's never stopped them fighting with each other; all the same species and think of all the excuses for war they've used! It hasn't had to be about space to live in, it's been about power, prestige, influence, fame, resources and I don't know what else!
Meghan Daum, Life Would Be Perfect If I Lived in That House|There had only ever been two roads home: there was the long road and there was the sea road, and tonight I would take the sea road.
Lars Iyer|Expectation is the greatest impediment to living, running ahead to tomorrow, it loses today.
K. Lamb|Every time a written word is put to page it is the opportunity to expand our minds, whether we are the writer or the reader. Enjoy the journey wherever it may take you!
Lailah Gifty Akita|It does not matter how many times you fall, the most important thing is there exist grace to shake of the dirt, and pull all forces for a rise up.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Lately, Mami’s eyes have been so dark, I don’t like looking into them because I’m afraid I’ll fall in.
Todd Burpo|Even this nation (the US) will be on the very verge of crumbling to pieces and tumbling to the ground, and when the Constitution is upon the brink of ruin, this people will be the staff upon which the nation shall lean, and they shall bear the Constitution away from the very verge of destruction.
Tammy Duckworth|I probably wouldn't be singing if not for Michael Jackson. When I started singing, I didn't like my tone until my mom put me on to Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder, so listening to the way they used their instrument helped me get more comfortable with my own.
Cupcake Brown, A Piece of Cake|She talked about wanting to be a part of something, wanting to be desired, to be 'special', craving to be loved. She talked about experiencing the kind of loneliness so immense it could swallow you up. She called it 'loneliness that crowds couldn't cure'.
Dawn M. Harvey, Embrace Your Greatness Curriculum|Words rarely answer what the heart suffers, but there is a God who does.
Charles Gilman, Professor Gargoyle|Last night they came again. The soldiers had set up a defense perimeter, but there were simply too many—they must have come by the hundreds of thousands, a huge swarm that blotted out the stars. Three soldiers killed, as well as Cole. He was standing right in front of me; they actually lifted him off his feet before they bored through him like hot knives through butter. There was barely enough of him left to bury.
Larry Wall|You can have the best technology in the world, but if you don't have a community who wants to use it and who are excited about it, then it has no purpose.
Emily Procter|Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Sarah Dessen|It seemed like this day could go in so many directions, like a spiderweb shooting out toward endless possibilities. Whenever you made a choice, especially one you'd been resisting, it always affected everything else, some in big ways, like a tremor beneath your feet, others in so tiny a shift you hardly noticed a change at all. But it was happening.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When last did you thank God? When last did you appreciate him? Some people are just busy praying for more things they need God to do. The best way to pray is by thanking God first for the things He has already done in your life. For the remaining job in your life, He knows how to finish it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[The Bible] has survived attack of every kind. Neither barbaric vandalism nor civilized scholarship has touched it. Neither the burning of fire nor the laughter of skepticism has accomplished its annihilation. Through the many dark ages of man, its glorious promises have survived unchanged.
Sylvester Stallone|It would be great to be able to pass on to someone all of the successes, the failures, and the knowledge that one has had. To help someone, avoid all the fire, pain and anxiety would be wonderful.
Dean Cavanagh|They listen to the music of idiots and amuse themselves with the sordid miseries of their businesses. They are not the things of angels or of any higher outpost that humanity might aspire to. Your loathsome vomitous businessman king is of the lowest order, his advisors crumbling mockeries of education driven by avarice. My love, dress them in the suits of mockery, and in their advanced state of stupidity and senility, burn and destroy them, so their ashes might join the compost which they so much deserve.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|Gabi glared. "If you want to add some variety to your sex life, why don't you just use your other hand?
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|Is it the sea you hear in me,Its dissatisfactions?Or the voice of nothing, that was you madness?
Seema Brain Openers|WHO YOU CAN BE, WILL COME TO YOU THROUGH CONSISTENT PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT.
Rae Carson, Walk on Earth a Stranger|Men. And their no-good, fool-headed proposals.
Ali Smith|But now we live in a time and in a culture when mystery tends to mean something more answerable, it means a crime novel, a thriller, a drama on TV, usually one where we'll probably find out – and where the whole point of reading it or watching it will be that we will find out – what happened. And if we don't, we feel cheated.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Great business leaders of our time stand above the crowd not because of what they do, but what they don’t do.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Some of the pain released, and love filled the cleared space, uniting, magnetizing more self-love to it.
Confucius|The Master said, “If your conduct is determined solely by considerations of profit you will arouse great resentment.
Kristin Gore, Sammy's Hill|I had lesser friends who would pretend to be interested in a night of catching up and then morph into giggly backstabbers at the first whiff of Polo Aftershave--woman who were lightning fast with the put-down joke or dismissive wave, whatever it took to seem more pretty or witty or larger chested to the nighly swarm of male barflies.
Jon Meacham|But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.
Nathan Poe|You didn’t make her sue you, even if you did punch her at that wedding.
William Gaddis, The Recognitions|The room was filled with smoke, dry worn-out smoke retaining in it like a web the insectile cadavers of dry husks of words which had been spoken and should be gone, the breaths exhaled not to be breathed again. But the words went on, and in those brief interruptions between cigarettes the exhalations were rebreathed.
Deb Baker, Murder Talks Turkey|You have so much love in you. Trust your firends and family. They're all you have, but they're precious, the most important part of your life.
Melanie Charlene|The sun rises, the sun falls, the wind blows and the birds sing no matter where you are. These are experiences that unite us all... something we can all enjoy together
Fatima Masood|Withdraw, like a turtle, into a hard yet harmless shell, ornamented with beautiful memories of the past.from the book 'I Know Who You Are!
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|I am no longer in love with her, that's certain, but maybe I love her. Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Dare to BeWhen a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.When times are tough, dare to be tougher.When love hurts you, dare to love again.When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.Dare to be the best you can –At all times, Dare to be!
Cicero|After my screen test  the director clapped his hands gleefully and yelled  "She can't talk! She can't act! She's sensational!"
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|He hadn’t treated me with the love and compassion I wanted, but I was worthy of that love, and someday some boy would have it for me. I hadn’t found it yet, but I would find it soon.
Robert  Black|Christina flashed a smile. "I shall ask a million questions of your purply-eyed so that Diana doesn't think about you and Julian or whether you might be at Mr. Rook's."I'm not sure he's a mister," Emma said, stifling a yawn. "I've never heard anyone call him anything but 'hey, Rook' or sometimes 'that bastard.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|Unconditional love is an illogical notion, but such a great and powerful one.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I can draw the slightest smile across a single face obliterated by pain, in that act I will have begun to understand the power of an ordinary human being to perform the seemingly impossible in the life of another human being. And how can that experience do anything less than drive me to try and make the world smile.
Curtis Stone|Indian food has been huge in the UK forever and ever, but that's because it has a historical rooting. America, I think is really ripe for it. There's been so much interest in Indian culture.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|Often you shall think your road impassable, sombre and companionless. Have will and plod along; and round each curve you shall find a new companion.
Ramana Pemmaraju|How, when and what you perceive - defines your life!
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|Being in relationship with Jesus, "God, The One and Only", is the single cure for hatred ...the only guarantee of salam or shalom!
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|A man who wants to die feels angry and full of life and desperate and bored and exhausted, all at the same time; he wants to fight everyone, and he wants to curl up in a ball and hide in a cupboard somewhere. He wants to say sorry to everyone, and he wants everyone to know just how badly they've all let him down.
Wendy Pini, The Big ElfQuest Gatherum|But some words to men and women, boys and girls alike: The quality of the work must merit the readers' time and money. Do it for yourself, but make yourself a member of your own audience. There is no other way to evaluate your own progress.
Alexia Adams, His Billion Dollar Dilemma|It was one thing to jack off. It was another thing to jack off and not secure your shit before you opened a goddamned door. That was like, Puberty 101. Or Being a Guy 101. Or Basic Fucking Common Sense 101.
J.M. Colail, Wes and Toren|Hi honey, I’m home! Take your pants off!” Wesley announced. He kissed my cheek as he passed me and put his lunch container in the sink.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|My landlord lives in the flat at the bottom of the stairs. I rent a studio flat from him, and live at the top of the staircase. There are two more flights of stairs and four more flats, but it’s me he is obsessed with.
Simone Troisi, Chiara Corbella Petrillo|In love one cannot be mediocre, nor can one sustain love without work. The choices in the past were not enough, and it was necessary to choose again.
Laurence Gonzales, Flight 232: A Story of Disaster and Survival|Finally, I will never forget stopping near a lovely young girl still strapped to her seat, breathing slightly. Her blouse was white, her slacks were blue. At the end of the trousers were two snow-white ankle bones where her feet used to be. I had never seen the whiteness of bones that are freshly exposed like that.
Monica Crowley|If you are tired of partisanship over patriotism, you need to vote for a change in direction.
L. Jayne, Chasing After Infinity|This is the thing about school dances. They make like it's supposed to be this other-worldly thing, but really it's just the people you see every day dressed up, standing in the gym in the dark with Red Hot Chili Peppers playing.
Jasper Fforde, The Song of the Quarkbeast|I leave her to chemically combust and find Wren in the student council office, filling out extremely interesting paperwork. He’s buried behind piles of the stuff. I can barely see tufts of his blonde hair poking out. I reach into the paperwork pile and shove the two halves aside. Hundreds of them fall off the desk and to the floor. Papers drift through the air like snowflakes. Fat, boring-ass snowflakes. Wren looks up, face slack with shock. “Whatcha doing?” I ask. “Dividing up funding for the other clubs,” He whispers, clearly distraught. A paper plops onto his head and slides off dejectedly. I’m respectful for three seconds. “So anyway, I had this nightmare in which Jack was sexy and Kayla died.
Lucas Grabeel|The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service.
Terry Eagleton|Because subjects like literature and art history have no obvious material pay-off, they tend to attract those who look askance at capitalist notions of utility. The idea of doing something purely for the delight of it has always rattled the grey-bearded guardians of the state. Sheer pointlessness has always been a deeply subversive affair.
Cherrie Lynn, Rock Me|You're the only woman in the world I want to be amazing in bed for or to give mind-blowing, multiple oragasms to.
Barbara Kingsolver, Pigs in Heaven|As Ramses did the same for his mother, he saw that her eyes were fixed on him. She had been unusually silent. She had not needed his father's tactless comment to understand the full implications of Farouk's death. As he met her unblinking gaze he was reminded of one of Nefret's more vivid descriptions. 'When she's angry, her eyes look like polished steel balls.' That's done it, he thought. She's made up her mind to get David and me out of this if she has to take on every German and Turkish agent in the Middle East.
Nick Nolte|In books, as in life, there are no second chances. On second thought: it's the next work, still to be written, that offers the second chance.
|The precious gift of life alone, is more than enough to give thanks to God on a daily basis.
Jennie Finch|I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?
Louise Suzanne Boyd, Journey to the Rainbow|The road of grief is often long and lonely and many stones need to be moved out of the way, but it is not without its lighter moments.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Here is the most valuable thing in the whole of Moomin Valley, Groke! Do you know what has grown out of this hat? Raspberry juice and fruit trees, and the most beautiful little self-propelling clouds: the only Hobgoblin's Hat in the world!
Marian Keyes, The Break|This is the problem about thinking about something else to take your mind off something. It works for a little while, but in the end you always come back to the thing you were trying not to think about, only now whatever it was is worse.
E.M. Forster|Standing each by his monster, they looked at each other, and smiled
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|That's my town,' Joaquin said. 'What a fine town, but how the buena gente, the good people of that town, have suffered in this war.' Then, his face grave, 'There they shot my father. My mother. My brother-in-law and now my sister.' 'What barbarians,' Robert Jordan said. How many times had he heard this? How many times had he watched people say it with difficulty? How many times had he seen their eyes fill and their throats harden with the difficulty of saying my father, or my brother, or my mother, or my sister? He could not remember how many times he heard them mention their dead in this way. Nearly always they spoke as this boy did now; suddenly and apropos of the mention of the town and always you said, 'What barbarians.
Pina Bausch|They dined on mince, and slices of quinceWhich they ate with a runcible spoon;And hand in hand, on the edge of the sand,They danced by the light of the moon.
Theodore Roosevelt|America's fighting men and women sacrifice much to ensure that our great nation stays free. We owe a debt of gratitude to the soldiers that have paid the ultimate price for this cause, as well as for those who are blessed enough to return from the battlefield unscathed.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|If you always make the right decision, the safe decision,the one most people make, you will be the same as everyone else.
Seth D.|Be like the flower, content with its nature.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|An educated person's ideas of Art are drwan naturally from what Art has been, whereas the new work of art is beautiful by being what Art has never been; and to measure it by the standard of the past is to measure it by a standard on the rejection of which its real perfection depends.
Sean Kennedy, Tigers and Devils|It's just going to add to him thinking that I am a crazy, wanky, greenie, hybriddriving hippie," I complained."Has he seen your bomb of a car?" Fran asked in disbelief. "Greenpeace arranges a protest every time it leaves your driveway.
Lauren Lipton, Mating Rituals of the North American WASP|An aphrodisiac will disappear,delusional, like permanence or wealth - a shimmering, as if love were a ghost -and yet my passion for you seethes and searswithout an end. Late April leaves can’t cravecaress of dew, sunlight’s sweet splash, more thanI pine for your embrace, us turned to one;when harsh reversals scar, the thought of you will salvelike summer wind in autumn; deep red bloodsurging along with mine, staid genes worked hotfrom your electric charms, as all my moodssuccumb to your sweet fire, and perfect wit.Now you are all I live for - loving you -in fleeting world of lies, you are the truth.
Tehmina Durrani, My Feudal Lord|The general public have a warped view of the speed at which an investigation proceeds. They like to imagine tense conversations going on behind the venetian blinds and unshaven, but ruggedly handsome, detectives working themselves with single-minded devotion into the bottle and marital breakdown. The truth is that at the end of the day, unless you've generated some sort of lead, you go home and get on with the important things in life - like drinking and sleeping, and if you're lucky, a relationship with the gender and sexual orientation of your choice.
Anne Eliot, Unmaking Hunter Kennedy|I was so happy when I found out the wounds you’d inflicted weren’t serious, that you had stopped.” “Yes, I stopped. Barry, all of you, see what I did as this suicide attempt. But I didn’t want to die. I only wanted my mom to hear me. To come find me. To see that I was sad. To help me, I guess. I just didn’t have it in me to tell her what I needed. And fine, I get now that she couldn’t read my mind.” He wiped his eyes again. “But I didn’t get it then. I’m so mad at myself. What was wrong with me that I couldn’t just tell her? That I didn’t have the capacity to ask her for anything.
Rachel Carson|I turn and walk back to the home shore whose tall yellow bluffs still bare of snow I can see nearly half a mile to the north. I find my way as I came, over dusty sandbars and by old channels, through shrubby stands of willows. The cold, late afternoon sun breaks through its cloud cover and streaks the grey sand mixed with snow.As it has fallen steadily in the past weeks, the river has left behind many shallow pools, and these are now roofed with ice. When I am close to the main shore I come upon one of them, not far from the wooded bank. The light snow that fell a few days ago has blown away; the ice is polished and is thick enough to stand on. I can see to the bottom without difficulty, as through heavy dark glass.I bend over, looking at the debris caught there in the clear, black depth of the ice: I see a few small sticks, and many leaves. There are alder leaves, roughly toothed and still half green; the more delicate birch leaves and aspen leaves, the big, smooth poplar leaves, and narrow leaves from the willows. They are massed or scattered, as they fell quietly or as the wind blew them into the freezing water. Some of them are still fresh in color, glowing yellow and orange; others are mottled with grey and brown. A few older leaves lie sunken and black on the silty bottom. Here and there a pebble of quartz is gleaming. But nothing moves there. It is a still, cold world, something like night, with its own fixed planets and stars.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr.|It is my living sentiment, and by the blessing of God it shall be my dying sentiment, independence now and independence forever.
Aimee Mann|I think, to be happy is to be interested and engaged.
Debasish Mridha|Close your eyes. Now see the world with your mind, and feel the joy of your magnificent life.
Ayn Rand|Happiness is purely a chosen state of being available to all, at all times.I choose to be happy, because I am.
P.G. Wodehouse|Great pals we've always been. In fact there was a time when I had an idea I was in love with Cynthia. However, it blew over. A dashed pretty and lively and attractive girl, mind you, but full of ideals and all that. I may be wronging her, but I have an idea that she's the sort of girl who would want a fellow to carve out a career and what not. I know I've heard her speak favourably of Napoleon. So what with one thing and another the jolly old frenzy sort of petered out, and now we're just pals. I think she's a topper, and she thinks me next door to a looney, so everything's nice and matey.
Willie Stargell|You know, I've got wrinkles on my forehead and smile lines, but what's wrong with that? I love to smile.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Life is the most effective school ever created. Once upon a time they made children bow their heads and read books. It would take ages to get anything across." He taps his head. "But we have widgets and datapads now, and we Golds have the lower Colors to do our research. We need not study chemistry or physics. We have computers and others to do that. What we must study is humanity. In order to rule, ours must be the study of political, psychological, and behavioral science - how desperate human beings react to one another, how packs form, how armies function, how things fall apart and why. You could learn this nowhere else but here.
Laurel Cremant, Wynter's Fall|He dropped back into the couch cushions, stroking the condensation dripping off his glass. "You're in a pickle.""You want one?" Her eyebrows perked up, though her eyes weren't tracking well. "I think I have a jar in the fridge.
Chris Hemsworth|One time, I was posing on a car for a calendar shoot. I was doused with oil and literally slid off the car, bikini, heels and all!
Dada Bhagwan|It is called understanding when one accepts other’s talks of wisdom; but, where is the wisdom filled talk in this era?
Sarah Strohmeyer, Kindred Spirits|Love doesn't go anywhere when you die, you know. The person passes on, the body withers, but love, it survives.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|There is no doubt that solitude is a challenge and to maintain balance within it a precarious business. But I must not forget that, for me, being with people or even with one beloved person for any length of time without solitude is even worse. I lose my center. I feel dispersed, scattered, in pieces. I must have time alone in which to mull over my encounter, and to extract its juice, its essence, to understand what has really happened to me as a consequence of it.
Shannon Hale|The rewrites are a struggle right now. Sometimes I wish writing a book could just be easy for me at last. But when I think about it practically, I am glad it's a struggle. I am (as usual) attempting to write a book that's too hard for me. I'm telling a story I'm not smart enough to tell. The risk of failure is huge. But I prefer it this way. I'm forced to learn, forced to smarten myself up, forced to wrestle. And if it works, then I'll have written something that is better than I am.
Jeff Jarvis, What Would Google Do?|Of Teddy Roosevelt and his siblings, the author writes they were, "armed with an innate curiosity and discipline fostered by his remarkable father.
Julia Quinn, To Sir Phillip, With Love|He shook his head in wonder. "You are magnificent.""I keep telling everyone that," she said with a nonchalant shrug, "But you seem to be the only one to believe me.
Beth Nimmo, Rachel's Tears: The Spiritual Journey of Columbine Martyr Rachel Scott|I felt like I was an arrow, pulled back and ready to be launched into something big.
John F. Kennedy|The Holocaust illustrates the consequences of prejudice, racism and stereotyping on a society. It forces us to examine the responsibilities of citizenship and confront the powerful ramifications of indifference and inaction.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|It is a second-generation Seattle-scene record label; all of its artists are young people who came to Seattle after they graduated college in search of the legendary Seattle music scene and discovered that it didn't really exist--it was just a couple of dozen guys who sat around playing guitar in one another's basements--and so who were basically forced to choose between going home in ignominy or fabricating the Seattle Music scene of their imagination from whole cloth. This led to the establishment of any number of small clubs, and the foundation of many bands, that were not rooted in any kind of authentic reality whatsoever but merely reflected the dreams and aspiration of pan-global young adults who had flocked to Seattle on the same chimera hunt.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...thinking about laughing with 2 yr old Findlay today - Dostoyevsky was right, “The soul is healed by being with children.” ...
Cameron Jace, Prince of Puppets|Youths should study,' grumbled the Old Woman, 'and not take the laws apart. And you, dear Youth, before you become acquainted with the Beautiful Woman, take a good look into her Garden through the window tomorrow morning, when everything is clearly and genuinely visible in the light of the sun. You will see that in the Garden there are no flowers which are familiar to anyone here, and only such flowers as none of us in the City know. Just think about this carefully, after all, there is something strange about it. The devil is cunning; is this not his creation for the damnation of people?'("The Poison Garden")
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery: A Novel About Family and Destiny|Wir werden alt und grau. Wir werden eines Tages verschlissen sein und aus der Welt verschwinden. Mit unseren Träumen ist das anders. Sie können in anderen Menschen weiterleben, wenn es uns schon längst, längst nicht mehr gibt.
Nikki Rowe|Some women become reckless with the fire, some find every way to put it out and rise above with the ashes left behind.
Richelle E. Goodrich|It is said that you can't write without a reader. The opposite holds true as well; you can't read without a writer. But if as a single, creative person you are one in the same, then, well.....problem solved! Great writing is born from that which we personally long to read.
Billie Joe Armstrong|Men are naturally unequal. They are unequal members of one family, in which one can be brilliant, another mediocre, and another an imbecile. Hereditary substance is a mystery.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The entire journey of life is lived with energy and we use energy in all that we do from dawn to dusk! When your energy goes down, something goes down. We can do anything with our energy but not all things deserve our true energy! We have, all of us, a choice to choose where our energy must go when day breaks. We can choose to allow anything at all take our energy, but we must not forget that where our energy goes, from there comes something to us; something good or something bad, something mediocre or something noble, something that will disturb us or something that will enhance our joy, latently or visibly, now or tomorrow! We must always remember each day that the same energy that is exerted on wrong things to attract and produce wrong things can be exerted on good things to produce good and great things!
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|Everything seemed so clear to him now that he could not stop wondering how it was that everybody did not see it, and that he himself had for such a long while not seen what was so clearly evident. The people were dying out, and had got used to the dying-out process, and had formed habits of life adapted to this process...And so gradually had the people come to this condition that they did not realize the full horrors of it, and did not complain. Therefore, we consider their condition natural and as it should be. Now it seemed as clear as daylight that the chief cause of the people's great want was one that they themselves knew and always pointed out, i.e., that the land which alone could feed them had been taken from them by the landlords.And how evident it was that the children and the aged died because they had no milk, and they had no milk because there was no pasture land, and no land to grow corn or make hay on...The land so much needed by men was tilled by these people, who were on the verge of starvation, so that the corn might be sold abroad and the owners of the land might buy themselves hats and canes, and carriages and bronzes, etc.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|Don't change yourself for anyone, you may struggle a lot to do so... When you are completely changed, people wants the old one to get back again, which would be a difficult task ever for you...
Natalie Lloyd|I'm convinced Midnight Gulch can't be the only magical town in the world. I bet there's a snicker of magic on every street, in every old building, every broken heart, every word of a story. Maybe it's hidden away and you need to look harder for it. Or maybe the magic is right there, right in front of you, and all you have to do is believe.
Catherine Fisher, Incarceron|Shut up!" Finn turned, furious. "Look at you both! The only friends I have in this hell and all you can do is fight over me. Do either of you care about me? Not the seer, the fighter, the fool who takes all the risks, but me, Finn?
Mohith Agadi|Those who talk more about others' wrongs are actually Perilous, Be Careful.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|I’ve said over and over again jokingly that the only way a woman can truly be completely satisfied is to get herself four different men—an old one, an ugly one, a Mandingo, and a gayguy. Now the four of them combined? They got you covered.
Li Keqiang|Wisdom alone is true ambition's aim, wisdom is the source of virtue and of fame; obtained with labour, for mankind employed, and then, when most you share it, best enjoyed.
Gabbo De La Parra|Whining is a virus, a lethal, infectious, epidemic disease.
William Saroyan, The William Saroyan Reader|You can be a writer who doesn't read everyday. But you're not fooling anyone. It shows, rather embarrassingly, in your work.
Soulja Boy|I worked at a local country club that I never belonged to. I did random tasks in the pro shop and supposed to be in charge of the register, but that didn't go so well. They quickly realized I was better with people, not computers.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|Like, okay, look up at that cloud and tell me what you see,” Bree said, pointing up at the closest cloud above them. “What do you mean, what do I see? It’s a cloud. I see a cloud,” Alessandro insisted. “No, what do you see? Like when you go to a shrink and they make you look at ink blots,” Bree explained. Alessandro looked over at her. “How much wine did you drink?” She smacked his arm. “I’ll go first. I see a rabbit.” “A rabbit?” Alessandro asked, laughing. “Yeah, the top of that one is shaped like ears, long rabbit ears.” “Ah, I see what you’re doing now. All right then. That one there…looks like…” Alessandro squinted his eyes as if hard in concentration. “An airplane.” “Oh, yeah. I see that,” Bree agreed. “Okay, what about that one?” She pointed to a cloud to Alessandro’s right. “That one looks rather like my wife’s sweet pert little ass,” Alessandro joked. “After two kids? You’re delusional,” she said laughing. “My turn. I think that one looks like…” Bree tilted her head. “My wife’s beautiful round breasts,” Alessandro injected. “Stop that!” Bree said, giggling. “Excuse me, I’m just playing the game.” “No, you’re not. You’re being a horny guy.” Alessandro pressed a hand to his chest as if she had wounded him. “To prove it to you, I say we compare.” He undid the buttons of her blouse and Bree was laughing too hard to stop him.
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|By Identifying "SELF" as something you are just limiting it, killing the peace, love and harmony.
Andrew Porter, The Theory of Light and Matter|Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization; it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.
Letitia Baldrige|Everyone talks about how much data's in the world. Except, actually, 80% of it is pretty blind to computers. I mean, it can store it. But if it's a movie, a poem, a song, it doesn't know what it's actually saying or doing.
John Horne Burns, The Gallery|It is easy to put down Frances Trollope as a Tory embittered by her American business failure. But her observations on American manners, confirmed by many other observers foreign and domestic, actually provide a sharply drawn picture of daily life in the young republic. Most observers at the time agreed with her in finding Americans obsessively preoccupied with earning a living and relatively uninterested in leisure activities. Not only Tories but reformers like Martineau and Charles Dickens angered their hosts by complaining of the overwhelmingly commercial tone of American life, the worship of the 'almighty dollar.' Americans pursued success so avidly they seldom paused to smell the flowers. A kind of raw egotism, unsoftened by sociability, expressed itself in boastful men, demanding women, and loud children. The amiable arts of conversation and cooking were not well cultivated, foreigners complained; Tocqueville found American cuisine 'the infancy of the art' and declared one New York dinner he attended 'complete barbarism.' Despite their relatively broad distribution of prosperity, Americans seemed strangely restless; visitors interpreted the popularity of the rocking chair as one symptom of this restlessness. Another symptom, even more emphatically deplored, was the habit, widespread among males, of chewing tobacco and spitting on the floor. Women found their long dresses caught the spittle, which encouraged them to avoid male company at social events. Chewing tobacco thus reinforced the tendency toward social segregation of the sexes, with each gender talking among themselves about their occupations, the men, business and politics; the women, homemaking and children.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|To me, I see scars of courage. Inflicting them gave him the strength to survive the pain that's plagued him all his life. I'm grateful to every one of them because he's still here, with me.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Sometimes you get so tired of each day, you wish it was over. But it just goes on and on, like the silent prayers that forever go unanswered." - excerpt from: freefalling
Shady K. Hallab|If I can't have your babies, I'll damn sure deliver them!
Michel de Montaigne|No person is great in isolation. It takes many hands to shape a life. Denial would mean conceit, and conceit is not the same as self-respect.
James Fenimore Cooper|Tis open before your eyes," returned the scout; "and he who knows it is not a niggard of its use. I have heard it said that there are men who read in books to convince themselves there is a God. I know not but man may deform his works in the settlement, as to leave that which is so clear in the wilderness a matter of doubt among traders and priests. If any such there be, and he will follow me from sun to sun, through the windings of the forest, he shall see enough to teach him that he is a fool, and the greatest of his folly lies in striving to rise to the level of One he can never equal, be it in goodness, or be it in power.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Play Quidditch at all?”“No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch cou
A.E. Samaan|After years of working with missionaries, I am tempted to conclude that their endeavors merely prolong a dying race's agonies for ten or twenty years. The merciful plowman shoots a trusty horse grown too old for service. As philanthropists, might it not be our duty to likewise ameliorate the savages' sufferings by hastening their extinction? Think of your Red Indians, Adam, think on the treaties you Americans abrogate & renege on, time & time & time again. More humane, surely & more honest, just to knock the savages on the head & get it over with?
Debasish Mridha|To live in infinite bliss, practice mindfulness and live in the moment.
Mark Lawrence, The Liar's Key|Here is where most preachers make their mistake. They are afraid that by preaching the gospel too clearly, it will be their fault if people lapse into sin. They imagine that the gospel is food for the carnal-minded. True enough, to many the gospel does become the smell of death unto death, but that is not the fault of the Gospel. That happens only because men do not accept -do not believe-the Gospel. Faith is not merely thinking, "I believe." Your whole heart must be seized by the gospel and come to rest in it. When that happens, you are transformed and cannot help but love and serve God.
Sara Quin|Master, I'm afraid. I am, truly. This place scares me. At home, I know who I am, what to do. I'm the Warden's daughter, I know where I stand. But this is a dangerous place, full of pitfalls. All my life, I've known it was waiting for me, but now I'm not sure I can face it. They'll want to absorb me, make me one of them, and I won't change. I won't! I want to stay me."Jared sighed and she saw his dark gaze was fixed on the veiled window."Claudia, you're the bravest person I know. And no one will change you. You will rule here, though it won't be easy...
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Love, affection, even attention are not things that need pursuit. If they are not given freely, openly, willingly to you by another person, then stop trying to obtain them from that person. Someone else will gladly share theirs with you.
Kate Willis, The Treasure Hunt|It all started with one of those days--one of those muggy, first-of-the-summer-vacation days when everyone older and everyone younger knew what to do, but everyone in between was lost.
Gerard Way|If you've got cool nails, you wake up and you're like, 'Oh, I'm happy now.'
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Book of Life, The: Daily Meditations with Krishnamurti|I'm sorry. This is diary, not enlightenment.
Jay Woodman|You are magnificent - a jewel reflecting inwardly and outwardly, the light of the universe. Observe how you respond to beauty everywhere - you bear witness to everything. Be aware that you, yourself, are an inextricable part of the infinite creative intelligence, and be blessed.
Howard Gardner|For, to be a stranger is naturally a very positive relation; it is a specific form of interaction.
Michelle Moran, Rebel Queen|Sometimes, Anu, we have to take actions that make us sad because it's the right thing to do for the future.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|Not everyone believed in marriage then. To marry was to say you believed in the future and in the past, too - that history and tradition and hope could stay knit together to hold you up.
Lone Alaskan Gypsy|Rain makes me feel less alone. All rain is, is a cloud- falling apart, and pouring its shattered pieces down on top of you. It makes me feel good to know I'm not the only thing that falls apart . It makes me feel better to know other things in nature can shatter.
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|Law existed before grace and mercy. The law is static it cannot save. Inside of time only grace and mercy can save. It is not the job of the intellect to tame the passions of the heart, that is the job of the spirit. Emotion is deep and highly nuanced, it cannot be described by any mathematical equation. Dynamic problems require dynamic solutions.
Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul|If we cut up beasts simply because they cannot prevent us and because we are backing our own side in the struggle for existence, it is only logical to cut up imbeciles, criminals, enemies, or capitalists for the same reasons.
joseph fink, jeffrey cranor|All things end. They rarely end as we would like them to and often do so before we are ready. We transition in a way that gives our loss honor; we grieve with a love and true appreciation for what we have no longer. It was clear that my mom was ready to go; it was her time. My love of her and my desperation to keep her in my life were of no consequence to that fact, any more than my relentless attempts to improve The Lyon's Den kept it from cancellation. Both personally and professionally I was swamped with the message: Your plan pales compared to the larger one.
Kayko Tamaki|It is naive to think you know someone so well.To think that whatever time you have shared in knowing their habits, their history, their stories, their weaknesses, their strengths, their wounds, and deepest corners of their heart could ever sum them up-- is unjust.It is a shame to be unaware of the shifts and changes that happen every day, every moment, right before your eyes. The little crinkles around her eyes that get ever-so-slightly deeper and wiser. The silver linings of her hair. The wonders of time and how they show their presence in such ways. You may think that a flower is simply a flower. A flower that looks and smells just as simply as it always has. Or that the ocean is simply salt water and blue. The flower is always moving, changing, blossoming, and giving life to the birds and the bees. The ocean's tides rise and fall with the phases of the moon. The currents change direction. And depending on how the sun hits the water, the colors and shades of blue are in fact, infinite. Everything around you and everyone is always changing. Take time to smell the roses. Take time to watch the tide. Take time to see your love with new eyes. It would be a shame to miss it.
Carl von Clausewitz|If the leader is filled with high ambition and if he pursues his aims with audacity and strength of will, he will reach them in spite of all obstacles.
Gena Lee Nolin|If you've got love you've got life, if you can love you can live.
Rob Riggle|My husband, after two weeks of dating, asked me, if our relationship were to work out, would I be OK with our first boy being named Ace.
Warren Spector|One of the sad things about retiring is that you just become increasingly irrelevant. The world flows around you, and you don't seem to be impacting it any longer.
Michael Connelly, Trunk Music|Hidden Highlands was maybe a little richer but not that different from many of the other small, wealthy and scared enclaves nestled in the hills and valleys around Los Angeles. Walls and gates, guardhouses and private security forces were the secret ingredients of the so-called melting pot of southern California.
Walt Whitman|when you obey the rules, the rules obey you
Kiran Millwood Hargrave, The Girl of Ink and Stars|Inventions cannot be judged on patent parameters, but patents have the ability to take inventions very far
Janet Frame|Timmy, who made a daring escape, also made a mistake of paying the taxi driver with a check made out of toilet paper.
Deb Caletti, The Fortunes of Indigo Skye|Maybe a person's world can grow bigger in all the right ways, not too wide that it becomes shallow, just large enough to preserve its depth.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God has already set the date [for judgment]. You may make and break appointments in this life, but this is one appointment you are going to keep.
Eileen Anglin|We are on a journey not to be perfect, but to be whole.
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|The spurned diagnosisShame"By shame, I have in mind the terrible, at times unfathomable, feeling of being outcast from human society, of being shunned and spurned, of being wanted by no one, and having no one who empathizes with you (Lynd 1958). Part of this experience of shame is the focus on the inadequacies of oneself in the eyes of others and oneself, and of feeling mortified, wanting to disappear, to hide inside a crack in the wall (Lewis 1971).
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Considering things in the ecumenical measure, we are the microbes of the Universe.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|Never compete with your master, because that is disrespect to him! You are your only rival, you compete with yourself, go beyond yourself!
Alastair Reynolds, Revelation Space|No matter how heavy the challenges we face in our life, embrace optimism, perseverance, tenacity and courage. Never lose faith and hope and a generous heart who live and breathes with a timeless love.
Eraldo Banovac|If you cannot solve a problem, ask someone who knows.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The last thing I ever wanted was to be alive when the three most powerful people on the whole planet would be named Bush, Dick and Colon.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Just like sweeping the streets, sweep the unnecessary things from your mind too; keep your mind clean!
Raymond E. Feist|Forgive me, Magnus.’‘I don’t know if I can.’‘You must.’Still looking into the distance, he said, ‘You need my forgiveness?’‘No. I’m dead. You can do nothing for me. You need to forgive me so you can live.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction|The use of imaginative fiction is to deepen your understanding of your world, and your fellow men, and your own feelings, and your destiny.
James Duane, You Have the Right to Remain Innocent|So many lives are in bitterness today not just because of how their pasts were abused, but how they think they were innocent.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|It is not the self respect and pride that you take with you, but the heritage you leave behind to your children that matters. A strongly marked personality can influence descendants for generations. Those blessed with a patriotic genetic legacy should run to the top of the mountain and roar with all fervency, “If they can over come, so will I!” When you know the ghosts that stand in support of you, you can begin to see life as they did—a life of joy, possibilities and freedom.
Alija Izetbegović|We have no rational evidence that there exits another world, but we have a clear feeling that man does not exist only to produce and to consume.
Alain de Benoist, On Being A Pagan|A connection could be drawn between the secular ascent of biblical values in today's world and the depreciation of beauty that characterizes it on so many levels. Beauty today is often depreciated as monotonous or denounced as a constraining norm, when it is simply reduced to a pure spectacle accompanied by a rehabilitation or even exaltation of deformity and ugliness, as can be seen in many areas. The degeneration of beauty and the promotion of ugliness, tied to the flowering of intellectualism, could be certainly be part of the Umwertung stigmatized by Nietzsche.
Harold Bloom, The Anatomy of Influence: Literature as a Way of Life|You can quiz me on Petrarch, Medea, Shakespeare or Dante, I know them all, and I’m sorry, but they’ve all gone wrong. Dumb glorified men, writing words about love and life as if they knew. As far as I’m concerned, they didn’t make it out alive either, so I’m sure as hell not going to go to them for advice.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.
|We all go through some tough times, but unfortunately, some of us let theirs define the rest of their lives instead of growing from them.
William Blake|Labour was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things. It was not by gold or by silver, but by labour, that all wealth of the world was originally purchased.
Guy Gavriel Kay, The Lions of Al-Rassan|Eyyia?" said her husband, and Eliane bet Danel heard the mangling of her name as music."You sound like a marsh frog," she said, moving to stand before his chair.By the flickering light she saw him smile."Where have you been," she asked. "My dear. I've needed you so much.""Eyyia," he tried again, and stood up. His eyes were black hollows. They would always be hollows.He opened his arms and she moved into the space they made in the world, and laying her head against his chest she permitted herself the almost unimaginable luxury of grief.
Jack London|And at the instant he knew, he ceased to know.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|World War I broke out largely because of an arms race, and World War II because of the lack of an arms race.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|I close my eyes and think of what might be possible. And, in my mind, I see fireworks over the Hudson.
Dawn French, Dear Fatty|We are all Clapping Monkeys, but while some of us smile, others look around to see if anyone has noticed.
John A. Ashley, The Lost Tribe|Stars are attributed w/ intelligence they don't have, beauty they haven't worked for, loyaly & love they are incapable of reciprocating, and strength they do not possess. They are treated like a beautiful vase of cut flowers. When wilted, simply replaced w/ new blooms.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Write drunk (on emotion); edit sober (on rationality and intention).Faulkner, reimagined by me.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Young Miles|Now that it's over, I just wanna hold herI'd give up all the world to see That little piece of heaven looking back at me.Now that it's over, I just wanna hold her.I've gotta live with the choices I've madeAnd I can't live with myself today.
Tracie Peterson, The Icecutter's Daughter|Merrill Krause - "My brothers have scared off just about any fellow who showed interest in getting to know me."Granny Lassiter - "Well, if a man can't stand up to those brothers of yours, you needn't even consider him. A man ought to be able to hold his own with his wife's family.
Abhijit Naskar|After the dinosaurs, it is us the humans that have become the dominant species on planet earth. However, unlike the dinosaurs, we have become the rulers of this planet not by ferociousness, but by intelligence, even though we are no less ferociousness than them.
Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes: Sunday Pages 1985-1995: An Exhibition Catalogue|Calvin:"It says here that 'religion is the opiate of the masses.'...what do you suppose that means?"Television: "...it means that Karl Marx hadn't seen anything yet
Martin Sheen|In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.
Pope Benedict XVI|The fruits of your labors may be reaped two generations from now. Trust, even when you don't see the results.
Jeremiah Burroughs|Christian contentment is that sweet, inward, quiet, gracious frame of spirit, which freely submits to and delights in God's wise and fatherly disposal in every condition.
Margaret Cavendish|Half of all women who are sexually active, but do not want to get pregnant, need publicly funded services to help them access public health programs like Medicaid and Title X, the national family planning program.
A.E. Via|A French proverb says ‘Wait until it is night before saying that it has been a fine day.’ To tell it more precise, wait till the clock strikes the midnight!
Drew Barrymore|Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
Keith Thibodeaux|In fact, I was one of the few trusted people that Lucy allowed to play with their kids. I spent time at their summer home, rode horses at their ranch, and swam at their beach house. I even spent a Christmas with them at Palm Springs one year.
Kristine Grayson, Wickedly Charming|Women's fiction is just a marketing category, designed to appeal more to women than to men. But there are stories in that category that any human being would like.
Kate DiCamillo, The Magician's Elephant|There," she said. She rocked him back and forth. "There, you foolish, beautiful boy who wants to change the world. There, there. And who could keep from loving you? Who could keep from loving a boy so brave and true?
James Kennedy|As an Odd-Fish, it is not my job to be right,' said Sir Oort. 'It is my job to be wrong in new and exciting ways.
Philip Pullman|I am a religious person, although I am not a believer.
Thomas Paine|Now he realized the truth: that sacrifice was no purchase of freedom. It was like a great elective office, it was like an inheritance of power - to certain people at certain times an essential luxury, carrying with it not a guarantee but a responsibility, not a security but an infinite risk. Its very momentum might drag him down to ruin - the passing of the emotional wave that made it possible might leave the one who made it high and dry forever on an island of despair...Sacrifice by its very nature was arrogant and impersonal; sacrifice should be eternally supercilious.
Mario Cuomo|For those aspiring to make a living from travel photography, it's a sad fact that the boring shots are the shots that are going to make you money.
Gail Carriger, Soulless|How ghastly for her, people actually thinking, with their brains, and right next door. Oh, the travesty of it all.
L.E. Modesitt Jr., Imager|Was it probably true that reasoning beings were equal? It seemed more like a belief than a fact, even if I agreed with it. If you followed logic all the way back to its origin, did you inevitably end up at point of illogic, an article of faith?
Keira D. Skye|After a few brief simple moments, he found her neck, kissing the nape as if it were a peach, grazing her skin barely, causing her to moan out a small tiny little whimper. Before she could take another rbreath, his lips met hers in rapture, and suddenly, she was lost within the tragic abyss of falling beneath a lovebinding spell.
Dan Krokos, The Planet Thieves|Whatever may happen, it must be of new hope or of new courage to me!
Tamara L. Chilver|Proverbs 16:3 "Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and He will establish your plans."A great reminder when planning out the school year.
Erin Kelly, The Burning Air|The key is to understand that our children don't belong to us—they belong to God. Our goal as parents must not be limited by our own vision. I am a finite, sinful, selfish man. Why would I want to plan out my children's future when I can entrust them to the infinite, omnipotent, immutable, sovereign Lord of the universe? I don't want to tell God what to do with my children—I want Him to tell me!
Becky Wade, True to You|So . . . I am the someone you were speaking of earlier?Yes. You're my someone.You're my someone, too.
Desiree M. Mondesir|There is no such thing as 'my truth,' 'your truth,' or 'our truth'; there is only the Truth. And Truth is a Person: His name is Jesus. And it is only He that can set us free.
Hank Bracker|Women are heavyweight boxers; only, they punch with words, not fists.
Colm Keaveney|I currently use Ubuntu Linux, on a standalone laptop - it has no Internet connection. I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics; but I trust my family jewels only to Linux.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|Booze really was medicinal, after a near-death experience. Holding a drink in both hands and letting it corrode the topmost layer of his mouth and throat, Laurence felt a spiritual relationship with Bushmills.
Sade Andria Zabala|And the next time I reach for my pen,it won’t be to write about you again.The sun will feel warm on my skin once more,and I will get drunk on the colors of the skyinstead of tasting hangovers dripping from strangers’ lips.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|We seek to uncoverbehind the events changes in the collective consciousness. We reject wholesale references to the “spontaneity” of the movement, references which in most casesexplain nothing and teach nobody. Revolutions take place according to certain laws. This does not mean that the masses in action are aware of the laws of revolution, but it does mean that the changes in mass consciousness are not accidental, but are subject to an objective necessity which is capable of theoretic explanation, and thus makes both prophecy and leadership possible.
R. N. Prasher|We have never understood how birds manage to fly,Nor who the genius is who makes up dreams,Now how heaven and earth can appear in a poem.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|It is the absence of hope, which equals the despair that is the punishment.
Victoria Hanley|One I love is taken from me, we will never walk together over the fields of earth, never hear the birds in the morning. Oh, how I have lived with you and loved you, and now you are gone away. Gone where I cannot follow, until I have finished all my days.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|The second cause whence these rebellions sometimes proceed is the devil, who, in order to disquiet and disturb the soul, at times when it is at prayer or is striving to pray, contrives to stir up these motions of impurity in its nature; and if the soul gives heed to any of these, they cause it great harm. For through fear of these not only do persons become lax in prayer—which is the aim of the devil when he begins to strive with them—but some give up prayer altogether, because they think that these things attack them more during that exercise than apart from it, which is true, since the devil attacks them then more than at other times, so that they may give up spiritual exercises.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Ideas are more difficult to kill than people, but they can be killed, in the end.
Karl Rahner|Observing and commenting, it is a piece of cake.Experiencing and sharing, that is a piece of work.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Seeing how frustrated the world is today, I have no doubt that we are just one step near to God. Because we are already at the point of "we can't win this battle without him
E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love|My mom raised me as if there were no limitations on where I could go or what I could do. When I look back I realize she raised me like a white kid - not white culturally, but in the sense of believing that the world was my oyster, that I should speak up for myself, that my ideas and thoughts and decisions mattered.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Blood trickled from the corner of her (Annabeth) mouth. She croaked, "Family, Luke. You promised."Luke stared at the knife in Annabeth's hand, the blood on her face. "Promise." Then he gasped like he couldn't get air. "Annabeth . . ." But it wasn't the Titan's voice. It was Luke's. He stumbled forward like he couldn't control his own body. "You're bleeding. . . ." He gasped again."He's changing. Help. He's . . . he's almost ready. He won't need my body anymore. Please—""The knife, Percy," Annabeth muttered. Her breath was shallow. "Hero . . . cursed blade . . ."Luke turned and collapsed, clutching his ruined hands."Please, Percy . . ."Luke seemed to know what I was thinking. He moistened his lips. "You can't . . . can't do it yourself. He'll break my control. He'll defend himself. Only my hand. I know where. I can . . . can keep him controlled."I raised the knife to strike. Then I looked at Annabeth, at Grover. And I finally understood what she'd been trying to tell me. You are not the hero, Rachel had said. It will affect what you do. The line from the great prophecy echoed in my head: A hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap. My whole world tipped upside down,and I gave the knife to Luke.I watched as Luke grasped the hilt he stabbed himself
Jean M. Auel, The Mammoth Hunters|Art was as much in the activity as in the results. Works of art were not just the finished product, but the thought, the action, the process that created them.
Muhammad Yunus|Film is a much lonelier process than theatre. You really don't have any rehearsal time in film. You don't shape it together... with theatre, there is a complete kind of family atmosphere. The sociable side of this business is the theatrical side, it really isn't the film side.
Idries Shah, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study|When the mind is full of established biases, it will not be able to graft Sufism on top of them.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|When you fall in love, the natural thing to do is give yourself to it. That's what I think. It's just a form of sincerity.
Susan Sontag|Mozart, Pascal, Boolean algebra, Shakespeare, parliamentary government, baroque churches, Newton, the emancipation of women, Kant, Balanchine ballets, et al. don’t redeem what this particular civilization has wrought upon the world. The white race is the cancer of human history.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|Neither inherently good nor evil, electronic communication platforms are 100 percent dependent on user input.
John Maeda|I have a secret thought from some things I have observed, that God may perhaps design you for some singular service in the world.
William S. Burroughs|Religion flourishes in greater purity, without than with the aid of Government.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|Also I could hear Amanda’s voice: Why are you being so weak? Love’s never a fair trade. So Jimmy’s tired of you, so what, there’s guys all over the place like germs, and you can pick them like flowers and toss them away when they’re wilted. But you have to act like you’re having a spectacular time and every day’s a party.
Robert M. Hutchins|The Internet has changed everything. We expect to know everything instantly. If you don't understand digital communication, you're at a disadvantage.
Debasish Mridha|If you don't have a plan, you will never find enough time to finish a task.
|Have faith in the manifestation of your positive desires; God is always at work, and will never seize to perform wonders in our lives.
William Feather|In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|God is always the first one there when we fall,but most of us don’t look up.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Sent|To quote a famous philosopher revered in my time 'But this is no different from regular life. When have you ever known what's going to happen in the future?'" Wait a minute, Jonah thought. I said that. Back at Westminster, with Katherine. Does that mean I'm going to be a famous philosopher in the future? Does that mean I'm going to be revered? There wasn't time to ask.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|And she kept following the truck, like we were a very small parade, waving and waving, until Frank took the curve in the road and then she was gone.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Not the kind of person, who believes that it is best to believe, that what happened, happened as it should happen when things don't come as expected.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|Teaching is no joke, sonny! ... Comforting truths, they call it! Truth is meant to save you first, and the comfort comes afterwards. Besides, you've no right to call that sort of thing comfort. Might as well talk about condolences! The Word of God is a red-hot iron. And you who preach it 'ud go picking it up with a pair of tongs, for fear of burning yourself, you daren't get hold of it with both hands. It's too funny! Why, the priest who descends from the pulpit of Truth, with a mouth like a hen's vent, a little hot but pleased with himself, he's not been preaching: at best he's been purring like a tabby-cat. Mind you that can happen to us all, we're all half asleep, it's the devil to wake us up, sometimes — the apostles slept all right at Gethsemane. Still, there's a difference... And mind you many a fellow who waves his arms and sweats like a furniture-remover isn't necessarily any more awakened than the rest. On the contrary. I simply mean that when the Lord has drawn from me some word for the good of souls, I know, because of the pain of it.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|I've always envied people who sleep easily. Their brains must be cleaner, the floorboards of the skull well swept, all the little monsters closed up in a steamer trunk at the foot of the bed.
Jamie Oliver|I want to safeguard the value of lunch. For me, it is sacred. My family and I always have lunch and dinner together. And we always sit down. Food does not taste the same if you are standing up!
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|How simple it could be! The answer to the problem of being anything was being it. How admirable Teddy was! From the ashes of his broken childhood he had formed a decision to be a cheerful person, a do-gooding scientific type with knowledge of English literature. That he had undercurrents of sadness as long and deep as a river was not the point. He had claimed a territory for himself and did not think too much about the complications.
Charles Williams, Shadows of Ecstasy|I generally give the title-page a fair chance," Roger said. "Once can't always judge books merely by the cover.
Debasish Mridha|Before you expect anything, try to give something.
Lola Stark, Tattered Love|I held a precious, beautiful butterfly in my hands but let it get away.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|The day I die, all that was once mine will be yours, Julián, he would say. Except my dreams.
Suraj Dahal|It knows you.Every soul is connected to it in the same way-nobody is closer farther.Doesn't matter what your beliefs were in that life or any of them.Only the soul can create distance between itself and what you call God...and almost every one of us does,at one time or another.Then we just have to learn how to bridge the distance and find our way home again.There are lots of different ways.
VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis|If you keep thinking "you" can change someone, you could end up marrying a job you're not qualified for.
Cheryl Hines|I get up in the morning, look around, arrange and rearrange things, and imagine how I might like them to look. Why doesn't everybody?
Virginia Woolf|self-awareness: the ability to realize what we are doing as we do it, and understand why we are doing it.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|By the end of the war, I could pick out Jewish people almost as if I had a sixth sense about it, even if they had blue eyes and blond hair. I would have been a very valuable Gestapo person.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|Dolphins and sharks are natural enemies. Dolphins are like, "Quit eating us," and sharks are like, "Stop smiling all the time, you morons.
Kid Rock|I have always admired women that have a strong sense of self, complemented by femininity. I especially appreciate the presence of these women in traditionally male-dominated industries, such as real estate.
Timothy J. Keller, Every Good Endeavor: Connecting Your Work to God's Plan for the World|Happiness is the good life that is marked by flourishing well-being, joy, prosperity, peace, satisfaction, and pleasure.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The People That Time Forgot|I am glad," he said, "that I do not dwell in your country among such savage peoples. Here, in Caspak, men fight with men when they meet - men of different races - but their weapons are first for the slaying of beasts in the chase and defense. We do not fashion weapons solely for the killing of man as do your peoples. Your country must indeed be a savage country, from which you are fortunate to have escaped to the peace and security of Caspak.
Gary Bridgman, Lonely Planet Louisiana & the Deep South|Mobile’s reputation as the birthplace of Mardi Gras in North America does not rest solely on the fact that a few half-starved French colonists observed the pre-Lenten feasts here 300 years ago… In 1852, a group of Mobile "Cowbellians" moved to New Orleans and formed the Krewe of Comus, which is now that larger city’s oldest and most secretive Carnival society.…All of Mobile’s parading societies throw Moon Pies along with beads and doubloons, providing sugary nourishment to the revelers lining the streets.The crowd is very regional, mostly coastal Alabamians. Everyone seems to know each other, and they are always honored and often extra hospitable when they learn that you traveled a long way just to visit *their* Carnival. Late into the evening, silk-gowned debutantes with their white-tie and tail clad escorts who’ve grown weary of their formal balls blend easily with the street crowds…
Nessie Strange, Living Dead Girl|I slept badly that night, my vivid dreams populated by ghosts. As much as it revived ailing spirits in day light, the fizzy energy of NY seemed to feed on human frailty at night.
Marieta Maglas, Near Kin: A Collection of Words and Art Inspired by Octavia Estelle Butler|Maybe to feel superior in struggle was sensed, When people were aware to fight for identity.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|Be a full person. Motherhood is a glorious gift, but do not define yourself solely by motherhood. Be a full person. Your child will benefit from that.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Hey, can I see that sword you were using?"I showed him Riptide, and explained how it turned from a pen into a sword just by uncapping it."Cool! Does it ever run out of ink?""Um, well, I don't actually write with it.""Are you really the son of Poseidon?""Well, yeah.""Can you surf really well, then?"I looked at Grover, who was trying hard not to laugh."Jeez, Nico," I said. "I've never really tried."He went on asking questions. Did I fight a lot with Thalia, since she was a daughter of Zeus? (I didn't answer that one.) If Annabeth's mother was Athena, the goddess of wisdom, then why didn't Annabeth know better than to fall off a cliff? (I tried not to strangle Nico for asking that one.) Was Annabeth my girlfriend? (At this point, I was ready to stick the kid in a meat-flavored sack and throw him to the wolves.)
Richard Due|If you want to see and feel magic first hand, read a book to your kid before bedtime. —Richard Due
Langston Hughes|Art is the window to man's soul. Without it, he would never be able to see beyond his immediate world; nor could the world see the man within.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|If a book is easy and fits nicely into all your language conventions and thought forms, then you probably will not grow much from reading it. It may be entertaining, but not enlarging to your understanding. It’s the hard books that count. Raking is easy, but all you get is leaves; digging is hard, but you might find diamonds.
Shilpa Menon|Calm is not a place where there is no noise or activity. It is the ability to be in the midst of these, yet experiencing peace within.
Helena Bonham Carter|If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself; all that runs over will be yours.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|A dominant impulse on encountering beauty is to wish to hold on to it, to possess it and give it weight in one’s life. There is an urge to say, ‘I was here, I saw this and it mattered to me.
Michka Assayas, Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas|Batterers aren't renowned for taking responsibility for their abusiveness, Sam. They tend to shed blame like a snake molts.
Karen Fowler, Memories For Sale|Coming home seemed to have started the healing process. No longer vivid and garish, the memories seemed to be covered in gossemer, fading behind a curtain of time and forgiveness.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|You need to train yourself to be comfortable with silence, particularly when dealing with cultures that respect silence more than we do in the West.
Sue Monk Kidd|...The world was really one bee yard, and the same rules work fine in both places. Don't be afraid, as no life-loving bee wants to sting you. Still, don't be an idiot; wear long sleeves and pants. Don't swat. Don't even think about swatting. If you feel angry, whistle. Anger agitates while whistling melts a bee's temper. Act like you know what you're doing, even if you don't. Above all, send the bees love. Every little thing wants to be loved.
Rumer Godden, Thus far and no further|If one sets aside timefor a business appointment, a trip to the hairdresser, a social engagement or a shopping expedition,that time is accepted as inviolable. But if one says: I cannot come because that is my hour to be alone,one is considered rude, egotistical or strange. What a commentary on our civilization, when beingalone is considered suspect; when one has to apologize for it, make excuses, hide the fact that onepractices it—like a secret vice!
Rupert Friend|As a Colombian, the only way I can relate to my country is through suffering. I hope that my children and my grandchildren will relate to the beautiful country in a way that it is positive and loving.
Vo Nguyen Giap|The American soldiers were brave, but courage is not enough. David did not kill Goliath just because he was brave. He looked up at Goliath and realized that if he fought Goliath’s way with a sword, Goliath would kill him. But if he picked up a rock and put it in his sling, he could hit Goliath in the head and knock Goliath down and kill him. David used his mind when he fought Goliath. So did we Vietnamese when we had to fight the Americans.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite my incessant desperation, I simply cannot paint the perfect picture within which I would wish to live out my life. And because I cannot, God picked up the brush of love, positioned the canvas of history and painted a manger.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|You can't make yourself feel positive, but you can choose how to act, and if you choose right, it builds your confidence.
Ursula K. Le Guin|A writer is a person who cares what words mean, what they say, how they say it. Writers know words are their way towards truth and freedom, and so they use them with care, with thought, with fear, with delight. By using words well they strengthen their souls. Story-tellers and poets spend their lives learning that skill and art of using words well. And their words make the souls of their readers stronger, brighter, deeper.
Alchemist|A man who knows what other men know,know nothing for they all know the same
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|A formal period in life where there isn’t the worry of another person’s dramas and insecurities can be of great advantage, especially when used for growing into the full and wholesome beings we intended to be when choosing to come to this material manifestation.“Even after ending a long relationship or a marriage, it seems normal to have some alone-time to reflect, meditate, explore areas of interest, find meaning in one’s suffering and try to placate the void felt in the heart before attempting to enter into new relationships, otherwise the same old mistakes will surely re-emerge.“Once we’re at the stage of life where we can stand our own silence, where we’ve made peace with our past, where we’ve accepted and grown from its lessons, and we would like to share our independence without becoming dependent on someone else for love and affection, then we can choose to commit to a two bodied intimate relationship.
Molly Friedenfeld|Oh don’t be such a fuss pot,” said the fairy, “or I’ll call you Fussy Pants, instead of Silly Pants!
Coco J. Ginger|7amThey said that I’d forget you,and I knew it wasn’t true.But sometimes I wake up now,and my heart’s no longer blue.I press the Keurig button,dancing across the room—Sometimes it’s nearly seven,before I’ve thought of you.And though we sleep together,all night side by side,one day I’ll have my coffeewithout you in my mind.
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|To say 'I want to have sex with this person' is to express a desire which is not intellectually directed in the way that 'I want to eradicate poverty in the world' is an intellectually directed desire. Furthernore, the gratification of sexual desire can only ever give temporary satisfaction. Thus as Nagarjuna, the great Indian scholar said: 'When you have an itch, you scratch. But not to itch at all is better than any amount of scratching.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Metaphysics... is nothing but the inventory of all we possess through pure reason, ordered systematically. Nothing here can escape us, because what reason brings forth entirely out of itself cannot be hidden, but is brought to light by reason itself as soon as reason's common principle has been discovered. The perfect unity of this kind of cognition, and the fact that it arises solely out of pure concepts without any influence that would extend or increase it from experience or even particular intuition, which would lead to a determinate experience, make this unconditioned completeness not only feasible but also necessary. Tecum habita, et noris quam sit tibi curta supellex. Dwell in your own house, and you will know how simple your possessions are. - Persius
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|The Constitution gives you the right, as a white man, to have a rifle in your home. The Constitution gives you the right to protect yourself. Why is it ‘ominous’ when black people even talk of having rifles? Why don’t we have the right to self-defense? Is it because maybe you know we’re going to have to defend ourselves against you?
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|As Kipling said, that’s another story...
Jacob Lund Fisker, Early Retirement Extreme: A Philosphical and Practical Guide to Financial Independence|For you, it’s all about money, money, money. But what about the forests I say? Some of those trees have been there for hundreds of years. What right have you to destroy that?
Melissa C. Water, Lady Injury|Her smile didn't mean her suffering was over, but when it appeared it was something beautiful to see; a rare flower.
Benjamin Disraeli|Because my business life is so busy, my home is really my sanctuary. That is where I reflect and spend quality time with my girls.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.
Richard P. Feynman|I'm on so late I'm definitely the last seconds of anyone's attention. So I just want to give them something dumb to laugh at, so they go, 'That's funny,' then fall asleep.
Reza Rusandi|It’s hurtful somehow to admit this thing and anyway that doesn’t mean i’m losing my faith in this beautiful world. But these days now is the time where people have become so much more-excuse me-shallow. When all of the fancy things and outer beauty are demanded, and those who are lost enough to chase and manage to get those things, they will happen to get very nice response from social and able to expand their images and get famous and be seen as someone who has value. Meanwhile those who could see deeper and their souls are insecure of this mad world, they will have smaller space in width but they will dig deeper and deeper into their self, making space in height, finding the true meaning of their souls, the true essential unshakable truth that’s beyond the fragile material worldly things.
Azereth Skivel|I have found so much beauty in the dark,as I have found a lot of horror in the light.
Charles Sanders Peirce, The Fixation of Belief|To satisfy our doubts . . . it is necessary that a method should be found by which our beliefs may be determined by nothing human, but by some external permanency -- by something upon which our thinking has no effect. . . . Our external permanency would not be external, in our sense, if it was restricted in its influence to one individual. It must be something which affects, or might affect, every man. And, though these affections are necessarily as various as are individual conditions, yet the method must be such that the ultimate conclusion of every man shall be the same. Such is the method of science. Its fundamental hypothesis, restated in more familiar language, is this: There are Real things, whose characters are entirely independent of our opinions about them; those Reals affect our senses according to regular laws, and, though our sensations are as different as are our relations to the objects, yet, by taking advantage of the laws of perception, we can ascertain by reasoning how things really and truly are; and any man, if he have sufficient experience and he reason enough about it, will be led to the one True conclusion. The new conception here involved is that of Reality.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Whatever happens in your life, no matter how troubling things might seem, do not enter the neighborhood of despair. Even when all doors remain closed, God will open up a new path only for you. Be thankful!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|...mirages are things that aren't really there that you can see very clearly.""How do you see something that isn't there?"..."sometimes it's much simpler than seeing things that are"...
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The risen Lord is the new Temple, the real meeting place between God and man.
Zelda Fitzgerald|And only weaklings...who lack courage and the power to feel they're right when the whole world says they're wrong, ever lose.
A. Petrov|Sometimes when a person does things to deliberately hurt you,All you need to do is shift atleast six steps back to observe the situation.If it is worth enduring, move two steps forward.If not, turn around and bless them with your back.
Edith Wharton, The Ghost Stories of Edith Wharton|People make a great deal of the flowers of spring and the leaves of autumn, but for me a night like this, with a clear moon shining on snow, is the best -- and there is not a trace of color in it. I cannot describe the effect it has on me, weird and unearthly somehow. I do not understand people who find a winter evening forbidding.
Alan M. Dershowitz|I asked Hillary why she had chosen Yale Law School over Harvard. She laughed and said, "Harvard didn't want me." I said I was sorry that Harvard turned her down. She replied, "No, I received letters of acceptance from both schools." She explained that a boyfriend had then invited her to the Harvard Law School Christmas Dance, at which several Harvard Law School professors were in attendance. She asked one for advice about which law school to attend. The professor looked at her and said, "We have about as many woen as we need here. You should go to Yale. The teaching there is more suited to women." I asked who the professor was, and she told me she couldn't remember his name but that she thought it started with a B. A few days later, we met the Clintons at a party. I came prepared with yearbook photos of all the professors from that year whose name began with B. She immediately identified the culprit. He was the same professor who had given my A student a D, because she didn't "think like a lawyer." It turned out, of course, that it was this professor -- and not the two (and no doubt more) brilliant women he was prejudiced against - who didn't think like a lawyer. Lawyers are supposed to act on the evidence, rather than on their prejudgments. The sexist professor ultimately became a judge on the International Court of Justice.I told Hillary that it was too bad I wasn't at that Christmas dance, because I would have urged her to come to Harvard. She laughed, turned to her husband, and said, "But then I wouldn't have met him... and he wouldn't have become President.
Natalie Massenet|Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Robin S. Sharma|If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.
Kiera Cass|I’m not sure if fate or destiny is real. But I can tell you that sometimes the very thing you’ve been hoping for will walk through the door, determined to fend you off. And still, somehow, you will find that you are enough.
Wordions|The first buyer of your Success has to be you.Once you are truly IN, You are sure to WIN
Sunday Adelaja|Once you get on the path leading to your success, the devil will try to stop you
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|All of the authoritative books on bears seem to agree on one thing: if you're close enough to a bear to cause it to change its activity pattern, you're too close, and in possible danger.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 6: 1955-1966|I lower my mouth to his and kiss him softly. He closes his eyes and begins to ease his head against the bed. "Keep them open," I whisper, pulling away from his lips. He opens them, regarding me with and intensity that penetrates straight to my core. "I want you to keep them open...because I need you to watch me give you the very last piece of my heart.
Shinji Moon|The truth is, until you know any different, the island is enough.Actually, I know different. And it's still enough.
Mia Kirshner, I Live Here|My mother used to say that rain here pours like a blessing, like a thick veil that parts to reveal the bride's face. But nearly every day, when this rain parted, it revealed a long line of soldiers, like you, like death, marching toward us, and we would scatter with a practiced silence and hide.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|Each memory was brought to life before me and within me. I could not avoid them. Neither could I rationalize, explain away. I could only re-experience with total cognizance, unprotected by pretense. Self delusion was impossible, truth exposed in this blinding light. Nothing as I thought it had been. Nothing as I hoped it had been. Only as it had been.
Auliq-Ice|Smiling has special powers that you can't believe it is capable of doing, like calming fears, insecurities, hurt and anxiety just like beauty around you.
Janet Autherine, Growing into Greatness with God: 7 Paths to Greatness for our Sons and Daughters|Greatness is finding your natural talent, fueling it with passion, planting it in well-nourished soil, and toiling in the garden until it breaks through the earth and reaches for the stars.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|Before we can bring happiness to others, we first must be happy ourselves; nor will happiness abide within us unless we confer it on others. If there be a smile upon our lips, those around us will soon smile too; and our happiness will become the truer and deeper as we see that these others are happy. "It is not seemly that I, who, willingly, have brought sorrow to none, should permit myself to be sad," said Marcus Aurelius, in one of his noblest passages.
Donna Lynn Hope|I have a deep appreciation for anything that challenges my morality. I tend to wonder which thing or person might overpower my beliefs and would I avoid it altogether in order to say, "It didn't conquer me," or would I accept the challenge head-on in an attempt to prevail? Which requires greater courage?
Gia Coppola|What is cool today is not going to be cool tomorrow, and what wasn't cool yesterday is going to be cool tomorrow.
French Montana|I had a big Akita, Yoshi, who was fabulous. I loved him. We lost him when he was 12, and I've never been able to replace him. Normally, most people lose a pet and get another and keep going on. But it just felt wrong to me; it felt disloyal.
Chip St. Clair, The Butterfly Garden: Surviving Childhood on the Run with One of America's Most Wanted|I often think of life as a great darkened room with a mammoth-sized tapestry fastened to a stone wall. I believe true peace can be achieved not in viewing the whole tapestry, but in accepting without bitterness those portions we have been afforded the luxury to see.
Jane Harrison|Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
Douglas Booth|I rarely felt or noticed any real divide between girls and boys when I was growing up. Maybe it was because I was so involved in sports and competed with the boys. Maybe it was my mom and dad, who constantly instilled confidence in me and never made me feel as though there were boy activities and girl activities.
Donald Miller|I think that's why so many couples fight, because they want their partners to validate them and affirm them, and if they don't get that, they feel as though they're going to die. And so they lash out. But it's a terrible thing to wake up and realize the person you just finished crucifying wasn't Jesus.
|Never trade your soul for money because you would never be able to trade that money to get your soul back. Money is good, but it's definitely not everything.
Minnie Estelle Miller|At a lunchtime reception for the diplomatic corps in Washington, given the day before the inauguration of Barack Obama as president, I was approached by a good-looking man who extended his hand. 'We once met many years ago,' he said. 'And you knew and befriended my father.' My mind emptied, as so often happens on such occasions. I had to inform him that he had the advantage of me. 'My name is Hector Timerman. I am the ambassador of Argen
Lust (DreadLock Monsta)|If you can believe in yourself, you can soar with great wings far beyond the sky.
Paige Harbison, New Girl|I was so incredibly nostalgic for a life I knew I'd never, ever have again.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|I couldn't help thinking that if I, by pure chance, had found a whole universe in a single unknown book, buried in that endless necropolis, tens of thousands more would remain unexplored, forgotten forever.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|Now I know it’s because somewhere in my mind, I still harboured hatred and fear for that man, so it was just easier to erect the brick wall and never look back.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Complete people gaze into the blue sky above, plunge into the center of the earth below, and run freely in the eight directions without even a change of mood.
|Keep pushing with faith, hope and courage, for there is a very valuable prize waiting for you at the end of your struggle.
Laurence J. Peter|If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Each man lives for himself, uses his freedom to achieve his personal goals, and feels with his whole being that right now he can or cannot do such-and-such an action; but as soon as he does it, this action, committed at a certain moment in time, becomes irreversible, and makes itself the property of history, in which is has not a free but a predestined significance. 
Andrea Randall|For a hero is someone who is selfless. Think about it, friends. Superman, Luke Skywalker, and Captain America. They are helping others. They aren’t only thinking for themselves. They are reaching out beyond themselves.
Charlotte Eriksson|So I was a stone in the sea. Gravity gave up on keeping me above the surface. I did not try to swim and so I sank to the bottom with no will to turn back. ”I’m tired,” I told him. ”I’m done”.But he wouldn’t let me and he held me up even on his hardest days and he was a lighthouse when all I saw was darkness.
Mem Fox, Radical Reflections: Passionate Opinions on Teaching, Learning, and Living|As adults we choose our own reading material. Depending on our moods and needs we might read the newspaper, a blockbuster novel, an academic article, a women's magazine, a comic, a children's book, or the latest book that just about everyone is reading. No one chastises us for our choice. No one says, 'That's too short for you to read.' No one says, 'That's too easy for you, put it back.' No one says 'You couldn't read that if you tried -- it's much too difficult.'Yet if we take a peek into classrooms, libraries, and bookshops we will notice that children's choices are often mocked, censured, and denied as valid by idiotic, interfering teachers, librarians, and parents. Choice is a personal matter that changes with experience, changes with mood, and changes with need. We should let it be.
Patti Digh, Creative Is a Verb: If You're Alive, You're Creative|If you're alive, you're creative.
Natalie Ansard, The Lover from Fifth Avenue|Gil sat baking in the sun for at least 45 minutes before one of the tour guides noticed him looking listless and leaning to his left side. As she approached him, she noticed that he had a stupid grin on his face.“Are you all right, Mr. Cohen?” she asked as she tried to slowly help him to his feet.His shirt was drenched with sweat and his skin was mostly clammy, signally that he was suffering from the middle stages of heat stroke.“It’s not so bad?” he muttered as he struggled to stand straight up. “What not so bad, Mr. Cohen?” one of the tour guides asked.“Death,” Gil stated in a glazed response.The guide looked at the heat-stricken man who appeared to have amoment of clarity amidst all of the sweat and dehydration. “Why is death not so bad?” she pressed on. Gil took a big swig of Gatorade and replied, “Because life wasn’t so great.
George Herbert, The Temple: The Poetry of George Herbert|I will complain, yet praise;I will bewail, approve:And all my sowre-sweet dayesI will lament, and love.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|...they say if you don't vote, you get the government you deserve, and if you do, you never get the results you expected.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|How good would a Good Samaritan be, if a Good Samaritan would only intend to do good?
E.M. Forster, Maurice|The Sage was asked to define good manners? to which he replied, To bear patiently the rude ones.
Dennis Farina|Americans have always been excellent at making romantic comedies - but dramatically, we don't really try to do it.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Harlequin|The rule is that if they have a weapon and want to take you someplace else, it is so they can kill you slower--Peter
Jack Nicholson|Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.
Thomas J. Watson|You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down.
Lori Reed|Inside the front flap of the book were handwritten names of the dozen or so people who had checked the book out before Naomi. Instead of writing her name, Naomi had a thin paper receipt with the due date printed on it. She could never possess this book the way those other people had. It was one of those uselessly nostalgic and sentimental thoughts that serve only our own romantic ideals, but I couldn't help believing it was true nonetheless. I took a pencil out from behind the register and handed it to her.
Cuthbert Soup, A Whole Nother Story|What's a wingding? Why, a wingding is, uh...it's just like a shindig but without all the hullabaloo.
Jason Micheal Ratliff|The Universe mirrors you. It mirrors your thoughts, both conscious and subconscious. It mirrors your actions and reactions.
Preeth Nambiar|Give me all your pain, I will give you all my love!
Audrey Hepburn|And...I think that's what life is all about, actually,about children and flowers.
Orison Swett Marden|When you accept that failure is a good thing, it can actually be a huge propeller toward success.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And in myself, too, many things have perished which, I imagined, would last for ever, and new structures have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are difficult of comprehension.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|Guilt is a useless feeling. It's never enough to make you change direction- only enough to paralyze you and make you... well, useless.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|I became a physicist to understand the world, then I became a writer to try and change it.
David Suzuki|If our system continues without modification involving environmental and social concern, we will face an economic and social breakdown of our outdated monetary and political system.
Rachitha Cabral|NEVER EVER STAY IN AN ABUSIVE RELATIONSHIP FOR THE SAKE OF YOUR CHILDREN. That is the worst thing one can ever do. It is better for a child to live with one Good Parent than two frustrated,screwed up ones.
Katlego Semusa|On SUCCESS: "Life Rewards the DO-ers and WOW-makers." (TM)
Rebecah McManus, Colliding Worlds|But I’ve learned that sometimes, somehow, no matter how much time we spend apart from the ones we care most about, our love for them never fades, for time apart only makes our love grow stronger.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|In a world gushing blood day and night, you never stop mopping up pain.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If education were the same as information, the encyclopedias would be the greatest sages in the world.
L.M. Montgomery, Rainbow Valley|The stony silence of death, trapped by the original gravity of our sins,and the perpetuity of a long, leisurely yawn, a world where blood and bone no longer matter.
Ludwig von Mises, Liberty And Property|The government never minds having more power, and is always prepared to paper over the problems it creates. An economy not bludgeoned by powerful elites is the ideal we should seek, even if it has a name that is wildly unpopular: capitalism
Ralph Fiennes|If my films don't show a profit, I know I'm doing something right.
Steven Erikson, Fall of Light|The nature of conspiracy, which among those who both feared and named it, seemed to always possess at its core a misguided belief in the competence of others, as weighed against the incapacities, real or imagined, of the believer. Therefore, he concluded, the belief in conspiracy was an announcement of the believer's own sense of utter helplessness in the face of forces both mysterious and fatally efficient.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Ye mustn't be afraid to ask for help. Pride is a good thing, my girl, but it will kill you in time.
Steve Buyer|Understand that legal and illegal are political, and often arbitrary, categorizations; use and abuse are medical, or clinical, distinctions.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|My father managed to change his entire life after I wrote a novel about his brutal regime as a family man. It took resoluteness and courage for my father to change, and I need to acknowledge that.
Ellen Schreiber, Vampireville|Do you know where Jason is?” she asked Dmitri when they exited the morgue. Dmitri pressed the car remote to unlock the flame red Ferrari parked in the employees-only lot. “Tired of your Bluebell already?” A tendril of champagne circled around her senses, cut with something far harder. Never had she felt that harsh edge in Dmitri’s scent. She pitied the woman he took to his bed today.“Yeah, that’s it. I’m building a harem.
Tyson Chandler|Increasingly, staying in the middle class - let alone aspiring to become middle class - is becoming a game of chance.
Susann Cokal, The Kingdom of Little Wounds|Fate refuses to stop at the pretty part of the tale; Fate insists on more tests of courage and wit, a terrible end, even if the heroine's heart be pure and her crime accidental.
Emily Matchar, Homeward Bound: Why Women are Embracing the New Domesticity|The problem is that the media rarely discusses the real reasons behind why women leave their jobs. We hear a lot about the desire to be closer to the children, the love of crafting and gardening, and making food from scratch. But reasons like lack of maternity leave, lack of affordable day care, lack of job training, and unhappiness with the 24/7 work culture-well, those aren't getting very much airtime.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|You were the missing piece of my soul, the breath in my lungs, and the blood in my veins.
Joseph Alleine, An Alarm to the Unconverted|Now the soul says, ‘Lord, where shall I go? You have the words of eternal life.’ [John 6: 68] Here he centers, here he settles. It is the entrance of heaven to him; he sees his interest in God.
Adam Ant|I love planting. I love digging holes, putting plants in, tapping them in. And I love weeding, but I don't like tidying up the garden afterwards.
W. Somerset Maugham|I've been quite happy. Look, here are my proofs. Remember that I am indifferent to discomforts which would harass other folk. What do the circumstances of life matter if your dreams make you lord paramount of time and space?
Samuel Butler, Erewhon|They were the men and the women of the sand, of the wind, of the light, of the night. They appeared as in a dream, at the crest of a dune, as if they were born of the cloudless sky.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in your sacred self, you can build a strong tower.
Rick Cormier, MiXED NUTS or What I've Learned Practicing Psychotherapy|There is an unspoken agreement in every successful relationship: "I'm not perfect and you're not perfect. I can ignore your imperfections if you can ignore mine. I choose to spend my life in your company.
Hermann Hesse, Knulp|I had nothing to contribute. I played no part. I was on the edge.Different.Alone.Everything around me, grey.It was the same old feeling, back again.I was in the middle of the group but I might as well have been a million miles away from these people.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|One problem with being a leader, is that even among your friends you are alone, for it is you -- and you alone -- to whom the others look for final guidance.
Collier Lumpkin, Love, to Taste|I can't give you the moon,” the tinker said. “She doesn't belong to me. She belongs only to herself.
Kathy Hatfield, Secret Storms: A Mother and Daughter, Lost then Found|And then I tasted a sharp acid rising in my stomach. It is an acquired taste, the essence of fear.
H.M. Ward, The Arrangement 14: The Ferro Family|He stumbled out of his phlegmatic apathy,when she entered his life like an epiphany.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|When life gives you a passport dream, order for a reprint. Try again till you have the bigger image. Be passionate you become the real you!
Debasish Mridha|Love could be passionate, compassionate, and kind. Love could be physical, spiritual, or eternal.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Actions speak louder than words, in fact. When we don't take action, we foster the mistaken reality of our old identity.
Gail Carriger, Changeless|I like fish," chirruped Tunstell."Really, Mr. Tunstell? What is your preferred breed?""Well"--Tunstell hesitated--"you know, the um, ones that"--he made a swooping motion with both hands--"uh, swim.
Graham Hancock|Human history has become too much a matter of dogma taught by 'professionals' in ivory towers as though it's all fact. Actually, much of human history is up for grabs. The further back you go, the more that the history that's taught in the schools and universities begins to look like some kind of faerie story.
Adeline Yen Mah, Falling Leaves: The Memoir of an Unwanted Chinese Daughter|No matter what else people may steal from you, they will never be able to take away your knowledge.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|It's worked! Our marriage has outlasted all of the world leaders, except for Castro. And if we keep talking, arguing, making love and dancing to the Ramones- it'll probably keep working.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|With your breath, issue words of a new contract. Become the law creator of a new prosperity.
G. W. Bailey|I go to movies, go out with friends, go to car shows. I have a zoo.
R.D. Laing|She had always lived her best life in dreams. She knew no greater pleasure than that moment of passage into the other place, when her limbs grew warm and heavy and the sparkling darkness behind her lids became ordered and doors opened; when conscious thought grew owl's wings and talons and became other than conscious.
Juliet Marillier, Heir to Sevenwaters|The buzzing was like the eager purr of a muscle car that had just been started, but left in neutral. That was another of Cody’s metaphors for it; I’d said the sensation felt like an unbalanced washing machine filled with a hundred epileptic chimpanzees. Pretty proud of that one.
Ed Kovacs, Good Junk|Calmly, deliberately, he moved his hands down to her breasts and molded his fingers over them. Jay inhaled sharply, and he said, "Easy, easy," as he stroked the soft mounds.	"Steve, no." But her eyes were closing as warm pleasure built in her, her blood beating slowly and powerfully through her veins. His thumbs rubbed over her nipples and she quivered, her breasts beginning to tighten.	"You're so soft." His voice roughened even more. "God, how I've wanted to touch you. Come here, sweetheart.
Hermann Hesse, Wer lieben kann, ist glücklich. Über die Liebe|You know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a single power, a single salvation...and that is called loving. Well, then, love your suffering. Do not resist it, do not flee from it. It is your aversion that hurts, nothing else.
Carlos Castañeda, The Active Side of Infinity|Forget the self and you will fear nothing, in whatever level or awareness you find yourself to be.
Lionel Fisher|If you look at your average contemporary person, the potential for tragedy is immense. The people and things we love and value are strewn across the globe. Any number of health disasters can befall you or them.The truth is depressing. We are going to die, most likely after illness; all our friends will likewise die; we are tiny insignificant dots on a tiny planet. Perhaps with the advent of broad intelligence and foresight comes the need for confabulation and self-deception to keep depression and its consequent lethargy at bay. There needs to be a basic denial of our finitude and insignificance in the larger scene. It takes a certain amount of chutzpah just to get out of bed in the morning.
John Mark Green|As you remove toxic people from your life, you free up space and emotional energy for positive, healthy relationships.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|Take all those things that would propose to be important, and weigh them upon the scale of your soul. Asking how much each thing actually impacts, not just the moment, but the years ahead. Discard all that is trivial masquerading as significant, and reserve your days for those things that truly matter.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|When you find yourself internally, you find what nourishes you from within. You lose that entitlement and anger when YOU deliver.
Zadie Smith, NW|I don’t want your babies, Felix. I can assure you I’m not sitting up here like some tragic fallen woman every night dreaming of having your babies.” She began tracing a figure of eight with her fingernail along his stomach. The movement looked idle but the nail pressed in hard. “You realize of course that if it were the other way round there would be a law, there would be an actual law: John versus Jen in the high court. And John would put it to Jen that she did wilfully fuck him for five years, before dumping him without warning in the twilight of his procreative window, and taking up with young Jack-the-lad, only twenty-four years old and with a cock as long as my arm. The court rules in favor of John. Every time. Jen must pay damages. Huge sums. Plus six months in jail. No—nine. Poetic justice.
Andy Paula|Don't give any chance tosomeone to stole ur aim,collect ur full potential to get itand prove that ur achiever.......
James Stephens, Irish Fairy Tales|Let the past be content with itself, for man needs forgetfulness as well as memory
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|It would be mortifying to the feelings of many ladies, could they be made to understand how little the heart of a man is affected by what is costly or new in their attire... Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.
George Pólya|The very best thing you can be in life is a teacher, provided you are crazy in love with what you teach, and that your classes consist of eighteen students or fewer. Classes of eighteen students or fewer are a family, and feel and act like one.
Debasish Mridha|When pain is intense, you are at a climax. You can then see the light of transcendence.
Stephen King|Nowadays 'invisibility' was supposed to be the big problem, but the way I saw it was, all that mattered was to be visible to yourself.
Scott Sauls, Jesus Outside the Lines: A Way Forward for Those Who Are Tired of Taking Sides|it is in seeing and owning that we are crazy and damaged, it is in crying “uncle” to our failed self-reformation projects, it is in recognizing that we are most certainly “so unlike our Christ”—that Christ begins to change us. It is when we become tired of ourselves, weary of our own failed efforts, that Jesus meets us with hope.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Work hard at keeping in tune with the way your children think. Your efforts may not always bring the desired result, but we must do our part. Keep close contact with them. Teach them with regularity, both by word and by deed. Love them and let them know you care for them because of who they are and not for anything else. Answer their questions with candor and thoughtfulness. Do not ignore their struggles. Deal with their difficulties, and spare them a cynical attitude. Stay tuned in to their struggles. Most of us learn the hard way that our children were in a very different world in their own thoughts than we realized.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|Give a truly good person power, and they’re still a good person. Give a bad person power, and they’re still a bad person. The question is always about the person in between. The one that isn’t evil, or good, but just ordinary. You don’t always know what an ordinary person is like on the inside.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how deep the whale swims, it will always surface.
Dian Fossey, Gorillas in the Mist|There are times when one cannot accept facts for fear of shattering one's being. As I listened to Ian's news, all of Digit's life, since my first meeting with him as a playful little ball of black fluff ten years earlier, passed through my mind. From that moment on, I came to live within an insulated part of myself.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Yes! If you really love your beautiful garden of dreams, you will never allow any hungry beast to have its way in. Keep dream killers away!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Undoubtedly, our weariness is not based on the fact that we’re running. Rather, our weariness is all too frequently based on the fact that many of the things that we’re running from are the very things we should be running to.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you find a need, reach out to help.
A.G. Howard, Splintered|We're both so into it, neither of us hears the footsteps until a snarl breaks us apart. We turn to find Morpheus standing there with enough rage in his black eyes to send the Devil packing for heaven.Jeb tugs his fingers from the rings in my belt but keeps a hand at my lower back. I touch my lips; they're throbbing and gluttonous, hungry for
G.G. Silverman, Vegan Teenage Zombie Huntress|CASSIO: Dost thou hear, my honest friend?CLOWN: No, I hear not your honest friend, I hear you.CASSIO: Prithee, keep up thy quillets.
Adalbert de Vogüé, Aimer Le Jeune: L'Experience Monastique|When a person eats shortly before going to bed, digestion accompanies sleep. The two great physiological functions are completed together, leaving the maximum of freedom to the mind during the day.
Ada Yonath|When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein, or The Modern Prometheus: Classic Annotated and Illustrated 1818 'Uncensored' Edition|The course of the Rhine below Mainz becomes much more picturesque. The river descends rapidly and winds between hills, not high, but steep, and of beautiful forms. We saw many ruined castles standing on the edges of precipices, surrounded by black woods, high and inaccessible. This part of the Rhine, indeed, presents a singularly variegated landscape. In one spot you view rugged hills, ruined castles overlooking tremendous precipices, with the dark Rhine rushing beneath; and on the sudden turn of a promontory, flourishing vineyards with green sloping banks and a meandering river and populous towns occupy the scene.
George Herbert, The Temple: The Poetry of George Herbert|For more than three decades, coffee has captured my imagination because it is a beverage about individuals as well as community. A Rwandan farmer. Eighty roast masters at six Starbucks plants on two continents. Thousands of baristas in 54 countries. Like a symphony, coffee's power rests in the hands of a few individuals who orchestrate its appeal. So much can go wrong during the journey from soil to cup that when everything goes right, it is nothing short of brilliant! After all, coffee doesn't lie. It can't. Every sip is proof of the artistry -- technical as well as human -- that went into its creation.
Abraham Verghese|The thing that most attracts me to historical fiction is taking the factual record as far as it is known, using that as scaffolding, and then letting imagination build the structure that fills in those things we can never find out for sure.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|I may love him with everything in my being, all my thoughts and feelings might be bent towards him - every single one wishing for his joy, every single one praying for his safety, every single one desirous of his success - and I still would not marry him! - Jo to Aunt March
D.R. Silva|How can a God who said, “Love your enemies” spend so much time killing His own?
Paige McKenzie, The Haunting of Sunshine Girl|Still, it’s really frustrating me that there doesn’t seem to be anything in my closet that’s appropriate to wear to an exorcism.
Robert Bruce Stewart, The Birth of M.E. Meegs|I was greeted by the Ulmers’ eleven-year-old daughter, a girl of remarkable poise. Mrs. Ulmer was busily typing a manuscript that needed to make the evening mail and after welcoming me, in a very friendly manner, she returned to work. There were two other children and Mr. Ulmer, who was writing the manuscript just as his wife was typing it. The youngest child, who could have been no more than five or six, had the task of relaying the handwritten pages from his father to his eldest sister, who would quickly scan them for errors, and from her to his mother. The middle child, a little girl of seven or eight, lay on the floor with a large dictionary and would look up words when called upon by her parents or sister.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|i am not an angel ,and i don't want to be an angel.I Born as a Human and and my Biggest Task to keep my self Just a Human.
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|People make their own reality. That was what Praxis had taught him years ago. A hundred people can witness the exact same event, and give two hundred and three different accountings of it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we come to Christ, God calls us out of this world’s sin and confusion. But then He sends us back into the world—not to share any longer in its sin and spiritual darkness, but to bear witness to the light of Christ.
Steven Wright|I truly believe that God has given us few brain cells, and you have to direct them to the right things that make you happy.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|When you focus on the positive, the blessings and the humor and just do your thing and you stop worrying SO much about what every one else is thinking and doing and STOP taking life way too seriously... Awesomeness happens!
Mirabai Starr, The Showings of Julian of Norwich: A New Translation|Your God would never punish you for being a human being: this life itself is your penance...But it is also more than that: it is a crucible for transformation. Each trial, every loss, is an opportunity for you to meet suffering with love and make of it an offering, a prayer. The minute you lift your pain like a candle the darkness vanishes, and mercy comes rushing in to heal you.
Mitt Romney|If you ask the government to solve all of your problems, it's a bit like asking your wife to cook and clean, to raise the children, to hold down a second job to help with the family finances, to keep her parents happy and well and keep your parents happy and well, and to also - to do the lawn and clean the gutters.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Author:A common gadabout who freely wanders over the landscape, picking up free words and squirreling them away for later use. Subsequently, (days, months or years later)working by candlelight and hidden away in his dank, musty secluded lair, the rogue simply rearranges the collected words on yellowed bond with a sharpened quill ink pen fashioned from the tail feather of a bald-headed vulture.Once finished, the dastardly cur audaciously attempts to sell those assembled pages for fleeting fame and profit.
Robert Skidelsky, Keynes: The Return of the Master|Why should a financial engineer be paid four, four times... to a hundred times more than the, uh... real engineer?A real engineer build bridges, a financial engineer build, build dreams.And when those dream turn out to be nightmares, other people pay for it.
Elizabeth Peters, The Last Camel Died at Noon|I have never been able to understand how men can feel affection for individuals who are intent on massacring them in a variety of unpleasant ways, but it is an undeniable fact that they can and do. Witness the immortal verse of Mr. Kipling: "So 'ere's to you, Fuzzy-Wuzzy, at your 'home in the Soudan; You're a pore benighted 'eathen but a first-class fightin' man!" One can only accept this as another example of the peculiar emotional aberrations of the male sex.
N. Eldon Tanner|Wouldn’t this old world be better If the folks we meet would say: ‘I know something good about you,’ And then treat us that way?
D.R. Silva, It's All About Jesus: What They Never Told You in Church|If every Christian family in the United States would simply commit to pray and ask God if HE wants to use them to bless a child without a family, well, we'd change the world. If we can get the church to think about adoption not in terms of the desires of adults but in terms of the needs of children, I think we'd see on a much grander scale how God sets the lonely in families.
C.G. Jung|Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol, morphine or idealism.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|The poor wretch, she had given up so much and could yet smile at her trouble. He himself had never surrendered to anything in life - that was what life demanded of you - surrender. For reward it gave you love, this swarthy, skin-deep love that exacted remorseless penalties.
Rob Pinell|When we look into the eyes of others with compassion, our personal biases suddenly begin to fade away. Then, we can see others for what they truly are, Human.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|If someone is trying to share a laugh and you personally do not find it funny, then just move on and leave it alone. Do not steal someone else’s humor.
Nikki Rowe|Masters of flight don't learn to fly because of all that helped them, they learnt to fly, despite all that tried to stop them.
Albert Einstein|Authority allows two roles: the torturer and the tortured. Twists people into joyless mannequins that fear and hate, while culture plunges into the abyss.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|A clone may be a good copy, but you are the real thing!
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Friendship" The only ship that can weather any storm.
Russell Baker|A railroad station? That was sort of a primitive airport, only you didn't have to take a cab 20 miles out of town to reach it.
John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat|A dying organism is often observed to be capable of extraordinary endurance and strength. ... When any living organism is attacked, its whole function seems to aim toward reproduction.
Alfa H|There is lonely, and there is alone time. I have found that both have etched character upon my soul.
J.M.  Richards|ESPN, is having the ability to foretell future outcomes in sports.
Brian South, The Zombie Sheriff Takes Tucson: A Love Story|When asked what profession they like least, most people will give the obvious answer: clowns.
Aristotle|A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Mary Doria Russell, Children of God|I don't speak, I operate a machine called language. It creaks and groans, but is mine own.
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|You never hear widows voice the sentiment, but I could stave off companionship indefinitely. Sex, not so much.
Jeffrey Fry|Shine brightly, so you can help those who have not found their path a way through the darkness.
Francois Nars|No state can match the beauty of the Chesapeake Bay, our beaches and farms, or the mountains of Western Maryland, the Port of Baltimore, or the historic charm of every corner of our state.
Jackie Robinson|The things I do, I do from the heart and out of love and respect for our planet and all living things. And I draw my courage from my love for justice and truth, and I calm my fears by comforting those who are more scared than me. And I try to do my best to make the world a better place, one small action at a time, as good as I can.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan’s first appearance in the Bible included an attack on a marriage—trying to divide Adam and Eve. His tactics have not changed. He wants our marriages to flounder and fail, because he knows that few things will discourage us more.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|There are, in fact,a cognitive itchand a divination using the human formwhile being alive,when life is not alive in its own senseexcept for the eternity.
John le Carre|I am concerned that the vague guidelines and policies used by the NSA for intelligence collection and sharing, in conjunction with elusive direction from the Administration, have led to intelligence being collected on sitting members of Congress for political purposes.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Far too much horrific wast of human capacity is disguised as order, predictability, and minimizing uncertainty.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The South-wind bringsLife, sunshine and desire,And on every mount and meadowBreathes aromatic fire;But over the dead he has no power,The lost, the lost, he cannot restore;And, looking over the hills, I mournThe darling who shall not return.
Diane von Furstenberg|The most amazing lesson in aerodynamics I ever had was the day I climbed a thermal in a glider at the same time as an eagle. I witnessed, close up, effortlessness and lightness combined with strength, precision and determination.
Seth Czerepak|You know, in some cultures, when you save someone's life, you're then responsible for it."Allison thought about telling him she'd seen the same movie and was pretty sure the claim was bogus. Instead, she offered her own bit of nonsense. "In some cultures, saving a life is considered an interference with fate and is punishable by death.
Helen Keller|Our democracy is but a name. We vote? What does that mean? It means we choose between two bodies of real, though not avowed, autocrats. We choose between Tweedledum and Tweedledee...
Arnold Schwarzenegger|I was also going to give a graduation speech in Arizona this weekend. But with my accent, I was afraid they would try to deport me.
Elana K. Arnold|As long as there have been women." Mom told me, "there have been ways to punish them for being women.
Greg Foster|Frasier (Responding to the suggestion that he undertake the difficult work of closure in a relationship): "What you just said about my success made a lot of sense. I tuned you out after that.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|I was never able to conquer the distance between persons. An animal is fixed to its here-and-now by the senses, but man manages to detach himself, to remember, to sympathize with others, to visualize their states of mind and feelings: this, fortunately, is not true. In such attempts at pseudo merging and transferral we are only able, imperfectly, darkly, to visualize ourselves. What would happen to us if we could truly sympathize with others, feel with them, suffer for them? The fact that human anguish, fear, and suffering melt away with the death of the individual, that nothing remains of the ascents, the declines, the orgasms, and the agonies, is a praiseworthy gift of evolution, which made us like the animals. If from every unfortunate, from every victim, there remained even a single atom of his feelings, if thus grew the inheritance ofthe generations, if even a spark could pass from man to man, the world would be full of raw, bowel-torn howling.We are like snails, each stuck to his own leaf.
Suzy  Davies|Dreams, kindled in the fire of imagination,ignite in the brilliance of our minds,and are wrought in the work of our hands" -
Allie Burke, Emerald Destiny|I already live like you," Evan lifted his head and looked straight into Christian's eyes. "I'm living like you right now, without her. If she leaves me when I ask her to marry me, or at the altar, or tomorrow, I could still say I tried. I could still say I loved her, that I kissed her, I held her." Evan inhaled a deep breath, his chest swelling with the intensity of it. "Without her, I'll just rot into nothing.
Woody Harrelson|Freedom is control in your own life. I have more control now than in the past, and I'm learning the value of saying no. That's very important.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|Indeed, compulsive and rigid moralism arises in given persons precisely as the result of a lack of sense of being. Rigid moralism is a compensatory mechanism by which the individual persuades himself to take over the external sanctions because he has no fundamental assurance that his own choices have any sanction of their own
Jeanne DuPrau, The People of Sparks|Now Doon seemed to care for his new friends more than he did for her. Every time she thought about him she felt a thud of pain, like a bruised place inside her.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|I feel I need a holiday, a very long holiday, as I have told you before. Probably a permanent holiday: I don't expect I shall return. in fact, I don't mean to, and I have made all arrangements....I feel all thin, sort of stretched, if you know what I mean: like butter that has been scraped over too much bread. That can't be right. I need a change, or something.'Bilbo
Farrah Naseem|Signý knew she would die a thousand deaths upon seeing another woman with him, bearing his children, raising them with him. All the while, Signý, caged in his dungeons, hearing all the painful details of his life with someone else, drowning in her own despair, her love for him turning to hatred. A more tragic life, she could not imagine.
Drew  Hayes, Forging Hephaestus|Like watches over like, as the saying goes.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|I believe...that to be very poor and very beautiful is most probably a moral failure more than an artistic success. Shakespeare would have done well in any generation because he would have refused to die in a corner; he would have taken the false gods and made them over; he would have taken the current formulae and forced them into something lesser men thought them incapable of. Alive today he would undoubtedly have written and directed motion pictures, plays, and God knows what. Instead of saying, "This medium is not good," he would have used it and made it good. If some people called some his work cheap (which some of it was), he wouldn't have cared a rap, because he would know that without some vulgarity there is no complete man. He would have hated refinement, as such, because it is always a withdrawal, and he was too tough to shrink from anything.
Elle James, Justice Burning|Nash." Lola nodded toward the disappearing SUV. "Deputy Grayson." She grinned. "His first name is Nash. He's one of the four Grayson brothers. Every last one of them is tall, dark and so handsome they'll make your panties damp.
Emma Goldman, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Nonbeliever|Human vanity is so constituted that it stiffens before difficulties. The more an object conceals itself from our eyes, the greater the effort we make to seize it, because it pricks our pride, it excites our curiosity and it appears interesting. In fighting for his God everyone, in fact, fights only for the interest of his own vanity, which, of all the passions produced bye the mal-organization of society, is the quickest to take offense, and the most capable of committing the greatest follies.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|I clenched my fist around the railing, finally forcing myself to acknowledge what that meant. I'd always known, of course. It was always there, at the back of my mind; I just didn't want to think about it. But if Ember was the sleeper...I would have to kill her.
Obehi Peter Ewanfoh, Still Owing Me Goodbye|The feast was seen everywhere and in everything. Some women in semi-dresses were busy doing many things at once. Domestic animals were crying their last, with knives on their throats. They too were celebrating the feast in their own ways.Pg.93
Cristin Harber, Only for Her|I close my eyes and think about the only thing that makes life worth the trials: Emma Kingsley, her sweet smile, and the laugh that make me believe in a future.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Salvation not shared, is salvation wasted.
Taylor Swift|I am not immune to the lure of a signed record, flier or set list. The fact that your music heroes potentially had, in their own hands, the record you now have in yours is kind of cool. When the musician has departed, it can give the thing a unique power.
Vladimir Bukovsky|A rock is harder than a feather, you can talk and jabber and make exceptions, but in the end, if you have to choose which one is gonna hit you on the head, you'll choose the feather every single time.
Salman Rushdie|Each one of us is left to choose our own quality of life and take pleasure where we find it with the understanding that, like Mom used to say, sooner or later something's gonna get you.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Have you ever lost someone close to you? Someone who is at the core of your universe, the hero of all your stories...when that happens, it isn’t just the loss of one life, it’s the loss of two lives - one who found another world, perhaps...and one who is left behind.
Sebastian de Assis, The Alchemy of Time|One of the primary purposes of suffering is not to weaken the heart of the feeble, but to strengthen the spirit of the brave.
Codi Gary, Good Girls Don't Date Rock Stars|Tell me you're bare underneath the dress."	She gulped. "I'm bare underneath this dress."	Gently dropping her arms back to her sides, he slid his finger down the center of her chest. Tingles shot out from the tips of her breasts and gathered at the base of her spine, between her legs. "Tell me you want me as much as I want you," he said, his voice husky.Never had she imagined doing something as reckless as sleeping with a guy for one night. But this wasn't any guy. And it wasn't just about her getting off--God, how she needed to do that. It was about closure. Saying goodbye on her terms. It might be a bad idea, but it was the best bad idea she'd ever had.	She dropped the panties and put her hands on his chest.	"I want you.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Sometimes people don’t understandthe promises they’re making when they make them,” I said.Isaac shot me a look. “Right, of course.But you keep the promise anyway. That’swhat love is. Love is keeping the promise anyway. Don’t you believe in true love?
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.
M. Ganesh Sai|Never waste time for someone who doesn’t bother to spend time with you, but with someone who will say, time is wasted if I’m not with you.
Nancy E. Turner, Sarah's Quilt|At times, it's better to think of exactly what is happening right in front of you every second, rather than going through things from the past in your mind.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|It's all right, Tessa, you can go. We love you. You can go now.''Why are you saying that?''She might need permission to die, Cal.''I don't want her to. She doesn't have my permission.
Stephanie Kallos, Broken for You|She soon learned, though, that giving weight to other people's opinions was creative nihilism; it was like being banished from the Land of No Words and exiled to the Land of All Bullshit.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|The wisest course of action is to take your best shot with a prototype, immediately get it to market, and iterate quickly. If you wait for ideal circumstances in which you have all the information you need (which is impossible), the market will pass you by.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Hands - Part 2: Castling|The greedy bastard, thought Weintî. He knows perfectly well that twenty shekels is the going rate for a female household slave of my age.
Mickey Rooney|I think of OkCupid as an online bar; a place where singles can go, have fun with each other and in the process hopefully meet new people, some of whom might turn into a romantic relationship.
James A. Owen, The Search for the Red Dragon|Talent is its own expectation, Jim: you either live up to it or it waves a hankie, receding forever.
Mehmet Murat ildan|... something wholly new in religious thought. All other heavens have been gardens, dreamlands: passivities, more or less aimless. Even to the majority among ourselves, heaven is a siesta and not a city.The heaven of Christianity is different from all other heavens, because the religion of Christianity is different from all other religions. Christianity is the religion of cities. It moves among real things. Its sphere is the street, the market-place, the working life of the world... Try to restore the natural force of the expression - suppose John to have lived today and to have said 'I saw a new London.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|Those who find no humor in faith are probably those who find the church a refuge for their own black way of looking at life, although I think many of us find the church a refuge for a lot of our personality faults. Those of us, for example, who never learned to dance feel that the church is an ideal place for us if we can find a church that doesn't believe in dancing. Then we can get away with never having learned how to dance. You can carry this in all sorts of directions and see that the church is a refuge for what is really a 'flaw' in your own makeup.
Goldwin Smith|We all have to announce our full solidarity with the struggle of those seeking freedom and justice in Syria, and translate this sympathy into a clear political vision that supports a peaceful transition to a democratic system of rule that reflects the demands of the Syrian people for freedom.
I. Alan Appt, The Strength in Knowing|All of material and All of any services can be purchased, with the exception of, Love, Peace and Joy, they are not for sale at any price
David Arnold|No! Please no," she feels the cool metalof the handcuffs again. "Please, I'mMadison, I'm Madison!"Her arms lock into place above her head.She jerks her body, pain snapping at hermuscles."You can stay like this for the day." Herises from the bed, bends down, andblows out the candles on her birthdaycake. "Night, night, Rosie.""No!"He opens the door, letting a stream ofsunlight into the room."Please don't leave me here, please!"And then the door closes, and thesunlight is gone.
John Derbyshire|Books, in the plural lose their solidity of substance and become a gas, filling all available space.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|Finally, Carol said in a tone of hopelessness, "Darling, can I ask you to forgive me?" The tone hurt Therese more than the question. "I love you, Carol." "But do you see what it means?
Terry Brooks, Armageddon's Children|Where there had been only fearful emptiness or equally frightening grandiose fan­tasies, an unexpected wealth of vitality is now discovered. This is not a homecoming, since this home has never before existed. It is the creation of home.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives: the Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|When I understood that neither parents, nor family, nor friends, nor anyone in the world could offer me anything but pain, insults and wounds, I resolved to stop living for the world.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I speak of the power of trying, because I have fallen and struggled to stand. I speak of generosity because I battle selfishness. I speak of joy because I have known sorrow. I speak of faith because I almost lost mine, and know what it is to be broken, in need of redemption. I speak of Thanks because I am grateful for the totality of this Life... not just the easy parts.
Gina Prince-Bythewood|When I did 'Bird,' it was a surprise to some people, first because I wasn't in it and second because most of the films I'd been doing were cop movies or westerns or adventure films, so to be doing one about Charlie Parker, who was a great influence on American music, was a great thrill for me.
Cristelle Comby, Ruby Heart|I’ve always believed that, as long as we’re left alone to do what we’re good at, and be who we’ve decided to be, things will turn out all right in the end. Now, me being strapped to a chair, unable to see what is going on, and Egan coming to the rescue, carrying a freaking bomb. That is not — by a mile — all right.
jherrera|I thought I lost something this summer, but I just realized, I never needed it.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|When mom died, my old roommate, Jimmy, said that in an alternate dimension, an alternate me might have a worse life.Now that's comforting, said Murphy.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I am a frayed and nibbled survivor in a fallen world, and I am getting along. I am aging and eaten and have done my share of eating too. I am not washed and beautiful, in control of a shining world in which everything fits, but instead am wondering awed about on a splintered wreck I've come to care for, whose gnawed trees breathe a delicate air, whose bloodied and scarred creatures are my dearest companions, and whose beauty bats and shines not in its imperfections but overwhelmingly in spite of them...
Gary Zukav|Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience.
shivaraj konanavar|I'll take my chances. It has you."And when a great man says something smart like that a smart woman just shuts up.
Maya Angelou|In journalism just one fact that is false prejudices the entire work. In contrast, in fiction one single fact that is true gives legitimacy to the entire work. That's the only difference, and it lies in the commitment of the writer. A novelist can do anything he wants so long as he makes people believe in it.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|... the reason why we find some things intuitively easy to grasp and others hard, is that our brains are themselves evolved organs: on-board computers, evolved to help us survive in a world (...) where the objects that mattered to our survival were neither very large nor very small; a world where things either stood still or moved slowly compared with the speed of light; and where the very improbable could safely be treated as impossible. Our mental burka window is narrow because it didn't need to be any wider in order to assist our ancestors to survive.
Mary Berry|I always say, 'There's a difference between cooked food and McDonald's.' Your mom's homemade dinner - you enjoy this more than you enjoy the fast food that comes along and goes, and I strive to make homemade dinner every time I put out an album.
Aspen Baker|Instead of seeing how much pain I can dish out towards those I disagree with, or who I believe have done me wrong, I seek to follow the golden rule and use my words and behavior to create more of what the world needs – love, compassion, and connection.
S.D. Gordon|It is good to know; it is better to do; it is best to be. To be pure and strong, to be honest and earnest, to be kindly and thoughtful, and in all to be true,...
Amy Reed, Clean|Before being born, his mother explained, babies go to school. Not a school like Boris’s, but a different kind of school, where all the teachers are angels. The angels teach each baby the entire Torah, along with all of the secrets of the universe. Then, just before each baby is born, an angel puts its finger right below the baby’s nose—here she paused to put her finger across his lips (could he see the blood under her skin, or did he only imagine it?)—and whispers to the child: Shh—don’t tell. And then the baby forgets. “Why does he have to forget?” Boris had asked, moving his lips beneath her finger. He didn’t want to know, not really. But his mother’s back had stiffened, and he could feel that she might get up at any moment, put out the light, walk away, disappear. She pulled her hand away from his face, resting it on her own stomach. “So that for the rest of his life,” she said, “he will always have to pay attention to the world, and to everything that happens in it, to try to remember all the things he’s forgotten.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|The anxious heart, in its flailings, loses its hold on whatever grace God has bestowed upon it, and is sapped of the strength to "resist the temptations of the Evil One, who is all the more ready to fish...in troubled waters.
Sandra M. Michelle|Some people will not make the decision to give Jesus love back no matter how great his love is. These folks are who I call “grace users”. They just take advantage of the Lord’s love and kindness. True disciples will love the Lord back. When someone truly opens their heart and falls in love with Jesus, wanting to be his disciple will come naturally to them. Christ’s love is compelling.
Elvis Presley|Our trials and our times of pain get the most recognition, but 'Straight Outta Compton' speaks to triumph. When it's doubtful, when nobody is on your side, when your back is against the wall, you triumph and make it through. Showing growth through movies promotes growth.
Choa Kok Sui, Creative Transformation - The Golden Lotus Sutras on Spiritual Practice|As you develop, the people around you also develop. As you progress, the world progresses with you to a certain degree.
Gerry Geek, Ice Breakers for Project Managers: Jokes, Quotes, and Brainteasers|A project goal like a joke. If you have to explain it, it is not good / fun.
April Nichole, Eyes to Heaven|Knowing that you knew everything about us before we were bornLord, your love is amazing
Ellen Raskin, The Westing Game|I remember the will said, 'May God thy gold refine.' That must be from the Bible.""Shakespeare," Turtle said. All quotations were either from the Bible or Shakespeare.
Vijay Kedia|Invest like a bull, sit like a bear and watch like an eagle. (mantra for long term investing)
Elizabeth F. Loftus, Witness for the Defense: The Accused, the Eyewitness, and the Expert Who Puts Memory on Trial|from 1960-2015 Nigerians live under the rules of those who are above the law, but from 2015 we hope for a little change, and if there is no change in 2015, only God knows what will happened.
Olga Goa|Don't be shy, dear. I'm too old for you to be embarrassed by me.” #RicardoAlonso , #FatefulItalianPassion.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|I'm sorry, Gemma. But we can't live in the light all of the time. You have to take whatever light you can hold into the dark with you.
D.S. Mixell|Living in the moment works sometimes, but when alone, it clouds over your memories and dreams, and those are what I need to survive.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|An individual school can handle a resident idiot from time to time, but an entire school system is only as good as its weakest leader.
Robert B. Parker, The Widening Gyre|...You have any suggestions, make them. I'm in charge but humble. No need to salute when you see me." Fraser said, "Mind if we snicker every once in a while behind your back?" "Hell, no," I said. "Everyone else does.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|My body felt alive.	I need more.	"Valkyrie," Fen growled, eyes locked on my mouth. "Put your lips back on mine, and I will give you what you crave.
Anthony|You must go to the extreme to find out who you are, but sometimes, you never go back.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|here was a particular kind of energy in those early days, something I've only really found in startups. The regulars - the boring 9-to-5 people - haven’t invaded the world yet. All around you are people who practically buzz with mental adrenaline - the kind of people who sneer at words like policy and dress code and fill the office at nights with pizza and bad jokes and the relentless tip-tack-clack of keyboards. They push boundaries, turn small ideas into game-changers and small arguments into fistfights.No company can last forever this way: it’s a bit like being in a cage. Eventually the strange ones move out and give way to order and conformity and all the things that make for a smoothly operating machine. But that brief chaos is what really gives a company its soul.
Ana Castillo, I Ask the Impossible|I ask the impossible: love me forever.Love me when all desire is gone.Love me with the single mindedness of a monk.When the world in its entirety,and all that you hold sacred advise youagainst it: love me still more.When rage fills you and has no name: love me.When each step from your door to our job tires you--love me; and from job to home again, love me, love me.Love me when you're bored--when every woman you see is more beautiful than the last,or more pathetic, love me as you always have:not as admirer or judge, but withthe compassion you save for yourselfin your solitude.Love me as you relish your loneliness,the anticipation of your death,mysteries of the flesh, as it tears and mends.Love me as your most treasured childhood memory--and if there is none to recall--imagine one, place me there with you.Love me withered as you loved me new.Love me as if I were forever--and I, will make the impossiblea simple act,by loving you, loving you as I do
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|Did he just rip out the engine?" I asked."Yes", Saiman said. "And now he is demolishing the Maserati with it."Ten seconds later Curran hurled the twisted wreck of black and orange that used to be the Maserati into the wall.The first melodic notes of an old song came from the computer. I glanced at Saiman.He shrugged. "It begged for a soundtrack.
Sarah Kay|The TypeEveryone needs a place. It shouldn't be inside of someone else. -Richard SikenIf you grow up the type of woman men want to look at,you can let them look at you. But do not mistake eyes for hands.Or windows.Or mirrors.Let them see what a woman looks like.They may not have ever seen one before.If you grow up the type of woman men want to touch,you can let them touch you.Sometimes it is not you they are reaching for.Sometimes it is a bottle. A door. A sandwich. A Pulitzer. Another woman.But their hands found you first. Do not mistake yourself for a guardian.Or a muse. Or a promise. Or a victim. Or a snack.You are a woman. Skin and bones. Veins and nerves. Hair and sweat.You are not made of metaphors. Not apologies. Not excuses.If you grow up the type of woman men want to hold,you can let them hold you.All day they practice keeping their bodies upright--even after all this evolving, it still feels unnatural, still strains the muscles,holds firm the arms and spine. Only some men will want to learnwhat it feels like to curl themselves into a question mark around you,admit they do not have the answersthey thought they would have by now;some men will want to hold you like The Answer.You are not The Answer.You are not the problem. You are not the poemor the punchline or the riddle or the joke.Woman. If you grow up the type men want to love,You can let them love you.Being loved is not the same thing as loving.When you fall in love, it is discovering the oceanafter years of puddle jumping. It is realizing you have hands.It is reaching for the tightrope when the crowds have all gone home.Do not spend time wondering if you are the type of womanmen will hurt. If he leaves you with a car alarm heart, you learn to sing along.It is hard to stop loving the ocean. Even after it has left you gasping, salty.Forgive yourself for the decisions you have made, the ones you still callmistakes when you tuck them in at night. And know this:Know you are the type of woman who is searching for a place to call yours.Let the statues crumble.You have always been the place.You are a woman who can build it yourself.You were born to build.
Iain M. Banks, Surface Detail|Beauty isn't just a pretty face, a beautiful body or even a cute voice. Beauty arises from your mind, your soul, and most important your personality. But most people don't seem to notice.
Alexander Nestoiter|When our feet talk to us, we listen.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Pray within. Stay within. Seek, find the Within. For, there's no heaven or hell or god anywhere but herein.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|If you think I'm going to let six people risk their lives - !''because it's the first time for all of us,' said Ron.'This is different, pretending to be me -''Well, none of us really fancy it, Harry,' said Fred earnestly. 'Imagine if something went wrong and we were stuck as specky, scrawny gits forever.'Harry did not smile. 'You can't do it if I don't cooperate, you need me to give you some hair.''Well, that's the plan scuppered,' said George. 'Obviously there's no chance at all of us getting a bit of your hair unless you cooperate.''Yeah, thirteen of us against one bloke who's not allowed to use magic; we've got no chance,' said Fred.
Tadao Ando|Beauty and fashion are not really local anymore. You really have to be a global citizen to know what trends are. Now, it's pretty much the same designers and the same kind of trends, whether I am in New York, Milan, or Mumbai - it's the same.
Angie karan|In my perception and self - awareness of life, I see the big picture ~ I see my self ~ the place of my true home ~ the home of my soul.You are the Master of your own life - The key and beauty of your soul.
Baltasar Gracián|The gift was not large as money goes, and my need was not great, but the spirit of the gift is beyond price and leaves me blessed and in debt.
Charlie Dunbar Broad|It is true that our everyday view of the world is not quite naively realistic, but that is what it would like to be. Common-sense is naively realistic wherever it does not think that there is some positive reason why it should cease to be so. And this is so in the vast majority of its perceptions. When we see a tree we think that it is really green and really waving about in precisely the same way as it appears to be. We do not think of our object of perception being 'like' the real tree, we think that what we perceive is the tree, and that it is just the same at a given moment whether it be perceived or not, except that what we perceive may be only a part of the real tree.
|We all have the potential to be winners, but sadly, some of us allow their fears and doubts to place theirs on hold.
Martin Luther|It is a great mistake to give a man who has not been convicted of sin, certain passages that were never meant for him. The Law is what he needs. Do not offer the consolation of the gospel until he sees and knows he is guilty before God. We must give enough of the Law to take away all self-righteousness. I pity the man who preaches only one side of the truth, always the gospel and never the Law.
Elsie Aidinoff, Garden|Always aim high, work hard, and care deeply about what you believe in. And when you stumble, keep faith. And when you’re knocked down, get right back up, and never listen to anyone who says you can’t or shouldn’t go on.
Gunnhild Øyehaug, Knots: Stories|Sometimes when you read, it’s like certain sentences strike home and knock you flat. It’s as if they say everything you have tried to say, or tried to do, or everything you are.
John Henry Newman|I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people.
Helen Fisher|In the course of a marriage, one accommodates the other.
Jon Steele, The Watchers|What will you tell him?""The truth."Fortismer thinks about that."Yes," he says at last. "Probably the best thing. Bloody deceptive, honesty.
Rob Liano|If you aren't constantly focused on your goals, you can easily waste all of the time, energy and money you invest in pursuing them.
Judy Greer|The woman I am currently crazy about was a vegetarian for a year until I started dating her. As is the case with most vegetarians, she had never eaten properly prepared meat, only commercially packaged or otherwise abused flesh.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|Upon achieving a lifelong dream, I thought, this is the way to live your life -- in the moment, and to the fullest.
Dolly Parton|I wasn't the class clown. I wasn't that obvious. There would be a circle of guys, and they're watching the class clown. And I'm standing in the back, and I turn to the guy next to me and I say something funny to him, and he starts to laugh. And the guy next to him says, 'What did he say?'
Gwen Hayes, Falling Under|Teach me how to fly, my beautiful butterfly.
Zig Ziglar|I remember when I was a kid, I could never find anything positive about chubby girls. If a girl was pudgy in books, she wasn't okay. She couldn't be happy or make friends unless she lost weight.
Voltaire|We are bound by the law, so that we may be free.
Scott Stabile|I'm a sucker for sweetness. Intelligence, creativity and a sense of humor mean little to me if a person isn't also kind.
Nacho Figueras|I confess I am a romantic. I love romance, and I think it's really fun and delicious and some of my favorite films are love stories. I think that you just get a chance to fall in love with the characters so much and you get to explore their lives so deeply.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Make it Happen! Enjoy 365 Days of Inspirational messages, Quotes and affirmations to live the life of your dreams.|Remember that our desires will not arrive by our schedule. If you really want to make God laugh, tell Him your plans.
Henry James, The Jolly Corner|In the violent scorn of her revolted pride, of her indignant honor, had she forgotten a lowlier yet harder duty left undone?In her contempt and dread of yielding to mere amorous weakness had she stifled and denied the cry of pity, the cry of conscience?To suffer woes which hope thinks infinite. To forgive wrongs darker than death or night. To defy power which seems omnipotent. To love and live to hope till hope creates from it's own wreck the thing it contemplates. Neither to change, nor falter, nor repent.This had been the higher, diviner way which she had missed, this obligation from the passion of the past which she had left unfulfilled, unaccepted.Now the misgiving arose in her whether she had mistaken arrogance for duty; whether, cleaving so closely to honor she had forgotten the obligation of mercy.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|It's like I have this large black hole in my brain and it's sucking the life out of me. The answers are in there so I sit for hours and stare. No matter how hard and long I look, I only see darkness.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|She turned to examine Dr. Breed, looking at him with helpless reproach. She hated people who thought too much. At that moment, she struck me as an appropriate representative for almost all mankind.
Neil Postman, The End of Education: Redefining the Value of School|Life, liberty and the pursuit of happy hour, the long weekend, the all-inclusive island resort, the sunny beach vacation. Happiness is somewhere else, someplace with boat drinks, some secret, distant state of bliss which if they were given would bore them in minutes.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|When you do the things in the present that you can see, you are shaping the future that you are yet to see.
Glen Duncan, Talulla Rising|Don't bother looking for the meaning of it all. There isn't one.Maybe not, but life compulsively dangled the possibility. Life, the dramatist on speed. Life, that couldn't stop with its foreshadows and ironies and symbols and clues, its wretched jokes and false endings and twists. Life with its hopeless addiction to plot.
sakhiabbas|Archbishop: "God is with us!"William the Great : "Bishop, if God is with us, then he is not with them, congratulations!We are victorious!
Toni Collette|I think naturally, if you're an actor, there's a high level of assertiveness that you need to have to survive this business. There's boldness in being assertive, and there's strength and confidence.
Sara Sheridan, Operation Goodwood|Films in the start you can't really say who will be the killer, who won't be, most times what you say is wrong (Of course if you have watched the film before that and now saying that you haven't it's a great lie, but I don't lie I just have the gift to predict!), the middle is messy because comes stuff which you won't ever thought, sometimes the quite people are the killers. The people which are suspected or investigated aren't the true killers they are the victims or in more cases just a wrong choice!The end is something which says a lot of for one film, if the killer wins it's show a new place in the films, if there is happy end it's something which is often.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Was not writing poetry a secret transaction, a voice answering a voice?
Neel Burton|The standards of judgement must be rooted in the whys and wherefores of life as it is lived, the world as it is, not our wished-for fantasy of the world as it should be.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I passionately love liberty, legality, respect for rights, but not democracy. That is what I find in the depth of my soul.
Alexander Carson|Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and I have founded empires. But on what did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded his empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for him.
John Corwin, Dark Light of Mine|I wanted to find a nice quiet spot, go to sleep, and dream about kittens.
Ann Druyan|It takes a fearless, unflinching love and deep humility to accept the universe as it is. The most effective way he knew to accomplish that, the most powerful tool at his disposal, was the scientific method, which over time winnows out deception. It can't give you absolute truth because science is a permanent revolution, always subject to revision, but it can give you successive approximations of reality.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, a fair-weather companion flatters when all is well, a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.
Marilyn Monroe|I don't mind being burdened with being glamorous and sexual. Beauty and femininity are ageless and can't be contrived, and glamour, although the manufacturers won't like this, cannot be manufactured. Not real glamour; it's based on femininity.
Vladimir Bartol, Alamut|That's for the best. Otherwise they might realize they're in prison. It can't be helped. You women are used to harems and prisons. A person can spend his whole life between four walls. If he doesn't think or feel that he's a prisoner, then he's not a prisoner. But then there are people for whom the whole planet is a prison, who see the infinite expanse of the universe, the millions of stars and galaxies that remain forever inaccessible to them. And that awareness makes them the greatest prisoners of time and space.
Mayim Bialik|Society should see parenting as a public health issue and help parents to bring their children up feeling loved. We have birthing classes, but no parenting classes. The latter is desperately needed if we are to avoid self-destruction.
Miko Sebastienz|The laws of nature are not intelligent,’ I replied. ‘The force of gravity is not intelligent. Electricity is not intelligent. A savage looking at a television might assume that it’s a sapient being, but we—’‘A sapient being? Looking at a television these days, the only possible assumption is that it’s a loud-mouthed, hysterical madman suffering from progressive mental debility,’ Anna Tikhonovna said derisively.
Menna van Praag, The Dress Shop of Dreams|Our flushing hearts, trying to climb to the stars- how with the wrong wind, we can fall.
T.S. Joyce, Blackwing Defender|WINTER: Because I guess I like the idea that maybe someday I can find my place, you know? My niche. Somewhere people will keep me.
DeWight R. Middleton|Hey, God made us sexual creatures. If he wanted teenagers to wait that long, he would have made puberty start at twenty-five.
Daaji|When we analyze how we make decisions, we witness the interplay of the heart and mind. We observe that the heart protests loudly when we choose something not so good for us, whereas when we make the right decision the same heart remains silent and at peace. That’s how the heart speaks; there are no loud signals when we do the right thing.
RVM|To live peacefully just look up into the sky and watch how the clouds drift in total acceptance. Instantly, you shall find Peace.
Stephenie Meyer|Innocent droplets of rainMake almost all events	Quite natural.(from "A Rainy Day")
Jamie Le Fay, Gravitational Pull|Don't underestimate him, Morgan. Many, especially men, see the rise of minorities as a threat to their cultural and economic dominance. White men are losing their jobs to women, minorities and people at the other end of the supply chain in third world countries. Beleaguered voters will support him in the hope that he will restore their vanished status.""People won't take him seriously. This is the man that said on national TV that a woman's place is in the kitchen.""That may indeed be his biggest strength.
Louise Erdrich|They're all the same-- the cop, the criminal, the defense, the prosecutor-- they all share a fundamental belief in the malleability of truth
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Everybody, including you, potentially can be great.
Sharon Shinn, Summers at Castle Auburn|I hardly think that any Socialist, nowadays, would seriously propose that an inspector should call every morning at each house to see that each citizen rose up and did manual labour for eight hours.
Vladimir Lenin|Without Revolutionary theory, there can be no Revolutionary Movement.
Bob Thurber, Paperboy: A Dysfunctional Novel|An undergraduate researching the "witch hunt" cases asked for evidence that there had been more than one hundred cases, noting that the major lists of such cases added up to about fifty. There was no reply that provided documentation to support the claim.[34] The members of the list were generally strong proponents of the witch-hunt narrative. They knew the answer to the question “Is there a child sex abuse witch hunt?” These “witch hunters,” as those on this list soon came to describe themselves, were increasingly activists who used the internet to exchange information and ideas. Jonathan Harris may have done more than anyone else to disseminate the witch-hunt narrative in the mid 1990s and beyond.[35]
Debasish Mridha|Don’t blame other people for your problems. Only you can do anything about your problems. Inspect, reflect, realize, and then find the cure. No one can do it for you.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|In order to create something new, to invent a new product or idea, you need to anticipate where things are headed. That requires a mixture of certain habits of mind. You need to foster imagination, thoroughly understand the origins of past ideas, learn from others’ mistakes, talk to lots of people about ideas and test your hypotheses against people both alive and dead.
Kindle Alexander, Always|I'm glad I found you," Kane said quietly, stepping back as Avery stood."I think it was more like me finding you, handsome." For Kane, the sentimental memories were so strong; all he could do was stand there as they held their babies, thinking about their lives, their future,and his love for Avery."I can't imagine my life without you," Kane proclaimed sweetly."Good. I don't want you to.
Robert Burns|Flow gently, sweet Afton,amang thy green braes,Flow gently, I'll sing theea song in thy praise;My Mary's asleepby thy murmuring stream,Flow gently, sweet Afton,disturb not her dream.Thou stock dove whose echoresounds thro' the glen,Ye wild whistly blackbirdsin yon thorny den,Thou green crested lapwingthy screaming forbear,I charge you, disturb notmy slumbering fair.How lofty, sweet Afton,thy neighboring hills,Far mark'd with the coursesof clear winding rills;There daily I wanderas noon rises high,My flocks and my Mary'ssweet cot in my eye.How pleasant thy banks and green valleys below, Where, wild in the woodlands,the primroses blow;There oft, as mild eveningweeps over the lea,The sweet-scented birk shadesmy Mary and me.Thy crystal stream, Afton,how lovely it glides,And winds by the cot wheremy Mary resides;How wanton thy watersher snowy feet lave,As, gathering sweet flowerets,she stems thy clear wave.Flow gently, sweet Afton,amang thy green braes,Flow gently, sweet river,the theme of my lays; My Mary's asleepby thy murmuring stream,Flow gently, sweet Afton,disturb not her dreams.
Diane Capri, Due Justice|No matter how offensive she's been to me, she continues to act as if she has some sort of God-given right to keep coming back for more favors.
John Darnielle, Wolf in White Van|My grief sought out all parts of my body it hadn't yet inhabited, and I felt like I might collapse in on myself right there, at last, spectacularly
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE ORGANIC FOODS MYTHA few decades ago, a woman tried to sue a butter company that had printed the word 'LITE' on its product's packaging. She claimed to have gained so much weight from eating the butter, even though it was labeled as being 'LITE'. In court, the lawyer representing the butter company simply held up the container of butter and said to the judge, "My client did not lie. The container is indeed 'light in weight'. The woman lost the case.In a marketing class in college, we were assigned this case study to show us that 'puffery' is legal. This means that you can deceptively use words with double meanings to sell a product, even though they could mislead customers into thinking your words mean something different. I am using this example to touch upon the myth of organic foods. If I was a lawyer representing a company that had labeled its oranges as being organic, and a man was suing my client because he found out that the oranges were being sprayed with toxins, my defense opening statement would be very simple: "If it's not plastic or metallic, it's organic."Most products labeled as being organic are not really organic. This is the truth. You pay premium prices for products you think are grown without chemicals, but most products are. If an apple is labeled as being organic, it could mean two things. Either the apple tree itself is free from chemicals, or just the soil. One or the other, but rarely both. The truth is, the word 'organic' can mean many things, and taking a farmer to court would be difficult if you found out his fruits were indeed sprayed with pesticides. After all, all organisms on earth are scientifically labeled as being organic, unless they are made of plastic or metal. The word 'organic' comes from the word 'organism', meaning something that is, or once was, living and breathing air, water and sunlight.So, the next time you stroll through your local supermarket and see brown pears that are labeled as being organic, know that they could have been third-rate fare sourced from the last day of a weekend market, and have been re-labeled to be sold to a gullible crowd for a premium price. I have a friend who thinks that organic foods have to look beat up and deformed because the use of chemicals is what makes them look perfect and flawless. This is not true. Chemical-free foods can look perfect if grown in your backyard. If you go to jungles or forests untouched by man, you will see fruit and vegetables that look like they sprouted from trees from Heaven. So be cautious the next time you buy anything labeled as 'organic'. Unless you personally know the farmer or the company selling the products, don't trust what you read. You, me, and everything on land and sea are organic.Suzy Kassem,Truth Is Crying
Baba Tunde Ojo-Olubiyo|The matted straw cover of the latrine was yanked away. The sun blinded me as I looked up at the dark outline of two young soldiers in tattered camouflage, their uniforms made for men bigger than they were. They each held an automatic weapon, an AK-47, and were leering down at me. I could see the two gold teeth of one of them as he grinned.Gold-tooth reached down and grabbed my hair, yanking me up by it until he could get the other hand under my arm and pull me the rest of the way. I screamed in terror. He pulled me away from the pit as he and the others held their noses and laughed hysterically. One held each arm and dragged me to the river’s edge. They tore off my loose cotton dress; I had no underwear on. After howling with laughter and firing guns in the air, they crudely touched my body.
Betty   Cross, Mistress of the Topaz|Wars and revolutions and battles, you see, are due simply and solely to the body and its desires. All wars are undertaken for the acquisition of wealth; and the reason why we have to acquire wealth is the body, because we are slaves in its service.
Carl T. Rowan, Dream Makers, Dream Breakers: The World of Justice Thurgood Marshall|On the second floor was the office in which Houston pounded an ancient typewriter with two fingers, always setting an example of unceasing hard work for his admiring students. They had no hint of the fact that their hard-driving dean had contracted tuberculosis while serving as a GI in France in Word War I. Houstan always seemed vibrant and impassioned in the chase for justice as he tried to expose his students to everything relating to the law that might give them an advantage.. . ."I never worked hard until I got to the Howard Law School and met Charlie Houston," Marshal told me. "I saw this man's dedication, his vision, his willingness to sacrifice, and I told myself, 'You either shape up or ship out.' When you are being challenged by a great human being, you know that you can't ship out."So Houston rescued Marshall and launched him into a career as one of the greatest lawyers in American history.
Immanuel Kant|No one is perfect... absolutely no one. Like precious stones, we have a few flaws, but why focus on that? Focus on what you like about yourself, and that will bring you happiness and peace.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|I hate you!” I screamed at Fang. Tucking my wings in, I aimed downward,diving toward the ground at more than two hundred miles an hour.“No you dooonnn’t!” Fang’s voice spiraled away into nothingness, far aboveme.Inside my head, almost drowned out by the roar of wind rushing by my ears, Iheard the Voice make a tsking sound. You guys are crazy about each other, itsaid.
Elizabeth George, Embracing God's Grace: Colossians/Philemon|Prayer is a mighty ministry that any believer can have—anywhere, anytime, and in any circumstance.
Roland Barthes|Everybody now admits that apartheid was wrong, and all I did was tell the people who wanted to know where I come from how we lived in South Africa. I just told the world the truth. And if my truth then becomes political, I can't do anything about that.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|In many cases when a reader puts a story aside because it 'got boring,' the boredom arose because the writer grew enchanted with his powers of description and lost sight of his priority, which is to keep the ball rolling.
Anne M. Chappel, Zanzibar Uhuru: revolution, two women and the challenge of survival|A place with no handholds,no landmarks,no past at all:That would have been too much like dying
