Timothy Egan|Like all great readers, he could create for himself a "wall of stillness".
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.
Noorilhuda, Catharsis|Even in death, her mother was winning.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|I fell, she laughed. I fell hard, she laughed harder. Seeing that I kept falling till I fell in love.
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|And I? I drink, I burn, I gather dreams.And sometimes I tell a story. Because Promethea asks me for a bowl of words before she goes to sleep.
Terence McKenna|Whether consciousness is implanted in us by something divine, or whether it is created by the efforts of our brains, the end result is the same. We are.
Patricia Duncker|They were from different generations, culture, nations. But even these things did not divide them so much as their separate conceptions of what it meant to be a woman.
Kevin Arnold|Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lost
William Nicholls, Christian Antisemitism|Paranoia is transmissible from mind to mind, but it does not go by the route of reason. It can therefore change its rationalization while remaining essentially the same.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|... just because [butterflies'] lives were short didn't mean they were tragic... See, they have a beautiful life.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|My foot slips on a narrow ledge; in that split second, as needles of fear pierce heart and temples, eternity intersects with present time. Thought and action are not different, and stone, air, ice, sun, fear, and self are one. What is exhilarating is to extend this acute awareness into ordinary moments, in the moment-by-moment experiencing of the lammergeier and the wolf, which, finding themselves at the center of things, have no need for any secret of true being. In this very breath that we take now lies the secret that all great teachers try to tell us…the present moment. The purpose of mediation practice is not enlightenment’ it is to pay attention even at unextraordinary times, to be of the present, nothing-but-the-present, to bear this mindfulness of now into each event of ordinary life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In my darkness, my pathway was marked by the brightness of light.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In your own mind-darkened, will-paralyzed, conscience-dulled soul, God can make the light penetrate and turn the darkness of your own life into day, if you will let Him.
Stephen Fry|I have written it before and am not ashamed to write it again. Without Wodehouse I am not sure that I would be a tenth of what I am today -- whatever that may be. In my teenage years, his writings awoke me to the possibilities of language. His rhythms, tropes, tricks and mannerisms are deep within me.But more than that, he taught me something about good nature. It is enough to be benign, to be gentle, to be funny, to be kind.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|I cheated on my fears,broke up with my doubts,got engaged to my faith,and now I'm marrying my Dreams.Soon I will be holding hands with Destiny!
Jane Campion|I can get very philosophical and ask the questions Keats was asking as a young guy. What are we here for? What's a soul? What's it all about? What is thinking about, imagination?
Robin Sacredfire|Nobody fights over the opinion of which book is better. So why do we fight over which religion is better, if they're all based on books? Let us read and learn from them all and unite in our differences and disagreements too.
John M. Gottman|If you think your boss is stupid, remember: you wouldn’t have a job if he was any smarter.
Thomas P.M. Barnett|Basketball Without Borders is a leadership camp that takes basketball to different places around the world, to Africa, Europe, America and Asia. It's a camp that brings players from different parts of the continent to one city that's been assigned as the host city. We've been going to a different city every year.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I don't sit around waiting for passion to strike me. I keep working steadily, because I believe it is our privilege as humans to keep making things. Most of all, I keep working because I trust that creativity is always trying to find me, even when I have lost sight of it.
Eric Berne|The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.
Tennessee Williams, Sweet Bird of Youth|I’ve been accused of having a death wish but I think it’s life that I wish for, terribly, shamelessly, on any terms whatsoever.
Sunday Adelaja|The only way you can pray with absolute faith is to be confident that your prayers are in line with the revealed will of God, His Word.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|Philosophers call this state of isolation and disconnection “species loneliness”—a deep, unnamed sadness stemming from estrangement from the rest of Creation, from the loss of relationship. As our human dominance of the world has grown, we have become more isolated, more lonely when we can no longer call out to our neighbors. It’s no wonder that naming was the first job the Creator gave Nanabozho.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|The worst part about cancer isn't what it does to you, but what it does to the people you love.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|AVERT DISASTER, in fact, would have been a perfect school motto—the purpose of the place, as far as Schwartz could tell, was to keep three thousand would-be maniacs sedated by boredom until a succession of birthdays transformed them into adults.
Donald Bren|My two primary areas of focus have been open-space conservation and education, and I expect those to remain my priorities in the future. The Irvine open space and parklands provide serenity and balance to our unique Orange County lifestyle.
Katie Reus, Lover's Instinct|For the record, I want to be anywhere you are," he murmured in her ear, so close he might as well have run his tongue along it.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself.
Amanda Bouchet, Breath of Fire|It’s just you always…”	“Run,” I finish for him…	I gaze up at him. Soft light plays over his striking features – the hard planes of his cheekbones, his strong jaw, the slight hook in his nose. “I’ll still run, Griffin. The difference now is that I’ll run to you.”	He looks at me for a long time, his gray eyes inscrutable. “You’d better.”	I arch an eyebrow. “Or you’ll spank me?
Alanis Morissette|Anger is certainly a kind of baseness, as it appears well in the weakness of those subjects in whom it reigns: children, women, old folks, sick folks.
Alex Owens|As I grabbed my cocoa, chocolate ran down my hand."This makes me feel like a five-year-old," I said, licking it off."If I ordered a sandwich at this place, do you think they'd cut the crusts off?
Sunday Adelaja|It is when we finally realize the futility of violence and the invalidity of war will we, the people of this world finally wake up!
Adi Alsaid|Language is fossil poetry. As the limestone of the continent consists of infinite masses of the shells of animalcules, so language is made up of images, or tropes, which now, in their secondary use, have long ceased to remind us of their poetic origin.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If money could buy happiness, the rich would not drown their sorrows in expensive wine.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|...You are here again,so realistic,just, the golden dawn takes you away in the morning...Be here now,not there,where there is nothingbut starsand emptiness......
Clive Barker, Days of Magic, Nights of War|I dreamed I spoke in another's language,I dreamed I lived in another's skin,I dreamed I was my own beloved,I dreamed I was a tiger's kin.I dreamed that Eden lived inside me,And when I breathed a garden came,I dreamed I knew all of Creation,I dreamed I knew the Creator's name.I dreamed--and this dream was the finest--That all I dreamed was real and true,And we would live in joy forever,You in me, and me in you.
John C. Parkin, F**k It: The Ultimate Spiritual Way|Never take both hands off the pump. As an entrepreneur, you need to be on constant lookout for opportunity, and that will involve risk. But you minimize those risks by keeping one hand on the pump that is producing for you.
Karl Wiggins, GRIT The Banter and Brutality of the Late-Night Cab|They drain you sometimes. They really do. "What's it all about then mate? What's the secret of life? You should know. You're a fucking cab driver." Yeah, right. (As if I'll learn the secret of life talking to arseholes like you all night). "Got any saucepan lids, mate? I've got two. I hate them. Bastards, they are. Ruined my life. I hate the bastards."I keep quiet "Don't try and rip us off, mate. I've got a key between my knuckles." (Whatever). The life of a cab driver. Glimpses into other people's lives.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Success is realising the true joy and wonder of life can only be yours if you follow your own intuition, aiming to achieve your bliss.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When 'Dirty Mack' salts your flow, get beyond feelings of hurt, anger, bitterness, and especially vengeance. Be glad, and take refuge in knowing light has been cast on the shadow of hatred, envy or jealousy that has mocked your shine. And press forward with your purpose - allowing time and space to clear the way for karmic justice on your behalf.
John Updike, Rabbit, Run|All children are heartless. They have not grown a heart yet, which is why they can climb tall trees and say shocking things and leap so very high that grown-up hearts flutter in terror. Hearts weigh quite a lot. That is why it takes so long to grow one.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|In a world where everyone struggles to survive whatever the cost, how could one judge those who decide to die?
Paul Watson|Usually, environmental programs are not designed for a mainstream audience.
Kamand Kojouri|Think the tree that bears nutrition:though the fruits are picked, the plant maintains fruition.So give all the love you have.Do not hold any in reserve.What is given is not lost; it shall return.
John D. Roth, Beliefs: Mennonite Faith and Practice|Throughout history, Christians have faced the persistent temptation of confusing the language we use to talk about God with the essence of Christian faith. This stubborn human tendency to turn doctrine into an idol - to confuse a human creation with the truth itself - can easily lead people to wield doctrinal claims as a weapon against minority or dissenting perspectives. Thus, anyone who does not line up with a certain formulation of Christian faith is not only wrong, but also a heretic and therefore worthy of punishment or death.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The King! I thought him enough of a philosopher to realize that there is no such thing as murder in politics. You know as well as I do, my dear boy, that in politics there are no people, only ideas; no feelings, only interests. In politics, you don't kill a man, you remove an obstacle, that's all.
W.H. Auden, As I Walked Out One Evening: Songs, Ballads, Lullabies, Limericks & Other Light Verse|O stand, stand at the window As the tears scald and start;You shall love your crooked neighbour With your crooked heart.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… dream your dream… then, WAKE UP and bring it to life!
Rachel E. Goldsmith|Acknowledgement of the prevalence and impact of trauma challenges psychological theories that localize dysfunction within the individual while ignoring the contribution of social forces on adjustment (Brett, 1996; Ross, 2000).
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|Perrotte frowned. “I’d like to turn a plowshare into a sword ,” she said. “I’d cut our way out of those thorns, and then use it to run my enemies through—” She bit off her next words and swallowed them. Sand stared at her, aghast. She met his eyes, defiant. “What? You don’t like bloodthirstiness?” she asked. “Pardon? No. I’m horrified that you would dull a sword on that thorn brake. I could make you some pretty good hedge shears.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|In July I thinkabout the idea of being cursed(because it’s not strange to me;when I look in mirrors I’mnot there, blank walls gleamingwith bloody condensation,and my shadow behind memocking me with his persistencewhen I keep telling himto leave just to leave to let me be).
Auliq Ice|I'm a damsel, I'm in distress, I can handle this. Have a nice day!
Margaret Atwood|Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.
Grace Burrowes, The Captive|You would fare far better with a lover who makes you laugh than one who makes you curse - and cry," he added, stepping to the cone of colored light.Beyond mortified, Phoebe dashed a quick hand across her damp eyes, hoping he might at least miss that much of her shame. "Sir, you should have made your presence known."One dark brow arched upward, "I believe I am doing just that.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|As thoroughly as mankind has killed God, the reader has despatched the author.
Nina Guilbeau|I can't know your feelings", he said ,"if you don't know them yourself.
Father Gabriel|The building is rather like a medieval Castle and was established in the Sixth Century and soon afterwards, as the Moslem armies advanced Westwards from the Arabian Peninsula, somebody had the prescience to build a small Mosque in its courtyard to guard against it being burned or demolished. At the time of the Crusades it was the turn of the Monastery to protect the Mosque, and so it has been down the ages, each House of God extending its shelter to the other as opposing armies came and went.
Edith Eva Eger, The Choice: Embrace the Possible|Things aren't important, but beauty is.
Claire North, The End of the Day|Words are made by history, we build them and they change meaning through time, but the music they play...
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|You know, I think that only if one feels immensely important can one feel truly light.
Loris Malaguzzi|Stand aside for a while and leave room for learning, observe carefully what children do, and then, if you have understood well, perhaps teaching will be different from before.
Charles J. Sykes|The Complexities Of Life Caused By Bad Government Administration, Leadership, Parental Abuse And Mistakes Can Make A Child More Matured Than Their Age. It Happened To Me And It Is Still Happening To So Many Children World Wide. Most Especially, In Africa Where I Come From. This Is Why You See So Many African's Do All Sorts Of Bad Deeds For Surfacing And Surviving To Keep Body And Soul Together.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|That was supposed to be the whole purpose of the Internet, you know. To share scientific information.""Not a Viagra- and porn-delivery system?
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are better than your past, greater than your present, and brighter than your future.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|If the bible be true, God commanded his chosen people to destroy men simply for the crime of defending their native land. They were not allowed to spare trembling and white-haired age, nor dimpled babes clasped in the mothers' arms. They were ordered to kill women, and to pierce, with the sword of war, the unborn child. 'Our heavenly Father' commanded the Hebrews to kill the men and women, the fathers, sons and brothers, but to preserve the girls alive. Why were not the maidens also killed? Why were they spared? Read the thirty-first chapter of Numbers, and you will find that the maidens were given to the soldiers and the priests. Is there, in all the history of war, a more infamous thing than this? Is it possible that God permitted the violets of modesty, that grow and shed their perfume in the maiden's heart, to be trampled beneath the brutal feet of lust? If this was the order of God, what, under the same circumstances, would have been the command of a devil? When, in this age of the world, a woman, a wife, a mother, reads this record, she should, with scorn and loathing, throw the book away. A general, who now should make such an order, giving over to massacre and rapine a conquered people, would be held in execration by the whole civilized world. Yet, if the bible be true, the supreme and infinite God was once a savage.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|In each of us lie good and bad, light and dark, art and pain, choice and regret, cruelty and sacrifice. We’re each of us our own chiaroscuro, our own bit of illusion fighting to emerge into something solid, something real. We’ve got to forgive ourselves that. I must remember to forgive myself. Because there is a lot of grey to work with. No one can live in the light all the time.
Ann Aguirre, Outpost|Love can take one over the clouds, out to space And also to the depths of the Earth where you get trapped and coming back feels like a forgotten dream..
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|That feeling. That's the real difference in a life. People who live on solid ground, underneath safe skies, know nothing of this; they are like the English POWs in Dresden who continued to pour tea and dress for dinner, even as the alarms went off, even as the city became a towering ball of fire. Born of a green and pleasant land, a temperate land, the English have a basic inability to conceive of disaster, even when it is man-made.
Mariusz Szczygieł, Gottland|The committees scour the bookstores, printing and publishing houses, paying particular attention to secondhand bookstores. There, they requisition countless copies of 'Incautious Maidens' or 'Flames at the Metropole.' So that those who prefer the false view of the world presented in cheap novels will never find refuge again.
Herbert Spencer, The Principles of Biology, Vol 1|The young specialist in English Lit, having quoted me, went on to lecture me severely on the fact that in every century people have thought they understood the Universe at last, and in every century they were proved to be wrong. It follows that the one thing we can say about our modern 'knowledge' is that it is wrong.The young man then quoted with approval what Socrates had said on learning that the Delphic oracle had proclaimed him the wisest man in Greece. 'If I am the wisest man,' said Socrates, 'it is because I alone know that I know nothing.' The implication was that I was very foolish because I was under the impression I knew a great deal.Alas, none of this was new to me. (There is very little that is new to me; I wish my correspondents would realize this.) This particular theme was addressed to me a quarter of a century ago by John Campbell, who specialized in irritating me. He also told me that all theories are proven wrong in time.My answer to him was, 'John, when people thought the Earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the Earth was spherical, they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the Earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the Earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together.
Gavriil Stiharul|My love, can't you seehow much i love theeFor i through your eyesshall seeOur great lovefor all eternity
Charlotte Brontë|They began their climb, already weary, and the sun tried to steal whatever strength they had left. It was another god, a forgotten god, who gave a daily reminder, and was forgotten again each night.
William Eckard|You'll learn wisdom for yourself, if you have become sedentary.
Rokaya Hajjaji|How can they love me ,if I can't even love myself?
William Wilberforce, Real Christianity|My friends, I like them; my morals, I like them more!
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Mistress of Spices|But, he thought, I keep them with precision. Only I have no luck anymore. But who knows? Maybe today. Every day is a new day. It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.
M.R. Graham, In the Shadow of the Mountains|Frederick Douglass told in his Narrative how his condition as a slave became worse when his master underwent a religious conversion that allowed him to justify slavery as the punishment of the children of Ham. Mark Twain described his mother as a genuinely good person, whose soft heart pitied even Satan, but who had no doubt about the legitimacy of slavery, because in years of living in antebellum Missouri she had never heard any sermon opposing slavery, but only countless sermons preaching that slavery was God's will. With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil — that takes religion.
Augustine Birrell|I murmur: "It's a seat," a little like an exorcism. But the word stays on my lips: it refuses to go and put itself on the thing. It stays what it is, with its red plush, thousands of little red paws in the air, all still, little dead paws. This enormous belly turned upward, bleeding, inflated—bloated with all its dead paws, this belly floating in this car, in this grey sky, is not a seat. It could just as well be a dead donkey tossed about in the water, floating with the current, belly in the air in a great grey river, a river of floods; and I could be sitting on the donkey's belly, my feet dangling in the clear water.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|Miss Benson had the power; which some people have, of carrying her wishes through to fulfillment; her will was strong, her sense was excellent, and people yielded to her – they did not know why.
George B. McClellan|You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.
Camila Alves|When you grow up close to poultry and fields and gardens and open-air markets, you can't help but develop an instinct for quality food.
Val Uchendu|Creativity can turn into an avalanche or a tempest, but can also flow like a meandering tributary to same destination
Robin Sacredfire|People use masks in public and then wonder why their personal life, their relationships, don't work. If you're not being honest with others, there's nothing real about yourself to learn and, the wider the gap, the deeper the suffering. The heart wasn't meant to be closed in a box made of fake feelings and thoughts.
Tom Walsh|It's easy to get lost in our own heads. It's easy to allow the thoughts and worries and plans and hopes to take on their own lives and control our minds in such a way that we lose sight of all that's around us in any given moment. It's difficult to allow those thoughts and problems to take a back seat in our lives in order to be completely aware of what's right here, right now. Perhaps there's a person who really could use you to take a couple of moments to pay attention to him or her; perhaps there's a cool autumn breeze that's going to calm your spirit with its amazing touch--but only if you actually notice it.
Barbara Michaels|Probe deeply enough, under the slickest façade of confidence, and you tapped a vein of self-doubt or a hidden fear. Irrational fears and baseless doubts, many of them, but that was precisely why constant reassurance was necessary to the human animal.
Clementine von Radics|You are on the floor crying,and you have been on the floor crying for days.And that is you being brave.That is you getting through itas best you know how. No one else can decideWhat your tough looks like.
Tim Cope|My father loves people. No matter what their race, no matter what their position in life, he treated everyone with kindness and love and respect. And that was instilled in me just by watching him.
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|Oh, that boy is in so much trouble.' Exie screeches out of the parking lot as if Jerran can hear her.
John Piper|We can't equate spending on veterans with spending on defense. Our strength is not just in the size of our defense budget, but in the size of our hearts, in the size of our gratitude for their sacrifice. And that's not just measured in words or gestures.
Amit Kalantri|At all times an empire is more important than emperor and empress, prince and princess.
Erik Paulsen|In Sleep we lie all naked and alone, in Sleep we are united at the heart of night and darkness, and we are strange and beautiful asleep; for we are dying the darkness and we know no death.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The days seem short, and time seems too little to do what you love.
Anne Rice|All writing is difficult. The most you can hope for is a day when it goes reasonably easily. Plumbers don’t get plumber’s block, and doctors don’t get doctor’s block; why should writers be the only profession that gives a special name to the difficulty of working, and then expects sympathy for it?
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|People may feel that I am materialistic, ideal, idiot, cool, funny. Its not their perception but my projection and I always have my own reasons for my being.
Denis Diderot, Thoughts on the Interpretation of Nature and Other Philosophical Works|I picture the vast realm of the sciences as an immense landscape scattered with patches of dark and light. The goal towards which we must work is either to extend the boundaries of the patches of light, or to increase their number. One of these tasks falls to the creative genius; the other requires a sort of sagacity combined with perfectionism.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|His eyes darkened in frustration."I'm tired of waiting, Thalia. I'm not a patient person. You have to know.""What do you mean, Keal? You know I like Joss." I tried to move away again, but his hands on either side of me pinned me in. Keal's determination scared me."You know what we share is infinitely more powerful than...that. And you feel this between us, too," he growled. "You melt when I kiss you. You watch me when you think I'm unaware. You can't sleep unless I'm near. Tell me none of that is true."I swallowed nervously and licked my lips. "No, that's all true.""I promised your father I'd give you time, but I'm tired of waiting. Tired of watching Joss try and win your heart from me.""Keal, I don't understand. Ho is joss keeping you from me, when you and I don't think of one another that way?"Don't think--Thalia! You and I are lifemates.
John Barrowman, Anything Goes|See, sexuality is less about the actual act of having pretty good sex for seventeen minutes twice a week and much more about surrounding yourself with an ever simmering sensual energy, pulsing just underneath your daily life and infusing almost everything you do. It's like you're always just a little bit horny, just a little turned on, but the object of your gentle lust isn't just your lover, it's divine life itself.
Robin Roe, A List of Cages|The three witches and the knight set off down the hill together, arm in arm, and all four led long and happy lives, and none of them ever knew or suspected that the Fountain's waters carried no enchantment at all.
Clinton Kelly, Freakin' Fabulous: How to Dress, Speak, Act, Eat, Sleep, Entertain, Decorate, and Generally Be Better Than Everyone Else|It's not revealing, it's informative.
James Patterson, Sundays at Tiffany's|Just because life is hard, and always ends in a bad way, doesn't mean that all stories have to, even if that's what they tell us in school and in the New York Times Review. In fact, it's a good thing that stories are as different as we are, one from another.
J.F. Kelly, A Woman's Pleasure|If women were totally satisfied with their sexual and lovemaking experiences, women would welcome the lovemaking experience as much as men.
Gregory Maguire|I don't only act out of my character; my character reacts to my actions. Each time I why, even if I'm not caught, I become a little bit more of this ugly thing: a liar. Character is always in the making, with each morally valenced action, whether right or wrong, affecting our characters, the people who we are.
Fabian Gustafsson|The one who lives solely with the many, solely with the best, lives only as briefly as that which he owns, passes his tests. The one living by his actions, and by his deeds, will live his full life owning the average, happily having them, filling his needs.
Farshad Asl|You must remember that you are called to save and set others free, to raise and develop strong and powerful leaders, who will form the government of the nations for Christ
Dee Williams|I thought: This is what the living do. And I swooned at the ordinary nature of the task and myself, at my chapped hands and square palms, at the way my wrists bent and fingers flexed inside this living body.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|No matter what happens, we always have a choice. Even when it seems that there is no option, there is always something else that can be done. What happens in our lives is the result of decisions that we make... "Always Remember the destiny reflect, into a choice we made.
Kyle Cassidy, This Is What a Librarian Looks Like: A Celebration of Libraries, Communities, and Access to Information|My experience with public libraries is that the first volume of the book I inquire for is out, unless I happen to want the second, when that is out.
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|I Drink. I Burn. I Dream.And Sometimes, I tell Stories !
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|It seems that the days of public modesty and concern about how we look are far from us. I will not say they are gone forever, in culture nothing is forever.
Peter Abelard|In the name of the rule of law, democracy and human rights, we cannot accept that the rights of individuals (Arab or Muslim) be trampled upon, or that populations are targeted and discriminated against in the name of the war against terrorism.
Hideaki Sorachi|The day is always good, you just have to ignore the bad and look for the good. Remember it takes more muscle to frown then it does to smile, so smile for another day.
Kasie West, The Distance Between Us|There was too much between them to think of any type of future. Yet, with him standing in front of her, she wanted to think of the future. Wanted him to wrap his arms round her. Kiss her. Tell her it would be all right.
Alain de Botton|One's doing well if age improves even slightly one's capacity to hold on to that vital truism: "This too shall pass.
Sukarno|In Delhi, where I grew up, commerce is brusque. You don't ask each other how your day has been. You might not even smile. I'm not saying this is ideal - it's how it is. You're tied together by a transaction. The customer doesn't tremble before complaining about how cold his food is.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|He is a trouble causer who acts without intent. In other words, living on purpose means you must act with known intent. Develop an objective sense that asks the why questions as you pull out action thoughts. Why do I want to do this? Why do I want to do it now? Why do I want to stop this? Why do I want to enter into this agreement? Why do I want to change? You will discover that when you have a known intent, you have enough motivation to sustain the success of your decision.
Donna Augustine, Karma|But why, everybody asks, am I not blessed by fortune (or at least not as blessed as I would like to be)? Why have I not been favored like others who are less deserving? No one believes their misfortunes are attributable to any shortcomings of their own; that is why they must find a culprit.
Amanda Steel, After the Zombies|I like zombies, Stephen King also like them.Zombies are pretty interesting creatures,...
Christopher Bollen, Orient|C'mon, let's go in my room and abuse drugs and stuff!
Sunday Adelaja|The worship of God shouldn’t be done in church alone, but in all our actions and our attitude towards His creation
L V HALL|Tapping While Peeling, Back These Masks Stained With Stars…This Ashtrays My Heart, Colored In Filters Sucked Dry From The High, The Lipsticked & Famous, The Lovers The Haters, The Bent Or Those Who Live In The Cage…With Vision Sealed Tight Denying All Light...Left Only With Assumption From A Judge In Sleep State...
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|The act of vividly recalling a patch of the past is something that I seem to have been performing with the utmost zest all my life, and I have reason to believe that this almost pathological keenness of the retrospective faculty is a hereditary trait.
Mohsin Hamid|Democracy isn't solely about polite conversations in parliaments. It needs to be continually refreshed with raw passions, anger and ideals.
Matthew Goodman, Eighty Days: Nellie Bly and Elizabeth Bisland's History-Making Race Around the World|After the period of sex-attraction has passed, women have no power in America.” -Elizabeth Bisland
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|As you grow older, you realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones.People nowadays don't know the true meaning of friendship and loyalty.People always suddenly miss you more once they see how much happier you are without them.Learn the real from the fake....and don't worry about the mistakes you make.There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.The only people worthy to be in your life are the ones that help you through the hard times and laugh with you after the hard times pass.
Kate Forsyth, The Puzzle Ring|Forrest Gander: "Maybe the best we can do is try to leave ourselves unprotected. To keep brushing off habits, how we see things and what we expect, as they crust around us. Brushing the green flies of the usual off the tablecloth. To pay attention.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is possible to get what you want in life, you must work for it.
phoxgrimm9|Show me good,i show you better, show me bad, i show you worse...
Debasish Mridha|Fame is like drifting clouds, transient and ephemeral. Memory is forever.
Fred Saberhagen|Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Until we understand what the land is, we are at odds with everything we touch. And to come to that understanding it is necessary, even now, to leave the regions of our conquest - the cleared fields, the towns and cities, the highways - and re-enter the woods. For only there can a man encounter the silence and the darkness of his own absence. Only in this silence and darkness can he recover the sense of the world's longevity, of its ability to thrive without him, of his inferiority to it and his dependence on it. Perhaps then, having heard that silence and seen that darkness, he will grow humble before the place and begin to take it in - to learn from it what it is. As its sounds come into his hearing, and its lights and colors come into his vision, and its odors come into his nostrils, then he may come into its presence as he never has before, and he will arrive in his place and will want to remain. His life will grow out of the ground like the other lives of the place, and take its place among them. He will be with them - neither ignorant of them, nor indifferent to them, nor against them - and so at last he will grow to be native-born. That is, he must reenter the silence and the darkness, and be born again.(pg. 27, "A Native Hill")
Andy Rooney|There is something about Christmas that requires a rug rat. Little kids make Christmas fun. I wonder if could rent one for the holidays. When I was tiny we would by a real tree and stay up late drinking hot chocolate and finding just the right place for the special decorations. It seems like my parents gave up the magic when I figured out the Santa lie. Maybe I shouldn't have told them I knew where the presents really came from. It broke their hearts.I bet they'd be divorced by now if I hadn't been born. I'm sure I was a huge disappointment. I'm not pretty or smart or athletic. I'm just like them- an ordinary drone dressed in secrets and lies. I can't believe we have to keep playacting till I graduate. It's a shame we just can't admit that we have failed at family living, sell the house, split up the money, and get on with our lives. Merry Christmas.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|Mothering your man is not sexy for you or for him. If you want your man to "start being a man", start being his lover not his mother.
Rich Mullins|Joshua made the sun stand still in the sky, but I can't keep these thoughts of You from passing by.
Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen|These are tough times, and the New Yorkers I have met are facing economic adversity with grace and dignity. They worry about their future, care about their neighbors and hope this storm will pass so they can focus on better days ahead.
Elizabeth Morgan, Blood Secrets|It has nothing to do with you—”“It has everything to do with me that you want to get yourself fucking killed.” He snarled, the words tight and full of iron. “Losing you is not an option.
Erik Tomblin, The Space Between|It was as if his song was one voice, calling out into the darkness until it was answered by another, harmonizing with its own unique voice and emotion to create something even more beautiful than the sum of its parts.
Ina May Gaskin, Ina May's Guide to Childbirth|Moss is selected to be the emblem of maternal love, because, like that love, it glads the heart when the winter of adversity overtakes us, and when summer friends have deserted us.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|An abundant life is one where we are physically strong, mentally sound, and spiritually aflame. I
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|It is a great deal to fight while despising war, to accept losing everything while still preferring happiness, to face destruction while cherishing the idea of a higher civilization.
Matthew Pearl, The Last Bookaneer|These writers take the essence of every person around them, turn them into books and stories without permission or even a simple thank-you, and want all the credit and glory for themselves.
Dinesh Kumar Biran|To the romantic soul, the rituals of Valentine's Day echo every day of the year.
Harvey Mackay|Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.
Jane Lindskold|It's sad that because I have one friend who is in the public eye, just being seen out together once means we're romantically involved. But I don't take it seriously, and it doesn't really affect me much.
Gabrielle Black, Treating Murder|I never take out clients. It’s bad policy.” He looked me straight in the eyes as he said it. Reaching across for the glove compartment, his arm accidentally brushed my leg.
Franz Rottensteiner, The Fantasy Book: An Illustrated History From Dracula To Tolkien|Nevertheless, the potential and actual importance of fantastic literature lies in such psychic links: what appears to be the result of an overweening imagination, boldly and arbitrarily defying the laws of time, space and ordered causality, is closely connected with, and structured by, the categories of the subconscious, the inner impulses of man's nature. At first glance the scope of fantastic literature, free as it is from the restrictions of natural law, appears to be unlimited. A closer look, however, will show that a few dominant themes and motifs constantly recur: deals with the Devil; returns from the grave for revenge or atonement; invisible creatures; vampires; werewolves; golems; animated puppets or automatons; witchcraft and sorcery; human organs operating as separate entities, and so on. Fantastic literature is a kind of fiction that always leads us back to ourselves, however exotic the presentation; and the objects and events, however bizarre they seem, are simply externalizations of inner psychic states. This may often be mere mummery, but on occasion it seems to touch the heart in its inmost depths and become great literature.
Ibi Kaslik, Skinny|Heart lesson #3: post-heartbreak survival. The heart is resilient, I mean literally. When a body is burned, the heart is the last organ to oxidize. While the rest of the body can catch flame like a polyester sheet on campfire, it takes hours to burn the heart to ash. My dear sister, a near-perfect organ! Solid, inflammable.
Arshpreet Kaur|There is something strangely ecstatic, oddly fascinating and infinitely magnetic about unrequited love.
Peter Akinti, Forest Gate: A Novel|All you could do was hope for silence, for still air.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|One may, in a case of exigency, introduce the reader in to a nuptial chamber, not into a virginal chamber. Verse would hardly venture it, prose must not.It is the interior of a flower that is not yet unfolded, it is whiteness in the dark, it is the private cell of a closed lily, which must not be gazed upon by man so long as the sun has not gazed upon it. Woman in the bud is sacred. That innocent bud which opens, that adorable half-nudity which is afraid of itself, that white foot which takes refuge in a slipper, that throat which veils itself before a mirror as though a mirror were an eye, that chemise which makes haste to rise up and conceal the shoulder for a creaking bit of furniture or a passing vehicle, those cords tied, those clasps fastened, those laces drawn, those tremors, those shivers of cold and modesty, that exquisite affright in every movement, that almost winged uneasiness where there is no cause for alarm, the successive phases of dressing, as charming as the clouds of dawn,—it is not fitting at all that all this should be narrated, and it is too much to have even called attention to it.
Shuli Barzilai, Tales of Bluebeard and His Wives from Late Antiquity to Postmodern Times|Power,' as the sociologist Nachman Ben-Yehuda writes, 'enters the picture in two ways': the first entails constructing and legitimizing the moral system itself; the second, in enforcing it. In this view, 'deviants are those who simply do not have enough power to prevent others from defining them as such'.
Wendell Berry|From the union of power and money,from the union of power and secrecy,from the union of government and science,from the union of government and art,from the union of science and money,from the union of ambition and ignorance,from the union of genius and war,from the union of outer space and inner vacuity,the Mad Farmer walks quietly away.
Italian proverb|Once the game is over, the King and the pawn go back in the same box.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|The NFL determines your worth as a player, but only God knows your true worth. Players work long and hard through pain and suffering, injuries, and pushing themselves further than they imagined going—then poof ! A dream is gone. That kind of treatment can really mess with one’s self worth. Getting cut can be deemed a failure, the loss of a lifetime goal.Thankfully, as Christians our worth is not determined by mistakes ￼we’ve made, either accidentally or by stupid stuff we’ve purposely done. Neither is it determined by what anyone else thinks. Our worth is determined by what Jesus Christ has already done.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|A man will never love you or treat you as well as a store. If a man doesn’t fit, you can’t exchange him seven days later for a gorgeous cashmere sweater. And a store always smells good. A store can awaken a lust for things you never even knew you needed. And when your fingers first grasp those shiny, new bags…
Elizabeth Hoyt, Duke of Midnight|I really wondered why people were always doing what they didn't like doing. It seemed like life was a sort of narrowing tunnel. Right when you were born, the tunnel was huge. You could be anything. Then, like, the absolute second you were born, the tunnel narrowed down to about half the size. . . . I figured that, on the day you died, the tunnel would be so narrow, you'd have squeezed yourself in with so many choices, that you just got squashed.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|Exactly. How can you know it makes you happy if you’ve never experienced it?”“There are different kinds of happy,” she said. “Some kinds don’t need any proof.
Ryū Murakami, Popular Hits of the Showa Era|These young men, in other words, represented a variety of types, but one thing they had in common was that they'd all given up on committing positively to anything in life. This was not their fault, however. The blame lay with a certain ubiquitous spirit of the times, transmitted to them by their respective mothers. And perhaps it goes without saying that this "spirit of the times" was in fact an oppressive value system based primarily upon the absolute certainty that nothing in this world was ever going to change.
Leviak B. Kelly, The Leprechaun Delusion|We have been having a Ménage à trois with the lies that others told us and the lies we tell ourselves for so long that we have convinced ourselves that it is normalcy. When we begin to read, hear or even see truth our minds reject it and our minds’ eye closes to what we view as temptation; as if we would be cheating on our trio so instead we cheat ourselves out of knowledge and growth.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|their powerlessness, innocence, and imagination fused to enable them to turn time inside out, travel on the wind, and enter the souls of animals.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|I consider my wife and children in all things; yet, I must consider Amara also.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|It's nonverbal: I need love. I need the thing that happens when your brain shuts off and your heart turns on. And I know it's around me somewhere, but I just can't feel it.
David D. Burns|Perfection' is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe.... If you are a perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be a loser in whatever you do.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Today is nothing but a snapshot of a place I've been, but not the place I'll always be.
Harrish Sairaman|Magic is only magic when don’t know ‘how’, when you know it, it can be experienced everyday!!!
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|I stood there in the shadowed doorway thinking with my tears. Yes, tears can be thoughts, why not?
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I had to nurture those doubts as if they were tiny, sickly kittens, until eventually they became sturdy, healthy grievances, with their own cat doors, which allowed them to wander in and out of our conversation at will.
Henri Poincaré, The Value of Science|The philosophers make still another objection: "What you gain in rigour," they say, "you lose in objectivity. You can rise toward your logical ideal only by cutting the bonds which attach you to reality. Your science is infallible, but it can only remain so by imprisoning itself in an ivory tower and renouncing all relation with the external world. From this seclusion it must go out when it would attempt the slightest application.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Deadeye Dick|I concluded that the best thing for me and for those around me was to want nothing, to be enthusiastic about nothing, to be as unmotivated as possible, in fact, so that I would never again hurt anyone.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|The best remedy for those who are frightened, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere they can be alone, alone with the sky, nature and God. For then and only then can you feel that everything is as it should be and that God wants people to be happy amid nature's beauty and simplicity.As long as this exists, and that should be forever, I know that there will be solace for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances. I firmly believe that nature can bring comfort to all who suffer.
Douglas Coupland|Three causes especially have excited the discontent of mankind; and, by impelling us to seek remedies for the irremediable, have bewildered us in a maze of madness and error. These are death, toil, and the ignorance of the future..
M.K. Schiller, The Do-Over|People who could easily be mistaken as preteens just shouldn’t even try to pull off the look-at-me-I’m-so-serious-and-mysterious-and-sexy look. Especially while driving because, please, you look like you are twelve and a half and driving with a serious look. Most kids who get the opportunity to drive illegally are smiling so big that they look dyslexic and about to piss their pants with excitement because they are in operation of a vehicle that isn’t manufactured by PlayStation. 
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|Well, you're free without wanting to be,' he explained, 'it just happens so, that's all. But Mathieu's freedom is based on reason.''I still don't understand,' said Lola, shaking her head.'Well, he doesn't care a curse about his apartment: he lives there just as he would live anywhere else, and I've got the feeling that he doesn't care much about his girl. He stays with her because he must sleep with someone. His freedom isn't visible, it's inside him.
Brinton Crane|So, with all this time on my hands, I decided to start a revolution.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Be not forgetful of prayer. Every time you pray, if your prayer is sincere, there will be new feeling and new meaning in it, which will give you fresh courage, and you will understand that prayer is an education.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|You have to be patient with him. Travis doesn't remember much about it, but he was close to his mom, and after we lost her he was never the same. I thought he'd grow out of it, you know, with him being so young. It was hard on all of us, but Trav... he quit trying to love people after that. I was surprised that he brought you here. The way he acts around you, the way he looks at you; I knew you were somethin' special.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|You fool, Helene. When you love, there is always more pain.
Jonathan  Mills, Love, Covenant & Meaning|So it is in our HEART, not in our sexualness, that we human beings think and decide how to live - even if the decision is to indulge in venery of whatever sort. A man sees the complementarity of woman and man not through the eyes of lust but in his heart. Jacob's lust for Rachel distracted him from perceiving the virtue of Leah, a virtue to complement or complete his. It's in his heart, not through the lust of his eyes, that a man sees or learns to see the complementation of woman and man. If a man is 'homosexual' or has little lust toward attractive women, this is no obstacle to his perceiving woman as his complement or helper.
Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers|You can write and visualize goals all you want, but if you do not take action, your goals will never become a reality. To obtain a goal you have never before achieved will require tasks you have never before done.
Somya Kedia|With every moment of heart ache,I get a little closer to 'Acceptance' somehow,Denying to expect what's best,But to approve it's the best for now!
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|As you get connection with the higher source, your creativity increases
Jeffrey Michael|Reading is an addiction, much like living and breathing is an addiction.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|They wouldn't understand, and I don't feel the need to explain, simply because I know in my heart how real it was. When I think of you, I can't help smiling, knowing that you've completed me somehow. I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you'll take me in your arms again
Lora Leigh, Wild Card|Bella. "Nathan Malone is dead." He caught her shoulders, shook her."No!" she screamed back. And she couldn't hit him. She wanted to, and she couldn't."look at me," he yelled. "Look at me, Bella. What happened killed the man you loved. All that is left is this. The man you see now.The name name I carry now. Anything else is no possible.""No!" She pulled away from him, stumbled to her feet, and shook with the rage pounding through her. "The name may be dead, but you are not dead. "You weren't just a SEAL," she cried. "You weren't just a friend, or a son, or a grandson, or a brother. You weren't just a warrior." She clenched her fists, pressed to her stomach as the agony swell up through every cell of her body. "You are my husband. My lover.It doesn't matter if your name is Nathan, Noah, or hey fucking you, you are my my lover. My soul. My heart.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|Don't you know, you idiot, that that is what every fool of a woman says about her child?Miss Bulstrode's thoughts.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|Funny thing, employment. If you keep doing it, you keep getting paid.
Debasish Mridha|Loving is more important than living; without love, life has no meaning.
Richard Dawkins|I was never pushed into the religion by my mother or anyone else. I made up my own mind when I was old enough. I am not a religious person, but I am spiritual.
John Wilkes|What do you want to be a sailor for? There are greater storms in politics than you will ever find at sea. Piracy, broadsides, blood on the decks. You will find them all in politics.
Elizabeth J. Church, The Atomic Weight of Love|It was magic to be above [the clouds], to see their uppermost contours, the way they caught the light and held it, their vast shadows moving upon the face of the earth. I wished I could open the window and know what the world sounded like at that altitude. I thought about the solitude of that world, how it must be inhabited by the voice of the wind, only. ... I thought about what my crows saw as they flew above canyons and treetops, the birds-eye view of life. They would recognize specific trees, perches, and nesting sites from a completely different perspective than I could. Their maps differed from mine; they knew the topography, the contours of the landscape, on a much grander scale.
Terry Bain, You Are a Dog: Life Through the Eyes of Man's Best Friend|Pearl was hurring around my apartment, sniffing everything, including Rich Beaumont and Patty Giacomin, which neither of them like much."Can you get Pearl to settle down?" Paul asked."I could speak to her, but she'd continue to do what she wants, and I'd look ineffectual. My approach is to endorse everything she does."Susan said, "Come here, Pearl." And Pearl went over to her, and Susan gave her a kiss on the mouth, and Pearl wagged her tail; and lapped Susan's face, and turned and went back and sniffed at Patty.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|If it doesn't make sense, it's usually not true.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|If you look for endings you can always find one, but I truly felt as if I had used up the last of my youth, if youth is that finite stage of life when it all feels expeditionary, inexact.
Ronald Reagan|He'd grown unused to woods like this. He'd become accustomed to the Northwest, evergreen and shaded dark. Here he was surrounded by soft leaves, not needles; leaves that carried their deaths secretly inside them, that already heard the whispers of Autumn. Roots and branches that knew things.
Janine Mendenhall, Starving Hearts|The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence.
Edgar Allan Poe|All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
David C. Alves, We're the sons of God. . .So What?: Believe God About Who You Really Are!|The bible is history. Remember that it is not a book. It is a library. It contains many kinds of books, letters, songs, and histories, along with the poetry of mythology. We sometimes separate history from mythology, but the bible doesn't. Nor did C. S. Lewis when he wrote, Christianity is myth that is true.
Graham Cooke, Developing Your Prophetic Gifting|Prophets (must) humbly accept the truth that they see through a glass darkly, that they know only in part. In other words, they make mistakes. Mature prophets urge everyone to who they prophesy to judge, test and compare with scripture everything they say. They are not offended when people are careful.
Donna MacMeans, The Education of Mrs. Brimley|(Nicholas)"Am I dead?"An odd question, but then she rememberd her mourning attire. "No sir, you are not."He relaxed a moment, then turned his head slightly as if searching for other passengers. His brows dived in a scowl.Am I married?"She wasn't sure how to answer. His kid gloves hid any evidence of his matrimonial state, but his expression of instantaneous alarm and regret suggested he was referring specifically to her. No sir, we are not.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Believe what you believe and it will be, believe what others believe and they will consume you!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be daring, be passionate and persistently pursue your dreams.
Rashedur Ryan Rahman|CONFIDENCE is not showing off your VANITY, it’s about to be HUMBLED and KIND to others what are you truly SKILLED and PROFESSIONAL about…
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|Your dream is the prayer the Universe makes to you, because in its fulfilment it grows together with you.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|You can reach the roof of your house by stone stairs, by wooden stairs, by bamboo steps or by a rope. Likewise, there are diverse ways of experiencing the Absolute Divinity – the Ultimate Oneness. In fact, in that blissful state of oneness, you and God are one and the same thing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Do you ever feel like you're on the wrong path in your life? What if I told you there is no wrong path? Every path in your life is always the right path, the perfect path. So I say enjoy the view and appreciate that the path you're on, is leading you where you need to go….
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|There is the past, and there is the future. The present is never more than the single second dividing one from the other. We live poised on that second as it's hurtling forward—toward what?
Ruth Klüger, Still Alive: A Holocaust Girlhood Remembered|The death camps seem easier to comprehend if we put them all into the basket of one vast generalization, which the term "death camps" implies, but in the process we mythologize or trivialize them.
Abhijit Naskar|In the non-dual state, God, soul and universe are essentially one absolute system which is all-pervading, uncreated, self-luminous and eternal.
John Geiger|Life is filled with either problems or possibilities. When you look at a problem, but see opportunity instead, you become a powerful source that transforms grief into greatness. Don’t be someone who goes through greater lengths to avoid change than you do to obtain what you desire. You must define and embrace the necessary changes that move you forward. Go beyond your discontent for what is, and instead focus on imagining and creating the best of what’s possible.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|It can pay off, being a hack. Given the depraved state of American culture, a slick dude can make millions being a hack. But even if you succeed, you lose, because you've sold out your Muse, and your Muse is you, the best part of yourself, where your finest and only true work comes from.
Milan Kundera, The Festival of Insignificance|In the digital world, nothing truly exist unless it exist in at least two places.
Bill Wilson|Believe more deeply. Hold your face up to the light,even though for the moment you do not see.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|If so few female geniuses are found in history, it is because society denies them any means of expression.
Henry Rollins|If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long.
Kellyn Roth, The Dressmaker's Secret|If Miss Elton spoke water instead of words, then there would have been a repetition of Noah’s flood.
Earl Shoaf|If you surrender, you have already lost. If you refuse to give up, though, no matter the odds against you, at least you have succeeded in trying.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself—so like a brother, really—I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again. For everything to be consummated, for me to feel less alone, I had only to wish that there be a large crowd of spectators the day of my execution and that they greet me with cries of hate.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|SIMPLICIO: ... You have to [learn to] walk before you can run.SALVIATI: No, you have to have something you want to run toward.
J.G. Ballard, Super-Cannes|If their work is satisfying people don't need leisure in the old-fashioned sense. No one ever asks what Newton or Darwin did to relax, or how Bach spent his weekends. At Eden-Olympia work is the ultimate play, and play the ultimate work.
Roberto Benigni|The Greeks said grandly in their tragic phrase, 'Let no one be called happy till his death;' to which I would add, 'Let no one, till his death, be called unhappy.'
Louise Dickinson Rich|Here's a nice image for a life in balance,” she said. “You're juggling these four balls that you've named work, family, friends, spirit. Now, work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it bounces back. The other balls they're made of glass.”“I've dropped a few of those glass balls in my day. Sometimes they chip, sometimes they shatter to pieces.
Danny Phan|Satan seemed to wink at her. She supposed he would know her soul. She couldn’t remember selling it, least she wasn’t rich, but perhaps it wasn’t worth much.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|In our time, the curse is monetary illiteracy, just as inability to read plain print was the curse of earlier centuries.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|But Piglet is so small that he slips into a pocket, where it is very comfortable to feel him when you are not quite sure whether twice seven is twelve or twenty-two.
Henry Steele Commager|The war is against children, and all the other wars are just a shadow of the war on children.
Imogen Heap|Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy.
Hyman G. Rickover|I believe it is the duty of each of us to act as if the fate of the world depended on him. Admittedly, one man by himself cannot do the job. However, one man can make a difference. We must live for the future of the human race, and not for our own comfort or success.
Matt Haig, The Humans|There is only one genre in fiction, the genre is called book.
Alexander Hamilton|All the evils of France have been produced less by the perversity of the wicked and the violence of fools than by the hesitation of the weak, the compromises of conscience, and the tardiness of patriotism. Let every deputy, every Frenchman show what he feels, what he thinks, and we are saved!
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|The yogi, or the man of knowledge, or a devotee—all these people have got to get their mind withdrawn from the world and get it confined and concentrated in the seventh plane to see the various sportive forms of God . This is the only way and it is so eternally.
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|I shall live here in the rains,There in winter,Elsewhere in summer," muses the fool,Not aware of the nearness of death.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|There's something you need to know," he said.Her own breath came out loud and uneven. He was entirely in her personal space, but she'd given him enough power as it was. She wouldn't back away, wouldn't let him see her agitation. He tucked her hair behind her ear. Tension took hold of her body. She shuddered, looked up to tell him to stop, but he bent forward, his lips parted, a single freckle on his cheek drawing her attention while his lips got closer and closer and closer until ---"For future reference," he said, "I never kiss horribly." And before she could blink or breathe or think, his lips closed over hers. His grip tightened in her hair, and when she should've protested or pulled away or kicked him in the shins, her body melted into his. Kissing him was wrong.... So wrong. She was so good at so wrong.
Kamand Kojouri|When I'm with you,I feel exposed.Naked. When I'm naked with you, I feel clothed.Sheltered.
Kirsty Greenwood, Yours Truly|There’s a saying, isn’t there, that when you’ve had a near death experience, all you want to do is have sex?
I.F. Stone|In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|As we learn about the ancient Goddess religion and cultures, we get to re-evaluate the information that has come to us through patriarchal sources. We start to wake up to the fact that everything that was written about us is without us.
Himmilicious|Whilst passing by the lane where the nests of concubines rested, I saw a little temple.Somebody lit the lamp in prayer. I couldn't decide to bow down to the temple or not to stop there and walk away.Never heard if odalisques have gods too... if yes,are they as pure as ours?
Susan Marg, Hollywood or Bust|Uh, listen here mister. We got no way understandin’ this world. We got about as much sense of it as bird flyin’ in the sky. There’s a lot that bird don't know, though it don’t change the fact the world is happenin’ to him all the same. What I'm tryin’ to say is, is that the course of your life it is changing, you don't even see it...
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|I know that story, when you start a fight, the main idea is one to survive, one to be the victim and one to be the killer. This explains why FBI, CSI and DIA and other departments are here!
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|And to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading.
Honore de Balzac|Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. That’s nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leadersare made rather than born.
Lily G. Blunt, Let Your Heart Decide|The good things you do for others when nobody sees you make you a real star in the sky, a shining noble star beyond reach!
Avijeet Das|They met in the library searching for old Sidney Sheldon books. Her silence and calmness drew her to him. His brooding nature drew him to her. Conversations flowed like the waters of a water-fall! And every time they met their conversations sparked flames like the forest caught in a wild fire!There was something in her eyes! Her eyes were expressive and from the first day that they met, they spoke to him a million things! He could know which night she had cried, which night she had slept peacefully and which night of hers had been spent in complete sleeplessness. He began reading her eyes more deeply and passionately than the books in the library...And being an obsessive man, he did things normal men did not! Like he knew the number of strands of hair that her eye-lashes had!
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|In the dream world, anything is possible. It requires a fertile imagination, and a desire to explore the half-light between the known and the unknown.
Maddie Ziegler|When I was in college, I had the good fortune to have Joyce Carol Oates as my writing teacher. She told me that I could take an aspect of myself, and from that one bit of personality, I can create a character. This is what I have done, particularly in my novels.
Demetri Martin|That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.
Pippa DaCosta, Darkest Before Dawn|Charles, if you were here right now, I'd totally kiss you."He chuckled softly. "I get that a lot, but I doubt my boyfriend will approve.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|History, if it has taught us anything at all, has taught us that the strange ideas we deride today will one day be our celebrated truths.
Manoj Vaz|The blame game is already a lost game, so don't attempt dressing up to play it!
Nikola Tesla|The day science begins to study non-physical phenomena, it will make more progress in one decade than in all the previous centuries of its existence.
Richard Russo|I don't tell you this story today in order to encourage all of you in the class of '04 to find careers in the music business, but rather to suggest what the next decade of your lives is likely to be about, and that is, trying to ensure that you don't wake up at 32 or 35 or 40 tenured to a life that happened to you when you weren't paying strict attention, either because the money was good, or it made your parents proud, or because you were unlucky enough to discover an aptitude for the very thing that bores you to tears, or for any of the other semi-valid reasons people marshal to justify allowing the true passion of their lives to leak away. If you're lucky, you may have more than one chance to get things right, but second and third chances, like second and third marriages, can be dicey propositions, and they don't come with guarantees.... The question then is this: How does a person keep from living the wrong life?
Michael A. Hodge|Do you know a Psychopath?You do not know me; but after reading my memoir you will know me a little better and you will have had the experience of safely getting into the mind and life of a young psychopath in training.Critics have written: It is a powerful and unusual memoir; brutal and raw.A Psychopath In Training: In 1997 psychiatrist’s contracted by the Correctional Service and the National Parole Board wrote in their final report, before I was released back into the community, they had diagnosed me to be a psychopath.A Psychopath: How does one become a Psychopath?After of the death of my young mother, when I was fourteen, I became a ward of the state and forced into the care and custody of the Catholic Christian Brothers at St. John’s Catholic Training School for Boys until after I turned sixteen. Since then I have been incarcerated over seventeen years in various prisons, institutions and juvenile detention centres. I have been interviewed and treated by so many prison psychiatrists and psychologists I should be called the professional.In my youth I have experienced almost every kind of sleaze, sex and violence humans can inflict on each other. I had to learn the hard way on how to identify and deal with the people who were the dangerous psychopath’s in my life and the proof I succeeded is; I am still alive.My book cover depicts what is coming out of the government foster homes and prisons today: Our communities and our police forces are not at all prepared for the dangerous psychopaths being churned out. Are you ready? You and the educators alike can learn from my memoir.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|I had to revise all my feelings once again. I pulled out the dregs of affection from the glass of misunderstanding to rebuild my faith. I had to reinvent the cause for love, as it were. It was something I had to draw inside me, a real portrait of her, not just the inspiration but the girl as a whole, with all her shortcomings to be able to love her again.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I love skyscrapers. Visiting cities lush with tall buildings has always been a treat for me. The implications of these immense towers are tremendous - a representation of the power of mind over matter. It never ceases to amaze me that within our minds exist the power to transform earthly materials into these colossal giants. For me, a walk among skyscrapers is a pleasant reminder of the boundless potential of human thought.﻿
Matshona Dhliwayo|There are thousands of languages around the world, but love is the most beautiful of them all.
Mineko Iwasaki|Hearts can break. Yes, hearts can break. Sometimes I think it would be better if we died when they did, but we don't.
Richard Just, A Matter of Principle: Humanitarian Arguments for War in Iraq|Too often in the post-9/11 world, when the time has come to translate the moral, and essentially progressive, roots of foreign policy idealism into plans for American action, liberals have said, 'Duck.
Lisa J. Hobman, The Girl Before Eve|We watch television and we play music, but mostly we've found ways to amuse ourselves." "Really?" Valkyrie asked. "Like what?"Plight's smile faded. "Like human sacrifice."He grabbed one arm and Lenka grabbed the other and Valkyrie cried out.They both let go, laughing."Naw," Plight said," we just play board games.
Charlie Higson, The Enemy|I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired,' said Maxie.'I know how that feels,' said Blue.'I think some Pharaoh had that carved on his tomb,' Maxie added.'Yeah? Times don't change much, do they?
Jonathan Swift|The courts are using the First Amendment to attack religion, when they should be using it to protect religion.
Tennessee Williams|You should not have too many people waiting on you, you should have to do most things for yourself. Hotel service is embarrassing. Maids, waiters, bellhops, porters and so forth are the most embarrassing people in the world for they continually remind you of inequities which we accept as the proper thing. The sight of an ancient woman, gasping and wheezing as she drags a heavy pail of water down a hotel corridor to mop up the mess of some drunken overprivileged guest, is one that sickens and weighs upon the heart and withers it with shame for this world in which it is not only tolerated but regarded as proof positive that the wheels of Democracy are functioning as they should without interference from above or below. Nobody should have to clean up anybody else’s mess in this world. It is terribly bad for both parties, but probably worse for the one receiving the service.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Geography of You and Me|Because even this --being so close to her --was no longer the same. That light he'd felt when he first saw her --he understood now that it was only a lightbulb. It was quick and easy, full of electricity, but there was something artificial about it. What he wanted was fire: heat and spark and flame.
Ban Ki-moon|I never doubted that equal rights was the right direction. Most reforms, most problems are complicated. But to me there is nothing complicated about ordinary equality.
Martin Amis, Experience: A Memoir|…This remains the great deficiency of literature: its imitation of nature cannot prepare you for the main events. For the main events, only experience will answer.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We need to know what the Bible teaches about right and wrong. Every day we are battered by messages—from the media, advertising, entertainment, celebrities, even our friends—with one underlying theme: “Live for yourself.
Dada Bhagwan|When the ‘right belief’ occurs, the world will appear quite different. ‘Right belief’ will take one towards the Eternal (Self), and the ‘wrong belief’ will take one towards the worldly life.
Bruce Springsteen|We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom. The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|It takes great courage to accept the constant changes of the emotions within ourselves, and even more audacity to express them whenever they occur and without filter or delay.
Hanya Yanagihara, The People in the Trees|I found myself thinking that perhaps there was something inexorable about the way events unfolded, as if my life--which had begun to seem something not my own but rather something into which I found myself blindly toppling--was indeed something living, that existed without my knowledge but that pulled me along in its strong, insistent undertow.
Danielle Valenilla, Fun Dip & Other Misfortunes|One day the world will be so badly wounded that those who try to repair it will only be called "close-minded.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|But you will come to regret this, Abigail. This won’t be like one of the memories that fritters away into nothing when you come out of that game. This will leave a stain. You’ll carry for it for ever, when you could have had a few more years of blissful innocence. Are you sure, now?
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|Sometimes it's the smallest secrets that hold the most hope, the most fun, the most danger.
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|His hand glides down my arm, folds over my hand. His fingers lace with mine, palms kissing. I can feel the fast thud of his heart through this single touch.
Patricia Fripp|Gammy used to say  "Too much scrubbing takes the life right out of things."
Holly Elissa Bruno, The Comfort of Little Things: An Educator's Guide to Second Chances|Sure, life as we know it is enough. But life as we don’t know it? That’s where the magic awaits. That’s where second chances abound.
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|You don't always get to know what happened, or why things happened a certain way, but it always, always, goes deeper than any one thing.
Maria Bamford|My voice has always been kind of distinct - even when I was four years old, my mom told me that people would be like, 'Why does your daughter always sound like a chain smoker?' I've always had this deep, raspy voice.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|There is truth in stories. There is truth in one of your paintings, boy, or in a sunset or a couplet from Homer. Fiction is truth, even if it is not fact. If you believe only facts and forget stories, your brain will live, but your heart will die.
Yukako Kabei, Kieli, Volume 7: As the Deep Ravine's Wind Howls|We are still on our journey, still suffering and still laughing together. But I feel like the tide has turned, and I think we will have our happy ending yet. Even if it doesn’t look like what we were expecting.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Thou shalt not search with desire; because the real treasures, they, will remain forever hidden from you.
Michael Chabon|A story begins with this nebulous feeling that’s hard to get a hold of and you’re testing your feelings and assumptions, testing what you believe. They end up turning into keepsakes and mementos—like amber in which a memory gets trapped.
J.I. Willett, Affairs of the Heart - God's Messages to the World|The desire to remake that shrinking expanse of life they were still allotted, to make use of it, to fill it up with possibility. Oh please: one more transformation.
Tara Estacaan|His eyes were like galaxies, and everyone could get lost in them. How many stars flickered there, no one knew, but every time he glanced upon someone, a new star ignited, a new star was caught in the gravity of his stare.
Margaret George, Elizabeth I|Perhaps life is like an hour glass, with dear ones the sand that slips from the upper glass--the earth--into the second--eternity.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Herein lies the tragedy of the age: not that men are poor, — all men know something of poverty; not that men are wicked, — who is good? not that men are ignorant, — what is Truth? Nay, but that men know so little of men.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Using titles such as Mr., Mrs., Miss, Dr., etc. demonstrates respect. In previous generations, it was a social necessity and simply good manners. One would consider you rude and uncultured if you were so presumptuous as to go straight to a “first name basis.” First names can imply an intimacy that does not exist and it may offend a new person until they know you better. Be wary of making assumptions.
Kristin Gore|Whether you're an obstetrician or a third-grade teacher or a real estate agent, you know when you're doing good work. You're passionate about it.
Erin Forbes, Fire & Ice: The Elementals|It would seem very silly to start a conversation with a common hedgehog. They are not at all like cats, who surely understand the human language.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Major Works|His face was like a law of nature—a thing one could not question, alter or implore. It had high cheekbones over gaunt, hollow cheeks; gray eyes, cold and steady; a contemptuous mouth, shut tight, the mouth of an executioner or a saint.
April WIlliams, What You Should Know About Network Marketing Before Investing Your Time, Energy and Money|Do you to the best of your ability with love, passion and purpose. The right tribe of people will fall into your life.
Seung Heun Lee, Healing Society: A Prescription for Global Enlightenment|Since we human beings are the cause of the environmental problems that we face today, we can also be the solution. We just need a shift in our thinking. We just need to move away from the paradigm of competition and domination. Then this world will not end. In fact, the world will prosper and return to its original place as the cradle of self-discovery and the advancement of human spirituality. And such a world is a true democracy.
Jon Meacham, Thomas Jefferson: The Art of Power|Curiosity is a terrible thing, he was thinking. How is it possible to stop oneself from needing to know?
Nivin Pauly|It's easy to write a short story and frighten people for five pages, but to work at length, when you do it as in 'The Turn Of The Screw' or 'A Christmas Carol,' it's different; you have to build it and build it.
Tony DiTerlizzi, A Hero For WondLa|As you discover what strength you can draw from your community in this world from which it stands apart, look outward as well as inward. Build bridges instead of walls.
Michael Phillip Cash|Every person should have the right to practice and believe what they want, as long as it does not infringe on another person’s freedom.
Peter Kreeft|God is love, and music is the language of love; therefore, music is the language of God. Music is a language more profound than words. How often have you heard a great piece of music and felt that? Great music does not just make you feel good; great music suggests some profound truth or mysterious meaning that is objectively true but not translatable into words.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most people who are would each not be in love with their partner, if they did not have the kind of genitals they have.
Holly Bourne, How Hard Can Love Be?|In real life, when emotions and sentiments are involved and the very continuity of life is at stake, there are no quantitative theories, linear programming, and applied mechanics available to solve those problems.
Forest Whitaker|Everybody knows that love is better than hate, and peace is better than war.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|Are you a communist?""No I am an anti-fascist""For a long time?""Since I have understood fascism.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Plunged up to the ears in work, good friend!" thought Oblomov as he watched him depart. "Yes, and blind and deaf and dumb to everything else in the world! Yet by going into society and, at the same time, busying yourself about your affairs you will yet win distinction and promotion. Such is what they call 'a career'! Yet of how little use is a man like that! His intellect, his will, his feelings--what do they avail him? So many luxuries is what they are--nothing more.Such an individual lives out his little span without achieving a single thing worth mentioning; and meanwhile he works in an office from morning till night--yes, from morning till night, poor wretch!
W. L. George|In our fast-forward culture, we have lost the art of eating well. Food is often little more than fuel to pour down the hatch while doing other stuff - surfing the Web, driving, walking along the street. Dining al desko is now the norm in many workplaces. All of this speed takes a toll. Obesity, eating disorders and poor nutrition are rife.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the New Year, never forget to thank to your past years because they enabled you to reach today! Without the stairs of the past, you cannot arrive at the future!
Anton Chekhov, The Three Sisters|MASHA. Just think, I am already beginning to forget her face. People will not remember us either. They will forget.VERSHININ. Yes. They will forget. That is our fate, you can't do anything about it. The things which to us seem serious, significant, very important, - the time will come - they will be forgotten or they will seem of no consequence.
JUVENALIUS|What's it like for a young teen of barely 14, trying to cope with all the normal problems of adolescence, and wrestling with the realization that he's gay on top of all that? Juvenalius struggles with accepting himself and with the idea of coming out, as well as trying to find a boy who he can love and be loved back in return. Narrated by him, find out how he deals with it all and how those important to his life help.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Welcome and embrace closed doors, as they are gateways to new opportunities.
Sergei Dovlatov, The Suitcase|If Hemingway is to believed, poverty is an invaluable school for a writer. Poverty makes a man clear-sighted. And so on. It's interesting that Hemingway realized this only when he became rich.
Gina Sheridan, I Work at a Public Library: A Collection of Crazy Stories from the Stacks|I have always imagined that paradise will be some kind of library. - Jorge Luis Borges, “Poems of the Gifts
Tom Robbins, Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates|Now and again, one could detect in a childless woman of a certain age the various characteristics of all the children she had never issued. Her body was haunted by the ghost of souls who hadn't lived yet. Premature ghosts. Half-ghosts. X's without Y's. Y's without X's. They applied at her womb and were denied, but, meant for her and no one else, they wouldn't go away. Like tiny ectoplasmic gophers, they hunkered in her tear ducts. They shone through her sighs. Often to her chagrin, they would soften the voice she used in the marketplace. When she spilled wine, it was their playful antics that jostled the glass. They called out her name in the bath or when she passed real children in the street. The spirit babies were everywhere her companions, and everywhere they left her lonesome - yet they no more bore her resentment than a seed resents uneaten fruit. Like pet gnats, like phosphorescence, like sighs on a string, they would follow her into eternity.
Josh Blatter|The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present. By the same token, vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|But here we see the peace of God is not the absence of negative thoughts, it is the presence of God himself.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|The Revenge and the Vengeance makes you to go forward and forward to do your work... This which was taken, you should take it from them.
Karen Kincy, Clockwork Menagerie|God forbid we should both go to heaven. Its endlessness would make us hate each other. Better for you to be in heaven and me in hell. We would long for each other, dream of each other, idealize each other. You would rail against God, since he was keeping you from consummating your love. I would send smoke signals from my pit of brimstone - love letters that smelled like sulfur and made you choke. Maybe we would even try to sneak off to purgatory for illicit rendezvous.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|We have to learn to apply wisdom in every situation and not "spiritualize" every temptation. Sometimes we need to overcome temptation by prayer and receiving grace; other times we need to put on some cheery music, open the curtains, and make a pot of coffee. God has given us the blessing of food when we are hungry, Advil when we have a headache, and Starbucks when we need a serious perk-up. We should avail ourselves of these blessings with gratitude to God our Creator, and not think we are somehow being unspiritual if we look to His creation for help and comfort.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Unnatural Death|Miss Climpson," said Lord Peter, "is a manifestation of the wasteful way in which this country is run. Look at electricity, Look at water-power. Look at the tides. Look at the sun. Millions of power units being given off into space every minute. Thousands of old maids, simply bursting with useful energy, forced by our stupid social system into hydros and hotels and communities and hostels and posts as companions, where their magnificent gossip-powers and units of inquisitiveness are allowed to dissipate themselves or even become harmful to the community, while the ratepayers' money is spent on getting work for which these women are providentially fitted, inefficiently carried out by ill-equipped policemen like you.
Debasish Mridha|If anyone hurts you, love him; it is the greatest revenge.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|When you don't know where you are going in life (No Clear Destination), you don't need direction... you need Divine Revelation
Joyram|Do not fear the conflict, and do not flee from it; where there is no struggle, there is no Virtue.
Francis Darwin|Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.
Thomas Pynchon, Inherent Vice|Can't say it often enough - change your hair, change your life.
Chris Lester, Things Unseen|Misty bit her lip — or at least that was what it looked like with the glamour. Kate could only imagine what she was doing with that mouth full of fangs. 'How do I know I can trust him? Or you?'Kate rose to her feet. 'You don’t. You never do, with people. Some things, you have to take on faith.' She turned and headed for the door, then paused and looked back. 'I don’t know how much you know about humans. I’m just guessing here, but we probably seem like a bunch of violent, paranoid, back-stabbing monkeys. ‘Cause we are. But the thing is … sooner or later, we all find ways to trust each other, even though we might get burned doing it.'Misty’s lip curled into a sneer. 'Because deep down inside, humans are all noble creatures that want to rise above their natures, right?''Oh, hell no,' Kate said. 'It’s just better than facing the darkness alone.'Then she turned and walked out, leaving the dumbstruck Misty behind her.
Jessica Mitford, Hons and Rebels|My darling goddaughter, Olivia, was the little girl of my friends, Max and Jeff. She was turning four, and it was time to transition her from her shortened toddler bed to a full-size big girl bed. It would be the bed where she'd have her childhood dreams and her teenage angst. I wanted it strong enough to tolerate her little girl bouncing and her teenage flouncing.It had to be perfect.
Ken Robinson|Human resources are like natural resources; they're often buried deep. You have to go looking for them, they're not just lying around on the surface. You have to create the circumstances where they show themselves.
Issey Miyake|I am going to design... a Station after my own fancy; that is, with engineering roofs, etc.
Darnell Lamont Walker|When we continue to hate, we continue to lose. When we amplify mutual respect and love, we have a lot to gain. Quite simply, there is more for us to gain through love than hate.
Katy Elizabeth|There are two kinds of people in this world: givers and takers. I came to know that takers eat better, and the givers sleep better. So I want to be both. Because I want to eat and sleep both better for good health.
Anthony Liccione|If you are reading this, be sure to count this on your blessings list.
V.S. Carnes|He watched her for her reaction, or possibly watched her just to watch, his eyes hooded by his lashes and his mouth impassive. A faceless man—such as the one she had dreamed of since she was a child—his identity not obscured by mist or flying sand or swirling dust, but by a mask he readily employed whenever he wished. As a shutter closed against a gale. Closed against her, no matter the impact of his words. He seemed to speak them against his will, just as he seemed to care for her against his will.
Neil Velez|You don't need great faith to move mountains, you only need to use the poor faith you say you have.
Gail Carson Levine, The Two Princesses of Bamarre|Drualt took Freya's warm hand,Her strong hand,Her sword hand,And pressed it to his lips,Pressed it to his heart.Come with me,' he said.Come with me to battle,My love. Tarry at my side.Stay with meWhen battle is done.Tarry at my side.Laugh with me,And walk with meThe long, long way.Tarry with me,My love, at my side.
Christina Engela, High Steaks|She thought of the city at night, of cities at night. Discarded constellations of old stars, fallen from the sky, rearranged on Earth in patterns and pathways and towers. Invaded by weevils that have learned to walk upright.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|You are too timid for me. You care too much about what other people think. But you know what? Because you are so desperate to win the approval of others, you'll never get rid of their criticisms, no matter how hard you try. You say you want to travel the path, but you don't want to sacrifice anything to that end. Money, fame, power, lavishness, or carnal pleasure - whatever it is that one holds most dear in life, one should dispose of that first.
Asa Don Brown|As I’m beginning to find out, parenting is no child’s play, it couldSometimes determine whether couples continue to live together orgo their separate ways.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|To believe, man needs no full reasoning.Without reasoning, it turns into myophia.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|My knight may not wear a coat of shining armor, but his code of glowing honor will never fail to protect us both from evils far worse than any fire-breathing dragon.
Karel Čapek, The Absolute at Large|Everyone has the best of feelings towards mankind in general, but not towards the individual man. We'll kill men, but we want to save mankind. And that isn't right, your Reverence. The world will be an evil place as long as people don't believe in other people.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|Because the pure girls get rescued." Mary Lou felt something she didn't let herself feel often. She was well and truly pissed off. "Why do girls have to be all pure and innocent and good? Why don't guys have to be?
Erik Larson|I think you have to be willing to take a bullet for somebody if you're going to stand up there, take your vows, and be married to them for the rest of your life.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|The power of the bleeding love of God is stronger than the power of Caesar, of the law, of Mars, Mammon, Aphrodite and the rest. This is the point that Paul grasped. And that is the reason for the Colossians' gratitude. The battle has been won.
Rose Tremain|In the planning stage of a book, don't plan the ending. It has to be earned by all that will go before it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Keep moving, no matter how slow you move, you will definitely arrive at your destination.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Quoting Father Seraphim:Our life hangs only by a breath. It is the thread that links you to the Father, the Source, which brought you into being. Be conscious of this thread, and go where you will. (27)
Della Reese|Well, number one I like dancing. Number two I knew it would be challenging because I had never done this type of dance before. I always wanted to and I happened to have the courage to go out there and give it my best shot.
John Barth, The End of the Road|When a man showed up you didn't want to look at his face and he didn't want to look at his face and he didn't want to look at yours, because it's painful to see somebody so clear that it's like looking inside him, but then neither did you want to to look away and lose him completely. You had a choice: you could either strain and look at things that appeared in front of you in the fog, painful as it may be, or you could relax and lose yourself.
François Poullain de la Barre, De l'égalité des deux sexes , discours physique et moral où l'on voit l'importance de se défaire des préjugez|Be all this as it may, men should not have to depend upon physical strength for distinction, otherwise animals would have the advantage over them, as would the physically strongest among us.
Douglas Adams|Now, the invention of the scientific method and science is, I'm sure we'll all agree, the most powerful intellectual idea, the most powerful framework for thinking and investigating and understanding and challenging the world around us that there is, and that it rests on the premise that any idea is there to be attacked and if it withstands the attack then it lives to fight another day and if it doesn't withstand the attack then down it goes. Religion doesn't seem to work like that; it has certain ideas at the heart of it which we call sacred or holy or whatever. That's an idea we're so familiar with, whether we subscribe to it or not, that it's kind of odd to think what it actually means, because really what it means is 'Here is an idea or a notion that you're not allowed to say anything bad about; you're just not. Why not? - because you're not!
Stephen King|So in that sense, I and my fellow horror writers are absorbing and defusing all your fears and anxieties and insecurities and taking them upon ourselves. We’re sitting in the darkness beyond the flickering warmth of your fire, cackling into our caldrons and spitting out spider webs of words, all the time sucking the sickness from your minds and spewing it out into the night.
C. JoyBell C.|The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.
René Descartes, Passions of the Soul|If someone treads on my hand accidentally, while trying to help me, the pain may be no less acute than if he treads on it in contemptuous disregard of my existence or with a malevolent wish to injure me. But I shall generally feel in the second case a kind and degree of resentment that I shall not feel in the first. If someone's actions help me to some benefit I desire, then I am benefited in any case; but if he intended them so to benefit me because of his general goodwill towards me, I shall reasonably feel a gratitude which I should not feel at all if the benefit was an accidental consequence unintended or even regretted by him, of some plan of action with a different aim.
Muriel Barbery|There are days when I feel I have been able to grasp all there is to know in one single gaze, as if invisible branches suddenly spring out of nowhere, weaving together all the disparate strands of my reading--and then suddenly the meaning escapes, the essence evaporates, and no matter how often I reread the same lines, they seem to flee ever further with each subsequent reading...
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Don't pull any shit because you want to show off.” “Wait a second.” She looked down then back up. “Nope, I haven't grown a cock in the last few minutes. I have no need to prove whose is bigger.
Confucius, The Analects of Confucius|If names be not correct, language is not in accordance with the truth of things.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|I was looped in on your little romantic quest. The only way to get me out without it looking suspicious was to suggest that I come after you dumb asses, since I supposedly know your crappy personality so well.
Brooklyn Ann, Bite at First Sight|Rafe pulled Cassandra into his arms. "At first, I wanted my arm back to feel whole again and to not appear weak before my enemies. Now I only want it to hold you.
Anthony T. Hincks|Only poor people are corrupt. If you don't believe me, just go and ask a rich person.
Melody Jackson, The Dragon Within|The past marks on your slate only live on in your memory, if you allow them to remain. They can't affect your future if they're no longer there.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The key to every man is his thought. Sturdy and defying though he look, he has a helm which he obeys, which is the idea after which all his facts are classified. He can only be reformed by showing him a new idea which commands his own.
Tomoko Yamashita, 恋の話がしたい [Koi no Hanashi ga Shitai]|Somewhere on the world was the Emperor's palace, set amid one hundred square miles of natural soil, rainbowed with flowers.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Could an Olympian parent turn against his half-blood child? Would it sometimes be easier just to let them die? If there were ever any half-bloods who needed to worry about that, it was Thalia and me. I wondered if maybe I should've sent Poseidon that seashell pattern tie for Father's Day after all.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Let God direct your steps. The main reason why many steps fail is that people know God is an expert in directing steps, but they don’t want to give him the contract.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Redemption|Life is many things, but if you don't try to control it, it will take hold of you and ruin you.
Amit Kalantri|Think like magician, present like magician and perform like magician.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|This concern with the basic condition of freedom -- the absence of physical constraint -- is unquestionably necessary, but is not all that is necessary. It is perfectly possible for a man to be out of prison and yet not free -- to be under no physical constraint and yet to be a psychological captive, compelled to think, feel and act as the representatives of the national State, or of some private interest within the nation, want him to think, feel and act.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Start with a brand new good-morning. To your husband or your wife. To your kids. To those you work with - and don't work with. What's the harm? How difficult is it? And it isn't, and you know it. So do it.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|Are you a Christian? she said.I answered:I am a Christian, I am a Jew, I am a Catholic, I am Muslim.I am each and everyone of you, look into the mirror and you will see me,as i see you..
Christopher Moore|Science, you don't know, looks like magic.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|That scream left her mouth and entered my head, where it's been ever since, sometimes waking me up at night.
Suzanne Hayes, I'll Be Seeing You|New ideas leave the old ones shaking in their shoes, don't they?
Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved|How do we accomplish this matter of gathering life together in God? We must begin primarily by refocusing our attention keeping our minds and hearts directed toward God. The essence of the centered life is attention to God in all we think, say and do. It is the growing realization of His presence in our most down-to-earth living.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Sin is the handle by which I get Christ,...
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There are diverse styles of learning, problem solving, and a range of methodologies that a person can draw from in order to structure their thoughts or intentionally revise ingrained personal habits including both systematic and unsystematic approaches. Problems solving styles are reflective of personal differences in the manner that people prefer to position themselves in respect to the phenomena in the world and efficiently react to alterations in the external environment. Problem solving strategies encompass numerous variances in what manner a person approaches new concepts, how they manage their daily affairs, and respond effectively to new opportunities and complex challenges.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|Mother, why are you breaking your beautiful things?' I asked...'Because I love them so much.
Gautam Gambhir|I think a captain is someone who captains on the cricket field but, most of the leadership that happens is off the cricket field. It's very easy to captain people on the cricket field, but if you can start leading them off the cricket field, and show them that trust, what you have in them.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Out of one hundred random thoughts that pass through your mind, ninety-five are your brain's indirect responses (positive & negative) to what you believe others think of you.
Patricia Storace, The Book of Heaven: A Novel|Souraya thought those days that she knew so many songs about the misery of love because pain kept love within the boundaries of time, and knowable, whereas what she was experiencing passed beyond the horizon of birth and death; it was like the eternal life the prophets spoke of. A gesture, a kiss, a task, a sentence had a golden elemental endlessness, like the scenes in the murals painted in the island houses.
Nina D'Angelo, Nowhere to Run|They say in moments of great fear or desperation, a man will always make a choice—either to flee or face his enemy, but choice requires thought, and in the moment when you know for certain that death is stalking you with strides you cannot outrun, there is no time for thought. You do not choose. Like Betto, or Malchus, or Valens, you act, doing either one thing or the other.
Thomas Rhett|At the start of each week, I generally cook a box of quinoa, and while it's simmering, I saute onions, garlic and any veggies I have on hand in a separate pan. I season the vegetables with Spike, a seasoning blend my mom always used when I was growing up, or a little Bragg Liquid Aminos. I always add crushed red pepper and chopped fresh herbs.
Guy Kawasaki, The Art of the Start: The Time-Tested, Battle-Hardened Guide for Anyone Starting Anything|Successful entrepreneurship begins and ends with customer wants and needs, not what you want and need.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Careful! The kraken is wagging its tentacle, again.
Deyth Banger|... I want to feel alive... so I don't have any thoughts on so far to ending my life. I still like people's impressions and expressions, I can't stop do that moreover to watch that.... Interesting face... once upon a time a girl asked me "How do I feel"... I said "Not okay"... and that was all... - Pretty confusing!
Francis de Sales|If you have firm trust in God, the success that comes to you will always be that which is most useful for you whether it appears good or bad in your private judgment.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Among your farewells, see you soon, now I have no time and stormy silences, I met someone....that someone, is me.
E.J. Stevens|My heart, always so strong in the past, was like the fishnet stockings that clung to my legs—torn, shredded, and full of gaping holes.
Shlomo Sand, The Invention of the Jewish People|Liberals tend to view traditions, policies, and morals of past generations as arbitrary designs put in place by less enlightened people. Because of this, liberals don't pay much attention to why traditions developed or wonder about possible ramifications of their social engineering.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|Portia followed after, a smirk on her face, and Syc hissed as he passed.Donegan waited till they were gone, then swung round to Gracious."He hissed at me.""He hissed at you.""Should I hiss back?""It's a bit late.""He could still hear.""Not unless you run after him.""Do you think I should?""Probably not.""I think I should.""It'd be a bit weird.""You might be right." Donegan pursed his lips, then shook his fist at the doorway."That showed him," said Gracious.Donegan nodded. "He'll think twice about hissing at me again.
Lisa Unger, Beautiful Lies|It's strange how memory gets twisted and pulled like taffy in its retelling, how a single event can mean something different to everyone present.
Julia Roberts|The things that make me happiest in the whole world are going on the occasional picnic, either with my children or with my partner; big family gatherings; and being able to go to the grocery store - if I can get those things in, I'm doing good.
Melanie Rawn, The Ruins of Ambrai|If she could find a man who could feel and laugh as well as desire, she might even think about thinking about marriage.
Regina Brett|Giving kids whatever they ask for is disastrous parenting. There's no sense of something earned. I'm sorry, but when you're 12, you don't need a new cell phone every few months just because a new one comes out.
Ronald Rolheiser, The Holy Longing: The Search for a Christian Spirituality|Sharing is just like spending, we give or spend for others while hoping them to be happy and better. At this way we can accept and find in our hearts the happiness that we want.
Jill Soloway|I don't know what 'famous' is, really.
Denis Johnson, Angels|It was all right to be who he was, but others would probably think it was terrible. A couple of times in the past he'd reached this absolute zero of the truth, and without fear or bitterness he realized now that somewhere inside it there was a move he could make to change his life, to become another person, but he'd never be able to guess what it was.
D.M. Enslin, Wielding Crimson|Philip obliged, opening his left hand, palm upwards, and forcing his energy into the creation of an orb of light, formed, tangible, and alive. The small suns Philip could create out of nothing, were miniatures of the original, with molten plasma lying almost invisible at their cores, obscured by the bright rays of light emitted from them, making them seem harmless.
Alex Prud'Homme, My Life in France|What impressed me most was how hard [Julia Child] worked, how devoted she was to the "rules" of la cuisine française while keeping herself open to creative exploration, and how determined she was to persevere in the face of setbacks. Julia never lost her sense of wonder and inquisitiveness. She was, and is, a great inspiration.
Deepak Chopra|Today I want to belong. I want to feel safe and at home. I want to be aware of what it is like simply to be, without defenses or desires. I will appreciate the flow of life for what it is-my own true self. I will notice those moments of intimacy with myself, when I feel that “I am” is enough to sustain me forever. I will lie on the grass at one with nature, expanding until my being fades into the infinite.
Joshua Mohr, Termite Parade|As the new Adam, it might be said, his final act was to cast the Apple of Knowledge into the deep blue sea.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|He was driven to use the prerogatives of his profession, to act the parson.
Voltaire|Start from here, now is all you have, there will never be a better place or time and by tomorrow you would have lost more time.
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|True poetry is composed of metaphors and symbols which are born in the heart, rise like clouds, and assume a celestial form; verses formed otherwise are not poetry, but only artificial words, each of which contradicts the feelings inside. The utterances and words that have not been formed in a person’s soul as the voice of conscience are all hollow, no matter how embellished they are or how dazzling they seem to be.
Tom Morello|I'm not trying to pull the rug out from under anybody, but the music really does tell you where to go.
Elana Johnson, Elevated|I thought three minutes and twelve seconds would undo me. Now I’m trapped. I cannot survive in this elevator. Not with him, Not for much longer Another second.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The day you forget about the poors, you become the poorest of the poor!
Hock G. Tjoa, Agamemnon Must Die|One needs to be beyond love and above humanity to wield power, or so I sometimes think.
Jean Piaget|What interests me is whatever it is that allows the heart to continue to yearn for something the intelligence knows is impossible to have: a lost love, a shelter from life's blows, the return of a time past, even a connection to the dead.
Nick Cave|All of our days are numbered; we cannot afford to be idle. To act on a bad idea is better than to not act at all because the worth of the idea never becomes apparent until you do it. Sometimes this idea can be the smallest thing in the world, a little flame that you hunch over and cup with your hand and pray will not be extinguished by all the storm that howls about it. If you can hold on to that flame great things can be constructed around it that are massive and powerful and world changing – all held up by the tinniest of ideas.
Michael Holbrook, Dear You, Live! Love, Life|We are leashed by societal norms, defined by our willingness to conform, but limited only by our imagination.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|The only person you can fiercely hate is the person you have loved once fiercely, with your whole heart.
|If u are still alive and in your right senses, you are still destined to win greatly in life.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|Such is the imperfect nature of man! such spots are there on the disc of the clearest planet; and eyes like Miss Scatcherd's can only see those minute defects, and are blind to the full brightness of the orb.
Stuart Hill, The Cry of the Icemark|Everybody in my family believed in ghosts, and my grandma said it wasn't just bad people who turned into them, it was bad deeds too.
Claire Kent, Escorted|Here is a piece of advice. Never pay attention to what a man says when he comes. Anything might be blurted out at that moment, and it rarely means anything.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|I’ll admit, Jasnah, that I empathize with your skepticism, but I don’t agree with it. I just think you've been looking for God in the wrong plac
Bill Schutt|After drinking the blood I feel inches closer to death, but resolved to live. I've drunk blood. I can do anything. I'm the vampire girl. I crawl close to the fox and press myself against it. It's still warm. That's how sleep takes me, with blood on my face, holding close to the fading warmth.
Diane Duane, Deep Wizardry|They sang the words in unison, yet somehow created a web of sounds with their voices. It was like hearing a piece of fabric woven with all the colors of a rainbow. I did not know that such beauty could be formed by the human mouth. I had never heard harmony before.
Thomas Malory, Le Morte d'Arthur: King Arthur and the Legends of the Round Table|This funny thing happens when you graduate college. You hear so much about being an adult that you start to feel like you have to become a different person overnight, that growing up means being not you. And you concentrate so hard on living up to the term "adult" that you forget growing up happens by living, not by sheer force of will.
David Byrne, How Music Works|The mixtapes we made for ourselves were musical mirrors. The sadness, anger, or frustration you might be feeling at a given time could be encapsulated in the song selection. You made mixtapes that corresponded to emotional states, and they'd be avaliable to pop into the deck when each feeling needed reinforcing or soothing. The mixtape was your friend, your psychiatrist, and your solace.
John le Carré, Smiley's People|Metaphor, everything is sort of Metaphor of something else.
Katie Cotugno, How to Love|Do you miss her?I blinked. Did I what? This was my best friend since preschool we were talking 	about, 	the girl whose snack and math homework I’d shared since before I had 	memorized my 	own phone number, who’d buried her cold, annoying little feet 	underneath me 	during 	a thousand different movie nights and showed 	me how to use 	a tampon. She’d grown 	up in my kitchen, she was my shadow-	self—or I was hers— and Sawyer 	wanted 	to know if I missed her? What the hell kind of question was that?
Taylor Caldwell, Dear and Glorious Physician|If a nation has not God that nation must fall, but if a nation has God then all the powers of evil, and all the armies, cannot shake its foundations; no, not even if the whole world is arrayed against it.
Brian Celio|Sevro." I lean forward. "Your eyes..."He leans in close. "Do you like 'em?""Bloodydamn. Did you get Carved?""By the best in the business. Do you like 'em?""They're bloodydamn marvelous. Fit you like a glove."He punches his hands together. "Glad you said that. Cuz they're yours."I blanch. "What?""They're yours.""My what?""Your eyes!""My eyes...""Do you want the eyes back?" Sevro asks, suddenly worried. "I can give them back.""No!" I say. "It's just I forgot how crazy you are.""Oh." He laughs and slaps my shoulder. "Good. I thought it might be something serious. So I'm prime keeping them?""Finders keepers," I say with a shrug.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|Juan gave Bones the most admiring look he’d bestowed on him yet. “You talked her into going without panties all these years? Madre de Dios, now that’s impressive. I could learn a great deal from you, amigo.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|That's all you can do in this world, no matter how strong the current beats against you, or how heavy your burden, or how tragic your love story. You keep going.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|Until we can navigate in time, I'm not sure that we can prove that what happened is real.
Jeanette Winterson|I spin worlds where we could be together. I dream you. For me, imagination and desire are very close.
Arkady Strugatsky, Hard to Be a God|And no matter how much the gray people in power despise knowledge, they can’t do anything about historical objectivity; they can slow it down, but they can’t stop it. Despising and fearing knowledge, they will nonetheless inevitably decide to promote it in order to survive. Sooner or later they will be forced to allow universities and scientific societies, to create research centers, observatories, and laboratories, and thus to create a cadre of people of thought and knowledge: people who are completely beyond their control, people with a completely different psychology and with completely different needs. And these people cannot exist and certainly cannot function in the former atmosphere of low self-interest, banal preoccupations, dull self-satisfaction, and purely carnal needs. They need a new atmosphere— an atmosphere of comprehensive and inclusive learning, permeated with creative tension; they need writers, artists, composers— and the gray people in power are forced to make this concession too. The obstinate ones will be swept aside by their more cunning opponents in the struggle for power, but those who make this concession are, inevitably and paradoxically, digging their own graves against their will. For fatal to the ignorant egoists and fanatics is the growth of a full range of culture in the people— from research in the natural sciences to the ability to marvel at great music. And then comes the associated process of the broad intellectualization of society: an era in which grayness fights its last battles with a brutality that takes humanity back to the middle ages, loses these battles, and forever disappears as an actual force.
Compton Gage|The hidden time is an eternity that runs through every moment. It is all-time. The hidden time is a thread, and moments are the beads on the thread.
Frank O'Hara|Oh! kangaroos, sequins, chocolate sodas! / You really are beautiful! Pearls, / harmonicas, jujubes, aspirins!
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Oh, go ahead and giggle," Lady Danbury sighed. "I've found that the only way to avoid parental frustration is to view him as a source of amusement.
Adam Carolla|It is never too late to get into tennis! While I started playing at the age of 8 when my parents gave me a tennis racquet for Christmas, tennis is a lifelong sport that can be enjoyed by people of almost any age. It's also something you never forget once you learn.
Buffi Neal, Wonderfully Dysfunctional - It Must be Genetic|Sometimes when we’re standing at the edge, we don’t need anyone to talk us down...we just need a push.
Abhijit Naskar|Awakening into the God state makes all the perceptual limitations of the mind disappear, just like a bucket of muddy water turns crystal-clear once poured into the ocean.
Sam Hunt|Given the unprecedented ignorance of the Bible in contemporary America, it is likely that more young Americans will only know the Noah of 'Noah.' We can only hope that the film offers even a fraction of the wisdom of the original.
Ronald Reagan|Of the four wars in my lifetime, none came about because the U.S. was too strong.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|Everything was bright and white, even in the night.
Zach Sobiech|Try and make people happy, and you will make the world a better place.
Robin Rose Bennett, The Gift of Healing Herbs: Plant Medicines and Home Remedies for a Vibrantly Healthy Life|Unlike modern pills, these hard antimony pills didn’t dissolve in the intestines, and the pills were considered so valuable that people rooted through fecal matter to retrieve and reuse them. Some lucky families even passed down laxatives from father to son. Perhaps for this reason, antimony found heavy work as a medicine, although it’s actually toxic. Mozart probably died from taking too much to combat a severe fever.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|What? You don't think I'm perfect?" I can't resist, because he gets so riled whenever I bring it up. "I can run up to thirty miles without stopping. I can jump six feet in the air. There is not a material in this world sharp enough to pierce my skin. I cannot drown or suffocate. I am immune to every illness known to man. I have perfect memory. My senses are more acute that anyone else's. My reflexes rival those of a cat. I will never grow old" - my voice falls, all smugness gone -"and I will never die.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|They lurk in the cold and dark.Hungry and,wicked,they wait for their one chance to devour the weak on Sorry Night.Then the vours feast on a banquet of fear.Your fear.They steal your soul but your body remains.No one knows the difference.
Robert Wyatt|'m really proud of 'Sad, Sad World' because it manages to state a very complex paradox of an emotion that I experienced when I had children, which is this great happiness and this great intensity, but with that intensity comes a deeper understanding of the world.
Benedict Cumberbatch|It is true of the Nation, as of the individual, that the greatest doer must also be a great dreamer.
John Zakour, The Flaxen Femme Fatale|HARV appeared in front of me, arms crossed, head tilted. “You really should read your e-mails from Randy more carefully,” he lectured.“I skim them,” I protested.“Well, if you skimmed them more carefully you would know that prolonged exposure to stealth mode may lead to side effects.”“I can handle . . .”“Impotence.” HARV smiled.“Oh,” I said.“Randy hasn’t really tested it on humans. It’s extra tough to get volunteers for those types of experiments,” HARV said. “Though he has computer simulated it and the results tend to support this conclusion.”“Let’s try to limit our use of stealth mode from now on,” I said.
Fidel Castro|The intelligence community is governed by the same legal and ethical standards as the rest of American government and society, but an operational imperative is here, too. An intelligence community charged with global responsibilities cannot be successful without diversity of thought, culture and language.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Everything you desire is always just outside your comfort zone, dear boy. If it wasn't you would already possess it, would you not?
Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty|People in coats and ties were milling around the Talley gallery, and on the wall were the minimally rendered still lifes by Giorgio Morandi, most of them no bigger than a tea tray. Their thin browns, ashy grays, and muted blues made people speak softly to one another, as if a shouted word might curdle one of the paintings and ruin it. Bottles, carafes, and ceramic whatnots sat in his paintings like small animals huddling for warmth, and these shy pictures could easily hang next to a Picasso or Matisse without feeling inferior.
Mark Twain, The Gilded Age|You are constantly being trained to be heroic only in the service of your masters - only in slaughter and sacrifice and subjugation. But there is no heroism in serving your masters. Real heroism is questioning why you have masters at all.All these stories, all these fantasies, all these superpowers - are designed to steal heroism from you, to make it impossible, fantastical, remote, and unachievable - and make you useful to your masters (as a hit man, if needed). What is the opposite of this?The opposite of fantasy is philosophy. The opposite of mythology is integrity. And integrity is truth in action.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Your true being, as Consciousness, is ever at peace, ever at rest, eternally existing in the dimension of here and now. It is the formless and eternal quality within you that expresses itself through the world of form.
Isabel Allende, Island Beneath the Sea|i was really into communal living and we were all /such free spirits, crossing the country we were /nomads and artists and no one ever stopped / to think about how the one working class housemate / was whoring to support a gang of upper middle class / deadheads with trust fund safety nets and connecticut / childhoods, everyone was too busy processing their isms / to deal with non-issues like class....and it’s just so cool / how none of them have hang-ups about / sex work they’re all real / open-minded real / revolutionary you know / the legal definition of pimp is / one who lives off the earnings of / a prostitute, one or five or / eight and i’d love to stay and / eat some of the stir fry i’ve been cooking / for y’all but i’ve got to go fuck / this guy so we can all get stoned and / go for smoothies tomorrow, save me / some rice, ok?
Linda Tirado, Hand to Mouth: Living in Bootstrap America|I will never not be poor, so what does it matter if I don't pay a thing and a half this week instead of just one thing? It's not like the sacrifice will result in improved circumstances; the thing holding me back isn't that I blow five bucks at Wendy's. It's that now that I have proven that I am a Poor Person that is all that I am or ever will be. It is not worth it to me to live a bleak life devoid of small pleasures so that one day I can make a single large purchase. I will never have large pleasures to hold on to. There's a certain pull to live what bits of life you can while there's money in your pocket, because no matter how responsible you are you will be broke in three days anyway. When you never have enough money it ceases to have meaning. I imagine having a lot of it is the same thing.
A.L. Kennedy, Day|A good roast of sun, it slows you, lets you relax–and out here if there's anything wrong, you can see it coming with bags of time to do what's next. This is the place and the weather for peace, for the cultivation of a friendly mind.
Stan Rice, Singing Yet: New and Selected Poems|It wasn't just my beast's hunger, but Jean-Claude's blood thirst and Richard's craving for flesh. It was all that and the ardeur running through all of it, so that one hunger fed into the next in an endless chain, a snake eating it's own tail, an Ouroboros of desires.
Keith Haring, Keith Haring Journals|July 7, 1986: Montreux	It is only now that I realize the importance of a biography. I mean I always have realized that I enjoy to read (and have learned many things from) the biographies of artists whom I admire. It is probably my main source of education. In the beginning of my “career” (what an awful word) I was misled by a teacher who thought the things I was writing to be pretentious and self important. Years later, when I read those things I wrote in 1978, it didn’t seem so pretentious for almost everything I wrote about “wanting to do,” I actually did in the four or five years that followed.
James Rozoff|Well, there was a sort of bastard justice in his view of the case, and so I dropped the matter. When you can't cure a disaster by argument, what is the use to argue?
James luke|If you are wasting time , wasting money ....
Barack Obama|To all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Well, the way of paradoxes is the way of truth. To test reality we must see it on the tight rope. When the verities become acrobats, we can judge them.
Saji Ijiyemi|Taking action and doing, is one key to success. Keeping logistics in mind - enormous things are possible.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|She was the only antidote for the bleakness that lived inside of me. My goddess. My deity. I wasn’t a believer in any religion, but I’d make an exception in this case. I’d get down on my knees and worship at her alter every day if it brought her back to me.
Solomon Northup, Twelve Years a Slave|To refuse any bond of union between man and civil society, on the one hand, and God the Creator and consequently the supreme Law-giver, on the other, is plainly repugnant to the nature, not only of man, but of all created things; for, of necessity, all effects must in some proper way be connected with their cause; and it belongs to the perfection of every nature to contain itself within that sphere and grade which the order of nature has assigned to it, namely, that the lower should be subject and obedient to the higher.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you use a philosophy education well, you can get your foot in the door of any industry you please. Industries are like the blossoms on a tree while philosophy is the trunk - it holds the tree together, but it often goes unnoticed.
Selman Waksman|We are glad to tie up with a humanitarian organization, which is being promoted by Prince Abdul Aziz. This partnership will greatly help in assisting needy renal-failure patients by supplying them equipment, medicines and other medical supplies, while encouraging and supporting scientific research.
Nikki Rowe|She was a gypsy, as soon as you unravelled the many layers to her wild spirit she was on her next quest to discover her magic. She was relentless like that, the woman didn't need no body but an open road, a pen and a couple of sunsets.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, The Haunted Baronet And Others: Ghost Stories 1861-70|No one likes a straight road but the man who pays for it, or who, when he travels, is brute enough to wish to get to his journey's end.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|Christian discipleship is a decision to walk in his ways, steadily and firmly, and then finding that the way integrates all our interests, passions, and gifts, our human needs and eternal aspirations. It is the way of life we were created for.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Among our Potawatomi people, women are the Keepers of Water. We carry the sacred water to ceremonies and act on its behalf. “Women have a natural bond with water, because we are both life bearers,” my sister said. “We carry our babies in internal ponds and they come forth into the world on a wave of water. It is our responsibility to safeguard the water for all our relations.
|They might not like your uniqueness, but as long as you are happy with your inner-self, you should never dare to change your life to please them.
Lisel Mueller|Modernism in other arts brought extreme difficulty. In poetry, the characteristic difficulty imported under the name of modernism was obscurity. But obscurity could just as easily be a quality of metrical as of free verse.
ketan r shah|When you are angry, your blood pressure rises, you forget the basic norms of good behavior, you start shouting, you even use foul language and dig out all the past corpses of incidents afresh to ruin your future. So, choose to remain peaceful and stable --- whatever the situation.
Douglas Wilson, Angels in the Architecture: A Protestant Vision for Middle Earth|The crowd of influences streaming on the young soul is so great, the clods of barbarism and violence flung at him so strange and overwhelming, that an assumed stupidity is his only refuge.
A.S. Byatt, The Children's Book|I think, yes, a man and a woman can be good friends, but it isn't easy for them being as no one else will suppose that that is what they are. And then there's the problem of being different sexes. I think if they are good friends, then whatever else they are - or are not - is better.
Shawn Johnson|Like as the waves make towards the pebbl'd shore, so do our minutes, hasten to their end.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are going to speak out against injustice, if you are angry at ungodliness in the society, then you have the opposing force to contend against.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|People may ask "why do you laugh at simple things?" Tell them that why don't you? Life is too short to make it so miserable.
John Green, Paper Towns|I want to change my punctuation. I long for exclamation marks, but I'm drowning in ellipses.
Jimi Hendrix|It's time for a new National Anthem. America is divided into two definite divisions. The easy thing to cop out with is sayin' black and white. You can see a black person. But now to get down to the nitty-gritty, it's getting' to be old and young - not the age, but the way of thinking. Old and new, actually... because there's so many even older people that took half their lives to reach a certain point that little kids understand now.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|There were so many things Sebastian and I had to work out: we'd both been single for so long that blending our lives together wasn't going to be easy.I'd promised Sebastian we'd find a way. He deserved to be loved for everything he was. And for whatever crazy reason he had, he loved me, too.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|In Unity we can be enslaved, and in Unity we can also come together as individuals." Old Woman
Summer Daniels, Summer's Journey: Volume One - Losing Control|Perhaps I was being picky, but I really didn’t think being able to spell orgasm without being spotted a vowel was asking too much.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I'd developed an inability to demonstrate much negative emotion at all. It was another thing that made me seem like a dick - my stomach could be all oiled eels, and you would get nothing from my face and less from my words. It was a constant problem: too much control or no control at all.
Lyrical Treasure|There is something about loss and pain that opens the doors of wisdom in your heart, doors that would have remained locked for a whole lifetime.
Savannah Stuart, Power Unleashed|You look good in my shirt," he murmured.	The quiet words drew her gaze back to his face. "Then why do you look disappointed?"	His shoulders lifted slightly. "I was hoping you'd be wearing nothing.
Richie Norton|If time were to take on human form, would she be your taskmaster or freedom fighter?
Dada Bhagwan|If only one word of the ‘Gnani Purush’ [the enlightened one] is understood, then your welfare [that which liberates] is done.
Min Kim|If you listen to everybody, you will be nobody.
Vivek Thangaswamy|When I travel, people say ‘Yet another place in this world’. But I see ‘Another world inside every place I go
Debasish Mridha|We should bloom like a flower without reservation or restriction, but with all our energy, power, and great love for this world.
Erich Fromm|It is noteworthy that at a time when every religious sanction of authority has vanished, we live in a very authoritarian epoch.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|There is more than enough for everyone. Any idea of lack and so its experience comes from fear. Fear powers greed, which encourages people to save for later just for themselves.
Wenonah Hauter, Foodopoly: The Battle Over the Future of Food and Farming in America|What's on the inside, beneath that sugar? Is it a bug? Is it a booger?
George Burns|Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Caryll Houselander, The Flowering Tree|Soeur Marie Emelie"Soeur Marie Emelieis little and very old:her eyes are onyx,and her cheeks vermilion,her apron wide and kindand cobalt blue.She comfortsgenerations and generationsof children,who are "new"at the convent school.When they are eight,they are already up to her shoulder,they grow up and go into the world,she remains,forever,always incredibly old,but incredibly never older...She has an affinity with the hens,When a hen dies,she sits down on a bench and cries,she is the only grown-up, whose tears are not frightening tears.Children can weep without shame, at her side...Soeur Marie Emelie...her apron as wide and kindas skies on a summer dayand as clean and blue.
Kilroy J. Oldster|Civilization could not exist without tremors of desire and without the counteracting, negation force of disciplined denial. Nor would the gyratory pulsations of a lively civilization exist devoid of the convulsive chemistry of union and repellency. We are born with a desire to be immortal. Cursed with the knowledge that we must die, people live their orthodox lives out by displaying reckless abandon as to the outcome of human life or nervously hounded by utter despondency nipping their heels. How we resolve this decidedly human complex of carrying out our daily lives while burden by our inescapable mortality determines our essential character. The collation of similar values adopted by our community determines who we are as a people.
Bret Easton Ellis|I took it back: he didn't just hate himself down deep. He'd made plenty of room in there for me, too.
Jason Leclerc, Momentitiousness|I have been incapable of moving, even a finger or an eye, for at least a year now. I feel relatively certain about this timeframe because I have been watching the crepe myrtle outside the window of the room I am in...
Fola, The Seed|Creativity leads others to where I lead you, to an unseen beauty, so ineffable its very beauty destroys itself...
Don Marquis, Archyology : The Long Lost Tales of Archy and Mehitabel|With regard to ghosts, while we have never believed in them, we have always been afraid of them.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Jack Kennedy protected a mature and presidential image – tough, yet not unduly combative.
John Thomas Allen|A poet has to be a bit childlike at heart, and in that sense all the romantic stereotypes about poets being "eternal children", etc, are all accurate. They believe, whatever they may say, that art and words can change the world.
Ursula K. Le Guin|But what now if all the peace, the comfort, the contentment were to come to a horrible end?
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|Listen with an open mind, gather all the incoming information, both verbal and non-verbal and be careful not to ignore things you don’t wish to hear. Don’t make assumptions or jump to conclusions. The punchline usually comes at the end!
quotewriter|Sometimes, the only way out is all in.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|What on earth did you say to Isola? She stopped in on her way to pick up Pride and Prejudice and to berate me for never telling her about Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. Why hadn't she known there were better love stories around? Stories not riddled with ill-adjusted men, anguish, death and graveyards!
Randall Styers, Making Magic: Religion, Magic, and Science in the Modern World|while "freedom" from magic is certainly invoked as a constitutive element of modern modes of subjectivity, this freedom is purchased only at the price of potent new forms of social control and regimenta
Unknown|Finding someone who thinks you’re interesting enough to talk to you every day, whether they’re a friend or a lover, is one of the best feelings ever.
Jenny Zhang|I would love to have kids one day. In fact, I'm pretty good with them. I grew up with five half-siblings, the youngest of whom is 11 years younger than me, so I think I learned some pretty cool parenting skills quite early on in life.
Karen Marie Moning|It's hard to say what makes the mind piece things together in a sudden lightning flash. I've come to hold the human spirit in the highest regard. Like the body, it struggles to repair itself. As cells fight off infection and conquer illness, the spirit, too, has remarkable resilience. It knows when it is harmed, and it knows she the harm is too much to bear. If it deems the injury too great, the spirit cocoons the wound, in the same fashion that the body forms a cyst around infection, until the time comes that it can deal with it.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Roof of your house is not your real roof; the walls of your house are not your real walls, your fists are not your real fists! Your real roof, your real wall, your real fist, your real shield is your right thinking! It is your right thinking that protects you from every danger!
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the magic of life, it keeps us alive.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|The truth is that each of us fall short of loving unconditionally. We don't love others the way God loves us. Yet Jesus extended perfect love by living and dying for all of our sins. In spite of our failures, weaknesses, and selfishness, He sacrificed His own life so we could have eternal life.
Idries Shah, The Way of the Sufi|In the realm of Greater Understanding, the workshop is dismantled after the work is finished.
Eugen Herrigel, Zen in the Art of Archery|This exquisite state of unconcerned immersion in oneself is not, unfortunately, of long duration. It is liable to be disturbed from inside. As though sprung from nowhere, moods, feelings, desires, worries and even thoughts incontinently rise up, in a meaningless jumble.... The only successful way of rendering this disturbance inoperative is to keep on breathing quietly and unconcernedly, to enter into friendly relations with whatever appears on the scene, to accustom oneself to it, to look at it equably and at last grow weary of looking.
Doug Ducey|I'm a mom - I'm lucky if I get to shower in the morning. Luckily, nail polish stays on my toes. I've been so bad on the upkeep, though.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|So, the word wild here is not used in its modern pejorative sense, meaning out of control, but in its original sense, which means to live a natural life, one in which the criatura, creature, has innate integrity and healthy boundaries. These words, wild and woman, cause women to remember who they are and what they are about. They create a metaphor to describe the force which funds all females. They personify a force that women cannot live without.
Matthew Bellamy|Dying has a funny way of making you see people, the living and the dead, a little differently. Maybe that's just part of the grieving, or maybe the dead stand there and open our eyes a bit wider.
Henrik Fisker|The older Mercedes is absolutely beautiful. It's got that lovely purring feeling as the engine ticks over, which you just don't get in a modern car.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|So spake the Seraph Abdiel faithful found,Among the faithless, faithful only hee;Among innumerable false, unmov'd,Unshak'n, unseduc'd, unterrifi'dHis Loyaltie he kept, his Love, his Zeale;Nor number, nor example with him wroughtTo swerve from truth, or change his constant mindThough single. From amidst them forth he passd,Long way through hostile scorn, which he susteindSuperior, nor of violence fear'd aught;And with retorted scorn his back he turn'dOn those proud Towrs to swift destruction doom'd.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The human beings also passed canteens, which guards would fill with water. When food came in, the human beings were quiet and trusting and beautiful. They shared.
|If you still haven't given up, why not travel all the way through and receive your reward? But if you have already given up, today calls for you to courageously stand up with faith and get back in the game. The territory of victory is waiting on you.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|What do you want?""Just coffee. Black - like my soul.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Someone tells me I’ve been touched by Jesus, I remember.”“Not Jesus,” he said in all seriousness. “The hand of God.
Jessica McHugh|Finch was his own country, the government unstable, the population volatile.
C. JoyBell C.|The power of the Will in a man, is favoured by the Heavens. The man who sets his Heart and Word onto something, and says "I will" no matter what obstacle is placed in his way— joins the ranks of the demi-gods. All else remain in mortality and are soon forgotten.
Gerard Way|When adults say, "Teenagers think they are invincible" with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Begin to write, your heart will flow with sacred words.
John Barth, The Sot-Weed Factor|Ah, God, it were an easy Matter to choose a Calling hadone all Time to live in! I should be fifty Years aBarrister, fifty a Physician, fifty a Clergyman, fifty aSoldier! Aye, and fifty a Thief, and fifty a Judge! AllRoads are fine Roads, beloved Sister, none more thananother, so that with one Life to spend I am a Manbare-bumm'd at Taylors with Cash for but one pair ofBreeches, or a Scholar at Brookstalls with Money for asingle Book: to choose ten were no Trouble; to choose one,impossible! All Trades, all Crafts, all Professions arewondrous, but none is finer than the rest together. Icannot choose, sweet Anna: twixt Stools my Breech fallethto the Ground!
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|You can't change where you come from, but you can change where you go from here. Just like a book. If you don't like the ending, you can make up a new one.
Barry López, About This Life|In Galapagos, as elsewhere, things of the mind, including intellectual ramifications from evolutionary theory, and things of the spirit, like the feeling one gets from a Queen Anne’s lace of stars in the moonless Galapagean sky, struggle toward accommodation with an elementary desire for material comfort…because so many regard this archipelago as preeminently a terrain of the mind and spirit, a locus of biological thought and psychological rejuvenation. The sheer strength of Darwin’s insight into the development of biological life gently urges a visitor to be more than usually observant here- to notice, say, that while the thirteen Galapagean finches are all roughly the same hue, it is possible to separate them according to marked differences in the shapes of their bills and feeding habits.
N.Manoj|As human beings, our first commandment is:Something needs to happen
Debasish Mridha|Failure comes into our lives not to fail us, but it comes to make us wiser and stronger through the lessons of life.
Werley Nortreus|Ignorance,... wow sounds like you are now in it... so you came out here... so welcome to my club ignored!
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|He stops rocking the cage. "Oh, come on, Callie. It won't be fun if we don't rock it. In fact, the more we rock it, the better it'll feel." His voice drops to a deep whisper. "We can rock it nice and slow or really, really fast."..."Do I have your permission to rock away and give you the ride of your life?" Why does it feel like he's secretly talking dirty to me? "Yeah, go ahead, rock it nice and hard," I say without thinking, then bite down on my lip as the dirty section of my brain catches up with me. Honestly, I didn't even know that side existed.
Grace Burrowes, The Heir|I love you, he thought, because you are honest with me and because you are willing to speak the truth to me when others might seek to curry favor instead. I love you because you are in this bed with me, not trying to conceive the much-awaited next generation of Windhams, but just holding my hand.-- Gayle Windham
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|But God has also given us the power to forget, so that when the tragedy is over we carry on as normal.
Tony McCoy|Bare hands grip success better than kid gloves. Be thorough in all things, no matter how small or distasteful! The man who counts his hours and kicks about his salary is a self-elected failure.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|At this rate, we'll never get to the future.
David Duchovny|Certain people in the United States are driving nails into this structure of our relationship, then cutting off the heads. So the Soviets must use their teeth to pull them out.
Robert Bridges|Help us to be ever faithful gardeners of the spirit, who know that without darkness nothing comes to birth, and without light nothing flowers.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|We already have the Wooden Pillar, the Steel Pillar and the Plastic Pillar. In a moment we will have the Golden Bail....'No, you won't.'We will,' stated the robot simply.No, you won't. It makes my ship work.'In a moment,' repeated the robot patiently, 'we will have the Golden Bail....'You will not,' said Zaphod.And then we must go,' said the robot, in all seriousness, 'to a party.'Oh,' said Zaphod, startled, 'can I come?'No,' said the robot, 'we are going to shoot you.'Oh, yeah?' said Zaphod, waggling his gun.Yes,' said the robot, and they shot him.Zaphod was so surprised that they had to shoot him again before he fell down. (85-86)
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|I'm turning into an old man. I own four pairs of oxfords, my stories get a little long winded, and my neighbors play their music too loud.
S.J. Watson|I want to sleep. To find a safe place somewhere, and close my eyes, and rest, like an animal. That is what I am. An animal. Living from moment to moment, day to day, trying to make sense of the world in which I find myself.
Elizabeth Alexander, The Light of the World|Henry Ford believed the soul of a person is located in their last breath and so captured the last breath of his best friend Thomas Edison in a test tube and kept it evermore. It is on display at the Henry Ford Museum outside Detroit, like Galileo’s finger in the church of Santa Croce, but Edison’s last breath is an invisible relic.
Claire Garber, Love is a Thief|The more things you experience, the more you discover what you really like.The more you discover what you really like, the more you learn what you're really like.The more you learn what you're really like, the more you know what you really want. And why.Share what you want and help make "things" happen.
Joyce Carol Oates|Hip-hop, this thing we love that loves us back, is our lingua franca.
William Shakespeare|Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Rose Wynters, Phase One: Identify|He glanced at James before continuing. “If you're going to survive this, the first rule you need to learn is never count on anyone but yourself. Never. People make mistakes, and the zombies are fast. They don't need to sleep or eat anything but us. Don't leave your protection in the hands of someone else.
Colette, Earthly Paradise|The writer who loses his self-doubt, who gives way as he grows old to a sudden euphoria, to prolixity, should stop writing immediately: the time has come for him to lay aside his pen.
Elbert Hubbard, Little Journeys to the Homes of the Great Vol. 3: American Statesmen|You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Unarine Ramaru|Choose criticism wisely, it might help you improve some elements of what you do.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|But above all, above respect and esteem, there was a motive within her of good will which could not be overlooked. It was gratitude. -- Gratitude, not merely for having once loved her, but for loving her still well enough, to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations accompanying her rejection. He who, she had been persuaded, would avoid her as his greatest enemy, seemed, on this accidental meeting, most eager to preserve the acquaintance, and without any indelicate display of regard, or any peculiarity of manner, where their two selves only were concerned, was soliciting the good opinion of her friends, and bent on making her known to his sister.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Freedom from stress, freedom from anxiety, freedom from depression; freedom is autonomy from all that stagnates growth in this ever complex and noisy world. By the fear of being in the unknown, we often overlook and forget the serene view of being on the raft: the glowing virgin stars, the gentle ways that the waves moves, and the endless possibilities that exist under the sun. The fundamental principle of freedom is to be lost and our state of mind never differs too far from this analogy of being stranded in the middle of the ocean.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|The first time you share tea with a Balti, you are a stranger. The second time you take tea, you are an honored guest. The third time you share a cup of tea, you become family, and for our family, we are prepared to do anything, even die.
Eugène Ionesco, The Colonel's Photograph|I am sad when I think that the years go by like sacks that we mark "Returned Empty," sad when I think that we shall be separated from one another and from ourselves.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I tell you, the old-fashioned doctor who treated all diseases has completely disappeared, now there are only specialists, and they advertise all the time in the newspapers. If your nose hurts, they send you to Paris: there's a European specialist there, he treats noses. You go to Paris, he examines your nose: I can treat only your right nostril, he says, I don't treat left nostrils, it's not my specialty, but after me, go to Vienna, there's a separate specialist there who will finish treating your left nostril.
Susan Fox|Jonathan took her hand. “Christiana.”“Yes?” Her rosebud lips parted on an involuntary sigh, and his imagination got the better of his intellect. It took every ounce of control to not crush her . . . take her right then and there.“I shouldn’t have . . . .” He had no right to her. She had not given herself to him. He had yet to even ask, and he shouldn’t. Washington was unforgiving in many matters and getting involved with a nineteen year-old would prove fatal. He already tested the boundaries with his sexual proclivities.“No, please. Do it again.
lexis smigz|life is not about how fast you start,but how the end is going to be ,so don't worry when others are ahead of you.just keep on doing what you have been doing.
Joanne Harris, Runemarks|The severing of his limbs and subsequent cauterizing of the wounds was not the most pleasurable part, no." His mad grin stretched, it seemed, from ear to ear.
Jennifer Ashley, The Madness of Lord Ian Mackenzie|Human life is inherently dualistic. It consists of or is explicable as two fundamental entities, including rivalries between subject and object, mind and matter, and conflict between the benevolent and the malevolent forces. Opposition in the universe creates a dynamic living universe composed of good and evil, body and soul. Human thoughts and feelings are the communal products of the conscious and unconscious mind’s interpretation of a constant flow of coded and symbolic dialogue.
Hiro Mashima, フェアリーテイル 15 [Fearī Teiru 15]|My Heart is Bounding! I can fly anywhere as long as I'm with the Nakama I Love!!!"~Leevy
Samuel Beckett, Texts for Nothing and Other Shorter Prose 1950-1976|When there hasn't been anything there, nothing can be said to have vanished from the place where it has not been.("Out Of The Deep")
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|How do you visualize the success of those parts of the world falling under your leadership? What about the success of your organisation, your family and all the people related to the two institutions? How fulfilling are the results of this personal evaluation? What can you start doing about it, today?
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|She had never understood either of the men she had loved and so she had lost them both. Now, she had a fumbling knowledge that, had she ever understood Ashley, she would never have loved him; had she ever understood Rhett, she would never have lost him.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|That what?" "That I knew i misjudged you. That you love him. I'm not saying In what way. Maybe you don't know yourself. But anyone paying attention could see how much you care about him," he says gently.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Well, I must endure the presence of two or three caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies. It seems that they are very beautiful.And if not the butterflies– and the caterpillars– who will call upon me? You will be far away. . . as for the large animals– I am not at all afraid of any of them. I have my claws.”And, navely, she showed her four thorns. Then she added:“Don’t linger like this. You have decided to go away. Now go!”For she did not want him to see her crying. She was such a proud flower. . .
Corinne Duyvis, On the Edge of Gone|She unwinds her scarf, taking so long about it that I wonder if she expects me to respond. “You were following the rules,” I offer after a minute. It makes her words no more pleasant. Resentment. Was that how she’d looked at me? Then how am I supposed to trust how she looks at me now?My words elicit a thankful smile. “Mostly, though, I knew you could do the job. Did you ever know other autistic people?”I shake my head. I’d heard rumors about one teacher, but never asked him. Mom had encouraged me to find a local support group, but I’d never seen the appeal—or the need. It wouldn’t change anything. I had friends, anyway. Peopleonline, my fellow volunteers at the Way Station. I even got along with Iris’s friends.“Well, I did, and I feel like a fool for never recognizing your autism. I had autistic colleagues at the university. They were accommodated, and they thrived. One researcher came in earlier than everyone else and would stay the longest. I saw the same strengths in you once I knew to look for them. You’re punctual, you’re precise, you’re trustworthy. When you don’t know something, you either figure it out or you ask, and either way, you get it right. I wanted to give you the same chance my colleagues had, and that other Nassau passengers got. One of the doctors is autistic—did you know?” Els silences an incoming call. “Does that answer your question?
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|if the world is blaming you, if your not guiltythen you become the judge and do whats right even if it feels wrong, or people say its wrong
F. Scott Fitzgerald|There's only one thing in life more dangerous than a bad idea, and that's a good one.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Between lovers, betrayal is always the worst sin.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Schools are made for the average. The holes are all round, and whatever shape the pegs are they must wedge in somehow. One hasn't time to bother about anything but the average.
Arthur Koestler, Darkness at Noon|It may be considered folly by common opinion but this refusal to destroy life unnecessarily, this reverence for it, must become a deeply implanted part of his ethical standard.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|the man who is pure, and who dares, does all things.
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|Yes. And when a rake finally falls, he falls forever.
Shannon L. Alder|It is easier to tell a person what life is not, rather than to tell them what it is. A child understands weeds that grow from lack of attention, in a garden. However, it is hard to explain the wild flowers that one gardener calls weeds, and another considers beautiful ground cover.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Two hands cut down a few trees, but one matchstick clears a forest.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|The rule seemed to be that a great woman must either die unwed ... or find a still greater man to marry her. ... The great man, on the other hand, could marry where he liked, not being restricted to great women; indeed, it was often found sweet and commendable in him to choose a woman of no sort of greatness at all.
Lance Secretan|It's that preparation that goes into each week. We have a term: 'Trust your training, trust your teammate, and trust yourself.'
Aziz Ansari|Chauncy made a huge effort to control himself. “I had lunch at Maisie’s Diner.”“And?”“And what? It was the most revolting lunch it has been my misfortune to consume.”“And after?”“Diarrhea, of course.
Alicen Grey, Wolves and Other Nightmares|when we're done, I'll be where the night never stopscradling a bruise that's shaped like youwondering why sleep never came to mewondering how I still dreamed
Craig D. Lounsbrough|With God, the word ‘impossible’ is itself impossible.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|Gags die, humor doesn't.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|We see that the vast majority of our suffering is needless, and simply arises from the misidentification with our thinking mind.
Compton Gage|For like as the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea to his floods: even so they that dwell upon the earth may understand nothing but that which is upon the earth: and he that dwell above the heavens may only understand the things that are above the height of the heavens.
Nikola Tesla|What being a socialist means is... that you hold out... a vision of society where poverty is absolutely unnecessary, where international relations are not based on greed... but on cooperation... where human beings can own the means of production and work together rather than having to work as semi-slaves to other people who can hire and fire.
Brunonia Barry, The Lace Reader|There is lace in every living thing: the bare branches of winter, the patterns of clouds, the surface of water as it ripples in the breeze.... Even a wild dog's matted fur shows a lacy pattern if you look at it closely enough.
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Truth|I guess the higher up on the food chain you go, the admiration isn’t just for the hungry, but for the ones that go the extra mile to take a bite.
Stephen Dau, The Book of Jonas|Mine was still the stronger side. I was beloved by the soldiery, who generally care very little what god they serve so long as they are caressed by their king. (“The Story of Prince Alasi and the Princess Firouzkah”)
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist: A Graphic Novel|Because I don't live in either my past or my future. I'm interested only in the present. If you can concentrate always on the present, you'll be a happy man. You'll see that there is life in the desert, that there are stars in the heavens, and that tribesmen fight because they are part of the human race. Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we're living right now.
Philip Roth, I Married a Communist|How do you sell emptiness, vulnerability, and nonsuccess?
|Life is full of surprises; however, they are nothing to a mind that shelters positive beliefs.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|The achievement of the goal is only a stepping-stone to the next, bigger and better goal. It never stops.
Italo Calvino, Under the Jaguar Sun|I was living and dying in all the fibers of what is chewed and digested and in all the fibers that absorb the sun, consuming and digesting. Under the thatched arbor of a restaurant on a river-bank, where Olivia had waited for me, our teeth began to move slowly, with equal rhythm, and our eyes stared into each other's with the intensity of serpents'—serpents concentrated in the ecstasy of swallowing each other in turn, as we were aware, in our turn, of being swallowed by the serpent that digests us all, assimilated ceaselessly in the process of ingestion and digestion, in the universal cannibalism that leaves its imprint on every amorous relationship and erases the lines between our bodies and sopa de frijoles, huachinango a la vera cru-zana, and enchiladas.
Akshay Vasu|Darkness always causes fear and chaos inside us. We are always scared of losing ourselves somewhere inside there. But some of us get so much used to it that we start feeling peaceful in there and we start spending more time in it. One weird thing about darkness is, we meet ourselves there. Who are very different from what we are. And once we start speaking with them we become addicted to that kind of conversations. We fall in love with the same thing that we tried to run away from out whole life.
Stephen White, Private Practices|The only reason I haven't shot you yet is because he's the one who should get to do it," I say. "Stay away from him or I'll decide I no longer care.
Celia Rivenbark, Belle Weather: Mostly Sunny with a Chance of Scattered Hissy Fits|Shut up. Take down your pants. I'm going to mark you as mine."Nick squeaked and held onto his belt, fighting Damian for possession of it. "Here? Everyone will hear. They'll know!""I want them to know," Damian said, winning the wrestling match for the belt as was inevitable that he would."London!" Nick gasped. "London!"Damian stopped, his eyes clearing as he noticed how terrified Nick looked. After a long minute, he pulled him into a hug. "I'm sorry, baby. I didn't mean to scare you. I thought you'd like it.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Every agnostic has a minister, Mike. Otherwise, they's be atheists.
Ella Frank, Try|Careful tate, I'm already turned on, you know how hot I get when you're mean to me.
Anonymous|Through the heartfelt mercies of our God,  God's Sunrise will break in upon us,  Shining on those in the darkness,  those sitting in the shadow of death,  Then showing us the way, one foot at a time,  down the path of peace.
Edgardo Osorio|All the information you could want is constantly streaming at you like a runaway truck - books, newspaper stories, Web sites, apps, how-to videos, this article you're reading, even entire magazines devoted to single subjects like charcuterie or wedding cakes or pickles.
Auliq Ice|Given a choice, I would never want a life totally devoid of pain, but life is meaningless without some sadness.
Lauren Beukes, Zoo City|How does paying people more money make you more money?It works like this. The more you pay your workers, the more they spend. Remember, they're not just your workers- they're your consumers, too. The more they spend their extra cash on your products, the more your profits go up. Also, when employees have enough money that they don't have to live in constant fear of bankruptcy, they're able to focus more on their work- and be more productive. With fewer personal problems and less stress hanging over them, they'll lose less time at work, meaning more profits for you. Pay them enough to afford a late model car (i.e. one that works), and they'll rarely be late for work. And knowing that they'll be able to provide a better life for their children will not only give them a more positive attitude, it'll give them hope- and an incentive to do well for the company because the better the company does, the better they'll do.Of course, if you're like most corporations these days- announcing mass layoffs right after posting record profits- then you're already hemorrhaging the trust and confidence of your remaining workforce, and your employees are doing their jobs in a state of fear. Productivity will drop. That will hurt sales. You will suffer. Ask the people at Firestone: Ford has alleged that the tire company fired its longtime union employees, then brought in untrained scab workers who ended up making thousands of defective tires- and 203 dead customers later, Firestone is in the toilet.
|Whatever belief that doesn't make you happier, stronger, healthier or wiser, surely doesn't deserve to be sheltered in your mind.
Don DeLillo|It is the form that allows a writer the greatest opportunity to explore human experience...For that reason, reading a novel is potentially a significant act. Because there are so many varieties of human experience, so many kinds of interaction between humans, and so many ways of creating patterns in the novel that can’t be created in a short story, a play, a poem or a movie. The novel, simply, offers more opportunities for a reader to understand the world better, including the world of artistic creation. That sounds pretty grand, but I think it’s true.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|She drank the glass with breakfast and poured herself another. By the time she'd gotten Sean off to school (second grade) the edges had been taken off her thoughts and the world seemed as it should be: not too real, but real enough.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|It is not history. But I am beginning to wonder strongly what is the nature of history. Is it only memory in decent sentences, and if so, how reliable is it? I would suggest, not very. And that therefore most truth and fact offered by these syntactical means is treacherous and unreliable. And yet I recognise that we live our lives, and even keep our sanity, by the lights of this treachery and this unreliability, just as we build our love of country on these paper worlds of misapprehension and untruth. Perhaps this is our nature, and perhaps unaccountably it is part of our glory as a creature, that we can build our best and most permanent buildings on foundations of utter dust.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|Making excuses as to why you cannot do something based on what you don't have, or what hasn't happened yet, only serves to hold you back even further. WAIT FOR NOTHING & NO-ONE.
Zoë Marriott, Shadows on the Moon|People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there
Leonard Cohen|A teacher I once had told me that the older you get, the lonelier you become and the deeper the love you need. Loneliness creates an appetite for deeper love, and the entire predicament deepens. And as a result of suffering, your capacity to love deeply increases.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|He said, one time, that no true leader burdened his followers with a greater load than they could carry, and no true leader sets too fast a pace for his follows to keep up.
Kate Griffin, The Midnight Mayor|No, by God, he had no intention of going on like a blind man, plodding down a path of brainless, fruitless existence until old age or accident took him. Either he found the answer or he ditched the whole mess, life included.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Supplication is to implore God for mercy and compassion, to have pity upon you or to grant you the request given and expect that He will do it.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|With every dream and with every love, you will have to die and be reborn, to leave the known behind and surrender to the mystery.
Mahrukh|Look how far we have come;then the fight was to save the libraries, to save knowledge and today the fight is to save the weapons, to save power.
Gabrielle Giffords|When I took command in Vietnam, I gave great emphasis to food and medical care - and to the mail.
David Nicholls|Afterward, there was some debate as to whether we'd actually "done it properly," which gives you some idea of the awesome skill and artful dexterity of my lovemaking technique.
Victoria June|Many often errors lead to discoveries, but our fantasies and limitations are tested by blunders!
Elizabeth I, Letters|The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.
Kahlil Gibran|You think you want me now. But you'll change. Someday you'll find it damned easy to forget about me. I'm a bastard. A servant, and not even an upper servant at that--""You're the other half of me." (Again The Magic)
Kay Ryan|The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets.
Eileen Anglin|When you learn to love yourself, you teach those around to love themselves. And that will be what changes our world.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Nevertheless, by dint of his personality and controlling instincts, Jobs was soon playing a stronger role. He spewed out a stream of ideas - some reasonable, others wacky - about what Pixar's hardware and software could become. And on his occasional visits to the PIxar offices, he was an inspiring presence. "I grew up a Southern Baptist, and we had revival meetings with mesmerizing but corrupt preachers," recounted Alvy Ray Smith. "Steve's got it: the power of the tongue and the web of words that catches people up. We were aware of this when we had board meetings, so we developed signals - nose scratching or ear tugs - for when someone had been caught up in Steve's distortion field and he needed to be tugged back to reality.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|Seeking nothing, emulating nothing, breathing gently, he moved in an atmosphere of imperishable calm, impresihable light, inviolable peace.
Katherine J Walden|Perhaps the Lord has warned you that areas of your life that will harm you if you don't do something about it. Perhaps you have tried to barricade yourself from temptation or sinful habits by avoiding the issue. What you can't see won't hurt you, or so you try to convince yourself. Perhaps you've tried to resist temptation through sheer willpower and positive confession. You've discovered how flimsy your self-defense strategy is. Look around; the Lord has provided a way of escape. Walk through it into the light.
James Rozoff|Art is the medium through which new thoughts, perspectives, and attitudes are brought into the world.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|If we lived close to nature in an agricultural society, the seasons as metaphor and fact would continually frame our lives. But the master metaphor of our era does not come from agriculture - it comes from manufacturing. We do not believe that we 'grow' our lives - we believe that we 'make' them. Just listen to how we use the word in everyday speech: we make time, make friends, make meaning, make money, make a living, make love.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He looked at me, and then looked away quickly.But I could tell he was interested.I think my tight t-shirt might have had something to do with it. And the way I was pushing my breasts towards him, with an inviting smile on my face.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Yoga and meditation help us to achieve physical health, emotional balance, more connected relationships, and a more satisfying life. But to measure spiritual practice by these benefits is to miss the point entirely. The truemeasure of our practice is how we respond to life when we fall short of these things—when the body falls ill or the heart breaks.
|What is the essence of having a mind, but yet living through the opinions of others?
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Stranger|The truth echoed in her head. On the same day she met him, he had tried to kill her.	Her mate.
George Chakiris|Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.
Shannon L. Alder|A writer paradoxically seeks the truth and tells lies every step of the way. It's a lie if you make something up. But you make it up in the name of the truth, and then you give your heart to expressing it clearly.
K.R. Grace|Do we use thoughts as a medium to convey our emotions, or use our emotions to convey thoughts!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I can't change you and you can't change me, but together we can work to change the world.
Jules Renard|If you are afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Judaism, for example, presents itself as monotheistic and retrofits that claim on its history by revising its lore. But in ancient times, Judaism was much more accurately Henotheism, wherein people (particularly common folk) worshipped a principal god while accepting the existence of other deities, or Monolatrism, where many gods were acknowledged, but only one worshipped.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Shadows in the Silence|Is the love you have for me, and the feelings I have for you forever parallel, with no chance of intersecting?
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|How do we reconcile the imperfections of feminism with all the good it can do? In truth, feminism is flawed because it is a movement powered by people and people are inherently flawed. For whatever reason, we hold feminism to an unreasonable standard where the movement must be everything we want and must always make the best choices. When feminism falls short of our expectations, we decide the problem is with feminism rather than with the flawed people who act in the name of the movement.
Anchee Min|Whenever I run into prejudice. I smile and feel sorry for them, and I say to myself, There's one more argument for birth control.
Nuruddin Ushawu|Many people will fight you, not because you are wrong, but because you are different.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Don't be afraid to bite on a giant, learn from the mosquito
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|No tricks, no tools, but talent makes a task truly top class.
Ashley Jeffery, Released Lilith: Part 2|I prefer not to call them demons. It demeans their nature. "But isn't that what they are?""We should pity them more than fear them Alfred. They were angels once.""Yea, but didn't you say they rebelled against God? They got what they deserved.""Perhaps." He sighed. "Yet do we not all hope and pray that we ourselves escape that we truly deserve? None have fallen as far or as irrevocably as the outcasts of heaven. Did you not find them beautiful." "...They have gazed upon the very face of God, the face they will see no more for all eternity-and so I pity them. Even as I envy them for having seen it.
Robin Bielman, Risky Surrender|He took in the bubbles covering her and smiled. "I think that's enough.""Enough?""To get me clean." Taking one step forward, he slipped and slided up and down the length of her body.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 4th Movement|...we take care not to touch each other in public, nor do we look into each other's eyes except furtively, because Ivan must first wash my eyes with his own, removing the images which landed on my retina before his arrival.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|My Mistake - i trusted My fault - i believed My Bad - i open my heart My Muff - i was honest My Lapse - i was caring Good People of today's world do not have all that things.So if someone have .surly deserve Punishment ,Betrayal , cheating and wounds on Heart and Soul
Seema Brain Openers|No matter what is your name, gender, race and nationality, you too are fully capable in turning your dreams into realities.
RVM|Don't be so busy making a living that you forget to enjoy your Life. Today, make a commitment to Enjoy Life.
Meghan Markle|Mom cooked a lot of turkey when I was growing up. Turkey meatloaf, turkey burgers, ground turkey shepherd's pie - my childhood was the Bubba Gump of turkey. You'd think I would be sick of it, but when I find gems like Gwyneth Paltrow's turkey meatball recipe, it's as though the fowl is no longer foul to me.
Rick Gekoski, Darke|Reading exposes is to the experiences and minds of others, makes us challenge our own provinciality, deepens and widens who we are and what we can become.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The key in letting go is practice. Each time we let go, we disentangle ourselves from our expectations and begin to experience things as they are.
Paul Gallico, Honorable Cat|Some of them stole off to those cryptical realms which are known only to cats and which villagers say are on the moon's dark side, whither the cats leap from tall housetops; but one small black kitten crept upstairs and sprang in Carter's lap to purr and play, and curled up near his feet when he lay down at last on the little couch whose pillows were stuffed with fragrant drowsy herbs.
John  Adams, Letters of John Adams, Addressed to His Wife|The science of government it is my duty to study, more than all other sciences; the arts of legislation and administration and negotiation ought to take the place of, indeed exclude, in a manner, all other arts. I must study politics and war, that our sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. Our sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history and naval architecture, navigation, commerce and agriculture in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry and porcelain.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|He is a cat, Miss Lancaster. Asking him such questions is an exercise in futility.
pavankumar nagaraj|If someone is angry with you, it has a reason. To know just put yourself in the same condition and at the place of that one and talk the same arguments
Jay Danzie|When you lay down with neglect & sleep around with excuses, you wake up with failure...When you marry your goals & remain intimate with your vision, you'll give birth to your dreams.
Sierra Donovan, Do Not Open 'Til Christmas|Do you want to play a game?” he asks, his tone rich and dark and sensuous like his chocolate. Every atom in me stands at attention. “What kind of game?”“We’ll call it ‘Sir Says’. The rules are very simple—I give you a command. . . and you obey.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|I've been dealing with physical pain these past few days and here is one of the things it has made me realize: a lot of times we find ourselves in situations, and the mindset that got you into the situation cannot be the mindset that frees you from the situation. Whether it is physical pain or emotional pain - you've got to see yourself beyond the pain. See yourself healthy and healed in the midst of the pain. By His Stripes...
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|I can't help seeing a cage for what it is. Sure, it protects the bulb, but maybe if people weren't so careless, then nothing would need to be caged.
Troy Soos, Murder at Fenway Park|Youth is feeling seventy years old, misanthropic, and ready to die at fifteen
Isaac Marion|Truth be told, I'm not an easy man. I can be an entertaining one, though it's been my experience that most people don't want to be entertained. They want to be comforted.
Thomas F. Torrance, Space, Time, And Resurrection|For truly barren is profane education, which is always in labor but never gives birth. For what fruit worthy of such pangs does philosophy show for being so long in labor? Do not all who are full of wind and never come to term miscarry before they come to the light of the knowledge of God, although they could as well become men if they were not altogether hidden in the womb of barren wisdom?
Ian Tattersall|For over a century, an evolving microcosm of Anthropology’s turbulent history has hidden behind the staid façade of the American Museum of Natural History. From an insider’s perspective, the well-known ethnologist Stan Freed engagingly introduces us to an amazing cast of explorers, eccentrics, idealists, pranksters and forbidding intellectual - an unlikely mix that played a key role in establishing the science of Anthropology as we know it today.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Time machines, magic portals, transporters, worm holes, flying carpets, relocation charms—such things do exist. They're called books.
Paul Hawken|Beginning under the Roman Empire, intellectual leadership in the West had been provided by Christianity. In the middle ages, who invented the first universities - in Paris, Oxford, Cambridge? The church.
Ayn Rand|If you plan to be happy, you will find at least one reason to be happy. Real happiness is never accidental. Discover happiness on your terms.
Reyna Pryde, Unique: A New Breed|...A mirror can trick you day by day into thinking you remain looking and existing in one way forever. But a photograph presents you with the truth: it freezes you eternally, existing as a reminder that you can never, ever go back to any one moment again- that you are always changing, hour by hour, cell by cell, in tiny fragments that build skyscrapers overnight.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|Looked at again and again half consciously by a mind thinking of something else, any object mixes itself so profoundly with the stuff of thought that it loses its actual form and recomposes itself a little differently in an ideal shape which haunts the brain when we least expect it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I see you’re hurting, I want to wipe it away. When I see you doubting yourself, I want to give you the best damned pep talk in history. When you cry, I want to make you smile. When you laugh, I want to make you laugh harder. When you moan in my arms, I want to make you dissolve into a puddle. When you’re insecure about how I feel about you, I want to replace that with a proclamation that I love you so hard that I never want you to question us again.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|I've never been high. Writing is my drug of choice. You don't ever have to come down from that kind of high, I tell ya. And, best part is, it's free.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|If you stay on this path as long as I have, you’ll soon learn that the road to providence leads right through perdition. And along that road, the devil’s waiting to collect his pound of flesh.
India Drummond, Azuri Fae|When I was her age," Munro said to Eilidh, "I was chasing frogs."Oron Chuckled. "When I was your age, I was chasing frogs. Come. We have things to discuss.
The Mother|The path is long, but self-surrender makes it short; the way is difficult, but perfect trust makes it easy.
Kimberly Raye, Dead and Dateless|There are twenty-five thousand, six hundred and twelve things you don't know about me. I'll tell you one each day.""That means it will take you seventy-plus years to know everything about me. When I turn one hundred, that will be the last one. Though I expect by then you'll know the very first and very last thing you need to know about me, the only one that matters." ~ Jon Forte
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Nina, you taught me to be something better. They could be taught, too.
The Monster Pyro|And The Monster Said "Yes But No Being That Can Cause Such Destruction Without Remorse Can Consider Itself A Person
Anna Jarzab, The Opposite of Hallelujah|I keep telling myself that, and most of the time I believe it.
Shirley Tallman, Murder on Nob Hill|I find it strange that practicing law in a comfortable well-heated office is considered too demanding an occupation for women, yet laboring from dawn's first light in crowded, drafty, ill-lit sweatshops is not.
Jeffrey Tucker|This is the history of governments, - one man does something which is to bind another. A man who cannot be acquainted with me, taxes me; looking from afar at me, ordains that a part of my labour shall go to this or that whimsical end, not as I, but as he happens to fancy. Behold the consequence. Of all debts, men are least willing to pay the taxes. What a satire is this on government! Everywhere they think they get their money's worth, except for these. Hence, the less government we have, the better, - the fewer laws, and the less confided power. The antidote to this abuse of formal Government, is, the influence of private character, the growth of the Individual; the appearance of the principal to supersede the proxy; the appearance of the wise man, of whom the existing government, is, it must be owned, but a shabby imitation. That which all things tend to educe, which freedom, cultivation, intercourse, revolutions, go to form and deliver, is character; that is the end of nature, to reach unto this coronation of her king. To educate the wise man, the State exists; and with the appearance of the wise man, the State expires. The appearance of character makes the State unnecessary. The wise man is the State. He needs no army, fort, or navy, - he loves men too well; no bribe, or feast, or palace, to draw friends to him; no vantage ground, no favourable circumstance. He needs no library, for he has not done thinking; no church, for he is a prophet; no statute book, for he has the lawgiver; no money, for he is value; no road, for he is at home where he is; no experience, for the life of the creator shoots through him, and looks from his eyes. He has no personal friends, for he who has the spell to draw the prayer and piety of all men unto him, needs not husband and educate a few, to share with him a select and poetic life. His relation to men is angelic; his memory is myrrh to them; his presence, frankincense and flowers.
Geraldine Brooks, Year of Wonders|Must I wonder if your thoughts are of me? If you are missing me, wanting me, creating heart beats and poet-less words for me? [ i do…]
Suzanne Steele|Eventually you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is.
Robert Goolrick, The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life|If you had one day left to live, what would you do?
J.R. Hardesty, The Last Giant: Transgression, Part 1|The thing about alcohol, though non-drinkers, non-alcoholics and reformed alcoholics may falsely dispute this, is that each day, or night on booze, is a different journey, the destination being a mystery, but quite possibly the final one.
Michael Kelly|One of the things that has been truly incredible to observe though, is the amount of venture investment that has gone into early stage security technology.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|Marriage is meant to keep people together not just when things are good, but particularly when they are not. That's why we take marriage vows - not wishes
Stephen Jay Gould|I don't find it uncomfortable that I'm recognized and liked by so many people. If that were hard for me, I wouldn't be doing this work. Rather, I think I'd be more sad when a day come when people don't recognize me.
Malorie Blackman, Checkmate|You remind me of a boy I used to knowSame Smile, same easy, laid-back styleAnd man, could he kissBlew my mind the very first timeHis lips touched mine.You remind me You remind me of a boy I used to like.Same eyes, strong arms, same open mindAnd man, could he danceArms around me, lost in a tranceI'd hear his heartYou remind meI'm scared of youHow did you find me?Turn and walk away'Cause you remind meYou remind me of a boy I used to loveSame laughter and tears, shared through the years And man, how he feltMade my bones more than meltHe touched my soul.You remind meI'm scared of youHow did you find me?Turn and walk away'Cause you remind me
Peter   Graham|I will erase this world of yours with such magnificence of my presence that your vision will remain no more, your eyes fading to darkness and your soul barren before me, in my grasp that I shall corrupt to a slave of mine.
Carl Rogers|As I get older, I want to draw on my experience to make roles better. I see that in the older women who inspire me - their experience makes them better.
Stephanie Lahart|Who told you it was too late? And more importantly, why did you choose to believe them?
Christine Feehan, Turbulent Sea|She didn't know how to love, to give herself to someone, to out herself in someone else's keeping and take him into hers. She didn't trust anyone with her heart - or the darker places of her soul.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|What some politicians really mean when they saythis country: me, my party, my ethnic groupinternational justice is biased: they want to arrest meterrorists: oppositionillegal immigrants: refugeeselections: remaining in powerpeace: eliminating the oppositioninternational community: the rich countriesthe people: sympathisers of my party
Dr. Karan M Pai|He failed!! I think He has failed ever for the first time in knowing a person, analyzing their feelings. Just realized that He was living in a hallucination that, even she likes me and is attached to me which was false.. I never analysed anybody wrong till date dont know how it happened this very first time. When ever his calls were ignored He always thought she is busy or with ppl where she could not talk but realizing it now that if he mattered the calls would have returned back. Which did not happen. When ever his texts got only smileys or hmmm..!! Response he should have understood that he is going into a place where he won't be returned with love. Ok let me wear her shoes n think!! Is it all about you always? Don't you need anybody to love you? Don't u want somebody in life with whom u can get lost in the shore of silence? Yes? Then why are being so not interested? When he is putting so much effort n time? Why do u think he is doing that? What has he seen in u? Do u think he is a waste n has not seen ladies till date? Do u know the pain of being away from you just cuz if he is close to you, he may keep annoying he kept himself away. Whose day doesn't start with out u n whose night doesn't drown with out u is like this. He is lost in your thoughts but has the strong will not to disturb you. He is not desperate but he craves for love and attention that's it. He never stalked you nothing. Yes he is aggressive band active when it comes to u. And it's only for you. The person who has like entire world on his head of pressure can only think about u? Be he does. I know the response too for this msg.. that's Hmmm..!!, loving someone is not a big deal but having loved someone is definitely a big deal. Anyways he is missing you crazily. This is just for you to know that he failed.
William Wordsworth, The Prelude|YOU SAY "POET" LIKE THAT MEANS SOMETHING.
Thomas Bradwardine|It is mathematics which reveals every genuine truth, for it knows every hidden secret, and bears the key to every subtlety of letters; whoever then has the effrontery to study physics while neglecting mathematics, should know from the start that he will never make his entry into the portals of wisdom.
David Lynch, Catching the Big Fish: Meditation, Consciousness, and Creativity|You can understand conflict, but you don'thave to live in it.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|Has there ever been a night where you didn’t feel safe? Maybe you felt you were being watched? Or you couldn’t close your eyes for fear of the unknown? If, for only a moment, you let your guard down and hear a sound—unidentified and quiet—maybe it was all in your head.Never let your guard down.
David Lodge, Small World|to read is to surrender oneself to an endless displacement of curiosity and desire from one sentence to another, from one action to another, from one level of a text to another. The text unveils itself before us, but never allows itself to be possessed; and instead of trying to possess it we should take pleasure in its teasing
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Fake friends; those who only drill holes under your boat to get it leaking; those who discredit your ambitions and those who pretend they love you, but behind their backs they know they are in to destroy your legacies.
Dave Horowitz|Research" is a wonderful word for writers. It serves as excuse for EVERYTHING
Lee Myung-bak|Therapy is not to 'talk about' things, but to change the person's life, and to relieve suffering, such as depression, anxiety, or relationship problems.
Damien Hirst|So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is always easy to create an ordinary city; what is difficult is to create an extraordinary one, peaceful and restful one, smart and tidy, artful and cultivated one, in short, a livable one! And Zurich is such a city!
Nikki Rowe|She was a rule breaker, never settling her fierce spirit for things built of structure.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|I worked on Mauna Kea for over five years and saw my health severely degrade during that time. Thetwo long term summit workers that I knew well died of disease conditions, another worker went on tocommit suicide, and others were argumentative.
Adam Braun|For generations, America has served as a beacon of hope and freedom for those outside her borders, and as a land of limitless opportunity for those risking everything to seek a better life. Their talents and contributions have continued to enrich our country.
Daniel Ionson|Writing is a solitary occupation, except for Presidential speeches and sitcoms.
Marino Baccarini|In every moment of our life, we can deactivate the self-destruction command.
Debasish Mridha|If you fall into troubles, it is not that you did something wrong. It is because the universe wants to prepare you for a better life by making you strong.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Is this not the very thing that drives an adventurous man to navigate uncharted oceans, to traverse continents and mountains, to pilot virgin estuaries and hidden coves—this promise of inscribing a name steadfast upon what he finds? There are few parcels of earth left to be claimed; yet even as the known world shrinks, the heavens grow ever more infinite. An explorer of the skies need never leave his home or fret over the swiftness of other expeditions; he might give whatever name he chooses to any new thing that wanders into his view.
John Steinbeck|I made a lot of mistakes, one of them was to promise. I must stop promise, the promise is like something which you in everytime in any case you must do what you said you will do! - That's why I hate it!
David Urso|Why just order a pizza, when you can get a restraining order for the delivery guys, make them come to you, sue them, and get all the profit?
Shūichi Yoshida, Villain|When Olivier had been taken away Gamache had sat back down and stared at the sack. what could be worse than Chaos, Despair, War?What would even the Mountain flee from? Gamache had given it a lot of thought.What haunted people even, perhaps especially, on their deathbed? What chased them, tortured them and brought some of them to their knees? And Gamache thought he had the answer.Regret. Regret for things said, for things done, and not done. Regret for the people they might have been. And failed to be.Finally, when he was alone, the Chief Inspector had opened the sack and looking inside had realize he'd been wrong. The worst thing of all wasn't regret.
Zadie Smith|As an umbrella term, we should think about social media and mobile behavior as it’s related to psychology, anthropology, communication, economics, human geography, ethnography, et al. After all, everything comes down to people.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Whenever a group produces murderers, the early parental relationship must have been abusive and neglectful. Yet this elementary truth has not even begun to be considered in historical research; just stating that poor mothering lies behind wars seems blasphemous.
Henry James, Roderick Hudson|He smiled, and suddenly she knew that his words were true. Everything would be all right. Maybe not today and maybe not tomorrow, but soon. Tragedy couldn't coexist in a world with one of Colin's smiles.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Pippin glanced in some wonder at the face now close beside his own, for the sound of that laugh had been gay and merry. Yet in the wizard's face he saw at first only lines of care and sorrow; though as he looked more intently he perceived that under all there was a great joy: a fountain of mirth enough to set a kingdom laughing, were it to gush forth.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|Love is not an exclusive relationship with another person; love is the quality that arises when we are in contact with our inner being, with our authentic self, with the meditative quality within, with the inner silence and emptiness. This inner emptiness is experienced by others and is expressed on the outside as love. This love is not addressed to a specific person; it is a presence and quality that surrounds a person like a fragrance.
Henry Miller|Her loving hands, soft lips, and perfumed scents were an addiction for which he had no cure.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|Disagreements over money are the biggest cause of divorce."She waved her hand. "Absolutely no problem. Your money is our money. My money is my money." She wrote away."I should make you negotiate with Phoebe.
David Bentley Hart, The Beauty of the Infinite: The Aesthetics of Christian Truth|God's pleasure--the beauty creation possesses in his regard--underlies the distinct being of creation, and so beauty is the first and truest word concerning all that appears within being; beauty is the showing of what is; God looked upon what he had wrought and saw that it was good.
Hubert Martin|I wanted nothing more than her attention. Her thoughts filled with me. Her eyes lost in my image. I wanted her so badly I didn't even realize I lost myself in the process. Now, when I look in the mirror, I only see her... where is me?
Anonymous|If you help someones bank account rise But you can't help their heart feel... Really, what is your value?
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Manuel adapted well to the Puerto Rican culture and its African and Taíno Indian influences, which permeated into the local language. Taíno words such as tabaco (tobacco), barbacoa (barbecue), canoa (canoe), and hamaca (hammock) remain in use today in Spanish, English and other world languages. Also, the word cigar or cigarro is derived from the Taíno word sik’ar, a Taíno gathering or festival where tobacco played a main role.
J.L. Bond|I assure you, I've come to one of those natural breaks in the book, where one can walk away and let things go on working in the subconscious. It's true, don't look so unbelieving. It means I can afford to tear myself away from my view of the pigsties and go out on parole, as much as I like and you'll put up with.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|You must be wondering how anyone could choose the left path and sacrifice their children. But it's not that simple, my dear, because when you decide to take the second path you never allow yourself to see reality as it is, without excuses. You tell yourself that if you don't pursue your own happiness, they'll suffer too; that you have a right to be happy and you only get one life; that it'll be better for them, they're young, they'll get over it. But the truth is, you make a choice and there is always a price to pay.
A.S. Byatt|What have I done?" he asked, his voice raw. "You used to be such a sane, sensible lady.""You took me on a journey into my own heart.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You can’t do everything, so pick what is important and focus on that relentlessly.
Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus|There are no mirrors of any kind in here. If there were, I’d want to smash them, but I wouldn’t. Instead, I’d probably just stare at them, giving myself negative affirmations.
Anonymous|When we don’t care about what our government is doing, we are also saying to the next generation that we are not interested in the possible burdens that we are passing on to them.
Tara Brach, True Refuge: Finding Peace and Freedom in Your Own Awakened Heart|Watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Being mindful of your body movement, facial expressions, voice tone, gestures, orientation, postures, and touch will help you project personal excellence for transforming your communications with others.
J.D. Mader|Author visits are a fun way to engage kids, and encourage reading!
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|A longing for the extraordinary had grabbed ahold of her and was burning her up inside, so hot and fierce that her heart had gone stone cold toward everything and everybody standing in her way. That was Mama. Fire and ice.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A waterfall cannot be silent, just as the wisdom! When they speak, the voice of power speaks!
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|She was a natural in being careless, haggard, even dirty. that made her look adventurous, flirtatious and even promiscuous. though deep inside her pure virginity was intact and unknowingly she ended glowing under tender virginity that she possessed.
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|The first thing you need to know if you are a survivor is that parts of you have probably been trained to create a variety of symptoms and behaviours. Abusers actually train child parts to cut the body, to make other parts cut, to attempt suicide, to create flashbacks by releasing pieces of visual or auditory memories, to create body memories of pain or electroshock, and to create depression, terror, anxiety, and despair by releasing the emotional components of memories to the rest of the personality system. The front person and most of the rest of the system do not know that this is the source of these feelings and behaviours. p126
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|sometimes i don't know, which momentwhich cool gust of wind will come,and enchant metousling my hairand my heart, stirring...that familiar ache of poetry, which drop will kissthe old wrench in my soulreminding me, all over againi miss you better in the rain.
Stacey Kade, The Rules|What was the point, I had to wonder, of fighting so hard to learn to protect my life if I was destroying it in the process?
H. P. Lovecraft|Sexiness wears thin after a while and beauty fades, but to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, ah, now that's a real treat.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|..."sometimes people fit together like they’re meant to be, and when you’ve had that, it’s impossible to settle for something less.” Again, Tori draws my gaze. I can’t seem to look away.
Anna Kavan, Eagles' Nest|Every moment of life wants to tell us something, but we do not want to hear what it has to say: when we are alone and quiet we are afraid that something will be whispered into our ear and hence we despise quiet and drug ourselves with sociability.
Cara Dee, Home|I dislike humans in general, but I couldn't not do anything.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|It was pretty silly quoting poetry around free and easy like that. It was the act of a silly damn snob. Give man a few lines of verse and he thinks he's the Lord of all Creation. You think you can walk on water with all your books. Well, the world can get by just fine without them.
Stephen R. Lawhead, Hood|If thou wouldst seek justice, thyself must be just. 
Kristen Callihan, Evernight|To base your self worth relative to others is to play a losing game. If you are at the bottom, you will be filled with self-loathing. If you are at the top, you will be filled with self-aggrandizement and ego. This will most certainly be one of your greatest obstacles to achieving whatever degree of mastery you are capable.
Michael Crawford|I hate formal stuff. I love looking like a doll and all that stuff and playing dress up, but when I'm home, sweat pants, t-shirt. When I'm in the studio, sweat pants, t-shirt.
Wesam Fawzi|It is our beliefs, more than our experiences, that determine life's possibilities.
Eve|I used to love being the class clown. I loved to make jokes and make people laugh. There was a set of students who would find it funny. But the cool students were like, 'Eeew!'
Mother Teresa|This is what you shall do; Love the earth and sun and the animals, despise riches, give alms to every one that asks, stand up for the stupid and crazy, devote your income and labor to others, hate tyrants, argue not concerning God, have patience and indulgence toward the people, take off your hat to nothing known or unknown or to any man or number of men, go freely with powerful uneducated persons and with the young and with the mothers of families, read these leaves in the open air every season of every year of your life, re-examine all you have been told at school or church or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your own soul, and your very flesh shall be a great poem and have the richest fluency not only in its words but in the silent lines of its lips and face and between the lashes of your eyes and in every motion and joint of your body.
Galileo Galilei|Dear Neil Armstrong,I write this to you as she sleeps down the hall. I need answers I think only you might have. When you were a boy, and space was simple science fiction, when flying was merely a daydream between periods of History and Physics, when gifts of moon dust to the one you loved could only be wrapped in your imagination.. Before the world knew your name; before it was a destination in the sky.. What was the moon like from your back yard?Your arm, strong warm and wrapped under her hair both of you gazing up from your back porch summers before your distant journey. But upon landing on the moon, as the earth rose over the sea of tranquility, did you look for her? What was it like to see our planet, and know that everything, all you could be, all you could ever love and long for.. was just floating before you. Did you write her name in the dirt when the cameras weren't looking? Surrounding both your initials with a heart for alien life to study millions of years from now? What was it like to love something so distant? What words did you use to bring the moon back to her? And what did you promise in the moons ear, about that girl back home? Can you, teach me, how to fall from the sky?I ask you this, not because I doubt your feat, I just want to know what it's like to go somewhere no man had ever been, just to find that she wasn't there. To realize your moon walk could never compare to the steps that led to her. I now know that the flight home means more. Every July I think of you. I imagine the summer of 1969, how lonely she must have felt while you were gone.. You never went back to the moon. And I believe that's because it dosen't take rockets to get you where you belong. I see that in this woman down the hall, sometimes she seems so much further. But I'm ready for whatever steps I must take to get to her.I have seem SO MANY skies.. but the moon, well, it always looks the same. So I gotta say, Neil, that rock you landed on, has got NOTHING on the rock she's landed on. You walked around, took samples and left.. She's built a fire cleaned up the place and I hope she decides to stay.. because on this rock.. we can breath.Mr. Armstrong, I don't have much, many times have I been upside down with trauma, but with these empty hands, comes a heart that is often more full than the moon. She's becoming my world, pulling me into orbit, and I now know that I may never find life outside of hers. I want to give her EVERYTHING I don't have yet.. So YES, for her, I would go to the moon and back.... But not without her. We'd claim the moon for each other, with flags made from sheets down the hall. And I'd risk it ALL to kiss her under the light of the earth, the brightness of home... but I can do all of that and more right here, where she is..And when we gaze up, her arms around ME, I will NOT promise her gifts of moon dust, or flights of fancy. Instead I will gladly give her all the earth she wants, in return for all the earth she is. The sound of her heart beat and laughter, and all the time it takes to return to fall from the sky,down the hall, and right into love.God, I'd do it every day, if I could just land next to her.One small step for man, but she's one giant leap for my kind.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|That human life is but a first installment of the serial soul and that one's individual secret is not lost in the process of earthly dissolution, becomes something more than an optimistic conjecture, and even more than a matter of religious faith, when we remember that only commonsense rules immortality out.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|How can even the idea of rebellion against corporate culture stay meaningful when Chrysler Inc. advertises trucks by invoking “The Dodge Rebellion”? How is one to be bona fide iconoclast when Burger King sells onion rings with “Sometimes You Gotta Break the Rules”? How can an Image-Fiction writer hope to make people more critical of televisual culture by parodying television as a self-serving commercial enterprise when Pepsi and Subaru and FedEx parodies of self-serving commercials are already doing big business? It’s almost a history lesson: I’m starting to see just why turn-of-the-century Americans’ biggest fear was of anarchist and anarchy. For if anarchy actually wins, if rulelessness become the rule, then protest and change become not just impossible but incoherent. It’d be like casting a ballot for Stalin: you are voting for an end to all voting.
Stephen Richards|When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I’ve had a fountain pen surgically implanted in my left index finger to save trouble. My body is tattooed with line upon line of truth, fiction, and a not-always-pleasing mix of the two.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|People tell me not to cook, drive, or touch anything for the sake of world peace.
Nina -, Johnny Kiddow|You see, I cannot share my space with them. Not only am I severely claustrophobic but I abhor the mass. In general, I do not like people very much. Those I cannot sand are the average ones that eat with their hands out of plastic plates and travel in buses to work. I am horrified of them. "Mr. Wesley
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|The shifting sands of the world... show how much the surrealists were drawn towards an interrogation of what reality actually is. Unlike fabulists of whatever hue, there is a materiality in surrealist writing that resolutely keeps it, one might say, 'down to earth'.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|When you continually worry about what other people think of you, they own you.
Albert Einstein|Nature's laws must be obeyed, and the period of decline begins, and goes on with accelerated rapidity.
Hayley DiMarco|When you understand who God is, you can see beyond a shadow of a doubt why your weakness is nothing to be feared, because it just leaves more room for him and his strength.
Mensah Oteh|Failure results from broken focus, and an average person with complete unwavering focus can achieve more than a team of geniuses with broken focus.
Jack Kerouac, Desolation Angels|Madeleine Albright says, “There is a special place in hell for women who don't help other women.” I wonder what happens to women who bully other women.
Hermann Hesse|Lucien, women are wondrous, mysterious, and magical creatures, who should be treated not only with respect but with reverence, perhaps even awe. Now go sweep the steps.
Pero Gaglo Dagbovie|What these thinkers, chroniclers, and interpreters have written about, how they have theorized their scholarly endeavors, and their approaches and methodologies have inevitably been informed and shaped by the times in which they existed.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|To write a novel is to dream while awake, then express the dream to the reader in an absorbing way. The road leading from the writer's inner world to the readers' is paved with prose.
Leon Redbone|This was an important part of my life. But it was also sad that we didn't play there, cause we had such alot of fans that were waiting for us and Brazilians are great people. It's now my second home.
Baltasar Gracián|Though such authority and respect shouldn't be handed to all and sundry, have in caution's innermost room a confidant, a faithful mirror, whose correction you value when disillusionment is necessary.
Tom Brady|It took being famous to make me cool, which, by the way, I never forgot.
Jane Austen|And pictures of perfection, as you know, make me sick and wicked.
Ice Cube|The addiction to sports, therefore, in a peculiar degree marks an arrested development in man's moral nature.
Barbara De Angelis|Regardless of your marital status, your age, or the language you speak, you are a beloved spirit daughter of Heavenly Father who is destined to play a critical part in the onward movement of the gospel kingdom.
Phyllis Theroux, The Journal Keeper: A Memoir|There were times, in the beginning, when I used my journal as a wailing wall, but I learned not to immortalize the darkness. Rereading it was counterproductive. What I needed was a place in which to collect the light.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|He certainly is very charming, but he makes me feel slightly ill at ease—almost as if I were a woman manquée, if there could be such a thing—you know, something lacking in me.""Oh, well, that's hardly his fault.""No," Dulcie agreed. "Mine, of course.
Neil Simon|New York loves expanse. It grows upward and spreads its tentacles outward, the island spilling into adjoining lands through its many bridges and tunnels. A person given to idleness, as Parvis has come to think of himself, must move about for the sake of moving, if only to fit into the general scheme of things - an electron obeying the current. Tantamount to movement, he has come to realize, is self-reliance, a fact reflected in the language: "Take care," a friend may say to another as the two part. In his old life the same two friends would have said to one another, khodahfez - "may God protect you.
Billy Collins|When I was a young man, I understood that poetry was two things - it was difficult to understand, but you could understand that the poet was miserable. So for a while there, I wrote poems that were hard to understand, even by me, but gave off whiffs of misery.
Cucuk Espe|I long fora little life,an everyday life,a splash of sunlightthrough a windowa smile from a stranger -a heart to hold in mine.
Bill Nye|In my writing I am acting as a map maker, an explorer of psychic areas, a cosmonaut of inner space, and I see no point in exploring areas that have already been thoroughly surveyed.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Enchanted April|Gen. Matthew Ridgeway "intended not to impose his will on his men, but to allow the men under him to find something in themselves that would make them more confident, more purposeful fighting men. It was their confidence in themselves that would make them fight well, he believed, not so much their belief in him. His job was to keep them to find that quality in themselves.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|It was unearthly, and the men were--No, they were not inhuman. Well, you know, that was the worst of it--this suspicion of their not being inhuman. It would come slowly to one. They howled, and leaped, and spun, and made horrid faces; but what thrilled you was just the thought of their humanity--like yours--the thought of your remote kinship with this wild and passionate uproar. Ugly. Yes, it was ugly enough; but if you were man enough you would admit to yourself that there was in you just the faintest trace of a response to the terrible frankness of that noise, a dim suspicion of there being a meaning in it which you--you so remote from the night of first ages--could comprehend.And why not? The mind of man is capable of anything--because everything is in it, all the past as well as all the future. What was there after all? Joy, fear, sorrow, devotion, valor, rage--who can tell?--but truth--truth stripped of its cloak of time.Let the fool gape and shudder--the man knows, and can look on without a wink.But he must at least be as much of a man as these on the shore. He must meet that truth with his own true stuff--with his own inborn strength.Principles? Principles won't do. Acquisitions, clothes, pretty rags--rags that would fly off at the first good shake. No; you want a deliberate belief. An appeal to me in this fiendish row--is there? Very well; I hear; I admit, but I have a voice too, and for good or evil mine is the speech that cannot be silenced. Of course, a fool, what with sheer fright and fine sentiments, is always safe. Who's that grunting? You wonder I didn't go ashore for a howl and a dance?Well, no--I didn't. Fine sentiments, you say? Fine sentiments, be hanged! I had no time. I had to mess about with white-lead and strips of woolen blanket helping to put bandages on those leaky steam-pipes--I tell you.
Walter Lippmann, Public Opinion|It is doubtful whether a supreme master of style could pack all the elements of truth that complete justice would demand into a hundred word account of what had happened in Korea during the course of several months. For language is by no means a perfect vehicle of meanings. Words, like currency, are turned over and over again, to evoke one set of images to-day, another to-morrow. There is no certainty whatever that the same word will call out exactly the same idea in the reader's mind as it did in the reporter's. Theoretically, if each fact and each relation had a name that was unique, and if everyone had agreed on the names, it would be possible to communicate without misunderstanding. In the exact sciences there is an approach to this ideal, and that is part of the reason why of all forms of world-wide cooperation, scientific inquiry is the most effective.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|It is the mystery of the unknownThat fascinates us; we are children stillWayward and wistful; with one hand we clingTo the familiar things we call our own,And with the other, resolute of will,Grope in the dark for what the day will bring
Patricia MacLachlan, All the Places to Love|Where else," I will say, "does an old turtle crossing the path Make all the difference in the world?
Ice Cube|From my point of view, I always want to fight until the end of my last chance.
Dave Chappelle|That is where the power, opportunity, and choice come from-when you have money. Money equals opportunity. There is no question.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Mina’s mouth dropped open, and he bent his head as if to kiss her. She jammed her gun barrel under his chin. He grinned.
Gisele Bundchen|A lasting marriage, they say, is one where the two reach for different sections of the Sunday paper. Me, I go right for the obituaries, just like those very elderly characters in Muriel Spark's spooky novel, 'Memento Mori.'
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|Mr Mandela, who had given his whole life for justice and had never once thought of himself. How unlike these people were modern politicians, who thought only of power and tricks.
Miguel de Cervantes|When death has you by the throat, you don't mince words.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|It still hurts," she whispered. "Even when you're doing it for someone else, that doesn't stop your ribs from getting cracked, or your wrist swelling, or your cuts from bleeding.
Terry Pratchett, Pyramids|It was said that life was cheap in Ankh-Morpork. This was of course, completely wrong. Life was often very expensive; you could get death for free.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|There is certainly a universal and unconscious propensity to impose a rhythm even when one hears a series of identical sounds at constant intervals... We tend to hear the sound of a digital clock, for example, as "tick-tock, tick-tock" - even though it is actually "tick tick, tick tick.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|Where lies your landmark, seamark, or soul's star?
Amanda Maxlyn, What's Left of Me|I’m not scared of death, Dad,” I told him. “I’m scared of not living. I don’t want to die with any regrets that I didn’t get to do the things in life that I’ve always wanted.
Charles Lindbergh|I don't see any kind of mirror of power, male power, that is, as a form of liberation. I don't believe in an eye for an eye. I don't believe this is truly freedom.
Carrie Jones, Need|Control people's sexuality and you control them. After all, if people allow you to dictate how they behave in the privacy of their own bedrooms, there is very little that they will not allow you to control.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|But between now and then, there was Life; and Bod walked into it with his eyes and his heart wide open.
Lee Daniels|I'm in a great place because I trust people behind the camera as I go off, and I still go back to my day job and do film.
Nikki Rowe|I felt you before I knew of your existence, maybe it was a hint from the universe to continue on the yellow brick road, so when I would find you along my travels I would simply just know.
Carine Roitfeld|I think the people who experienced the Apollo missions came away from that experience wondering to themselves, 'When can we get a chance to experience spaceflight?' I've heard that many, many times: that people got into a new career field hoping that they would be able to experience spaceflight.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Just when normal life felt almost possible--when the world held some kind of order, meaning, even loveliness (prismatic spray of light through an icicle; the stillness of a sunrise), some small thing would go awry and the veil of optimism was torn away, the barren world revealed. They learned, somehow, to wait those times out. There was no cure, no answer, no reparation.
Patricia Schroeder|Femininity is depicted as weakness, the sapping of strength, yet masculinity is so fragile that apparently even the slightest brush with the feminine destroys it.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|(Personally, I have avoided many fights by going to bed angry and waking up to realize that I'd just been tired.)
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
Yiyun Li|I have always been quite good at falling in love, but I don’t pretend to know anything about literal happily ever afters. 
John Wilkes Booth, Right or Wrong, God Judge Me: THE WRITINGS OF JOHN WILKES BOOTH|I think I have done well, though I am abandoned, with the curse of Cain upon me.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Satanic Bible|I do believe in hell as a state of being or consciousness, and I believe that people can dwell in hell and that many do, right now, today, on this earth before rather than after death. I will argue ... that hell is the most erroneous, oudated, misunderstood, and misguided dogma in all of Christianity, and the one that must be discarded if this spiritual tradition is to survive as anything more than a contemptable curiosity.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|If you really want to get to know someone, you have to divorce him.
Tegan Quin|On day one of the drive, I saw my first dome sky. The world was so flat that I could see the level horizon all around me and the sky looked like a dome. Skies like that will give you perspective when nothing else will. The second day, a tumbleweed blew across the interstate. I’m in a western movie, I said to myself, laughing. I found it so much easier to laugh now that this weight had been lifted from my shoulders.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|If you want to reach the summit , you gotta take the hard path
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Emerson's Essays|Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... she had uttered these words simply in order to provoke a reply in certain other words, which she seemed, indeed, to wish to hear spoken, but, from prudence, would let her friend be the first to speak.
Bohumil Hrabal|You are responsible for your own life and what happens in it, so are the other people.
Frank Wanderer|By assembling the mosaic image of our own mosaic of “truth” (our own version of the “truth”) from our accumulated knowledge and through comparisons with those of others, we shall not be free and do not get closer to Truth. We have only created a beautiful (or not so beautiful) spiritual mask, and behind it the Ego grins at us and the world created by itself.
Michael Tanner, Twilight of the Idols/The Anti-Christ|If you are dissatisfied with what you have,Then you will never be satisfied with what you have.
Rob Riemen, Nobility of Spirit: A Forgotten Ideal|Every poet knows that the gift of the gods is not fire but language. “Man dwells poetically on this earth,” Hölderin wrote. Language is the essence of being human. We can think, thanks to language, for thought exists only by the grace of words. Our experiences and emotions are molded by language. It is language that allows us to name and know the world. We ourselves are known by language, through prayer, confession, poetry. Language gives us a world that reaches beyond the reality of the moment, to a past (there was…) and a future (there shall be…). It is through language that eternity has a space and that the dead continue to speak: “Defunctus adhuc loquitur” (Hebrews 11:4). Thanks to language, there is meaning, there is truth.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The hallmark of great dreams is not their possibility but their impossibility, and the fact that it is the very notion of the ‘impossible’ that inspires us to go and accomplish them anyway.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|Where do we find happiness? Unfortunately, the common belief with most people is that happiness is something that happens to them when conditions are just right rather than something that happens through them when they choose to make space for it. While outer conditions may stimulate the feeling of happiness, it can never come from anywhere other than within us. Authentic happiness isn't something we can go out and get, buy, borrow, or steal. Nor can any form of artificial sensory stimulus generate true happiness; it's only something we can be, and it's a choice we make with every breath we take.
Lori Stanley Roeleveld|Nothing is quite as beautiful as seeing someone do exactly what they were designed to do, to watch someone who has found that thing, that passion, that singular calling and expresses it with conviction.
Rose Leslie|I truly loved being pregnant and feeling what was going on inside my body and watching it change. It's difficult to recoup, but still amazing nonetheless. I would have another one.
Michael Chabon, Manhood for Amateurs|One of the fundamental axioms of masculine self-regard is that the tools and appurtenances of a man's life must be containable within the pockets of his jacket and pants. Wallet, keys, gum, show or ball game tickets, Kleenex, condoms, cell phone, maybe a lighter and a pack of cigarettes: Just cram it all in there, motherfucker.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Clara shrugged and immediately knew her betrayal of Peter. In one easy movement she'd distanced herself from his bad behavior, even thought she herself was responsible for it. Just before everyone had arrived, she'd told Peter about her adventure with Gamache. Animated and excited she'd gabbled on about her box and the woods and the exhilarating climb up the ladder to the blind. But her wall of words hid from her a growing quietude. She failed to notice his silence, his distance, until it was too late and he'd retreated all the way to his icy island. She hated that place. From it he stood and stared, judged, and lobbed shards of sarcasm.'You and your hero solve Jane's death?''I thought you'd be pleased,' she half lied. She actually hadn't thought at all, and if she had, she probably could have predicted his reaction. But since he was comfortably on his Inuk island, she'd retreat to hers, equipped with righteous indignation and warmed by moral certitude. She threw great logs of 'I'm right, you're an unfeeling bastard' onto the fire and felt secure and comforted.
Laure Eve, Fearsome Dreamer|Referring to Jumper the spider, who needs to hide himself in human form, and he's learning to act like a human."I'm sure I can learn to walk faster than that," he said desperately."But you'll also need to learn the nuances of human behavior. Such as not going around naked.""What's wrong with being natural?" he demanded."Humans aren't natural. They are girt about by all manner of conventions. It will take time for you to catch up with them all.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|I'm not rich as Bill Gates neither I'm famous as Tom Cruise, But trust me I am happier than all of them.
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|I'm sure nothing more exciting will happen beyond finding some Roman ruins beneath the pasture," Gunner predicted, an excellent example of why he would never be called psychic in any understanding of the word.
Candace Knoebel, Embracing the Flames|I’m only going say this—love is a wild creature that cannotbe tamed. It’s unconditional. And although it sometimes makes youfeel like one small person against this big old world, you must rememberyou are the world to one particular person. - Astral
Switchfoot|I find peace when I'm confused, I find hope when I'm let down, not in me but in you.
Marcel Proust, Days of Reading|On no days of our childhood did we live so fully perhaps as those we thought we had left behind without living them, those that we spent with a favourite book.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|I'm an atheist, and I don't have any belief in an afterlife. You could say that I'm resigned to the fact that this wonderful life that we get here is it. And having hit 60, it's a good time to get resigned to these things and not be too nervous or upset - and enjoy what great times one can have.
Robert Farrar Capon, The Supper of the Lamb: A Culinary Reflection|You will be very visible in the company photo, also the website and any other marketing materials. There's no way to avoid it. The photo will only be scheduled when you are in the office, so don't try pretending to be sick. They'll wait for you.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.
Cecil Baldwin|Lynn said, "The blue of the sky is one of the most special colors in the world, because the color is deep but see-through both at the same time. What did I just say?""The sky is special.""The ocean is like that too, and people's eyes."She turned her head toward me and waited. I said, "The ocean and people's eyes are special too."That's how I learned about eyes, sky, and ocean: the three special, deep, colored, see-through things. I turned to Lynnie. Her eyes were deep and black, like mine.
Peter   Marshall, Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism|With their concern for personal autonomy and individual freedom, anarchists more than any other socialists are aware of the inhumanity of both physical punishment and manipulative cure for anti-social members of the community. They look to reasoned argument and friendly treatment to deal with criminals and wish to respect their humanity and individuality.
Fiona Givens, The God Who Weeps: How Mormonism Makes Sense of Life|We have no way of knowing, of course, why some are born in health and affluence, while others enter broken bodies or broken homes, or emerge into a realm of war or hunger. So we cannot give definite meaning to our place in the world, or to our neighbor's. But Plato's reflections should give us pause and invite both humility and hope. Humility, because if we chose our lot in life, there is every reason to suspect merit, and not disfavor, is behind disadvantaged birth. A blighted life may have been the more courageous choice--at least it was for Plato... So how can we feel pride in our own blessedness, or condescension in another's misfortune? And Plato's reflections should give us hope, because his myth reminds us that suffering can be sanctifying, that pain is not punishment ,and that the path to virtue is fraught with opposition.
Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata|What is music? What does it do to us? And why does it do to us what it does? People say that music has an uplifting effect on the soul: what rot! It isn’t true. It’s true that it has an effect, it has a terrible effect on me, at any rate, but it has nothing to do with any uplifting of the soul. Its effect on the soul is neither uplifting nor degrading — it merely irritates me.
Melissa Marr, Darkest Mercy|Catch me, Seth," she invited.He paused."Faeries chase," he said, an then , with a flirtatious smile, he turned away, but before he could take a second step, she was behind him, arms around him, lips pressed against his neck."I seem caught," he murmured.The Summer Queen whispered, "Me too."And They fell together in a bed of flowers that now covered the floor
Josiah Bancroft, Arm of the Sphinx|We are, each of us, a multitude. I am not the man I was this morning, nor the man of yesterday. I am a throng of myself queued through time. We are, gentle reader, each a crowd within a crowd.
Lance Morrow|This stammer got me a home in Beverly Hills, and I'm not about to screw with it now.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|Each of us is the real star. We all are so close but still so far i this sky called ground. We all shine, though the light the others see is the one that our actions left in the past.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians|The ending of a book is, in my experience, both the best and worst part to read. For the ending will often determine whether you love or hate the book.Both emotions lead to disappointment. If the ending was good, and the book was worth your time, then you are left annoyed and depressed because there is no more book to read. However, if the ending was bad, then it's too late to stop reading. You're left annoyed and depressed because you wasted so much time on a book with a bad ending.Therefore, reading is obviously worthless, and you should go spend your time on other, more valuable pursuits.
Maya Angelou|It is our responsibility to explain to the public how an often unpredictable system of justice is one that serves a productive, civilized, but always evolving, society.
Eric Vance Walton|f you don't think outside of the box, you may just get stuck inside of a cubicle.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Now life is given in exchange for pain and fear, and that's the basis of the whole deception. Now man is still not what he should be. There will e a new man, happy and proud. Whoever doesn't care whether he lives or doesn't live, he himself will be God. And that other God will no longer be.''So, that other God does exist, in your opinion?''He doesn't exist, but he does exist. In the stone there' no pain, but in the fear of the stone there is pain. God is the pain of the fear of death. Whoever conquers pain and fear will himself become God.
Anthony de Mello|Awareness requires living in the here and now, and not in the elsewhere, the past or the future.
Peter Gould, Write Naked|Upon hearing the news I felt completely emptied. Emptied of life, feeling, and hope. I felt as if my very soul had left my body.
George Orwell|As I squatted on the grass at the edge of the woods, the pee felt hot between my legs. I watched in puddle in the dirt, the smell of it rising into the night. There was no difference between my piss and June's. That's what i thought when I looked at the dark circle on the ground. Piss is Piss.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|On coming out of the chapel, a well can be seen on the left. There are two in this yard. You ask, Why is there no bucket and no pulley to this one? Because no water is drawn from it now. Why is no more water drawn from it? Because it is full of skeletons.
Haruki Murakami|The very thought of such people’s intolerant worldview, their inflated sense of self superiority, and their callous imposition of their own beliefs on others was enough to fill her with rage.
Wentworth Miller|What Romantic terminology called genius or talent or inspiration is nothing other than finding the right road empirically, following one's nose, taking shortcuts.
|You would never know what you are truly capable of achieving, until you stop settling for what is easy.
Judy Balan|So, to sum up my room-clearing generalizations, men are in comedy to break rules.
Elizabeth Spencer, This Crooked Way|His house to me was a child was a heart of happiness. If there is a wonder childhood possesses which makes it forever superior to what shall come after, it is the happy and uncritical love of whatever is happy, place or person, it does not matter which.
Cherie Priest, Boneshaker|... we have created a man with not one brain but two. ... This new brain is intended to control the biological brain. ... The patient's biological brain is the peripheral terminal -- the only peripheral terminal -- for the new computer. ... And therefore the patient's biological brain, indeed his whole body, has become a terminal for the new computer. We have created a man who is one single, large, complex computer terminal. The patient is a read-out device for the new computer, and is helpless to control the readout as a TV screen is helpless to control the information presented on it.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The boy continued to listen to his heart as they crossed the desert. He came to understand its dodges and tricks, and to accept it as it was. He lost his fear, and forgot about his need to go back to the oasis, because, one afternoon, his heart told him that it was happy. "Even though I complain sometimes," it said, "it's because I'm the heart of a person, and people's hearts are that way. People are afraid to pursue their most important dreams, because they feel that they don't deserve them, or that they'll be unable to achieve them. We, their hearts, become fearful just thinking of loved ones who go away forever, or of moments that could have been good but weren't, or of treasures that might have been found but were forever hidden in the sands. Because, when these things happen, we suffer terribly.
Piet Hein|Free will," she agreed, "our greatest gift, the thing that makes life worth living, in spite of all the anguish it brings.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|The ox feels the yoke, but does the bird feel the weight of its wings?
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|You may choose to live like a miser,” Leo said, “but I’ll be damned if I have to. You’re incapable of enjoying the moment because you’re always intent on tomorrow. Well, for some people, tomorrow never come
Sarah J. Maas|you cannot wait for the change. You have to be the change".
Thomas Merton, Contemplative Prayer|Hence the aim of meditation, in the context of Christian faith, is not to arrive at an objective and apparently 'scientific' knowledge of God, but to come to know him through the realization that our very being is penetrated with his knowledge and love for us. Our knowledge of God is paradoxically a knowledge not of him as the object of our scrutiny, but of ourselves as utterly dependent on his saving and merciful knowledge of us. It is in proportion as we are known to him that we find our real being and identity in Christ. We know him and through ourselves in so far as his truth is the source of our being and his merciful love is the very heart of our life and existence. We have no other reason for being, except to be loved by him as our Creator and Redeemer, and to love him in return. There is no true knowledge of God that does not imply a profound grasp and an intimate personal acceptance of this profound relationship.
Victoria Osteen|I have a long-standing relationship with Autism Speaks. I've been supporting them for many, many years now.
Charles Taylor, Multiculturalism|We define our identity always in dialogue with, sometimes in struggle against, the things our significant others want to see in us. Even after we outgrow some of these others—our parents, for instance—and they disappear from our lives, the conversation with them continues within us as long as we live.
Sherri Rifkin, LoveHampton|Stop making a relationship about what you get and start making it about what you give, for what you give is what you'll get in return.
Bill Buford|I’d very much like to ‘conclude' something from this experiment. Or that it should raise a question in my mind, and a commitment to get to the bottom of the matter, to investigate, to come up with an outline of the beginning of an answer, however ill-defined or trite it might be . . . But no. I’m here to see, hear, observe - to experience. Let others explain.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|The advertise their products in such a fashion as to make it seem wonderful to drink their ethanol products. It does not matter if they give their products fancy name like Cabernet Sauvignon or Pinot Noir, or if they put bubbles in an ethanol product and call it champagne or beer- everyone is selling ethanol.
Paul Davies|As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress.
Eleventh Doctor|I am, and always will be, the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes, and the dreamer of improbable dreams.
Jessica Sorensen, Ember X|Asher taps his fingers on his lips and I catch Amy licking her own as she eyes his mouth. "What exactly are Rocky Mountain Oysters?" he asks her.I restrain a laugh as Amy's face twists in confusion."Well...I think they're kind of meat. I'm not sure what kind, but I like them." She presses the end of the pen against her chin.I shake my head at Asher. "You don't want those. Trust me.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|O beautiful, to make escapeAnd leave this world behind.Had I to stay another dayI'd lose my fucking mind!
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|All that the State need do, and can do, in order to preserve the monetary system undisturbed, is to refrain from such intervention. That is the essence of the monetary theory of the classical economists and their immediate successors, the Currency School. It is possible to refine and amplify this doctrine with the aid of the modern subjective theory; but it is impossible to overthrow it, and impossible to put anything else in its place. Those who are able to forget it only show that they are unable to think as economists.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|The bond forged between us was not one that could be broken by absence, distance, or time. And no matter how much more special or beautiful or brilliant or perfect than me he might be, he was as irreversibly altered as I was. As I would always belong to him, so would he always be mine.
Bhagat Singh, The Jail Notebook And Other Writings|The aim of life is no more to control the mind, but to develop it harmoniously; not to achieve salvation here after, but to make the best use of it here below; and not to realise truth, beauty and good only in contemplation, but also in the actual experience of daily life; social progress depends not upon the ennoblement of the few but on the enrichment of democracy; universal brotherhood can be achieved only when there is an equality of opportunity - of opportunity in the social, political and individual life.— from Bhagat Singh's prison diary, p. 124
Warwick Davis|In our own state, we came up with, I think, what was a very novel approach to closing the gap on the uninsured. To harmonize medical records - which was a major step in getting costs out of the system.
Marilyn Manson|If I had been at an assembly line for films, I don't know if I would be the best driver. I think I would have crashed the car.
Aaron Sorkin|When I was 18, I thought that, to be a romantic, you couldn't live past 30.
Colleen McCullough|The borders of man, defined by politics, war, and faith - all three manifestations of delusion - meant even more to gods.
Miguel de Cervantes|The stars shall fade away, the sun himself Grow dim with age, and nature sink in years, But thou shalt flourish in immortal youth, Unhurt amidst the wars of elements, The wrecks of matter, and the crush of worlds.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|So let me get this straight. You have no hobbies. You don't care what this woman looks like as long as she can "doll herself up" and entertain herself and pop out a few babies for you?"His gray eyes gave away nothing, but she again had the sneaking suspicion that he was testing her."That sounds about right.
Terry Eagleton, Walter Benjamin or Towards a Revolutionary Criticism|You are as prone to love, as the sun is to shine.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must plant trees, grow gardens instead of lawns, ride bicycles when we can and support responsible local businesses over big brands.
Marilyn Vos Savant|In my opinion, defining intelligence is much like defining beauty, and I don’t mean that it’s in the eye of the beholder. To illustrate, let’s say that you are the only beholder, and your word is final. Would you be able to choose the 1000 most beautiful women in the country? And if that sounds impossible, consider this: Say you’re now looking at your picks. Could you compare them to each other and say which one is more beautiful? For example, who is more beautiful— Katie Holmes or Angelina Jolie? How about Angelina Jolie or Catherine Zeta-Jones? I think intelligence is like this. So many factors are involved that attempts to measure it are useless. Not that IQ tests are useless. Far from it. Good tests work: They measure a variety of mental abilities, and the best tests do it well. But they don’t measure intelligence itself.
Plato|I would teach children music, physics, and philosophy; but most importantly music, for the patterns in music and all the arts are the keys to learning
Anonymous|When you study God’s Word and incorporate His wisdom and principles into your daily life, your whole perspective will change.
Henri Bergson, Matter and Memory|The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.
Stephenie Meyer|Tavi spent an eternity in misery, longing for death to bring sweet release from the unrelenting torment. The others gathered at the side of his bunk on the ship, keeping a deathwatch over him."I don't see what all the drama is about," Demos said, his quiet voice filled with habitual disinterst. "He's seasick. It will pass."~Captain's Fury
John Sculley|There's good movies and there's bad movies. The genres are never dead, it's just about how to apply them and articulate them and execute them - the story, the quality of the writing, the acting, the design elements, the directorial execution - all these things make it what it is.
James Hong|I got into university to study graphic design, and I got into drama school as well, so I had the choice whether I wanted to go down the sensible route or if I wanted to become an actor.
Sara Raasch, Ice Like Fire|It was a black and white day of frost, which crawled along the dark trees and outlined twig and branch. The air was misty, and distant objects assumed a mysterious importance. Slight sounds, too, suggested infinite activities to the mind.("A Tribute Of Souls")
Marlon Amparo|There was once a man who went on a journey to correct his regrets, He tried everything he could. At the end of his journey he realized that no matter how hard he tries, the door of miracles will never opened for him. That is why he thought, instead of regretting about the past what's more important now is to change the present for the future.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Exquisitely painful, isn't it? Not being sure who you love and who loves you.
Charles Baudelaire|To be away from home and yet find oneself everywhere at home; to see the world, to be at the centre of the world, and yet remain hidden from the world.
Akansh Malik|Thoughts control your feelings, and people around you control your thoughts.
Sawyer Bennett, Off Course|You’re an assignment, not an assignation. Soon as I get your pretty boy ass through the Wilderness and deliver you to the Outpost, you’re no more than a stain to spit-shine off my boots.
Christopher Isherwood, Prater Violet|I had failed him; I knew it. But I could do no more. It was beyond my strength.That night, I think, he explored the uttermost depths of his loneliness.
Steve Goodier|Still the voices of your critics. Listen intently to your own voice, to the person who knows you best. Then answer these questions: Do you think you should move ahead? How will you feel if you quit pursuing this thing you want to do? And what does your best self advise? What you hear may change your life.
Walt Mossberg|I've been watching 'Walking Dead' with my son, and there is absolutely nothing in there I find shocking, but it's cool, and I like it.
Bonnie Raitt|For me, whenever I would see a lot of 'black films,' I didn't feel represented in it. I didn't feel connected to the characters or the situations or the humor.
John Daniel Thieme, paulinskill hours and other poems|. . .though the names of lovers are forgotten in time, their nameswritten across the sky as ogham threads are tracedbetween the stars
Lauren Kate, Fallen|Helen, you would just have to sit still, close your eyes and think of me, and I would turn the universe inside out to find you. I would go anywhere and fight anything to get to you—witches, dragons, and even pirates. If I have to pass through a hundred lifetimes, I will do it to find you. I may be an old man and you may be an old woman. You may not even recognize me by the time it happens, but you will know and I will know, because nothing can separate us. We will always be together. I promise you. Now stop worrying.
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|She placed her fingertips on her forehead as if trying to gather her thoughts on how to handle this unexpected scenario. "Do not run from a bear. Make yourself a large target and yell to scare the bear away. Bears are easily frightened unless it's mating season." "Oh, wouldn't it be just my horrible luck to fall on a horny bear?
Stephenie Meyer|I would be a very sad person if I didn't have dance in my life. However I can, whatever I do, I just feel a lot of joy. Even if I am sad, if you take me to a rehearsal hall, I will automatically become happy.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy.
Erik Pevernagie|We need not be afraid of expecting the unexpected, but let us wheedle each instant we enjoy and endear each happy moment we encounter; let us watch each step we take and each move we make, ever since happiness is a loving and appealing fairy, but utterly frail and vulnerable. ("Happy days are back again")
|Never waste any moment of your life thinking about the negative things that some people said about your dream. Your dream is only there for you to believe in it. So as long as you have a strong faith in your dream, no one else has to believe in it for it to become a new reality in your life.
Judith Chambers|Minimalism is a girl's best asset, blend tones, smudge hard outlines; if all else fails; Photoshop it.
Charles L. Whitfield, Healing the Child Within: Discovery and Recovery for Adult Children of Dysfunctional Families|We are going home (we are Home, already and always). Home on this earth is being all levels of our awareness or consciousness in our own unique fashion. (138)
Mackenzi Lee, This Monstrous Thing|Believe you me, I am all for you; and wish you well - for you to go to hell.
Holly Black, White Cat|The inside is packed with people. Lots of them crowding the bar, passing drinks back for people to carry to tables. A bunch of guys are pouring shots of vodka."To Zacharov!" one toasts."To open hearts and open bars!" calls another."And open legs," says Anton.
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|Everything breaks down but desire. And because we are old, doctors try to shame that out of us. Young punks! Lose one's youth, and doctors take it as axiomatic that you've lost your mind, your balls.
Roger Ebert|If you're sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles, come and join this campaign.
Keira D. Skye|You know, Savannah, if you cry, I won’t tell anyone,’ Ken said quietly. ‘I promise.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|The Old Testament is responsible for more atheism, agnosticism, disbelief—call it what you will—than any book ever written; it has emptied more churches than all the counterattractions of cinema, motor bicycle and golf course.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Waste no time lamenting with regard to what is lacking. In such instances, immediately turn focus toward what is to be...and remain poised to receive that which is due.
Taylor Lautner|My father is a huge horse racing fan, so I was introduced to the sport long before 'Seabiscuit.' But the role made me an even bigger fan. Horse racing is one of my favorite sports.
Charles Nodier|If you are alone, tell some stories to yourself. This is a different kind of pleasure and it has, indeed, its reward. I have tasted a little of everything, and I have truly never enjoyed anything more.
Lauren Oliver, Vanishing Girls|Sometimes day and night reverse. Sometimes up goes down and down goes up, and love turns into hate, and the things you counted on get washed out from under your feet, leaving you pedaling in the air. Sometimes people stop loving you. And that's the kind of darkness that never gets fixed, no matter how many moons rise again, filling the sky with a weak approximation of light.
Colleen Atwood|The exposure I have had to beautiful materials across the world, from Japan to Italy, enables me to pull design ideas together. This, combined with years of historical research, has created a great fountain of ideas for me.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Hope|You have your orders,” Mab shouted at the guards. “To the Deeps with her.” The men led me from the great hall, taking me along a series of corridors to the back of the castle, then winding through another long corridor and into a spiraling stairwell that appeared to have no end. We went further and further down until finally it ended so deep in the ground it felt like a grave. My pulse quickened as we reached the bottom. A single dark door lay ahead.
Iris Murdoch, The Unicorn|Marian was suddenly overcome by an appalling crippling panic. She was very frightened at the idea of arriving. But it was more than that. She feared the rocks and the cliffs and the grotesque dolmen and the ancient secret things. Her two companions seemed no longer reassuring but dreadfully alien and even sinister. She felt, for the first time in her life, completely isolated and in danger. She became in an instant almost faint with terror.She said, as a cry for help, ‘I’m feeling terribly nervous’.‘I know you are,’ said Scottow.(…)Marian was appalled at the sudden quietness. But the insane panic had left her. She was frightened now in an ordinary way, sick in her stomach, shy, tongue-tied, horribly aware of the onset of a new world.
Dane Brookes|If you can not get the results you need yourself, then it is time to get help from somewhere else.
Daryl Gregory, Raising Stony Mayhall|There are some things in life that just are. They are meant to be, and to fight against them is to ensure your own loss.
Samuel Johnson, Taxation No Tyranny|There will always be a part, and always a very large part of every community, that have no care but for themselves, and whose care for themselves reaches little further than impatience of immediate pain, and eagerness for the nearest good.
Ed Markey|Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination.
Hugh Jackman|And, obviously as a, as one who likes to travel around myself a lot, I think the Earth is a beautiful place. And, I'm looking forward to some new perspectives.
Harvey Pekar, Not the Israel My Parents Promised Me|Nationalism and ethnic pride, in the long run, delay human development, and the misery they cause must be recognized. If enough people saw that , maybe we wouldn't have so many wars.
Vironika Tugaleva|Letting go of who you're supposed to be and discovering who you really are is a journey of many experiences, but certainty is not one of them. No matter how long you wait, it'll never feel safe enough. Plunge in anyway.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|He decided to re-read his story from the beginning. As he read he felt as if he was falling forwards into the blank, white spaces of the screen, and the words faded from his consciousness to be replaced completely by the things that they described.
A.H. Scott|Art has the ability to change minds. Passion is what changes the world. When both collide, it's as powerful as a bomb. Art isn't pretty and poised fluff. Art is brutal and snarling. Artists growl. This is the roar of change that beats within them. - 8/29/11
Zekeh Gbotokuma, Global Safari: Checking in and Checking Out in Pursuit of World Wisdoms, the American Dream, and Cosmocitizenship|Decisions are never made in retrospect, hence there is no point regretting them, ever.
Anita Shreve, All He Ever Wanted|It is imperative that your work habits from school do not make their way into your book writing process. I am talking about the practice of typing the last words just before the deadline every time you would hand in an assignment, a paper, or even a thesis. Your book needs time to mature, and you must allow yourself the luxury of rewriting and editing until you are satisfied.
Trai Byers|I took the process of doing as much myself as I could like a duck to water. I set up my own label and publishing, etc, and it was a fun learning curve two decades ago.
Sean Penn|True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.
Robin Alleyna|The genesis of life, unfold before us, the mere essence of our being……tarnished.Mankind can no longer survive on its own.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You have to love what you do, to give your best.
Abraham Lincoln|Unemployment insurance, abolishing child labor, the 40-hour work week, collective bargaining, strong banking regulations, deposit insurance, and job programs that put millions of people to work were all described, in one way or another, as 'socialist.' Yet, these programs have become the fabric of our nation and the foundation of the middle class.
R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior|The Men of the Ordeal do not march to save the World, Proyas--at least not first and foremost. They march to save their wives and children. Their tribes and their nations. If they learn that the world, their world, slips into ruin behind them, that their wives and daughters may perish for want of their shields, their swords, the Host of Hosts would melt about the edges, then collapse.
Alysha Speer|Laugh, even when you feel too sick or too worn out or tired. Smile, even when you're trying not to cry and the tears are blurring your vision. Sing, even when people stare at you and tell you your voice is crappy. Trust, even when your heart begs you not to. Twirl, even when your mind makes no sense of what you see. Frolick, even when you are made fun of. Kiss, even when others are watching. Sleep, even when you're afraid of what the dreams might bring. Run, even when it feels like you can't run any more.And, always, remember, even when the memories pinch your heart. Because the pain of all your experience is what makes you the person you are now. And without your experience---you are an empty page, a blank notebook, a missing lyric. What makes you brave is your willingness to live through your terrible life and hold your head up high the next day. So don't live life in fear. Because you are stronger now, after all the crap has happened, than you ever were back before it started.
Heather Fleener, Broken|Did you once own ruby slippers, and did a house fall on your head? You're a daft little munchkin.
Pier Paolo Pasolini, Roman Poems|The fury of confession, at first,then the fury of clarity:It was from you, Death, that such hypocriticalobscure feeling was born! And nowlet them accuse me of every passion,let them bad-mouth me, let them say I’m deformed,impure, obsessed, a dilettante, a perjurer.You isolate me, you give me the certainty of life,I’m on the stake. I play the card of fireand I win this little, immense goodness of mine.I can do it, for I have suffered you too much!I return to you as an émigré returnsto his own country and rediscovers it:I made a fortune (in the intellect)and I’m happy, as I once was,destitute of any norm,a black rage of poetry in my breast.A crazy old-age youth.Once your joy was confused with terror,it’s true, and now almost with other joy,livid and arid, my passion deluded.Now you really frighten me,for you are truly close to me,part of my angry state, of obscure hunger,of the anxiety almost of a new being.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|You need a man, Kara. A man you can open up to. A man whose passion for life matches yours. A man who grabs your hair in big fistfuls and twists and pulls it when he's fucking you. A man willing to walk wire for you.
Ian Tuttle|The Left has failed to understand the extent to which its intolerant, often coercive, approach to issues that permit good-willed disagreement has turned off voters who might otherwise be sympathetic to their general program.
Satya Nadella, Hit Refresh|This is where the will to grapple with our hard and pressing environmental problems begins: in relationship to something other that you love beyond any utility, beyond any logic.
Ace G. Pilkington|Sometimes he’d dream of hunting for Adam the Usurper twenty years in the future, or of Doctor Simmons sending Aero to burrow into his head and steal his most secret thoughts and desires.
Maya Angelou|Poetry puts starch in your backbone so you can stand, so you can compose your life.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|What we want to help children with is, just because you feel sad or happy or depressed doesn't mean that is who you are. We want them to know, 'I am really sad right now, but I am not a sad person.'
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Since the beginning of time, spirituality and religion have been called to fill in the gaps that science did not understand.
Beatriz Williams, Along the Infinite Sea|Winter came in days that were gray and still. They were the kind of days in which people locked in their animals and themselves and nothing seemed to stir but the smoke curling upwards from clay chimneys and an occasional red-winged blackbird which refused to be grounded. And it was cold. Not the windy cold like Uncle Hammer said swept the northern winter, but a frosty, idle cold that seeped across a hot land ever lookung toward the days of green and ripening fields, a cold thay lay uneasy during during its short stay as it crept through the cracks of poorly constucted houses and forced the people inside huddled around ever-burning fires to wish it gone.
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|Suicide is a confession of failure. And like divorce, it is shrouded in excuses and rationalizations spun endlessly to disguise the simple fact that all one's energy, passion, appetite and ambition have been aborted.
M.B. Dallocchio, Quixote in Ramadi: An Indigenous Account of Imperialism|If a man could make the earth heaven to get you, could also make it hell for you if he couldn't get you.
Claudia Gray, Afterlife|The library would've cheered me up, most days. I loved the heavy oaken tables, the high walls stacked with books to the ceiling, the musty smell of old pages and the heavy brass fixtures that had gone dark with age and wear.
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|On a number of occasions, Tamara joined “Che” on his sorties into the Bolivian highlands, without incident. However, on March 24, 1967, a guerrilla fighter who had been captured by the Bolivian army betrayed her by giving away Tamara’s location. Although she escaped, the Bolivian soldiers found an address book in her Jeep and came after her in hot pursuit. With no other place to hide, she made her way back to “Che” Guevara’s forces. It was considered an open secret that Tamara had been intimate with “Che” but now the troops could not help but notice what was going on. The way they looked into each other’s eyes, and whispered sweet nothings, left no doubt in anyone’s mind, but that she was his lover….The Bolivian highlands are notorious for the infestation of the Chigoe flea parasite, which infected Tamara. Having a leg injury and running a high fever, she and 16 other ailing fighters were ordered out of the region by Guevara. On August 31, 1967, up to her waist in the Rio Grande of Bolivia, and holding her M 1 rifle above her head, she and eight men were shot and killed in a hail of gunfire by Bolivian soldiers. Leaving their bodies in the water, it was several days before they were recovered downstream. Piranhas had attacked the bodies and their decomposing carcasses were polluting the water. Since the water was being used for drinking purposes by the people in a nearby village, the soldiers were ordered to clear the bodies out of the river. As they were preparing to bury Tamara’s remains in an unmarked grave, a local woman protested what was happening, and demanded that a woman should receive a Christian burial.When he received the news of what had happened, Guevara was stunned and refused to accept it, thinking it was just a propaganda stunt to demoralize him. In Havana Fidel Castro declared her a “Heroine of the Revolution.”There is always the possibility that Tamara was a double agent, whose mission it was to play up to “Che” when they met in Leipzig and then report back to the DDR (Democratic German Republic), who would in turn inform the USSR of “Che’s” activities. The spy game is a little like peeling an onion. Peel off one layer and what you find is yet another layer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|I just kind of wake up with a new idea and new dreams every day, and I follow that dream, as they say.
Elise Valenti, We the People|If you behave as if you are all right, then one day you will be. You have to go through the motions of surviving in order to survive.
Ralph Ellison|New York!" he said. "That's not a place, it's a dream.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|An honorable human relationship – that is, one in which two people have the right to use the word "love" – is a process, delicate, violent, often terrifying to both persons involved, a process of refining the truths they can tell each other.It is important to do this because it breaks down human self-delusion and isolation.It is important to do this because in doing so we do justice to our own complexity.It is important to do this because we can count on so few people to go that hard way with us.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|There is no reason good enough for us to ever be out of alignment with Peace, and there is no reason good enough for us to ever be out of alignment with Love.
Emma Cline, The Girls|when you hate a girl because she gets to kiss the boy you like, any little imperfection can become a spiteful nickname
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|If you're just starting out as a writer, you could do worse than strip your television's electric plug-wire, wrap a spike around it, and then stick it back into the wall. See what blows, and how far. Just an idea.
E. Nesbit, Five Children and It|For really there is nothing like wings for getting you into trouble. But, on the other hand, if you are in trouble, there is nothing like wings for getting you out of it.
John Henry Newman|Good is never accomplished except at the cost of those who do it, truth never breaks through except through the sacrifice of those who spread it.
George Saunders, CivilWarLand in Bad Decline|I say it must have been great to grow up when men were men. He says men have always been what the are now, namely incapable of coping with life without the intervention of God the Almighty. Then in the oven behind him my pizza starts smoking and he says case in point.
Kimberly Derting, The Pledge|If you promise to love, trust, respect, support and stand by someone no matter what, do not just speak those words when times are good. Live those words when challenges arise. The stronger the love and commitment, the more unbreakable the bond. United hearts will never be easily divided.
Elizabeth Berg, Joy School|A long time ago, there was no such thing as school, and children spent their days learning a trade, a phrase which here means "standing around doing tedious tasks under the instruction of a bossy adult." In time, however, people realized that the children could be allowed to sit, and the first school was invented.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wind in the Door|But as i lay there, it only seemes like silence filling my ears. And the thing was, it was so freaking loud.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Once you let them establish their ideology in you, they will drive you crazy
Matthew Flaming, The Kingdom of Ohio|Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change. Don't give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy.
Morgan Parker, Textual Encounters 2|Our hearts belong together. And without yours, mine will stop beating.
Divyanka Tripathi|Am I feminist? I don't know. I'm not really sure what that is. I am all up for equality to a certain extent, although in the home, I do feel this is where the mother excels and the man needs to step back a bit. My family is from Nigeria, and this is our culture.
Paul Cezanne|Someone needs to tell the truth, but it shouldn't be my job.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|From time to time, one must release the grime built up inside them to to free their emotions like the ocean.
Jean-Paul Sartre|That God does not exist, I cannot deny, That my whole being cries out for God I cannot forget.
Margaret Atwood, CAT'S EYE.|I’m not used to girls, or familiar with their customs. I feel awkward around them, I don’t know what to say. I know the unspoken rules of boys, but with girls I sense that I am always on the verge of some unforeseen, calamitous blunder.
Neetesh Dixit|They say that "A friend in need is a friend indeed" but what if you don't find one when you need one.
Becky Ruhter|Yes, I was a badass all right. And I no longer felt like I needed someone, but instead WANTED someone to share this newfound badassery with. I deserved the best. Anything else wouldn't do.
Sarah Wright|I never got a chocolate birthday cake; I got a carob one. And when I went to other kids' houses, I was very covetous of things like Cheez Whiz that I'd find in their refrigerators.
Nick Lake, In Darkness|You're a disaster for us, Clary! You're a mundane, you'll always be one, you'll never be a Shadowhunter! You don't know how to think like we do, think about what's best for everyone-- all you think about is yourself! But there's a war now, or there will be, and I don't have time or the inclination to follow around after you, trying to make sure you don't get us killed! Go home, Clary. Go home!
Barbara Bush|The U.S. Military is us. There is no truer representation of a country than the people that it sends into the field to fight for it. The people who wear our uniform and carry our rifles into combat are our kids, and our job is to support them, because they're protecting us.
Winston Graham, The Black Moon|I think you can fall in love many times, and it depends on what stage you are in your life. Your soulmate requirements or deal-breakers change with you.
Karen Chance, A Family Affair|Pritkin, it’s a hotel room, not a death trap!” A glance over his shoulder showed him impatient blue eyes under a fall of messy blond curls. “Anyway, you’re here.”“I can’t protect you from everything,” he forced himself to say, because it was true. It was also frankly terrifying in a way that his own mortality was not. He’d never had children, but he sometimes wondered if this was how parents felt when catching sight of a fearless toddler confidently heading toward a busy street. Not that his charge was a child, as he was all too uncomfortably aware. But the knowledge of just how many potentially lethal pitfalls lay in her path sometimes caused him that same heart-clenching terror.And the same overwhelming need to throw her over his lap and spank the living daylights out of her, he thought grimly, when she suddenly popped out of existence. “Cassie!
Matthew Scully, Dominion: The Power of Man, the Suffering of Animals, and the Call to Mercy|Gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties either -- but right through every human heart -- and through all human hearts. This line shifts. Inside us, it oscillates with the years.
Frederick William Faber|I think happiness is a combination of pleasure, engagement and meaningfulness.
Diriye Osman|As a young gay African, I have been conditioned from an early age to consider my sexuality a dangerous deviation from my true heritage as a Somali by close kin and friends. As a young gay African coming of age in London, there was another whiplash of cultural confusion that one had to recover from again and again: that accepting your sexual identity doesn’t necessarily mean that the wider LGBT community, with its own preconceived notions of what constitutes a "valid" queer identity, will embrace you any more welcomingly than your own prejudiced kinsfolk do.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|Crises marked by anxiety, doubt, and despair have always been those periods of personal unrest that occur at the times when a man is sufficiently unsettled to have an opportunity for personal growth. We must always see our own feelings of uneasiness as being our chance for "making the growth choice rather than the fear choice.
Dada Bhagwan|This is not suitable for me”- to say this is indeed madness, it is nothing but egoism. To say ‘will not suit’ is an offense.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|That weekend the city blushed with a great heat wave but on Monday it rained, cooling the ache in the street’s burn.
Michael Eric Dyson|Jackson’s plight raises difficult questions about leadership and morality. His situation illustrates the need to acknowledge that our leaders will occasionally disappoint themselves and us. If we demand that they be perfect, we risk disillusionment when their shortcomings surface. The underlying flaw of our unwritten compact with leaders is the desperate need to believe that they must be pure to be effective. The best leaders concede their flawed humanity even as they aspire to lofty goals.This does not mean that we should not hold leaders accountable for their actions. To his credit, Jackson acknowledged his failure, sought the forgiveness of his family and followers, and provided for his infant daughter. He is willing to practice the same moral accountability he preaches. Because Jackson has so prominently urged young people to take the high road of personal responsibility, some conclude that his actions reveal hypocrisy. But it is not hypocritical to fail to achieve the moral standards that one believes are correct. Hypocrisy comes when leaders conjure moral standards that they refuse to apply to themselves and when they do not accept the same consequences they imagine for others who offend moral standards.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|Maybe beauty had nothing to do with the garbage TV tried to sell us. It was more a matter of confidence. Either way, I had none.
Joanne St.Clair|Too bad I love you, you'd be dead by now
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When men do not know their assignment on earth they kill themselves psychologically and emotionally, wallowing in different careers and meddling in dreams of others. They become restless and engage in unhealthy competition - living unfulfilled lives
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|Shortly afterwards it started raining, very innocently at first, but the sky was packed tight with cloud and gradually the drops grew bigger and heavier, until it was autumn’s dismal rain that was falling—rain that seemed to fill the entire world with its leaden beat, rain suggestive in its dreariness of everlasting waterfalls between the planets, rain that thatched the heavens with drabness and brooded oppressively over the whole countryside, like a disease, strong in the power of its flat, unvarying monotony, its smothering heaviness, its cold, unrelenting cruelty. Smoothly, smoothly it fell, over the whole shire, over the fallen marsh grass, over the troubled lake, the iron-grey gravel flats, the sombre mountain above the croft, smudging out every prospect. And the heavy, hopeless, interminable beat wormed its way into every crevice in the house, lay like a pad of cotton wool over the ears, and embraced everything, both near and far, in its compass, like an unromantic story from life itself that has no rhythm and no crescendo, no climax, but which is nevertheless overwhelming in its scope, terrifying in its significance. And at the bottom of this unfathomed ocean of teeming rain sat the little house and its one neurotic woman.
Susan Wiggs, At the King's Command|Her name was a silent song on his lips. Her love was like a circle in the water, radiating ever outward, inevitably encompassing even the remotest of hearts.
Maya Angelou|I’m grateful for being here, for being able to think, for being able to see, for being able to taste, for appreciating love – for knowing that it exists in a world so rife with vulgarity, with brutality and violence, and yet love exists. I’m grateful to know that it exists.
Firoozeh Dumas, Funny in Farsi: A Memoir of Growing Up Iranian in America|When a couple came to class together, it meant something else entirely - food as a solution, a diversion, or, occasionally, a playground.
Hunter S. Thompson|Publishers are notoriously slothful about numbers, unless they're attached to dollar signs - unlike journalists, quarterbacks, and felony criminal defendants who tend to be keenly aware of numbers at all times.
Eda J. LeShan|When we cannot bear to be alone, it means we do not properly value the only companion we will have from birth to death - ourselves.
Théodore Monod|Do we ever have to abandon all hope? Is it not perhaps a good thing that by refusing to give in to the evidence, the dreams that lie half awake in us all may persist?
Leonard Cohen|Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I confess I found it somewhat insipid when I last went....it was all so prosy - so bonnety - so whisty and teacuppy - you see, the adjectives for it do not even exist, and I must invent them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A thought, no matter how small and forgotten, always has an eternal impact on the Cosmos. Most times, we can only see the material and just about beyond the immediate, but if we could trace this thought through all Creation... well, it would be a whole universe in itself.
William James, Psychology: The Briefer Course|Most of us probably fall several times a day into a fit somewhat like this: The eyes are fixed on vacancy, the sounds of the world melt into a confused unity, the attention is dispersed so that the whole body is felt, as it were, at once, and the foreground of consciousness is filled, if by anything, by a sort of solemn sense of surrender to the empty passing of time. In the dim background of our mind we know meanwhile what we ought to be doing: getting up, dressing ourselves, answering the person who has spoken to us, trying to make the next step in our reasoning. But somehow we cannot start; the pensée de derrière la tête [thought at the back of the head] fails to pierce the shell of lethargy that wraps our state about. Every moment we expect the shell to break, for we know no reason why it should continue. But it does continue, pulse after pulse, and we float with it, until—also without reason that we can discover—an energy is given, something—we know not what—enables us to gather ourselves together, we wink our eyes, we shake our head, the background ideas become effective, and the wheels of life go round again.
Mohith Agadi|No matter how big or small the service is, Always express your Thanks to the person who served you.
Emmet Fox|When someone does something good, applaud! You will make two people happy.
