Anthony Burgess, Little Wilson and Big God: The First Part of the Confession|Nothing goes on forever. If it did, there wouldn't be anything else, would there?
Albert J. Bernstein, Emotional Vampires: Dealing with People Who Drain You Dry|The old men had a set rabbit-hunting strategy that they had always used. Usually when a dog jumps a rabbit, and the rabbit gets away, that rabbit will always somehow instinctively run in a circle and return sooner or later past the very spot where he originally was jumped. Well, the old men would just sit and wait in hiding somewhere for the rabbit to come back, then get their shots at him. I got to thinking about it, and finally I thought of a plan. I would separate from them and Big Boy and I would go to a point where I figured that the rabbit, returning, would have to pass me first.It worked like magic. I began to get three and four rabbits before they got one. The astonishing thing was that none of the old men ever figured out why. They outdid themselves exclaiming what a sure shot I was. I was about twelve, then. All I had done was to improve on their strategy, and it was the beginning of a very important lesson in life—that anytime you find someone more successful than you are, especially when you’re both engaged in the same business—you know they’re doing something that you aren’t.
David Louden, Lost Angeles|It hadn’t always been this way, that’s a cliché, but it is a cliché for a reason. It’s not like anyone starts a relationship with nothing to say to the other person. No-one wants to feel like a complete stranger and live together because it’s easier than trying to remember who owns the copy of Almost Famous – which was mine by the way.
Seth Grahame-Smith, How to Survive a Horror Movie|To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume, utterly impossible; yet a curiosity to penetrate the mysteries of these awful regions predominates even over my despair, and will reconcile me to the most hideous aspect of death.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I mean, like most guys, you carry around this girl in your head, who is exactly who you want her to be. The person you think you will love the most. And every girl you are with gets measured against this girl in your head.
Ally Carter, Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy|Because even though the truth can set you free, that doesn't mean it won't be painful.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|I have something to fight for and live for; that makes me a better killer. I've got what amounts to a religion now. It's learning how to breathe all over again. And how to lie in the sun getting a tan, letting the sun work into you. And how to hear music and how to read a book. What does your civilization offer?
Mark Leary, Understanding the Mysteries of Human Behavior|Too many words left unsaid, instead of everything could come at once and break you all for once.
Darryl Stewart|God, may you need to tell him off and say FU?This will allow to be empowered and take your life back. Many of us have been angry and rageful towards him. Maybe it time for a conversation?I started this and I found my purpose and path because I was no longer blocked by my overwhelming rages at GOD. Fancy that.
John Mark Green|Let's burn our masks at midnightand as flickering flames ascend,under the witness of star-clouds,let us vow to reclaim our true selves.Done with hiding and weary of lying,we'll reconcile without and within.Then, like naked squint-eyed newborns,we'll greet the glorious birth of dawn;blinking at the blazing, wondrous colorswe somehow failed to notice before.
Martin Luther|We design our world, while our world acts back on us and designs us.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|WILL YOU DANCE WITH MEAs we stand here,Hand in hand,Under the neon lightsOf Truth and Love.I'm asking you toDance with me.To twirl,Kick,Drop,Jump,And flyWith me.Skidding andSliding acrossThe dancefloor of life,I want you toGlide with me.Through theSaddest andHappiest songs,The fastest highsTo the longest andSlowest lows,I want you toFlow throughThem allWithMe.
Steve Maraboli|When you don't have a vision or a plan for the future, your mind has no choice but to dwell in the past.
Frances Beinecke|I've always been into guitars... we want to put keyboards on, but keyboard players don't look cool onstage, they just keep their heads down. There has never been a cool keyboard player, apart from Elton John.
Charli XCX|One of the reasons I'm excited by what visionary Elon Musk has done with the Tesla is to show that you can reduce global warming and drive a powerful, fun car. A cool car helps make a cooler planet.
Bohdi Sanders, Modern Bushido: Living a Life of Excellence|Joanna's quietly intent nature contrasted sharply with Holly's vibrancy. While Miss Brewster's flirtation stroked his ego, the spiritual maturity Miss Robbin's exhibited commanded his admiration and respect.
Nick Sagan, Idlewild|When I think of Simone now, I think of butterfly wings. Beautiful and excruciatingly delicate. Touch them once and they might disintegrate.
Meredith Schorr, A State of Jane|There was a part of me that was so horny, I wanted to climb on top of Randall on the first date. But there was also a part of me that was so terrified, I wanted to go home, put on my feety pajamas and hibernate for the winter.
Anthony Liccione|Set a clear focus in your life , and fear will be crowded out. The more you fix your eyes on God’s purpose for you, the more you will overcome your fear.
John Boyne, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas|...Despite the mayhem that followed, Bruno found that he was still holding Shmuel's hand in his own and nothing in the world would have persuaded him to let go.
Mao Zedong|I am a lover of truth; and if you think of truth as being multifaceted and so huge that we human beings can't fully comprehend it, then obviously it makes sense to put all the facts together - to compare disciplines and try to advance the sum of knowledge by exploration and examination.
Theodore Roosevelt|All good that you have done for the humanity, keep it like a secret; do your goodness in the shadow! Let one day others find this secret, preferably long after you have passed away!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|If you live your life to please others, sometimes you neglect yourself. You deserve happiness. You deserve peace. You deserve love and respect. Don't get caught up and deprive the very essence of you
Nikki Rowe|With you it's different, There isn't a catostrophic emotion of endorphines, but there is a silent feeling of contentment & peace. I won't deny I have my fears, but your worth the discovery.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium Stories: Hana, Annabel, and Raven|Is it possible to tell the truth in a society of lies? Or must you always, of necessity, become a liar?And if you lie to a liar, is the sun somehow negated or reversed?
Sunday Adelaja|For life to smile at you, you must equip yourself with the power of change.
Shon Hyneman|Give me the strength to lead, for I fear otherwise we may hang ourselves.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|A few of the gunslingers dance, but only a few. And they were the young ones. The other ones only sat, and it seemed to me they were half embarrassed in all that light, that civilized light.
Shannon L. Alder|Don't beg for approval or expect respect. Respect comes from within and your choice to allow people to take it from you, by how you teach them to treat you.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|To conceive of a god in one’s image is already quite a feat for inflated egos. To imagine, however, that this likeness has chosen your generation amongst the thousands for ending the party is to bring the egocentrism to new heights.
Élisabeth Badinter, The Conflict: How Modern Motherhood Undermines the Status of Women|You don't get your prebaby body back, ever, because you cannot go back to being a person who hasn't had a baby. Because you had a baby.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Art of Manifesting Abundance|To me, the simplest gift that a husband or a wife can do for their partner is to remind them of their precious visions, goals and dreams. What a gift that is to have a voice of reason right in your corner when you sometimes need a little nudge to get back on track. To have a team player to cheer you on and to support your efforts is indeed a massive present from the universe. Whomever has such a gift should surely treasure and protect it for all its worth. It's worth is invaluable to the world.
Csaba Gabor - B|Luck is not some esoteric, godlike phenomenon. Luck is countable but undefinable. Luck easily can be explained as number of factors acting in a favour of a person. These factors' behaviour could be statistically proved , and the probability of such result is possible. It is not related to something explainable event. Actually, the miracle would be if these events (luck) are not in presence in our life. The matter as then would be mathematics proved wrong. So, make your luck!"﻿
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|I lost my freedom for so many years. Until he entered my cage. Him, with the black eyes and blacker soul.
Nick Lake, Hostage Three|Myth: US housing market is in recovery. Fact: Big banks have been hiding their bloated home inventory, seized by virtue of home foreclosures.
E.S. Carter, Three|It's me I'm losing control of. Hundreds of sketches, and still can't get enough of your face." He traces the dimple in my chin with his thumb. "Your neck." His palm moves along my throat. "Your..." both hands find my waist and drag me off the table so we're standing toe tote. "I'm not wasting another second drawing you," he whispers against my lips, "when I can touch you instead." He presses his mouth to mine.A spark, hot and electric, jumps between us. Shock and sensation shimmer through me, aglow with his heat ad flavor. Six year of secret desire. Six years of denying that he's the orbit of my world.To think, he's been running from me, too.
Paul Regnier, Space Drifters: The Emerald Enigma|There were no mirrors nearby to pose in front of, but I was convinced I was looking pretty awesome.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|I was not born with a silver spoon in my mouth, nor did I have access to information like you do today via the internet. I had to learn everything the hard way. And I had to become a scientist the old-fashioned way, which is, not through academia, but through trial and error. And my hardship opened up unforeseen gateways of perception in my mind. And through these gateways, today the whole world is able to see its inner self.
Carolyn Keene, The Clue of the Broken Locket|I just know that any time I undertake a case, I'm apt to run into some kind of a trap.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Cursed|Sometimes, I have to look twice at you just to see if you’re actually real. That much beauty is dangerous.
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|And I was remembering that time in our lives together, the time of those ritual walks. I was remembering the way it feels at just that moment when you begin to turn, when you’re poised exactly between the things in life you want to do and those you need to do, and it seems for a few blessed seconds that they are all going to be the same.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|He has a traditional shopper's DNA, an eye for freshness and appearance, and a consistent sense of a home to go back to.
-Unknown|When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Sebastian Junger, War|Stripped to its essence, combat is a series of quick decisions and rather precise actions carried out in concert with ten or twelve other men. In that sense it’s much more like football than, say, like a gang fight. The unit that choreographs their actions best usually wins. They might take casualties, but they win. That choreography—you lay down fire while I run forward, then I cover you while you move your team up—is so powerful that it can overcome enormous tactical deficits. There is choreography for storming Omaha Beach, for taking out a pillbox bunker, and for surviving an L-shaped ambush at night on the Gatigal. The choreography always requires that each man make decisions based not on what’s best for him, but on what’s best for the group. If everyone does that, most of the group survives. If no one does, most of the group dies. That, in essence, is combat.
K.W. Jeter, Morlock Night|Every minister worthy of the name has to walk the line between prophetic vision and spiritual sustenance, between telling people the comforting things they want to hear and challenging them with the difficult things they need to hear. In Oxford, Daddy began to feel as though all the members wanted him to do was to marry them and bury them and stay away from their souls.
Pelé|The more difficult the VICTORY,The Greater the Happiness in WINING
Hamza wolf|When those who name dead people have gone, there just remains the calmness of foreign cemeteries, in which nothing appears familiar and nothing frightens you.
Richard von Krafft-Ebing|I have fooled life and life has fooled me. We are quits. I say good-bye. Think sometimes in the hour of happiness of your poor, comical fool who loved you truly and so well.
Amy Bloom|Be real and be unashamed, even of your faults. I do truly know what my husband is made of and vice versa. 
Wendell Berry, Bringing it to the Table: On Farming and Food|[Neighbor is] not he whom I find in my path, but rather he in whose path I place myself, he whom I approach and actively seek.
Nikki Rowe|Have you ever thought; whilst looking all this time for the magic in the world, it's been inside you all along? No matter how far you travel, how wide you spread your wings and learn to fly if you have no idea what treasures hide within you you'll be searching your entire life.
Cindi Madsen, Resisting the Hero|A guy approached her, beer bottle in one hand, smiling at her in that way guys do when they think they’re good- looking enough to smile and get anything they want. “My friend and I were just talking about what a sausage fest this was, and then you came in.” He ran his appraising gaze down her body, lingering on the V of her neckline.Faith crossed her arms. “That works out, because I’m here for a weenie roast.He put a protective hand over his package—probably without realizing he was doing it—but his smile widened.
Thomas Newkirk, Holding on to Good Ideas in a Time of Bad Ones: Six Literacy Principles Worth Fighting for|[The Internet] affects democracy... As more and more citizens express what they think, and defend it in writing, that will change the way people understand public issues. It is easy to be wrong and misguided in your head. It is harder when the product of your mind can be criticized by others. Of course, it is a rare human who admits that he has been persuaded that he is wrong. But it is even rarer for a human to ignore when he has been proven wrong. The writing of ideas, arguments, and criticism improves democracy.
Millard Kaufman|If. If Mingus Rude could be kept in this place, kept somehow in Dylan's pocket, in his stinging, smudgy hands, then summer wouldn't give way to whatever came after. If. If. Fat chance. Summer on Dean Street had lasted one day and that day was over, it was dark out, had been for hours. The Williamsburg Savings Bank tower clock read nine-thirty in red-and-blue neon. Final score, a million to nothing. The million-dollar kid.Your school wasn't on fire, you were.
Alfred Russel Wallace|From dead plant matter to nematodes to bacteria, never underestimate the cleverness of mushrooms to find new food!
April Cassidy, The Peaceful Wife|I decided to throw out everything I thought I knew about following Christ, being a woman, being a godly wife, masculinity, and marriage.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|He could no longer pretend not to have been brought to his knees by her blows, and he could no longer avoid the sentiments that his heart forced him to feel.
Richard G. Scott|Repeatedly I have been impressed to learn that to reach a goal never before attained, one must do things never before done.
James Rozoff, Stories Light And Dark: Ten Short Stories|Will is a gift from God, desire from the devil.
Harper Lee|If a man says to you, "This is the truth," and you believe him, and you discover what he says is not the truth, you are disappointed and you make sure you will not be caught by him again. But a man who has lived the truth--and you have believed in what he has lived--he does not leave you merely wary when he fails you, he leaves you with nothing.
Connie Willis, Bellwether|What's Management up to?" I whispered to Bennett."My guess is a new acronym," he whispered. "Departmental Unification Management Business." He wrote down the ltters on his legal pad. "D.U.M.B.
Steve Goodier|Hard to remember these days that there was a time you had to wait for the ink and paper reviews to see your work excoriated. With the invention of the internet, any subliterate cretin can be Michiko Kakutani.
A.E.H. Veenman, Dial QR for Murder|The bell seemed to have set off analarm in my brain, and I glimpsed at the mysterious envelope on my desk.There was another item I should’ve gotten from my single-shoe salesman.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Fraulein Schmidt and Mr Anstruther|I loved watching her run around. I was in love with the innocence of dogs, the purity of their affection. They didn’t know enough to hide their feelings. They existed. A dog was a dog.
Hugh MacLeod, Ignore Everybody: and 39 Other Keys to Creativity|People are fond of spouting out the old cliché about how Van Gogh never sold a painting in his lifetime. Somehow his example serves to justify to us, decades later, that there is merit in utter failure.Perhaps, but the man did commit suicide. The market for his work took off big-time shortly after his death. Had he decided to stick around another few decades he most likely would’ve entered old age quite prosperous. And sadly for failures everywhere, the cliché would have lost a lot of its power.The fact is, the old clichés work for us in abstract terms, but they never work out in real life quite the same way. Life is messy; clichés are clean and tidy.
Tiffany Baker, The Gilly Salt Sisters|She did it without thinking--At that moment she was pure Gilly again: red-haired, with fury for blood, perfect aim, and nothing to lose.
Emma Stone|Yeah, I get to fight in 'Eclipse.' My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Get me in here. Get me in here now!" I order. I have to get out of the swamp before it happens again.But it does.I feel it before I see it. Dozens of thick, razor-sharp needles pierce my right leg, sinking into my skin. It hurts like nothing I've felt before, and a strangled scream of pain escapes me.Babette whips her head around, the motor forgotten. "Rylan! What is it!""Get me out! GET ME OUT!" I scream. Fearfully, I look over my shoulder, but seconds later I wish I hadn't as the attacker comes to the surface. It has a scaly body, sharp claws, feral eyes, and a long, ugly, sneering snout that's clamped around my leg.Melanie identifies it with a shriek. "GATOR!
Hilary T. Smith|It's hard to say which I like more, the perfectly happy days or the hours right after we've ended a good fight.
John (Fire) Lame Deer|One thus gets an impression that civilization is something which was imposed on a resisting majority by a minority which understood how to obtain possession of the means to power and coercion. It is, of course, natural to assume that these difficulties are not inherent in the nature or civilization itself but are determined by the imperfections of the cultural forms which have so far been developed. And in fact it is not difficult to indicate those defects. While mankind has made continual advances in its control over nature and may expect to make still greater ones, it is not possible to establish with certainty that a similar advance has been made in the management of human affairs; and probably at all periods, just as now once again, many people have asked themselves whether what little civilization has thus acquired is indeed worth defending at all. One would think that a re-ordering of human relations should be possible, which would remove the sources of dissatisfaction with civilization by renouncing coercion and the suppression of the instincts, so that, undisturbed by internal discord, men might devote themselves to the acquisition of wealth and its enjoyment. That would be a golden age, but it is questionable if such a state of affairs can be realized. It seems rather that every civilization must be built upon coercion and renunciation of instinct; it does not even seem certain that if coercion were to cease the majority of human beings would be prepared to undertake to perform the work necessary for acquiring new wealth. One has, I think, to reckon with the fact that there are present in all men destructive, and therefore anti-social and anti-cultural, trends and that in a great number of people these are strong enough to determine their behavior in human society.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|He was slumped over, blood trickling from the side of his mouth. I shook his furry hip, thinking, No! Even if you are half barnyard animal, you're my best friend and I don't want you to die!
Piet Hein, Grooks 1|After all, what is art? Art is the creative process and it goes through all fields. Einstein’s theory of relativity – now that is a work of art! Einstein was more of an artist in physics than on his violin.Art is this: art is the solution of a problem which cannot be expressed explicitly until it is solved.
John Tyndall, Faraday as a Discoverer|... though he [Michael Faraday] took no cities, he captivated all hearts.
Mo Ibrahim|I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield|Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|No matter how much time and space may come between us, I still feel you.
James Dickey|... Up telephone poles, Which rear, half out of leavageAs though they would shriekLike things smothered by their ownGreen, mindless, unkillable ghosts.In Georgia, the legend saysThat you must close your windowsAt night to keep it out of the houseThe glass is tinged with green, even so,As the tendrils crawl over the fields.The night the Kudzu hasYour pasture, you sleep like the dead.Silence has grown orientalAnd you cannot step upon the ground...ALL: Kudzu by James Dickey
Daniel Quinn|Contemporary writers use animal-transformation themes to explore issues of gender, sexuality, race, culture, and the process of transformation...just as storytellers have done, all over the world, for many centuries past. One distinct change marks modern retellings, however, reflecting our changed relationship to animals and nature. In a society in which most of us will never encounter true danger in the woods, the big white bear who comes knocking at the door [in fairy tales] is not such a frightening prospective husband now; instead, he's exotic, almost appealing.Whereas once wilderness was threatening to civilization, now it's been tamed and cultivated; the dangers of the animal world have a nostalgic quality, removed as they are from our daily existence. This removal gives "the wild" a different kind of power; it's something we long for rather than fear. The shape-shifter, the were-creature, the stag-headed god from the heart of the woods--they come from a place we'd almost forgotten: the untracked forests of the past; the primeval forests of the mythic imagination; the forests of our childhood fantasies: untouched, unspoiled, limitless.Likewise, tales of Animal Brides and Bridegrooms are steeped in an ancient magic and yet powerfully relevant to our lives today. They remind us of the wild within us...and also within our lovers and spouses, the part of them we can never quite know. They represent the Others who live beside us--cat and mouse and coyote and owl--and the Others who live only in the dreams and nightmares of our imaginations. For thousands of years, their tales have emerged from the place where we draw the boundary lines between animals and human beings, the natural world and civilization, women and men, magic and illusion, fiction and the lives we live.
Neymar|Well, there's not a day goes by when I don't get up and say thank you to somebody.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|I'm serious, Harry, don't go." But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.That third night he found his way more quickly than before. He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn't meet anyone.And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. Harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all night with his family. Nothing at all.
RVM|Life is a maze. Don't just gaze. Change your pace, to win the race.
Debasish Mridha|To see the beauty, love
Susan C. Young|Did you once have a grand plan which has become obsolete and no longer serves you? If there are areas in your life which must change to help you create better results, a redesign may be in order. Consider going back to the ‘drawing board’ to deconstruct what isn’t working and start anew.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|I often wonder if God recognizes His own son the way we've dressed him up, or is it dressed him down?
Andrew Sabitov|As proof that HOW we see things matters, Gen. Montgomery took a preprepared text that had been deemed an innocuous complement to his American troops and delivered it in such a way that his condescension prompted more division than unity.
Robert Neil Flieischer|Justice is blind, but judges have eyes.
Dominic Riccitello|They say if the love is true, then it’s easy. But that’s false. Love is complicated. It’s sticky. It’s bliss and it’s a mix of emotions. It’s not easy.
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|Yes, just like those flowers. There's something strained, but there's beauty in that. Something like that
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|There are moments of heartache and heartbreak, that we wonder how we did not drop dead in our pain. Perhaps, it is in the gift of shock that we, slowly in the midst of adversity, find acceptance and discover our peace of knowing and growing in the experience... We can remind each other that what did not kill us, but felt like it should have, will strengthen us to live our lives to it’s fullest. That faint whisper within each one of us, that knowing, if we will but listen, is continually reminding us that our hearts truly can go on.
Mensah Oteh|Without emotion, all thoughts or words are powerless.
T.D. Jakes, Reposition Yourself: Living Life Without Limits|When you get into bed with evil incarnate, it always takes the covers
Marius Vieth|As Marcel Proust understood, memory is not exclusively or even predominantly visual. It is synesthetic, a combination and even a confusion of the senses that no simple image can reach or encapsulate. A photograph can act as a spur to memory, it can yield treasures, like looking under your bed and finding the baseball card you were certain you lost. But an image stands mute before the inexpressible delicacy, horror, humor, and associative complexity of our experience.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|He brings the cigarette butt to his mouth and lights up. He breathes in, and coughs; a rattling helicopter with a broken blade crashing into a herd of trombone playing sheep falling off a cliff into a DIY shop with a discount on spanners.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... Error, by force of contrast, enhances the triumph of Truth...
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|Sigh like the wind--open your arms, your chest, your heart--and all creatures will hum to you.
Jesse Ventura|Did you really think we want those laws observed?" said Dr. Ferris. "We want them to be broken. You'd better get it straight that it's not a bunch of boy scouts you're up against... We're after power and we mean it... There's no way to rule innocent men. The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws. Who wants a nation of law-abiding citizens? What's there in that for anyone? But just pass the kind of laws that can neither be observed nor enforced or objectively interpreted – and you create a nation of law-breakers – and then you cash in on guilt. Now that's the system, Mr. Reardon, that's the game, and once you understand it, you'll be much easier to deal with.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The calming sea reaches out to me. Inviting me to its pure serenity."-Elizabeth's Quotes (inspired by a Pablo Neruda quote "I need the sea because it teaches me.")
Willie Nelson|Learning another language is not only learning different words for the same things, but learning another way to think about things.
J.R. Ward, Immortal|You convinced me that you're a good kisser, that doesn't mean you like me." "I'm here pretending to be your boyfriend with the possibility of getting zero benefits from you. Trust me kitten, I like you. I like you a whole lottle, remember?
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|By the 1980s beauty had come to play in women’s status-seeking the same role as money plays in that of men: a defensive proof to aggressive competitors of womanhood or manhood. Since both value systems are reductive, neither reward is ever enough, and each quickly loses any relationship to real-life values.
J D ROBB|Mostly I'd like to be taller. If I could be a couple inches taller, just have them stretch me out, my ass would be smaller.Peabody from Secrets in Death
Stephen King|I know how bad you boys feel, but the sun will still come up tomorrow. And when it does, you 'll feel better. When the sun comes up the day after tomorrow, a little better still. This is just a part of your life, and it's over. It would have been better to win, but either way, it's over. Life will go on.
Daphne Clair|On romance books: We might assume then that men, major consumers of thrillers, westerns, and detective fiction, enjoy being beaten up, tortured, shot, stabbed dragged by galloping horses, and thrown out of moving vehicles.
Mike Royko, Boss: Richard J. Daley of Chicago|If the regular pay was important to him, the opportunity to learn was of even greater long-range significance.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|Every Adventure Has a Back Story. When we look at our past relationships, often there are one or two we may tend to go back to in our minds, and we see them through the magic of the seven veils.
Mark Twain, On the Decay of the Art of Lying|Those who believe that liberal democracy and the free market can be defended by the force of law and regulation alone, without an internalised sense of duty and morality, are tragically mistaken.
Jael McHenry|The wisdom teachings that permeate this book revolve around the truth that radically honest, compassionate self-exploration leads to self-awareness, and that true self-awareness is always healing. It opens us to the naturalness of love, peace, joy, and our own boundless creativity. Love, and especially self-love and acceptance, is the greatest healing force that I have gleaned thus far.
United States House Judiciary Committee of Congress 1854|If money could motivate the merchants of England to cross death-defying oceans and enter the interior of China at great personal risk of the loss of life, could not the love of Christ motivate the missionaries to do the same for the sake of the gospel?
Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process|The law itself was originally created in order to protect property. However, the law has been falsely attributed to being the reason property exists in the first place. At least, this is what the state would have us believe. The law does not create property rights because these already existed before the law was created. It is this false attribution that allows the state apparatus to conduct its mission of expropriation.
Graeme Cameron, Normal|People say ‘dogs who roam in Mercedes are Lucky’, this is your feeling, not the Dog’s!!!
K.F. Breene|I can't learn everything in a few months, Charles. Magic came first. Stupid hierarchy of egotistical penises had to take a backseat.""Penises don't have egos. And what about the women in command? They can be pretty damn bitchy.""The women have bigger balls than you do, Charles. Let's get focused."Kind of a dick thing to say.
Ashley Graham|The bond between food and me is like other relationships in my life: complicated, evolving, demanding, and in need of constant work. But together we’ve come so far, moving from my childhood obligation to clean my plate, to a mindless need to fill up, to a truly nourishing and pleasurable exchange. That’s the real reward.
Eva Hoffman, Lost in Translation: A Life in a New Language|When my turn on the program comes, I am not nervous at all—because all this is happening out of time, out of space. I am, for a moment, a figure of my own fantasy, and I play my appointed role as if I were in the movies.
Jane Austen|I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.
Terri Windling|Hell's bells, Susan, you don't know what you've done. You've got to get outof here."She snorted. "Like hell.""I mean it," I said. "You're in danger.""Relax, Harry. I'm not letting anyone lick me, and I'm not looking anyone in the eyes. It's kind of like visiting New York.
Warsan Shire|Mother says there are locked rooms inside all women, kitchen of love, bedroom of grief, bathroom of apathy. Sometimes, the men, they come with keys, and sometimes the men, they come with hammers.
Li Ka-shing|In this enlightened age, there are few I believe, but what will acknowledge, that slavery as an institution is a moral & political evil in any country. It is useless to expatiate on its disadvantages.
Morwen Navarre, Ghost's Sight|We stepped in, and, as we paid the cover charge, the music hit us. The double doors buzzed open and we walked in. A handsome man and his lover in an orange top snuggled as they walked to the exit. Veronica turned to me and smiled, taking my hand. I unbuttoned my shirt at the neck and exposed my collar. It was a thin metal collar with a padlock on the front. If the padlock wasn’t attached it would have looked like any other interesting necklace that was tight against my neck, but it got more interesting with the padlock. 	On Veronica’s left hand there was a thick bracelet, and that had a key on it. Her right wrist had a glow bracelet. We walked past the tables of people as they drank and screamed over the music to talk. We decided to go right to the dance floor. She took me by the hand, led me.	We were on the dance floor and I couldn’t dance. I ended up just throwing myself around, getting lost in the people surrounding us. The bodies pressed against us, the industrial music loud and crisp. The bass shook your bones, and my ribcage felt like it was rattled to pieces. I closed my eyes and just moved. Veronica moved with a grace I hadn’t seen in awhile when I opened my eyes. She pressed herself against a couple that surrounded her. I felt my breath catch in my throat, my heart pounded from excitement. She squeezed past them and moved to me, her hands ran down my face, and then she gripped the padlock with her left hand.	She pulled me down to her, which wasn’t very far, but it was the intensity of the moment that made all the difference. What she did next made me jump, my body tensed and relaxed in milliseconds. She gave me a deep kiss, and, while she kissed me, distracted me, her other hand undid my padlock. I pulled back as I jumped in shock. Our eyes were locked on each others’ in the flashing neon stage lights. She had a twinkle in her eye as she pulled me close to her.	“Find a man, for you.”	I pulled back, looked at her in surprise. She smiled wickedly, an erotic edge to her features suddenly. She was hot when she was getting dressed and she was even hotter now. I didn’t know what the hell was going on, but I leaned into her ear.	“Are you looking for a woman?
Oscar Wilde|I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
William Allingham, Blackberries|Is idleness indeed so black a crime?What are the Busy doing, half their time?
Carol Matas, Greater Than Angels|Will you be all right?" she askedHow could
Marcus Brigstocke|I grew up on classic Nintendo, which was amazing. My best friends were hardcore into it.
Mike  Foster|Lobbing hand grenades on the bride of Christ takes zero talent or effort. I also think this really ticks God off. My five-year-old child complains and whines when things aren't the way she wants them, but courageous men and women roll up their sleeves and get busy. I want to be an active participant in putting back together the broken pieces.
Shimon Peres|It's always really challenging trying to go from player to player/coach. You have a kind of friendship basis of relationship with all of your teammates, and now you go to this power position where you have to make decisions that might hurt people's feelings.
rassool jibraeel snyman|This Self is never born, nor does It die. It did not spring from anything, nor did anything spring from It. This Ancient One is unborn, eternal, everlasting. It is not slain even though the body is slain.
Mary Calmes, Honored Vow|I smiled at Logan, so very pleased with him for seeing that Domin, too, needed a slice of Logan cake, needed his attention, validation, trust, and to be told, once and for all, that he mattered, that he, too, was necessary.
Norman Bethune|All things are poison and nothing is without poison, only the dose permits something not to be poisonous.
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|but darling if he loved you, would he want to see you cry?
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|When we speak of the human animal's spontaneous interchange with the animate landscape, we acknowledge a felt relation to the mysterious that was active long before any formal or priestly religions. The instinctive rapport with an enigmatic cosmos at once both nourishing and dangerous lies at the ancient heart of all we have come to call "the sacred". Temporarily forgotten, paved over yet never eradicated, this old reciprocity with the breathing earth was here long before all our formal religions, and it will likely outlast all our formal religions. For it has always been operative underneath our various religions, nourishing them from below like a subterranean river. There is no disdain for religion in such a statement. We can honor the awesome eloquence of each religion while acknowledging the precarious nature of church-based faiths in today's crowded and crisis-ridden world, where people of divergent scriptures must somehow learn to get along. Our greatest hope for the future rests not in the triumph of any single set of beliefs, but in the acknowledgment of a felt mystery that underlies all our doctrines. It rests in the remembering of that corporeal faith that flows underneath all mere beliefs: the human body's implicit faith in the steady sustenance of the air and the renewal of light every dawn, its faith in mountains and rivers and the enduring support of the ground, in the silent germination of seeds and the cyclical return of the salmon. There are no priests needed in such a faith, no intermediaries or experts necessary to effect our contact with the sacred, since - carnally immersed as we are in the thick of this breathing planet - we each have our own intimate access to the big mystery.
Jose Luis Borges|As a boy, I used to marvel that the letters in a closed book did not get scrambled and lost overnight.
Charlie Worsham|Coming up, the music of my era was very conscious. I grew up on Public Enemy, and it was popular culture to be aware. People were wearing Malcolm X T-shirts and Malcolm X hats. It was a very cool thing to know who Malcolm X was. It was all in the lyrics. It was trendy to be conscious and aware.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|Every teenager in the world feels like that, feels broken or out of place, different somehow, royalty mistakenly born into a family of peasants. The difference in your case is that it's true.
Josephine Angelini, Witch's Pyre|Enemy," hiss the bushes all around. The rest of the Pride glided forward, surrounding Lily, Rowan, and Spike.
Margaret Atwood, Negotiating with the Dead|There's an epigram tacked to my office bulletin board, pinched from a magazine -- "Wanting to meet an author because you like his work is like wanting to meet a duck because you like pâté.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Another thing I've been trying to do on my walks is to know what I'm looking at, when I'm looking at it. I want to be smart. When I walk down the sidewalk I see about a hundred different kinds of bugs and all I do is point at them like a caveman and say 'Ugh, look, a bug,' but I know each one of them must have a different name and a different reason why and how it came to be on the planet, and I don't know any of that stuff.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Cucullus non facit monachum; that’s as much to say, as I wear not motley in my brain.
Poppet, Ryan|It's a heady aphrodisiac being exposed to his unique voice when he adopts that tone. His voice reverbs on a bunch of notes simultaneously. It's the first thing you notice about Ryan, his voice sounds like an orchestra playing a symphony composed by angels. It's most distracting until you grow immune to it, and now I'm back to completely infected with the Ryan voice virus.
Marcello Malpighi|Nature has but one plan of operation, invariably the same in the smallest things as well as in the largest, and so often do we see the smallest masses selected for use in Nature, that even enormous ones are built up solely by fitting these together. Indeed, all Nature's efforts are devoted to uniting the smallest parts of our bodies in such a way that all things whatsoever, however diverse they may be, which coalesce in the structure of living things construct the parts by means of a sort of compendium.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|Travel is such a wonderful experience! Especially when you forget you are traveling. Then you will enjoy whatever you see and do. Those who look into themselves when they travel will not think about what they see. In fact, there is no distinction between the viewer and the seen. You experience everything with the totality of yourself, so that every blade of grass, every mountain, every lake is alive and is a part of you. When there is no division between you and what is other, this is the ultimate experience of traveling.
Tommy Lasorda|Pressure is a word that is misused in our vocabulary. When you start thinking of pressure, it's because you've started to think of failure.
Earl M. Coleman|Ella had asked the writer how it felt to see her own works published. Seläntö had smiled sweetly at her and whispered, “You know what? It makes you understand why a dog eats its own vomit.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|So she thoroughly taught him that one cannot take pleasure without giving pleasure, and that every gesture, every caress, every touch, every glance, every last bit of the body has its secret, which brings happiness to the person who knows how to wake it. She taught him that after a celebration of love the lovers should not part without admiring each other, without being conquered or having conquered, so that neither is bleak or glutted or has the bad feeling of being used or misused.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Long Winter|The sacred formula of positivism: love as a principle, the order as a foundation, and progress as a goal.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|To hold on, you have to find something you're willing to die for.
Charles M. Schulz|Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|I said it was a brutal thing."No, it was a human thing. You should not insult the brutes by such a misuse of that word; they have not deserved it,
CL Bennett|laughter is the best medicine in life, chocolate is the substitute!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every road leads to sorrow. All aspects that make life beautiful – friendship, love, art, and truth – will end. All aspects that make life hideous – pain, poverty, illness, betrayal, hate, crime, war – will also end. The fact that human life is a mere blip on a cosmic scale is no reason for personal angst as we came from nothingness and will return to the great void that birthed us.
Mooji|I'm very depressed how in this country you can be told "That's offensive" as though those two words constitute an argument.
Aly Raisman|Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|The misery and greatness of this world: it offers no truths, but only objects for love. Absurdity is king, but love saves us from it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Insulted and Humiliated|The world is swirling with so many mysteries and secrets that nobody will ever track down all of them. But with a book you can stay up very late, reading until all the secrets are clear to you. The questions of the world are hidden forever, but the answers in a book are hiding in plain sight.
Richard Paul Evans, The Locket|Believe. Believe in your destiny and the star from which it shines. Believe you have been sent from God as an arrow shot from His own bow. It is the single universal trait that the great of this earth have all shared, while the shadows are fraught with ghosts who roam the winds with mournful wails of regret on their lips.Believe as if your life depended on it... for indeed it does.
Neil Postman|In most organizations, change comes in only two flavors: trivial and traumatic. Review the history of the average organization and you'll discover long periods of incremental fiddling punctuated by occasional bouts of frantic, crisis-driven change.
Rosie Blythe, The Princess Guide to Life|If you are brave of heart, sharp of wit, strong of spirit and steadfast of purpose, there is nothing you cannot achieve
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Stantasyland: Quips, Quotes & Quandaries|Terence, this is stupid stuff:You eat your victuals fast enough;There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,To see the rate you drink your beer.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I am not ready to think of him as either insane or evil, to consider in full how I could love and have a child with such a person. I am not ready to think about anything, except ways in which this may still be averted.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|Tradition is not the worship of ashes, but the preservation of fire.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Someday this life will end, but for the Christian death also marks a beginning—the beginning of a new life with God that will last forever.
Paddy Chayefsky|I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
Jamshyd Godrej|Volvo has one weakness, and that is in the interior design. They have not adapted to the Chinese people's perception of luxury when it comes to the interior design, and this has to be addressed.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Men like you preach change, but I wonder. Is this a battle we can really fight?”“You’re fighting it already, Goodman Mennis. You’re just losing horribly.
David Almond, My Name Is Mina|Dear child, some stories have no morals. Sometimes darkness and madness are simply that.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|It's not sad that I don't love you anymore, it's I can't love anyone anymore.
Nelson Mandela, Conversations With Myself|The mysteries of life include the external and the internal conundrums that each person encounters in a world composed of competing ideologies and agents of change. Conflicting ideas include political, social, legal, and ethical concepts. Agents of change include environmental factors, social pressure to conform, aging, and the forces inside us that made us into whom we are as well as the forces compelling us to be a different type of person.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|To fully appreciate the depth of love, we must captivate ourselves in the moment. Whether it is fate or humanism, it produces a great capacity for happiness with a throw in of anxiety, grief, and isolation. Use those whales as an insidious beginning to produce meaning and humility in your life.
Henry David Thoreau|Thieves, spies and other wise guys are working everywhere…including in branches of the U.S. government.
J. Budziszewski, How to Stay Christian in College|Evil might not prevail in the end, but it certainly doesn't fail to devastate in its time.
Andy Mulcahy|Life is but a momentary glimpse of the wonder of this astonishing universe, and it is sad to see so many dreaming it away on spiritual fantasy.
Nynke Visser|Mindfulness is attainable when one can embrace life, not its circumstances.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A leaf has no power to resist when the wind blows, but when life’s storms rage, you do.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|I really don't see anything romantic in proposing. It is very romantic to be in love. But there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal. Why, one may be accepted. One usually is, I believe. Then the excitement is all over. The very essence of romance is uncertainty. If ever I get married, I'll certainly try to forget the fact.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Let me share my loving care upon those who are not my children — yet, willing to see me as their Father.
Megan Miranda, Fracture|I think...I think its always been you who was dying,"- Delaney
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|To this day, she’s still sad. Because there’s not some finite amount of pain inside us. Our bodies and minds just keep manufacturing more of it. I’m just saying that I took the pain that was inside of her at that moment and made it my own. And it didn’t hurt me at all.
Chris Prentiss, The Laws of Love: Creating the Relationship of Your Dreams|To have the beautiful relationship you want, you and your partner must share your life stories with each other, holding nothing back. That sharing includes any past experiences of brutality, traumas, rape, incest, and emotional or mental torture of any kind that either of you has experienced as well as the wonderful memories you each cherish.
Knut Hamsun, Dreamers|Which people show you an attitude, they people have not an aptitude...
Louisa Hall, Speak|OK," she said. "Let's try. But remember one thing. You're going to lose interest. At some point, it will happen. You don't think so now, but you'll get distracted. You have to stay with me. If we have a family together, you have to be here to help.
Andrew Furst, Western Lights – A Collection of Short Essays on Buddhism|When we sit in meditation, we are closer than usual to the world as it is. By simply bringing body, breath, and mind together in the present moment, we touch Buddha; we touch reality, and we are in the world as it is. Most people’s experience in this state is peaceful and rejuvenating.
Deyth Banger|Lies are terrible things. One could say that the greatest sins afflicting modern society are the proliferation of lies and silence. We lie through our teeth, then swallow our tongues. All the same, were we to speak only the truth all year round, then the truth might lose its value.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Yo, beautiful. Come pop this collar off me.”Natalya hissed, “Are you mad?”“What’s she gonna do? Vivisect me? Imprison me? We’ve got a pact to fulfill,remember?” To Dorada, she cried, “Seriously, sweetheart, shake that mummified ass over here.”Regin kicked the glass. “Lemme the fuck out—”La Dorada swung her head around,peering at Regin with her one eye.“Okay. That’s freaky. Lookit, Gollum, if you spring me, I’ll help you find your Precious.
Edwin Markham|Fight ever on: this earthly stuff If used God’s way will be enough. Face to the firing line o friendFight out life’s battle to the end. One soldier, when the fight was red,Threw down his broken sword and fled.Another snatched it, won the day, With what his comrade flung away.
Deborah Brodie, The Path That Gets Brighter: A Devotional to Instruct, Illustrate, and Encourage Kingdom Principles|When you make the dream of your heart a treasure of heaven, it holds an eternal value.
Robert M. Price|The dialectical or ecological approach asserts that creating the world is involved in our every act. It is impossible for us to operate in our daily lives and not create the world that everyone must live in. What we desire arranges the genetic code in all of our major crops and livestock. We cannot avoid participating in the creation, and it is in agriculture, far and away our largest and most basic artifact, that human culture and the creation totally interpenetrate.
Randall Worley|Forgiveness is not an emotion, it's a decision.
Stanley A. McChrystal|For many years, I've wanted to do one, and I've always mentioned it to the chieftains, and they would say things like, 'Oh well. Christmas albums don't sell,' and things like that. But that's not the point. Christmas albums are important. The music is important. The season is important.
Keith Ablow, Denial|He had tried to explain the way he felt to Danny once, about compulsive behavior and time rushing too fast and the Internet and drugs. Danny had only lifted one of his slender, mobile eyebrows and stared at him in smirking confusion. Danny did not think coke and computers were anything alike. But Jude had seen the way people hunched over their screens, clicking the refresh button again and again, waiting for some crucial if meaningless hit of information, and he thought it was almost exactly the same.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Gone are the days when success depends on how you use your muscle tissues. In this 21st century, your brain cells must work more than your muscle tissues!
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|He danced across my heart like a pirate,Constantly discovering my secrets,Turning over every hidden treasure,Drowning me in his fantasy.
Edwin Markham|When you take care of yourself, you're a better person for others. When you feel good about yourself, you treat others better.
Abhishek Kumar Singh|My love, there is no plan B.
Claire Colebrook, Gilles Deleuze|Literature is the power of fiction itself: not making a claim about what the world is, but about the imagination of a possible world.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|[Y]our agricultural revolution is not an event like the Trojan War, isolated in the distant past and without relevance to your lives today. The work begun by those neolithic farmers in the Near East has been carried forward from one generation to the next without a single break, right into the present moment. It's the foundation of your vast civilization today in exactly the same way that it was the foundation of the very first farming village.
Stephen King, The Stand|Who gets to be best-liked in any community? Who is the most trusted? Why, the man who does the dirty job, of course, and does it with a smile. The man who does the job you couldn't bring yourself to do.
Ketan Waghmare|You see, cancer is simply nature's way of making you want to die.'Tatsu.
Haruki Murakami|I love pop culture -- the Rolling Stones, the Doors, David Lynch, things like that. That's why I said I don't like elitism.
Balroop Singh|A person is strong only when he stands upon his own truth, when he speaks and acts with his deepest convictions. Then, whatever the situation he may be in, he always knows what he must say and do. He may fall, but he cannot bring shame upon himself or his cause. If we seek the liberation of the people by means of a lie, we will surely grow confused, go astray, and loose sight of our objective, and if we have any influence at all on the people we will lead them astray as well—in other words, we will be acting in the spirit of reaction and to its benefit.
Yukio Mishima, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion|To put it in a rather vulgar way, I had been dreaming about love in the firm belief that I could not be loved, but at the final stage I had substituted desire for love and felt a sort of relief. But in the end I had understood that desire itself demanded for its fulfillment that I should forget about the conditions of my existence, and that I should abandon what for me constituted the only barrier to love, namely the belief that I could not be loved. I had always thought of desire as being something clearer than it really is, and I had not realized that it required people to see themselves in a slightly dreamlike, unreal way.
Tyler Mcmahon, How the Mistakes Were Made|I was seeing the world, and it turned out to be a lonely place.
Cecil Pratt|After all these months, lying there, unable to move a leg or a foot – how could he find perfection in such an average day?Then I realized that was the whole point.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Nothing is more difficult than to understand the dead, I've found; but nothing is more dangerous than to ignore them.
James Whistler|It takes a lot of things to prove you are smart, but only one thing to prove you are ignorant.
George Bank jc|Walking on a road without seeing and planning for what's down the road will almost certainly catch you off-guard and may turn out to be a harsh blow, sometime or other.
Terri Windling|When I examine myself and my methods of thought, I come to the conclusion that the gift of fantasy has meant more to me than any talent for abstract, positive thinking.
- Michael A. Contés II|If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|If you surround yourself with people who don't care about you, be prepared for a life of misery.
Daniel Von der Ahe, The Fantastic Strange|The journey Is No Fun, If You Know Where your Going.
Jodie Picoult|Maybe there are entire worlds where there are no fences, where feeling bears you like a tide.
Warren Buffett|There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium and the Light|At every turn, while he was investigating the background for his study of Thomas Nashe, he would encounter the Church — what Chesterton called (another book title) The Thing. It was everywhere. At one point, he later told me (and he was never very specific just when that point occurred), he decided that the thing had to be sorted out or he couldn't rest. Either it ws true, or it wasn't. Either the entire matter was true, all of it, exactly as the Church claimed, or it was the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on a gullible mankind. With that choice clearly delineated, he set out to find which was the case. What came next was not more study, but testing.The matter had to be tested — on its own terms: that is, by prayer. He told me that the principal prayer that he used was not some long or complex formula, but simply, "Lord, please, send me a sign." He reported that, almost immediately, not one but a deluge of signs arrived. And they continued to arrive unabated for a long time. As to just what the signs consisted in and what happened next, well, some things must remain private. The reader may deduce the rest from the fact of his conversion. ...-- Eric McLuhan, introduction
Hadas Moosazadeh, Author|Life on the go was not a problem for them. Understanding, and sticking to the rules of time travel, was more the challenge. - From Detours in Time
William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience|Each New Year, we have before us a brand new book containing 365 blank pages. Let us fill them with all the forgotten things from last year—the words we forgot to say, the love we forgot to show, and the charity we forgot to offer.
Elizabeth Edwards|When you're walking at the airport, you're expected to smile at people because they know you... I find that tough. I'm only trying to protect myself. So I don't take my eyes off the floor. People can take that as attitude. But it's actually shyness. Yes, it is a bad habit. But it's a defense mechanism.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|Extraordinary breakthroughs are only ordinary breaks that were grabbed, explored, improved, maximized and harnessed to a profitable maximum
Juliette Binoche|Being a famous actress may give you a sense of being important, but believe me, it's just an illusion.
Debasish Mridha|As a human being, our abilities are unlimited. The only limitation is the mindset.
مصطفى صادق الرافعي|Lo, each subculture has its own language, and verily I am not a parody. You don’t believe me? Get with the program, crackpot!
Drew Gilpin Faust|I would say that I have a love-hate relationship with almost everything in my life, including stand-up.
Lance Armstrong, It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life|Anyone who imagines they can work alone winds up surrounded by nothing but rivals, without companions. The fact is, no one ascends alone.
Hunter S. Thompson|No one HAS to do something he doesn’t want to do for the rest of his life. But then again, if that’s what you wind up doing, by all means convince yourself that you HAD to do it. You’ll have lots of company.
Robinson Pyles, Zarina's awakening|There is no such thing as being just a girl. You are a goddess, an extension of beauty and intellect itself. Within you funnels the true power of all, and under those pretty little hairs is a mind far more vast than any man could understand...
Kaoru Kurimoto, The Leopard Mask|It was as if he had two faces, one of utmost calm, one of furious action; and he wore both with ease. He was like the animal whose face he wore, able to sit in silence for hours, without moving a muscle, then flying like a raging storm into battle, returning again to perfect calm when the fight was over.
Confucius, The Analects|The noble-minded worry about their lack of ability, not about people’s failure to recognize their ability.
Shai Tubali, The Mystical Enlightenment of Friedrich Nietzsche: On the Death of God and the God Within|If one does not have the basic conscientious capacity to refute the primitive textual verses of the scriptures that demand one to kill or torture another being for holding a different belief system than one's own, then that entity is no being of the civilized human society, it is merely a pest from the stone-age.
Christopher Hitchens|We need to make fun of and ridicule the media images that seek to keep us down, divide us against each other by age, class, and race, and insist that we spend so much psychic energy on our faces, clothes and bodies that nothing is left for ideas, social change, or politics.
Francis Ford Coppola|In the morning, I have certain aspirations. One of my goals is to avoid looking at the computer or checking e-mail for at least an hour after I wake up. I also try to avoid alarm clocks as much as possible, because it's just nice to wake up without one.
Alicia Witt|I have moments where I feel incredibly ugly or fat, and it sucks, you know? I'll usually try to keep a positive attitude because I'm really so grateful for where I am and the life I get to live, but I definitely have to work hard not to feel insecure.
Ahmed Zewail|My parents were the ones who gave me the independence, who gave me the spark to do anything that you set your mind to, as all parents should do for their kids.
Anne Frank|If you looked round the rooms, you wouldn't think there was anything missing. But it's like one of those Spot the difference cartoons in a puzzle book. The changes are so subtle, yet glaringly obvious once you've seen them. A photo missing here, a cup there. A heart a bit more broken than it was before.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|My unsolicited advice to women in the workplace is this. When faced with sexism or ageism or lookism or even really aggressive Buddhism, ask yourself the following question: “Is this person in between me and what I want to do? If the answer is no, ignore it and move on. Your energy is better used doing your work and outpacing people that way. Then, when you’re in charge, don’t hire the people who were jerky to you. If the answer is yes, you have a more difficult road ahead of you. I suggest you model your strategy after the old Sesame Street film piece, "Over! Under! Through!” (If you’re under forty, you might not remember this film. It taught the concepts of, “over,” and “under,” and “through” by filming toddlers crawling around an abandoned construction site. They don’t show it anymore because someone has since realized that’s nuts.) If your boss is a jerk, try to find someone above or around your boss who is not a jerk. If you’re lucky, your workplace will have a neutral proving ground- like the rifle range or a car sales total board of the SNL read-through. If so, focus on that. Again, don’t waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions. Go “Over! Under! Through!” and opinions will change organically when you’re the boss. Or they won’t. Who cares? Do your thing and don’t care if they like it.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|The notion that a woman's sexuality belongs only to the husband is a central tenet tied to the idea that a woman is the property of the father first, then the property of the husband.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to love unconditionally and deeply, you gain the power of love.
John Wesley, A Plain Account of Christian Perfection (Foundations of Faith)|The readiest way which God takes to draw a man to himself is, to afflict him in that he loves most, and with good reason; and to cause this affliction to arise from some good action done with a single eye; because nothing can more clearly show him the emptiness of what is most lovely and desirable in all the world.
Peter Jelen|The day when two army corps can annihilate each other in one second, all civilized nations, it is to be hoped, will recoil from war and discharge their troops.
Buddhadasa Bhikkhu|What it takes to do a job will not be learned from management courses. It is principally a matter of experience, the proper attitude, and common sense — none of which can be taught in a classroom... Human experience shows that people, not organizations or management systems, get things done.
Nick Drake|The future says:Dear mortals;I know you are busy with your colourful lives;I have no wish to waste the little time that remainsOn arguments and heated debates;But before I can appearPlease, close your eyes, sit stillAnd listen carefullyTo what I am about to say;I haven't happened yet, but I will.I can't pretend it's going to beBusiness as usual.Things are going to change.I'm going to be unrecognisable.Please, don't open your eyes, not yet.I'm not trying to frighten you.All I ask is that you think of meNot as a wish or a nightmare, but as a storyYou have to tell yourselves -Not with an endingIn which everyone lives happily ever after,Or a B-movie apocalypse,But maybe starting with the line'To be continued...'And see what happens next.Remember this; I am notWritten in stoneBut in time - So please don't shrug and sayWhat can we do?It's too late, etc, etc, etc.Dear mortals,You are such strange creaturesWith your greed and your kindness,And your hearts like broken toys;You carry fear with you everywhereLike a tiny godIn its box of shadows.You love festivals and musicAnd good food.You lie to yourselvesBecause you're afraid of the dark.But the truth is: you are in my handsAnd I am in yours.We are in this together,Face to face and eye to eye;We're made for each other.Now those of you who are still here;Open your eyes and tell me what you see.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|We alone, of the thousands who walk this earth, we alone in this hour are doing a work which has no purpose save that we wish to do it.
Judy Penz Sheluk, Bake, Love, Write: 105 Authors Share Dessert Recipes and Advice on Love and Writing|When it comes to writing, clarity trumps all rules.
Debasish Mridha|You don’t want to be a rich businessman, a renowned artist, or whatsoever profession you choose to be into. What you really want is to be happy with what you do and to bring happiness in the lives of the people whom you love and who love you.
Arunima Sinha, Born Again on the Mountain: a story of losing everything and finding it back|The real flight of this hawk is impending.Still,this bird is yet to be tested for real.Though I have leaped over the seas,well,the entire sky is still remaining to fly.And make sure that ,i am gonna do it with all my heart and all my soul.#loveyoourlife #liveyourlife #hvFUN
Sunday Adelaja|Stopping, sitting down and finding time for reflection are considered to be the most essential action related to fulfilling a human’s destination
Bandile M Matsenjwa|I wish I could be a kid againIt's foolish I know,but I can't stand this painI'm Imprisoned by my conscience,im captivated with grudge chainsThe feelings i have,makes the bearer of my own suffer from heartachesLike a most wanted criminal,I think im on the chaseLife is compliacated they say,in my heart its not the caseI just want someone to touch my heart at the baseTruth is,love is boring without wishes,aggressions and hurts
Jack Harbaugh|Making the Australian team is the hardest part, and going to the Olympics is the easy part. You're there representing your country - you're representing every single person in it, strangers you don't know - and there's a lot of positive energy, but you have to know to channel it the right way.
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|I think you must make a few [mistakes]. Of you don't, you're probably thinking too much. That's the worst mistake you can make.
Rachel Held Evans, Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church|Faith is something you take a day at a time, not something you figured out at the start
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|When you see a heron eating an innocent rabbit, what comes to your mind? Do you say ‘What a great order God has created?’ or you say ‘What a devilish horror is going on here!’ Question your beliefs! If the strong eats the weak, there is absolutely nothing divine in here, but there is only injustice and nightmare!
Caitlin Moran|At fifteen, I have taken up the burdens of a woman, and have come to feel I am one. Furthermore, I am glad of it. For I now no longer have the time to fall into such sins as I committed as a girl, when hours that were my own to spend spread before me like a gift.
Tim Berners-Lee|Once computers can program, they basically take over technological progress because already, today, the majority of technological progress is run by software, by programming.
Sophocles, The Complete Greek Tragedies|JOCASTA:So clear in this case were the oracles,so clear and false. Give them no heed, I say;what God discovers need of, easilyhe shows to us himself.
Thomas Merton|I have my own way to walk and for some reason or other Zen is right in the middle of it wherever I go. So there it is, with all its beautiful purposelessness, and it has become very familiar to me though I do not know "what it is." Or even if it is an "it." Not to be foolish and multiply words, I'll say simply that it seems to me that Zen is the very atmosphere of the Gospels, and the Gospels are bursting with it. It is the proper climate for any monk, no matter what kind of monk he may be. If I could not breathe Zen I would probably die of spiritual asphyxiation.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|To come up with one great sentence, one needs to serve a life sentence.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|That knowledge humbles me, melts my bones, closes my ears, and makes my teeth rock loosely in their gums. And it also liberates me. I am a big bird winging over high mountains, down into serene valleys. I am ripples of waves on silver seas. I'm a spring leaf trembling in anticipation.
Tracie Peterson|Merrill Krause - You mentioned God's will for me. How will I know what that is, Father?Bogart Krause - I've always believed it to start with prayer. The Good Book says that if a man wants wisdom, he just has to ask. I would imagine it works the same way for womenfolk. If you want to know what God's plan is -- then I would ask Him. Couldn't hurt to search the Scriptures, too. And listen to what He is telling you inside. Even when you don't think you're hearing anything, keep listening.
Bill Loguidice Matt Barton|What a forced lifestyle our technology, our inventions imposed on our lives when we tried to live synonymously with computers; when we stepped inside their world, we left the natural one behind.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, Made in the Image of God: Understanding the Nature of God and Mankind in a Changing World|No matter how you arrive at the awareness and belief that you've lived before and will live again, the most lasting healing benefit will be the change in your attitude. You are creating your future lives right at this moment, and every moment of decision-making.
Scott Stabile|If people aren't able to see your magnificence that's their loss, not yours.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|Because the development of inner calm & energy happens completely within & isn’t dependent on another person or a particular situation, we begin to feel a resourcefulness and independence that is quite beautiful—and a huge relief.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Never look directly at the sun. Instead, look at the sunflower.
Joyce Meyer, Approval Addiction: Overcoming Your Need to Please Everyone|The seeker embarks on a journey to find what he wants and discovers, along the way, what he needs.
Rin Chupeco, The Suffering|Listen,listen with your eyes,and your lips.Listen with your skin, and your blood.Can you hear us,at the edges?
Debasish Mridha|Time is on its eternal journey at the same time it is motionless, emotionless and standing still.
Laura Kaye, Hard to Be Good|In that hurry to achieve, I've left little time for self-reflection. And I'm not sure I'm ready for it.
Cassandra Giovanni, Flawed Perfection|Though the trials of life are never easy, someone to stand with you and help you with your burdens is one of the true essences of living. It is well that two should join together to face life as friends as well as lovers.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|One of the things I know about writing is this: spend it all, shoot it, play it, lose it, all, right away, every time. Do not hoard what seems good for a later place in the book or for another book; give it, give it all, give it now. The impulse to save something good for a better place later is the signal to spend it now. Something more will arise for later, something better. These things fill from behind, from beneath, like well water. Similarly, the impulse to keep to yourself what you have learned is not only shameful, it is destructive. Anything you do not give freely and abundantly becomes lost to you. You open your safe and find ashes.
VicDo|A metamorphosis had come over us. It was something internal, an electrical pulse in the brain, some slight variation in the aortic rhythm that had forever altered our states, transformed our external structures. We were not who we had been, nor yet what we would become.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|When you reach for the stars, you are reaching for the farthest thing out there. When you reach deep into yourself, it is the same thing, but in the opposite direction. If you reach in both directions, you will have spanned the universe.
Rabindranath Tagore, Lover's Gift|The young student sits with his head bent over his books, and his mind straying in youth's dreamland; where prose is prowling on the desk and poetry hiding in the heart.
Clint Diffie|I do not believe in karma. However, I practice it everyday because it tricks me into being a better person!
Erik Pevernagie|The dialectic case of the 'things we do', the 'things we have done' and the 'things we are going to do' has been haunting present and earlier generations. For ages people have been confronted with the soul-searching question how should I interpret the past and how do I move forward. Linguistic sayings, which were inherited from century to century, gave us a good deal of remarkable advice and moral guidance in this field : " Do what is right and let come what come may ", " Do well and fear not ", " Do well and dread no shame ".Erik Pevernagie, Never looking back again
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|There is but one path of safety to the Latter-day Saints, and that is the path of duty. It is not testimony, it is not marvelous manifestations, it is not knowing that the Gospel of Jesus Christ is true, . . . it is not actually knowing that the Savior is the Redeemer, and that Joseph Smith was His prophet, that will save you and me, but it is the keeping of the commandments of God, the living the life of a Latter-day Saint. [Heber J. Grant, Improvement Era, November 1936, p. 659] Quoted in “Waiting Upon the Lord” By Henry B. Eyring, BYU Speeches, 30 Sept 1990
Nancy Gibbs|Logically, harmony must come from the heart... Harmony very much based on trust. As soon as use force, creates fear. Fear and trust cannot go together.
Mel Ballew, ShameLess|Who am I to deny my Master pleasure, simply because it is not at the hands of myself? He is free to do as he will, because of the life that he has given me. I am thankful for him, for the fact that out of all of us, I am the one that he chooses to keep and care for as his own.
Lalah Delia|Hold onto who loves and honor you.Not everyone will know how to.Some souls don't even know how to love and honor themselves, let alone you.
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|Definition of a relationship - an enduring, mutually-agreed upon connection or union, which fulfills certain needs of the individuals involved and the society in which they live.
Goitsemang Sandra Mvula|As you release a belief that doesn’t serve you, you want to lock in a new belief that is powerful.
Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries|The world believes it was built by love but reading Shah Jahan’s own words on the Taj, one could say it was grief that built the Taj Mahal and it was sorrow that saw it through sixteen years till completion.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A hygienic environment, proper waste and sewer disposal, clean water and all efforts that destroy disease-carriers like flies and mosquitoes will reduce the spread of disease and promote good health. My home challenge for a hygienic environment is that we should be responsible enough to make sure we are safe and comfortable eating apples in the toilet and bathroom!
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Before the war Sofya Levinton had once said to Yevgenia Nikolaevna Shaposhnikova, 'If one man is fated to be killed by another, it would be interesting to trace the gradual convergence of their paths. At the start they might be miles away from one another – I might be in Pamir picking alpine roses and clicking my camera, while this other man, my death, might be eight thousand miles away, fishing for ruff in a little stream after school. I might be getting ready to go to a concert and he might be at the railway station buying a ticket to go and visit his mother-in-law – and yet eventually we are bound to meet, we can't avoid it...
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|Remove God from the world of ideas. Remove government, politics from society. Keep sex, humor, utilities. Let private property go.
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|But by that time Lady Harman had acquired the habit of reading and the habit of thinking over what she read, and from that it is an easy step to thinking over oneself and the circumstances of one's own life. The one thing trains for the other.
Kiesza|Rock 'n' Roll, no roses or gardening.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries of Meditations|They hugged, tight and warm and full of the promise he’d made upon waking up.
Ed Lee|The work is challenging, interesting and an important part of our legal system.
Jim Clyburn|Anywhere you have extreme poverty and no national health insurance, no promise of health care regardless of social standing, that's where you see the sharp limitations of market-based health care.
Florentijn Hofman|Grilling is an easy tradition to start at any age! To get started, one only needs a modest investment in equipment and a little bit of outdoor space.
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|Speech, tennis, music, skiing, manners, love- you try them waking and perhaps balk at the jump, and then you're over. You've caught the rhythm of them once and for all, in your sleep at night. The city, of course, can wreck it. So much insomnia. So many rhythms collide. The salesgirl, the landlord, the guests, the bystanders, sixteen varieties of social circumstance in a day. Everyone has the power to call your whole life into question here. Too many people have access to your state of mind. Some people are indifferent to dislike, even relish it. Hardly anyone I know.
Leslie Kate, Falling for Boston|Of course. Anyway, do you want to get together sometime this week? I haven’t seen your face in a few days; I’m starting to forget what you look like.” She snorted. “What a tragedy.” “I’m serious, let’s do something.” “You mean, like a date?” she asked skeptically. “Well I wasn’t going to give it an official title, but sure.” “I don’t know how to date.” This time, I snorted. “It’s easy, we decide on something to do, set a place and time, and then….we follow through with it. Sometimes food is involved.” “I like the sound of food.” “I thought you might. So, what do you say? Will you go on a date with me?” She had paused a few seconds before she spoke and for a second I actually thought she’d say no. “Okay, I will go on a date with you. But I expect food.
Debasish Mridha|To dream your wildest dream, find your deepest desire.
Robert Frost|The work of art, just like any fragment of human life considered in its deepest meaning, seems to me devoid of value if it does not offer the hardness, the rigidity, the regularity, the luster on every interior and exterior facet, of the crystal.
Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny|You are heir to a heavenly fortune, the sole beneficiary of an infinite spiritual trust fund, a proverbial goldmine of sacred abundance beyond all common measure or human comprehension. But until you assert your rightful inheritance of this blessed gift, it will remain unclaimed and forever beyond your reach.
Fela Durotoye|God has given you a gift, why not open it?!
Miyuki Miyabe, The Gate of Sorrows|Above a certain size and level of prosperity, regional cities in Japan look alike. To discover what makes each one different, one has to sample the food and the sake, and stay long enough to see the patterns of life under the surface. Otherwise it can be hard to tell them apart. Wealth tends to smooth out the differences in the way people live. Life becomes standardized.Only in nature, in the mountains and valleys beyond the hand of man, are the real differences, the real uniqueness, preserved. There is something about the air in Hokkaido, a kind of richness that will never change. For better or worse, the only thing that really changes is people.
Auliq Ice|Not everything you believe that you can achieve, can be achieved but that won't stop you from trying.
Glen Duncan, I, Lucifer|Don't be afraid," Elisha answered, "We have more on our side than they have on theirs." (2 Kings 6:15 GNT)
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Words save our lives, sometimes.
John C. Maxwell.|Its not a question of whether we have or not, nor is-it about whether i am or you are, but this address is with respect to the fact that we need leaders who dread/desist from satisfying the rich and powerful man for political gain at the expense of their respective nations!
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|She whirled when the monster was almost on top of her. I thought the thing in her hands was an umbrella until she cranked the pump and the shotgun blast blew the giant twenty feet backwards, right into Nico's sword. "Nice one," Paul said. "When did you learn to fire a shotgun?" I demanded. My mom blew the hair out of her face. "About two seconds ago. Percy, we'll be fine. Go!
Shimon Peres|I trust every single person around me, and if I feel even a whiff of uncertainty I won't have that person around me.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|If soldiering did not interest him, the soldiers themselves were another matter. He loved to sit with the men and draw out their first-hand stories of past campaigns.
Sloane Crosley|Mama grizzlies mate later than other bears. They have two cubs instead of four. They wait four years - about twice as long as other bears - between having cubs. And after they're pregnant, if winter is hard or their health is not good or the food supply is uncertain, they re-absorb the embryo into their body.
Robert Farrar Capon|What it leads to is the mischief of confusing liturgy with magic -- of imagining there are only a handful of properly effective formulas for conjuring up the mystery, when in fact the mystery is always at work, independent of any formula whatsoever.
Lex Luger|In the history of mankind there are recorded two great Inversions. The first, set forth by the Nazarene to the effect that love is a greater power and more real than vengeance. The second proclaimed the earth to be a sphere revolving in its course around the sun. These affirmations were made in the face of all evidence sacred to the contrary.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|No nation can ever be worthy of its existence that cannot take its women along with the men. No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|Muoth was right. On growing old, one becomes more contented than in one's youth, which I will not therefore revile, for in all my dreams I hear my youth like a wonderful song which now sounds more harmonious than it did in reality, and even sweeter
Angie karan|Firefly, it is an act of bravery to feel your feelings. Oh, Meg would've loved that. It's an act of bravery to feel your feelings, even if your feelings are telling you to die.
George Lyman|Falling is not hard to do just take your feet from under you but do you want to risk something that could hurt you, life is like that choose to fall and fall choose success and acomplish
John Darnielle|When we dropped 'Toot It And Boot It,' Mustard didn't even do beats, and now he's killin' it. So it's just cool to see all of my bros taking over.
Josh McDowell|I place an enormous premium on loyalty. If someone betrays me, I can forgive them rationally, but emotionally I have found it impossible to do so.
Marianne Faithfull|You can't be a strong or cool woman and be represented except in a harsh way, looking mean and cold and hard. It's like reverse sexism.
Dennis Prager, A Dark Time in America|If your parents bring you no shame, be very grateful. If you're proud of them, celebrate.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.
Theodore Roosevelt|It's the action, not the fruit of the action, that's important. You have to do the right thing. It may not be in your power, may not be in your time, that there'll be any fruit. But that doesn't mean you stop doing the right thing. You may never know what results come from your action. But if you do nothing, there will be no result.
eBoxeditions|Try the best to do the best of what you do, and you may find yourself doing the best of what you do best.
Jeanne Ryan, Nerve|I need to use my mind in a way that slows the out-of-control beating in my chest. The darkness around us could be anywhere, anytime. I could be alive or dead. Okay, I choose alive. While I’m at it, I choose the darkness to be a gentle blanket on a moonless night, where I rest a few feet from a boy who’s warm and sweet. When he holds me, his heart beats strong with what I tell myself is passion, not fear.
Touaxia Vang|I know it's painful growing,I bet the changes was painful too.But nothing is as painful as being somewhere you don't belong. Obviously.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I think that the media and its influencers send out a negative message to young girls these days, when it comes to the relationship between power and money. The message that young girls receive these days, from watching reality t.v. shows and such, is that the more money you spend, the more powerful you are. But I'd like young girls everywhere to know that it's not about the money that you spend; but what it's really about is the money that you have! Financial power lies in actually having money and your intelligence is determined by how you spend it. And it's not even about buying only what you need, because we should have the things that we want, too, not only the things that we need! But it's more about knowing the value of material things because without the knowledge of the value, things aren't going to make you happy, because there's always something more that you can buy! So you've got to know how to buy what's really going to make you happy and not just buy things for the sake of spending.
Glenn Beck, The Christmas Sweater|Unless we make Christmas an occasion to share our blessings, all the snow in Alaska won't make it 'white'.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|I glanced back to Yanni to see him smiling at us. "You two can stop being so cute now." "Well, Spencer can," Andrew deadpanned. "I, unfortunately, am cute all the time." I laughed. "It's true. He is.
Steven Magee|you have to live by fighting each other, it's the law, the only way that things areworth while but it hurts
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Think long and hard whether you have reached that mature stage of selflessness for this one you think you love so much. The love you enjoy will be the best thing that ever happened to you, but it will cost you your independence.... The responsibility of marriage and family demands time, and when we cheat on that, we rob ourselves of the investment returns.
Joshua Oppenheimer|I see people around me with very unhappy love lives, who may have held out for that perfect somebody. And the failure to achieve that brings along a lot of bitterness which is very unattractive; therefore they're probably less likely to achieve it.
Latika Teotia|We all are busy in our lives handling our homes, work, various issues, ailments and so on… sometimes we don’t have a second to spare even for our own selves, so caught up with life we are…But, despite our problems, despite the pressure of anything, despite all kinds of challenges we face in our daily lives, if we can still just pause and stop to look at someone else’s problems, if we can just smile at the other person, believe me, we would have not only made someone’s day but will also feel that our own burden has become lesser and our problems may not appear to be that big after all! That’s the beauty of caring for others. Have you noticed how much at peace those people are who walk up to a perfect stranger and lend a helping hand, without being asked to and without expecting anything in return? That is what unconditional caring for others and helping others do to you. That is what service, good deeds and kindness do; they help the receiver as well as the giver.
James Rozoff|Technology has not made humanity any wiser, it has only made us more dangerous.
Unknown British Biologist|As we delight in the strange and exotic beauty of orchid flowers, it is salutary to reflect that we are, in essence, looking at their genitalia.
Nikki Rowe|Your voice is yours, how dare you let another speak for you.Your heart is yours, how dare you give it away, so freely to another you hardly know. Your soul is yours, how dare you ignore its instinctual truth. Your mind is yours, don't let the world make it negative.You are the master of your fate, you are the creator of your destiny, don't hand the keys to anyone, rather open the door and welcome them to taste your paradise within.
Anne Perry, Execution Dock|Past and future are the same, and we cannot change either, only know them more fully. My journey to the past had changed nothing, but what I had learned had changed everything, and I understood that it could not have been otherwise. If our lives are tales that Allah tells, then we are the audience as well as the players, and it is by living these tales that we receive their lessons.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|Whenever you're called on to make up your mind,and you're hampered by not having any,the best way to solve the dilemma, you'll find, is simply by spinning a penny.No - not so that chance shall decide the affairwhile you're passively standing there moping; but the moment the penny is up in the air,you suddenly know what you're hoping. 
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Equality and freedom are not luxuries to lightly cast aside. Without them, order cannot long endure before approaching depths beyond imagining.
Seth Gordon|When I first joined the Irvine Company, I realized that less than 11,000 acres were designated as open space in the original master plan, and that just didn't seem adequate to me. So, I began the lengthy process working with public and community organizations to add more open space.
Corrie ten Boom|Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart.
Rick Warren, The Daniel Plan: 40 Days to a Healthier Life|The undulating terrain was cloaked in lush abundance, the vineyards like garlands of deep green and yellow, orchards and farms sprouting here and there, hillocks of dry golden grass crowned by beautiful sun-gilt houses, barns and silos. And overhead was the bluest sky she'd ever seen, as bright and hard polished as marble.There was something about the landscape that caught at her emotions. It was both lush and intimidating, its beauty so abundant. Far from the bustle of the city, she was a complete stranger here, like Dorothy stepping out of her whirling house into the land of Oz. Farm stands overflowing with local produce marked the long driveways into farms with whimsical names- Almost Paradise, One Bad Apple, Toad Hollow. Boxes and bushels were displayed on long, weathered tables. Between the farms, brushy tangles of berries and towering old oak trees lined the roadway.
Maurice Gibb|After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|I felt just the way I imagine the shade of poor old Samuel must have felt when the witch dragged him up from Sheol. "Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring me up?" In fact, I had spent the morning darkness praying for the wisdom to do well by John Ames Boughton, and then when he woke me, I was immediately aware that my sullen old reptilian self would have handed him over to the Philistines for the sake of a few more minutes' sleep.
Deyth Banger|I never liked telling war stories. Some men love to tell them. Hell, some men need to. They need to convince themselves that the war is over. But I'm not one of them.
Grover Norquist|While democracy in the long run is the most stable form of government, in the short run, it is among the most fragile.
Yixing Zhang|There is another apt Latin expression: Materiam superabat opus. (The workmanship is better than the material.) The material we've been given genetically, emotionally, financially, that's where we begin. We don't control that. We do control what we make of that material, and whether we squander it.
H.G. Wells, Joan And Peter|Just about everything in this life is treacherous, ready to twist and shape-shift at any second; it seemed to me that the whole world would be a different place if you had someone you were certain of, certain to the bone, or if you could be that to someone else.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|He’ll take from your mind the answer best suited to lead you on, to enthrall you. He’ll weave a web of deceits so thick you won’t see the world through it. He wants your strength and he’ll say what he must say to get it. Break the chain, child! You’re the strongest of them all! Break the chain and he’ll go backto hell for he has no other place to go in all the wide world to find strength like yours. Don’t you see?He’s created it. Bred sister to brother, and uncle to niece, and son to mother, yes, that too, when he hadto do it, to make an ever more powerful witch, only faltering now and then, and gaining what he lost in one generation by even greater strength in the next. What was the cost of Antha and Deirdre if he could have a Rowan!
|The ones who love you would never judge you, but those who would, obviously don't love you. So why worry about what people think and say about you?
Charles Lambert, The Children's Home|Rooms are never alone," said the Doctor with a laugh. "Only the people who live them can be alone.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird that sings too much will only lose its voice, but a bird that does not sing at all will lose its symphonies.
Kōbō Abe, The Box Man|If I were just in trousers, somehow I could go out into the world. It would make no difference whether I was naked from the waist up and my feet bare just as long as I had trousers on. Otherwise if you go walking around the streets without trousers, no matter how new your shoes and how elegant your coat, it’s enough to raise a big hue and cry. Enlightened society is a kind of trouser society.
Christopher Barzak|When actors encounter a mishap during a stage performance,they transform it for good purpose by employing a technique called,“use the difficulty.” How can you “use the difficulty” in your life?
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|To me, patriotism means dedication to the principles on which the country was founded and a willingness to stand firm and fight for these principles regardless of what the government says or does
Ajit Panicker|Make it large', life is a canvas. You can paint it to be 'a dot' or masterpiece it to be 'the universe
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|Great restaurants are, of course, nothing but mouth-brothels. There is no point in going to them if one intends to keep one's belt buckled.
Chris Lester, Huntress|In its timeless capacity to embody the human condition, the vampire is a poignant metaphor describing the psychosocial experience of the pariah - the outsider. The vampire is the Other that used to be human. The diseased, the mentally challenged, the homeless and hungry, ......are all vampires in a way; the other who used to be human, the invisible who casts no reflection among us.
Rona V. Flynn, Star's Awakening|Of all the great and minor faiths as religions that have evolved over the ages with humanity. Many had their birth at the death or near death of another religious faith. One day the anthropological phenomena of our predominant faiths may become naturally forgotten, demonized, if notmorph into another religious tradition altogether. What we historically call as mythology is for Ancient Greece,Persia, or Mayan cultures were the Almighty religions of their age. So it will be again with our Epoch from today our renowned and accomplished heirs of thousands of years intoour combined futures. That will have regarded our present day Abrahamic traditions of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam as mythologies of their own future anthropological understanding.
Lauren Bacall|Here is a test to find out whether your mission in life is complete. If you’re alive, it isn’t.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|For you [God] are infinite and never change. In you 'today' never comes to an end: and yet our 'today' does come to an end in you, because time, as well as everything else, exists in you. If it did not, it would have no means of passing. And since your years never come to an end, for you they are simply 'today'...But you yourself are eternally the same. In your 'today' you will make all that is to exist tomorrow and thereafter, and in your 'today' you have made all that existed yesterday and for ever before.
Lysander Spooner|If there be such a principle as justice, or natural law, it is the principle, or law, that tells us what rights were given to every human being at his birth; what rights are, therefore, inherent in him as a human being, necessarily remain with him during life; and, however capable of being trampled upon, are incapable of being blotted out, extinguished, annihilated, or separated or eliminated from his nature as a human being, or deprived of their inherent authority or obligation.
Brie Larson|No one is alone, and each change here brings about another change there.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to live in harmony with nature,we will learn to live in peace with each other.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|God’s will for you is to make you more like Jesus. Christlikeness is your target, your goal, your vision, and the reason you were created. You are set apart to be like Jesus. That goal will take the rest of your life to accomplish." (Life Hacks, p.61)
Manoj Vaz|Fiction has to be well researched, properly conceived and logically presented.Reality needs none of the above.
Lia Davis, Death's Storm|Hands on hips, she cast him a narrowed-eye gaze. “Move.”“You’re not leaving.”“And you’re not stopping me.
RVM|In the journey of life, we pass pleasures & pain. There will be sunshine and rain; there will be loss and gain. But we must learn to smile again and again.
Fran Lebowitz, Metropolitan Life/Social Studies|If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
Nigel Barley, The Innocent Anthropologist: Notes from a Mud Hut|Much has been written on the excellence of bats' navigation equipment. It is all false. Tropical bats spend their entire time flying into obstacles with a horrible thudding noise. They specialize in slamming into walls and falling, fluttering onto your face. As my own 'piece of equipment essential for the field' I would strongly recommend a tennis racket; it is devastatingly effective in clearing a room of bats.
Kentetsu Takamori|How wonderful it would be if people did all they could for one other without seeking anything in return! One should never remember a kindness done, and never forget a kindness received.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|She always, She always wanted to express herself but no one cared,So she stopped,She was crushed,Stiff & lifeless,Like everything else.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|But also . . . I have plenty of people around me to talk to, and no one to be honest with.
Kaitlin Bevis|The reading eye must do the work to make them live, and so it did, again and again, never the same life twice, as the artist had intended.
Debasish Mridha|When we become conscious of love, our hearts dance with joy.
Anton du Beke|It may sound strange to say it of someone so famous, but I think Leonardo DiCaprio is underrated, particularly from an awards perspective. He is a very versatile actor. He started very young, and 'What's Eating Gilbert Grape?' is one of my favourite films.
Lon L. Fuller, The Morality of Law|Put great car and value into what you do, and that value grows far more valuable as it spreads out beyond.
Orrin Woodward|The limiting factor on your success is not the size of the obstacles, but the size of your dream.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|More than Iran's enemies need artillery, guns, and so forth, they need to spread cultural values that lead to moral corruption... a senior official in an important American political center said: 'Instead of bombs, send them miniskirts.' He is right. If they arouse sexual desires in any given country, if they spread unrestrained mixing of men and women, and if they lead youth to behavior to which they are naturally inclined by instincts, there will no longer be any need for artillery and guns against that nation.
Russell S. Bonds, Stealing the General: The Great Locomotive Chase and the First Medal of Honor|I know these are only dreams. I know these days are long past. I wake to a dream in which Hammer’s breath has stopped, and mine with it, and hearts have gone to a quiet sunny meadow with the sweetest little cottage in the middle, with a millwheel and a stream. Our bodies will lie tangled until they become earth, like roses twining so closely there is no beginning and no end, and only the shades of beauty that were their growing.Every dream I ever had as a child has come true, simply because Hammer loved me. Perhaps this one will too.
Gary "Gunz" Govich, Career Criminal: My Life in the Russian Mob Until the Day I Died|Another deputy threw down a clear plastic trash bag with my orange jumpsuit. I reached for the bag and was knocked down to the floor with an overhead right, another shove, and I was inside the 4X6 room. The heavy white door was already closing behind me. The walls here were made of hard white rubber. There was a small shower head towards the back of the tiny cell and a grated hole in the middle of the floor | I assumed that the hold would be my toilet. The cell reeked of anguish.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|My point is: maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through your fingers. So much time you can waste it.But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.
Praveen Chenna|If future frightens you, Let me tell you, neither it is sure - nor it is relevant. But for sure, you are wasting your present which is certain! Live Life Day @ Time
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|I imagined a labyrinth of labyrinths, a maze of mazes, a twisting, turning, ever-widening labyrinth that contained both past and future and somehow implied the stars. Absorbed in those illusory imaginings, I forgot that I was a pursued man; I felt myself, for an indefinite while, the abstract perceiver of the world. The vague, living countryside, the moon, the remains of the day did their work in me; so did the gently downward road, which forestalled all possibility of weariness. The evening was near, yet infinite.
Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are|I mightn't be a shaman in the indigenous sense, but as a world-bridger between Western culture and the indigenous world, I knew I was playing a shamanistic role. Language was my medicine and with it I would do my best to record my awakening and help heal with my words... The journey isn't over yet.
Starla Kaye, Cowboys in Charge|When I want to.” He ran his finger over her lips. “You don’t get a vote, honey.
Guy de Maupassant, Selected Short Stories|There are some delightful places in this world which have a sensual charm for the eyes. One loves them with a physical love. We people who are attracted by the countryside cherish fond memories of certain springs, certain woods, certain ponds, certain hills, which have become familiar sights and can touch our hearts like happy events.Sometimes indeed the memory goes back towards a forest glade, or a spot on a river bank or an orchard in blossom, glimpsed only once on a happy day, but preserved in our heart.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|All those calm, adult discussions. When all she really wanted to do was scream for her momma, her sweet momma, the one person in the world who loved her better than anyone ever would or ever could.
Benjamin Meadows|Knowing beauty is not what can be described but felt, upon looking at something beautiful.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Antioch, farewell! for wisdom sees, those men blush not in actions blacker than the night, will 'schew no course to keep them from the light. One sin, I know, another doth provoke; Murder's as near to lust as flame to smoke. Poison and treason are the hands of sin; Ay, and the targets to put off the shame. Then, lest my life be cropped to keep you clear, By flight I'll shun the danger which I fear.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|Among my greatest loves is the act of being pinned and invaded – not by one, or two or three, but by many, one after the other. What it is to lose yourself among many, so that your identity exists only as ‘woman’: a goddess of flesh and desire. No names, no promises, no social niceties, no conversational conventions: only lust and fulfillment.”Mademoiselle Noire - in The Gentlemen's Club
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|[re: I Corinthians 15:34,58] "The present life of the church, in other words, is not about "soul-making," the attempt to produce or train disembodied beings for a future disembodied life. It is about working with fully human beings who will be reembodied at the last, after the model of the Messiah.
Amit Kalantri|Money is not as good as power, but power is as good as money.
Jonathan Price, Put That in Writing|Start writing by thinking, not wrestling with words.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|The trick for business professionals, and for educators, is to present bodies of information so compelling that the audience does this (encoding) on their own, spontaneously engaging in deep and elaborate encoding.
Nora Roberts|Parker: She believed, absolutely, that each person, each heart, had a counterpart—had a mate. A rightness. She’d always believed it, and understood that unshakable belief was a reason she was good at what she did.
Carla Reighard, Travelers|I think you should live every moment like tomorrow is your last day, but you should also plan for the future like you will be living another hundred years.
Jincy Willett, Amy Falls Down|Irony is a gift of the gods, the most subtle of all the modes of speech. It is an armour and a weapon; it is a philosophy and a perpetual entertainment; it is food for the hungry of wit and drink to those thirsting for laughter...
S.E. Jakes, Daylight Again|Yes, I was standing on nothing but congealed starlight. Yes, I was walking up through a savage storm, the wind threatening to tear me off and throw me into the freezing waters of Lake Michigan far below. Yes, I was using a legendary and enchanted means of travel to transcend the border between one dimension and the next, and on my way to an epic struggle between ancient and elemental forces.But all i could think to say, between panting breaths, was, "Yeah. Sure. They couldn't possibly have made this an escalator.
Donna Lynn Hope|Yes, there's plenty of fish in the sea, but be gifted with a rare catch: that one which lives with "forever faithfulness." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Julie Garwood, The Prize|Like a falling star, he descended on the Tarbh Cró, a Cassiline berserker, his sword biting and slashing like a silver snake.
Debasish Mridha|If you have realized how powerful a simple act of kindness is, you will never be rude.
Kazoh Kitamori, Theology of the Pain of God: The First Original Theology from Japan|No one book of scripture can be understood by itself, any more than any one part of a tree or member of the body can be understood without reference to the whole of which it is a part.
Marquis Pierre Simon de Laplace|Give me the positions and velocities of all the particles in the universe, and I will predict the future.
Malti Bhojwani, The Mind Spa Ignite Your Inner Life Coach|Confidence is always expecting a positive outcome. When you walk into a situation, be it personal or professional, when you expect things to go well, you are confident and more often than not, that confidence you exude is what attracts the positive result.
Wallace Stevens|The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as poetry.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Did you know that the origin of the word gossip in English is "god-sibling"? It's the talk between people who are godparents to the same child, people who have a legitimate loving interest in the person they talk about. It's talk that weaves a net of support and connection beneath the people you want to protect.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|You can spot people who don't know Jesus very well because the world they see is always so ugly. Even if they use all sorts of religious language, don't be misled—people who get touched by Jesus don't ignore the hurt and pain in the world, and yet they see so much beauty in it.
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|Do the things that interest you and do them with all your heart. Don't be concerned about whether people are watching you or criticizing you. The chances are that they aren't paying any attention to you. It's your attention to yourself that is so stultifying. But you have to disregard yourself as completely as possible. If you fail the first time then you'll just have to try harder the second time. After all, there's no real reason why you should fail. Just stop thinking about yourself.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t be ruled by your past. Don’t be crippled by the past. Let the past be the past and focus on what is ahead. Remember however that if you neglect the most essential lessons of the past, you shall walk into the future with one leg.
Pearl Abraham, Brooklyn Noir|When the highest value in a community is loyalty to the greater cause, meaning the continuity of the status quo, all means to this end are imbued with religious significance, and are thereby justified.
Samuel Johnson|Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|A stranger sleeps next to me, like a stone beside another stone.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|29. Most loneliness results from insulation rather than isolation. In other words, we are lonely because we insulate ourselves, not because others isolate us.
Mya Robarts, The V Girl|Love has no form, no color and is certainly not prejudice or judgmental.
Star Trek The Next Generation|I have to set an example, now more than ever. Facing death is the ultimate test of character. – Cmdr. William Riker
Guy Fieri|My best vacation is somewhere I could hide, somewhere warm and not a lot of people around.
Jeanne Safer, The Golden Condom: And Other Essays on Love Lost and Found|... I fell in love with him even more, because I realized I was not just falling in love with Taymour but also with generations of him that connect through history, traits that had been passed down from one generation to the next. I was in love with his ancestry that stretched out for centuries.
William James, The Principles of Psychology, Vol 1|But it is the bane of psychology to suppose that where results are similar, processes must be the same. Psychologists are too apt to reason as geometers would, if the latter were to say that the diameter of a circle is the same thing as its semi-circumference, because, forsooth, they terminate in the same two points.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|In my head this cruel unspeakable truth: that we battled and we cursed and we spilled each other’s blood, we relished our taste of hell and strangled heaven’s love.
Marcia Wallace|I seek a deeper truth, but I don't think I have to go to a building designated for worship to find it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|They gave me a thousand reasons to leave you, but I found a thousand and one reasons to be with you.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Cassie?”It’s Sammy, holding on to Ben, because he’s feeling the Ben thing a little more than he is the Cassie one at the moment. Who’s this guy falling from the ductwork, and what’s he doing with my sister?“This must be Sammy,” Evan says.“This is Sammy,” I say. “Oh! And this is—”“Ben Parish,” Ben says.“Ben Parish?” Evan looks at me. That Ben Parish?“Ben,” I say, my face on fire. I want to laugh and crawl under the counter at the same time. “This is Evan Walker.”“Is he your boyfriend?” Sammy asks.I don’t know what to say. Ben looks totally lost, Evan completely amused, and Sammy just damned curious. It’s my first truly awkward moment in the alien lair, and I’d been through my share of moments.“He’s a friend from high school,” I mutter.And Evan corrects me, since it’s clear I’ve lost my mind. “Actually, Sam, Ben is Cassie’s friend from high school.”“She’s not my friend,” Ben says. “I mean, I guess I kind of remember her…” Then Evan’s words sink in. “How do you know who I am?”“He doesn’t!” I fairly 
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|His hands come down on my face. “There are a lot of things I want to do to you, Ella, but I promise you, killing you isn’t one of them.” His mouth slants over mine, his tongue delving deep, and I want to resist. I do. I try. But his lips are warm when mine are cold, and the taste of him, passion and fire, and yes, demand, burns through me, tempting me, taking me. And for just a moment, I can’t seem to help myself. I want to be possessed by this man. I want to be consumed, so I kiss him back. I kiss him like it’s my last kiss, because maybe it is.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|But one day, you will be faced with a choice, as we all are. One day you will have to choose between your own desires, your own darkest impulses, and what you know to be right . . . and it will harden you. You will understand that all of us are devils in the skins of men.
Simon Newcomb|I didn't get my degree at NYU; I got it later, they gave me an honourary one.
Ai Weiwei|When I was younger, I was listening to a lot of Armenian music, you know, revolutionary music about freedom and protest. In the 70s I was listening to soul and the Bee Gees and ABBA, and funk.
Cristen Rodgers|Be careful not to laugh at the Phoenix when she goes up in flames, or you'll be left in the dust when she grows her new wings and flies swiftly away.
K.B. Ezzell, Elysium|There is no moon. The stars have risen and fallen and given way to a new spread, to the smeared heart of our Milky Way.
Shannon L. Alder|People with trust issues also have faith and humility issues. You can't ask the world to rise to your expectations, yet not meet that same standard for others. The notion that God didn't hurt me, but you did becomes an illogical argument for many. People who are trying to love you feel that they can never meet your definition of love because it is one sided or has rules that don't apply to you, as well. This is when the teachings of Christ become distorted. Forgiveness, compassion, love, kindness and second chances becomes a game. People in your life feel they must win it to receive it, which is far from the unconditional love God gives us. In the end, the person with trust issues find themself on a journey of perfection seeking out people incapable of mistakes like the last person or hurting their self esteem. Sadly, they miss the blessings of growth that come through humbly accepting they are also flawed and make mistakes. They miss the blessings of faith because they don't invite God into their heart, so he can help them overcome their cycle of pain. They miss the peace that comes from forgiveness and being forgiven. But most of all, they miss out on the beautiful people God brings into their life who love them so much.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|He desired her and, so far as her virginal emotions went, she contemplated a surrender with equanimity. Yet she knew she would forget him half an hour after she left him - like an actor kissed in a picture.
Mark Sichel, Healing from Family Rifts: Ten Steps to Finding Peace After Being Cut Off from a Family Member|There must be some kind of internal time distortion effect in here, because when I look at myself in the little mirror above my sink, what I see is my father's face, my face turning into his. I am beginning to feel how the man looked, especially how he looked on those nights he came home so tired he couldn't even make it through dinner without nodding off, sitting there with his bowl of soup cooling in front of him, a rich pork-and-winter-melon-saturated broth that, moment by moment, was losing - or giving up - its tiny quantum of heat into the vast average temperature of the universe.
Trish Deseine, Home: Recipes from Ireland|No bacon for you.""Then no eggs for you. Either of you."Eve glowered at him. "Prisoner exchange?"They glared at each other, then swapped pans and started scooping.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Tribe life is not easy for anyone. But at least I was born female. I hate to think what my life would be like if I had not been."That made the dragon chuckle. "You don't hear that very often from Southlander women.""I do not know why," Elina answered honestly. "I would never want to be man. That cock hanging between your legs all day. You have no control of emotions. If we leave you to yourselves, you destroy without though; rage without reason; and attempt to fuck anything that wants you to leave them be.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Hello, inner child, I'm the inner babysitter!
Donald Trump|The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.
Winston Churchill|I've been to war, and it's not easy to kill. It's bloody and messy and totally horrifying, and the consequences are serious.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today we have more knowledge than at any other time in history. In seconds our laptops or PCs can call up information about a topic that would have taken years to collect. Young people graduate with more knowledge than ever before—but in spite of their knowledge, they are confused, bewildered, frustrated, and without moral moorings.
Horace|Pactum serva" - "Keep the faith
Seamus Heaney|I can't think of a case where poems changed the world, but what they do is they change people's understanding of what's going on in the world.
Sarah Winman, A Year of Marvellous Ways|The choir sang and the old man sang and Drake couldn't sing, and suddenly he began to cry because of the music, because of the sound of the boys' voices, because of what they might turn into.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|They really hate you, yes they do. They hate everyone, how 'bout you?
Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child|She possessed intelligence and didn't put it to use but, rather, wasted it, like a great lady for whom all the riches of the world are merely a sign of vulgarity. That was the fact that must have beguiled Nino: the gratuitousness of Lila's intelligence.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|When I say forever,' Koschei whispered, 'I mean until the black death of the world. An Ivan means just the present moment, the flickering light of it, in a green field, his mouth on yours. He means the stretching of that moment. But forever isn't bright; it isn't like that. Forever is cold and hard and final.
Alina Radoi|they say that girls are the ones who want fairy tail endings, but then again, who are the authors of fairy tales? mostly men...
Natasha Friend, For Keeps|Physical attraction was about aesthetics, not sexual performance, not mental stimulation. Without a mental connection, a remarkable sexual performance yielded no lifelong guarantees. It was only lust. And lust was not love.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|An honest man is a debtless man, he doesn't owe anyone anything.
Wess Stafford, Too Small to Ignore: Why Children Are the Next Big Thing|So why is a third of our world battling obesity and spending huge sums to burn off excess calories, while the other two-thirds yearn to get more of them?
honeya|The old myth is true. We see our environment as a mirror to our self-image. If we think we are weak, everybody will appear like a threat. If we think we are strong, we will try to help everyone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Compassion only plagues those with hearts, much like a field of thorns only troubles those who bleed.
Bastiat, Frederick, The Law|The right of self-determination of the peoples includes the right to a state of their own. However, the foundation of a state does not increase the freedom of a people. The system of the United Nations that is based on nation-states has remained inefficient. Meanwhile, nation-states have become serious obstacles for any social development. Democratic confederalism is the contrasting paradigm of the oppressed people. Democratic confederalism is a non-state social paradigm. It is not controlled by a state. At the same time, democratic confederalism is the cultural organizational blueprint of a democratic nation. Democratic confederalism is based on grassroots participation. Its decision-making processes lie with the communities. Higher levels only serve the coordination and implementation of the will of the communities that send their delegates to the general assemblies. For limited space of time they are both mouthpiece and executive institution. However, the basic power of decision rests with the local grassroots institutions.
Chauncey Depew|Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.
Ivanka Trump|My mornings are really about being with my children, so I tend to lay out my outfit the night before when my children are asleep so I can have a quick turnaround time in the morning.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|It's okay," I said soothingly. "You're just getting your stride back. Once you're up to full power, I'll go crack a rib or something so we can test it."She groaned. "The horrible part is that I don't think you're joking.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Before I could lose my courage, I said, "Don't I get a kiss for luck? It's kind of a tradition, right?"I figured she would punch me. Instead, she drew her knife and stared at the army marching toward us. "Come back alive, Seaweed Brain. Then, we'll see.
Kate Meader, Irresistible You|When you love someone deeply,Say it with a flower,And seal it with a kiss.
Marah J. Hardt, Sex in the Sea: Our Intimate Connection with Sex-Changing Fish, Romantic Lobsters, Kinky Squid, and Other Salty Erotica of the Deep|Just imagine spending your entire adult life in the big city, meeting tons of attractive fellow singles day in and day out, year after year, but having to wait until just before you kick the bucket to have sex. And if that is not torture enough, when you finally get to do it, your only option is to go back to your hometown and lose your virginity with someone from your high school.That's a salmon's sex life in a nutshell.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|It's so stupid because all I wanted was space and now that I have it, there's this part of me that's achingly lonely I could die.
Neil Gaiman|I don’t ever remember being afraid of “oldness”.There are things I miss about being younger - chiefly the ability to pull all-nighters and keep working and working well; and being smiled at by girls I didn’t know who thought I was cute; and I wish I had the eyesight I had even five years ago… but that stuff feels pretty trivial. I’m happier than I’ve been at any time in my life these days. I have a wonderful wife whom I adore, watched three amazing kids grow into two delightful adults and my favourite teenager, an astonishing number of grand life experiences, I’ve made art I’m proud of, I have real, true, glorious friends, and I’ve been able to do real good for things I care about, like freedom of speech, like libraries.Sometimes I’ll do something like An Evening With Neil and Amanda, or the 8 in 8 project, and completely surprise myself.I miss friends who have died, but then, I’m glad that time gave them to me, to befriend, even for a while, and that I was alive to know them. I knew Douglas Adams, and I knew Roger Zelazny, and I knew John M Ford, and I knew Diana Wynne Jones… do you know how lucky that makes me?Ah, I’m rabbiting on, and I sound a bit more Pollyannaish than I’m intending to sound: I know the downside of age and the downside of time, and I am sure that the view from age 51 is not the view from age 71.I wish the time hadn’t gone so fast, though. And sometimes I wish I’d enjoyed it more on the way, and worried about it less.
Allan Pinkerton|To be something abnormal meant that you were to serve the normal. And if you refused, they hated you... and often the normal hated you even when you did serve them.
C.M.  Hayden, The Stars That Form Us|There seemed to be handfuls of stars tossed right above the rooftops in Haddan, keeping the town still alight at midnight.
P. J. O'Rourke|It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|There is no such thing as the perfect relationship. You can however, create a relationship which is perfect. Perfection comes from your commitment to being a teacher and a student. Being as curious and playful as children. Having the maturity of an adult, and being a friend, partner, and lover. Perfection often comes from imperfection. So, embrace the challenges and learn to grow together, not apart….
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women or Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy|Your father, Jo. He never loses patience,--never doubts or complains,--but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully, that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him. He helped and comforted me, and showed me that I must try to practise all the virtues I would have my little girls possess, for I was their example. It was easier for your sakes than for my own; a startled or surprised look from one of you, when I spoke sharply, rebuked me more than any words could have done; and the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy.
Suzi Quatro|Television has changed. There's obviously the generic shows, but on HBO and AMC, there are some really great series, so I'm not closed off to television. If there's an amazing role with amazing people and a great story, I'd definitely be open to it.
David Walton|To be candid with you, free agency hurts all sports. It's great for athletes making an enormous amount of money. But to say it helps the sports, I don't believe that.
Megan Duke, Infinite Limits: A Conclusion to Small Circles|I love you like the woman I am now. Not the girl I was. I’m battered and bruised and I’m tougher, but I’m still here. I’m scared to death, but I’m more frightened of a life without you.
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|Boys are unpredictable. This maybe not be news, but I'm starting to think it's one of the best things about them.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|On the TV he found cartoons and movies, music videos and game shows, repeat broadcasts and reruns, but there was nothing current, and no news. Many channels were just blank, or displayed brightly coloured test cards.
John Adams|Leadership is about vision and responsibility, not power.
Action Bronson|I think what's going to happen with linear television is it's going to become more linear. It's going to become more about events and more about award shows, live sports - all those things that, really, you can't replicate.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I stood in front of him, frustratedly imagining his naked muscular chest, and wanting his hot cock to spear me. My nipples were aroused, feeling as hard and long as coat hooks. They prodded fiercely through the thin blue material at him, like little calling signs of how horny and ready for sex I was. The best advertisement of all: erect nipples!
Sabrina Carpenter|I auditioned for a movie recently, and when I went in, the producer said he'd told one of its stars, Naomi Watts, that he was auditioning me, and she'd said, 'She's so funny; she's a great actress - you should hire her.' What a lovely, kind, and supportive thing to do for another woman.
C. JoyBell C.|They taught the women that the home is a shame and in doing so, they successfully decomposed nations. Instead of it being the greatest honour to build a family, it became a laughingstock. And in this becoming, they successfully deconstructed nations. They taught the men that loyalty is merely an option and in doing so, they successfully destroyed nations. Instead of it being the greatest pride to love one woman, it became a joke, a funny side comment. And in this becoming, they successfully poisoned nations. Your home is your atom, your cell, your genome. Your love is your honour, your word, your truth. You wonder why we live in deconstructed nations, you ask one another why you live on torn fibres, cracked ground, and yet you continue to listen to what they tell you. You have put shame where there should be a throne, you have placed a joke where there should be a crown. You have successfully destroyed your nations.
Catt Ford, Extreme Bull|To learn of the existence of other lesbians through the media, no matter how unfortunate those characters were, must have been reassuring to women who loved other women.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A woman’s beauty is worth little to you, a woman’s intelligence is worth much to you, a woman’s virtue is worth more to you, a woman’s love is worth the most to you, and a woman’s loyalty is worth everything to you.
Fareed Zakaria, In Defense of a Liberal Education|Finally, I am coming to the conclusion that my highest ambition is to be what I already am.
Lexxie Couper, Steady Beat|Levi smiled at her. "Your heart is aching now, I can see that. I know what it feels like. The only thing I can say to try and make it better is to use that pain. Take every feeling you have right now, pour it into your soul and then pour your soul into the song. Doesn't take the pain away, but it gives it purpose. Make sense?
Amy Chua, Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother|The fact is that Chinese parents can do things that would seem unimaginable-even legally actionable-to Westerners. Chinese mothers can say to their daughters, "Hey fatty-lose some weight." By contrast, Western parents have to tiptoe around the issue, talking in terms of "health" and never ever mentioning the f-word, and their kids still end up in therapy for eating disorders and negative self image.
Woodrow Wilson|Liberty has never come from the government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of the government. The history of government is a history of resistance. The history of liberty is the history of the limitation of government, not the increase of it.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|Because that is how one survives eternity,” I say, “or even a few years. Friends. Family. Moving with them. Moving forward.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|You can speak with spiritual eloquence, pray in public, and maintain a holy appearance... but it is your behavior that will reveal your true character.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|The sun still lives his silent vows to the moon, by bowing to kiss her feet whenever she walks in the room.
Hannah Moskowitz|Like the bat, the Sufi is asleep to 'things of the day' - the familiar struggle for existence which the ordinary man finds all-important - and vigilant while others are asleep. In other words, he keeps awake the spiritual attention dormant in others. That 'mankind sleeps in a nightmare of unfulfillment' is a commonplace of Sufi literature
Suze Orman|My first car, I got it in an auction at my temple. It was an '86 Volvo that I got for 500 bucks, and then wound up throwing $10,000 into the stereo system and put TVs in the foot rests. It was the most ridiculous Volvo you'd ever seen, but I had never had money before and I was out of my mind.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Borrow my eyes so you may see your greatness and recognize the gifts that you were uniquely placed on this planet to learn from, to share, and to teach.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On Truth and Untruth: Selected Writings|In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering in innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge. That was the haughtiest and most mendacious minute of "world history"- yet only a minute. After nature had drawn a few breaths the star grew cold, and the clever animals had to die.
Germany Kent|Gratitude is one of the most powerful human emotions. Once expressed, it changes attitude, brightens outlook, and broadens our perspective.
Chimnese Davids, My Unrequited Love Letters|Granted, I'd waited a long time to hear those words. Would've sold a kidney-maybe two-to have heard them at one point. Now, though...they didn't have the same impact. They were, in fact, an overcooked noodle in the pasta salad of love.
Buan Boonaca, Accumulation|He thought he vomited out his soul. If ghosts were made of ectoplasm and ghosts were basically souls without bodies, then it was perfectly logical that the green mess all over the ground was his ectoplasmic essence.
Cressida Cowell, How to Twist a Dragon's Tale|And now that its ruby eyes are set into the gold, you cannot see their tear-shape, so they seem to be laughing rather than crying. It is a constant reminder to me of the human ability to create something beautiful even when things are at the darkest.
Saurabh Sharma|Good improvisers seem telepathic; everything looks pre-arranged, This is because they accept all offers made—which is something no ‘normal’ person would do.
Jeffrey A.  White|For as long as I am here, let peace reign
Sid Bolon|If you worry about missing the boat, remember the Titanic!
Paul Hawken|The stars were going out now, one by one, dropping like pennies behind the television aerials and the skylights and the washing strung between the chimneys. The sky was still dark - a sated, navy-blue woman - but the grass was jittery with the expectation of dawn.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Under stress, they seek composure above all. But they do not find equanimity.
Laurie Perez, Torpor: Though the Heart Is Warm|We pick up our shots and for the first time there's a total absence of sound in the room. From the ceiling, shy silver things blink and wait. Dennis doesn't sit, but hovers at the edge of the table, leaning in with a darkroom perfected slump. His hair hangs like its edges were dipped in lead. Thin spears pointing to the table. I'm looking at his face; we're both serious in a self-aware way, pretending not to notice."It doesn't even feel like I left. God, you look fucking terrible. But it's a terrible face that drinks tequila well. Down. And cheers."We force a dull clash of cups and pour everything down at once. The hard tequila shudders that never happen in the movies. First your head feels light, then it starts receiving the distress signals from throat, lungs, belly. Your shoulders jerk to shake off the snake that wrapped around you and squeezed. It burns. The good burn.
R. W. Patterson|But it's the science of the stars!""She thinks it's Satanic. You gave her daughter a pentagram.""It's a natal chart, duh. You can't let ignorance trump science here, Miss Mary!
K. Farrell St. Germain, Then'diel's Song|I will tell you this my darlings, the very worst regrets are the things you couldn't have handled any other way.
Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom|Go," she whispered. "Go. Show them you spell your name W-O-M-A-N.
George Muller|I am always interested in that relationship between outer reality and inner desire, and I think it is important to pay attention to the inner voice because it is the only way to discover your mission in life and the only way to develop the strength to break with whatever familial or cultural norms are preventing you from fulfilling your destiny.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|In the liquid amber within the ivory porcelain, the initiated may touch the sweet reticence of Confucius, the piquancy of Laotse, and the ethereal aroma of Sakyamuni himself.
Paul Weller|There is no self-knowledge but an historical one. No one knows what he himself is who does not know his fellow men, especially the most prominent one of the community, the master's master, the genius of the age.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Look, this is helping me out quite a bit, but could you just get to the punishment part? We're at the end of World War Two in history, and I can't wait to find out who wins.
Brandy Lucas, Single, Not Dead|In creating you, God has alreadygiven you everything you need to livea life of endurance, abundance, andpurpose.
Patrick deWitt|From an early period, I had the happiness to rank among the foremost in the American Revolution. In the affection and confidence of the people, I am proud to say, I have a great share.
Roald Dahl, Boy: Tales of Childhood|Feel free to like & share!I have been writing now for 3 years, managed to publish 12 books, it's coming along. I can really use you guys support. A great amount of being a writer is having the ability to persist and along the way each book sale with its additional review comments is a win and a reminder that I can make it. Pick up one of my books today and if you like it, tell a friend and maybe will do the same thing. It would be much appreciated. You'll find them on Amazon and Kobo.Claire :)
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|If you want good laws, burn those you have and make new ones.
Rick Yancey, Rags & Bones: New Twists on Timeless Tales|I'd never understood why anyone would want to live forever. It had always seemed to me that death lent life a certain poignancy, a necessary tension.
Keith Gessen|One changes, as a writer, fairly quickly; what you wrote six months or a year ago might not sound right anymore.
B.J. Daniels, Rough Rider|Her gaze locked with his and she felt her heart quicken. Slowly, he bent his head until his lips were only a breath away from her own. She couldn't breathe. Didn't dare. She thought she would die if he didn't kiss her.
Ally Condie, Matched|Lightning. Once it has forked, hot-white, from sky to earth, there is no going back
Chris Mentillo|Don't ever rely on one job, business contact, etc for your main source of income. Receive multiple sources of income for success.
Kelly Braffet|You think you're paying your dollar for a chance at the $6.2 million jackpot on Saturday, but really you're paying for the pleasure of the car ride home, deciding which credit card to pay off first and where your kid will suddenly be able to go to college.
Patricia Vanasse, Against All Odds|5.	That people do not believe in you or in your ideas does not necessary mean that you are not good or that your ideas are not good enough. The problem is not with you but with them. For every great invention, we have today encountered this opposition. If you, therefore want to be great you must learn not to live your life based on the opinion of others but on your convictions.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|This is not new: people do business with people they like, know and trust. Taking that axiom in to account, would YOU trust YOU?
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|Anita Johnston, Ph.D., author of Eating in the Light of the Moon, taught me to look in the mirror with curiosity rather than fear. So I may look at my reflection and think, ‘That’s interesting. I wonder why my body seems bigger today than it did yesterday. Maybe it’s water weight. Maybe it’s my outfit. Or maybe my eyes are just playing tricks on me.’ I know it’s not possible for me to gain a noticeable amount of weight overnight, so I will go no further than that. I move on with my day without skipping a beat—and definitely without missing a meal.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|A company could use bricks to measure their growth rate. How many bricks have angry investors thrown at you lately? If the answer is none, then your growth rate is probably pretty good… for the moment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most often, what I don’t know will have a vastly greater bearing on my life that what I do know.
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind|We are supposed to be different. Do not try to put round pegs in square holes. When people look at us, believe in yourself.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|A bit of research can save you hours, days of time correcting mistakes that you never had to make in the first place.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|To the press alone, chequered as it is with abuses, the world is indebted for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Over the Teacups|What refuge is there for the victim who is oppressed with the feeling that there are a thousand new books he ought to read, while life is only long enough for him to attempt to read a hundred?
Hyrum W. Smith, The 3 Gaps: Are You Making a Difference?|He was one of life’s great helpers, for he cleaned up foul places and made them sweet.
Beth Revis|Eldest taught me about ancient religions that worshiped the sun. I never understood why- it's just a ball of light and heat. But if the sun of Sol-Earth swirls in colors and lights like that girl's hair, well, I can see why the ancients would worship that.
Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan|When you take the time to actually listen, with humility, to what people have to say, it's amazing what you can learn. Especially if the people who are doing the talking also happen to be children.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|No one leads an army to war, unless they have first served in battle
Octavia E. Butler|You don't start out writing good stuff. You start out writing crap and thinking it's good stuff, and then gradually you get better at it. That's why I say one of the most valuable traits is persistence.
Émile Durkheim|We do not condemn it because it is a crime, but it is a crime because we condemn it.
Steve Maraboli|If you make a hiring mistake, make the change quickly. Don’t ignore problems. Don’t assume it will get better.
Susan Speranza, Tale of Lucia Grandi|A good solution applied with vigor now is better than a perfect solution applied 10 minutes later" Gen. George Patton,
Mike Dooley|Without sacrifice, true love is incomprehensible.
Albert Camus|Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it.
Deb Baker, Murder Passes the Buck|The difference between men and women is this--if you catch a woman butt-naked, she tries to cover the private parts with her hands. A man will sit there just like you found him even if he doesn't have much to be proud of.
Thomas S. Monson|The philosophies of men surround us. The face of sin today often wears the mask of tolerance. Do not be deceived; behind that facade is heartache, unhappiness, and pain. You know what is right and what is wrong, and no disguise, however appealing, can change that. Be the one to make a stand for right, even if you stand alone. Have the moral courage to be a light for others to follow.
Victor Pelevin, Babylon|How can non-existence get sick of itself?Everytime you wake up, you appear again out of nowhere. And so does everything else. Death just means the replacement of the usual morning waking with something else, something quite impossible even to think about. We don't even have the instrument to do it, because our mind & our world are the same thing.
G.K. Chesterton, The Glass Walking Stick|Saint-worship is not the same as hero-worship; it is a much less dangerous thing than hero-worship. For hero-worship generally means the absorption or transmutation of some part, at any rate, of one's own original ideas of goodness under the heat and hypnotism of some strong personality. But saint-worship, especially when it is a worship of saints whom we know little or nothing about, is simply the worship of that tradition of goodness in which the saint's name has been embalmed; and into that empty mould our own natural idealism can much more easily be poured.
Francesca Lia Block|You can't doubt so much, Psyche
Marion G. Romney|You can give without loving ,but you can't love without giving.
Derrick Jensen, A Language Older Than Words|The reluctant will heed wisdom only when the confidence exhibited by the righteous awakens the seed of introspection,and the awareness of acountability, into the psyche of the uncertain.
David Hume|Most of the songs I write are just very directly from my life. I don't have a big imagination. Whenever I tried to write from fantasy, it comes out sounding really fake.
Nenia Campbell, Bound to Accept|My sub doesn't pay for me,” he says, pulling me to my feet. “That just doesn't happen.”“But we ordered so much,” I say helpl
Benjamin Spock|In automobile terms, the child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.
Pamela Meyer|I believe anger is a wasted emotion, and I don't like to waste emotions.
Cheryl Aguiar, Great Horned Owlets Rescue: Where There's a Will, There's a Way....|Never stop exploring... with Mother Nature by your side, the possibilities are endless.
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|You lived intensely with others, only to have them disappear overnight, since the shadow class was condemned to movement. The men left for other jobs, towns, got deported, returned home, changed names. Sometimes someone came popping around a corner again, or on the subway then they vanished again. Addresses, phone numbers did not hold. The emptiness Biju felt returned to him over and over, until eventually he made sure not to let friendships sink deep anymore.
Piet Mondrian|I lend my daughter beauty products, but only as a treat. If she's going to a party, I'll let her borrow a mascara or moisturizer.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|Intelligence reports and local folklore together perpetuated tales of his bloody adventures across the rim worlds and badlands of Terran space. It was his trademark and often over the last two decades, history proclaimed in large bloody letters that ‘Kilroy woz ‘ere.
Yeonmi Park, In Order to Live: A North Korean Girl's Journey to Freedom|Lack of thanksgiving result to lack of appreciation. Most people fail to appreciate because they failed to devote offering thanksgiving. You'll never appreciate your Pastor, Family, Partner or Friend, if you are not thankful of their presence. Be thankful then you'll learn to appreciate somehow.
Farshad Asl|Leaders don't assume. Assumptions are the termites of leadership. Communicate, communicate, and communicate, until you connect.
Robert    Emmett, Meowing on the Answering Machine|I thought I was in love, but it was only a head cold." (Humans)
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|Revenge is like politics, one thing always leads to another until bad has become worse, and worse has become worst.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|There are two kinds of perfect: The one you can never achieve, and the other, by just being yourself.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I also never would have imagined I'd quote back a church lesson, but when the rest of the crowd stood up to take communion, I found myself saying to Dimitri: "Don't you think that if God can supposedly forgive you, it's kind of egotistical for you not to forgive yourself?""How long have you been waiting to use that line on me?" he asked."Actually, it just came to me. Pretty good, huh? I bet you thought I wasn't paying attention.""You weren't. You never do. You were watching me.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Although idea and form are ultimately paramount in my work, so too are chance, accident, and rawness.
Edward Frenkel, Love and Math: The Heart of Hidden Reality|Certainly not! I didn't build a machine to solve ridiculous crossword puzzles! That's hack work, not Great Art! Just give it a topic, any topic, as difficult as you like..."Klapaucius thought, and thought some more. Finally he nodded and said:"Very well. Let's have a love poem, lyrical, pastoral, and expressed in the language of pure mathematics. Tensor algebra mainly, with a little topology and higher calculus, if need be. But with feeling, you understand, and in the cybernetic spirit.""Love and tensor algebra?" Have you taken leave of your senses?" Trurl began, but stopped, for his electronic bard was already declaiming:Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,Their indices bedecked from one to n,Commingled in an endless Markov chain!Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,And every vector dreams of matrices.Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:It whispers of a more ergodic zone.In Reimann, Hilbert or in Banach spaceLet superscripts and subscripts go their ways.Our asymptotes no longer out of phase,We shall encounter, counting, face to face.I'll grant thee random access to my heart,Thou'lt tell me all the constants of thy love;And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove,And in bound partition never part.For what did Cauchy know, or Christoffel,Or Fourier, or any Boole or Euler,Wielding their compasses, their pens and rulers,Of thy supernal sinusoidal spell?Cancel me not--for what then shall remain?Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,A root or two, a torus and a node:The inverse of my verse, a null domain.Ellipse of bliss, converge, O lips divine!The product of our scalars is defined!Cyberiad draws nigh, and the skew mindCuts capers like a happy haversine.I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.Bernoulli would have been content to die,Had he but known such a^2 cos 2 phi!
Anastasia Novyh "Allatra"|Get to know everything is impossible, but we should to strive for this.
Jan Mckingley Hilado, Rich Real Radical: 40 Lessons from a Magna Cum Laude and a College Drop Out|Summoning gratitude is a sure way to get our life back on track. Opening our eyes to affirm gratitude grows the garden of our inner abundance, just as standing close to a fire eventually warms our heart.
Kristian Kan|you know, a daydream properly utilized can be the most powerful force in the universe. One need only dream of freedom to begin to break the spell of enslavement.
Sebastian Japrisot|He buys Playboy magazines and looks through them once, then gives them to me. That’s what it’s like to be rich.Here’s what it’s like to be poor. Your wife leaves you because you can’t find a job because there aren’t any jobs to find. You empty the jar of pennies on the mantel to buy cigarettes. You hate to answer the phone; it can’t possibly be good news. When your friends invite you out, you don’t go. After a while, they stop inviting. You owe them money, and sometimes they ask for it. You tell them you’ll see what you can scrape up.Which is this: nothing.
Debasish Mridha|Anger dulls the sharpness of mind, hardens the softness of feelings, and replaces the sweetness of the world with bitterness.
Akhenaton|Let me alone, and go in search of someone else.
B.J. Daniels, Rough Rider|He noticed her eyes were a rich, warm brown, the same color as his favorite horse."Yes?"He realized he'd been staring. At least he had the sense not to voice his thoughts. He doubted she would appreciate her eye color being compared to that of his horse's hide even if it was his favorite.
Karen Armstrong|These days politics, religion, media seem to get all mixed up. Television became the new religion a long time back and the media has taken over.
Esmeralda Santiago, Conquistadora|I learned you pay for your happiness. That's why I don't expect to be happy all the time. I'd rather be surprised by one moment every so often to remind me that joy is possible, even if I have to pay for it later.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Sometimes you don’t even know how strong you are, the devil sees it before you do and attacks
C.G. Jung|We are all born free from all religious affiliations and only come to believe in such things after being introduced to it ― so, atheism is the default position. Although some children are not indoctrinated with a specific religion before the age of reason, there are many more who are.
Guy Verhofstadt|And I have been able to give freedom and life which was acknowledged in the ecstasy of walking hand in hand across the most beautiful bridge of the world, the cables enclosing us and pulling us upward in such a dance as I have never walked and never can walk with another.
Kenneth C. Goldman, Desiree|When I first read Lovecraft around 1971, and even more so when I began to read about his life, I immediately knew that I wanted to write horror stories. I had read Arthur Machen before I read Lovecraft, and I didn’t have that reaction at all. It was what I sensed in Lovecraft’s works and what I learned about his myth as the “recluse of Providence” that made me think, “That’s for me!” I already had a grim view of existence, so there was no problem there. I was and am agoraphobic, so being reclusive was a snap. The only challenge was whether or not I could actually write horror stories. So I studied fiction writing and wrote every day for years and years until I started to get my stories accepted by small press magazines. I’m not comparing myself to Lovecraft as a person or as a writer, but the rough outline of his life gave me something to aspire to. I don’t know what would have become of me if I hadn’t discovered Lovecraft.
Holly Black, Ironside|In those stories, one is often asked to do something unimaginably terrible to the creature. Cut off it's head, say. A test. Not a test of love. A test of trust. Trust lifts the spell.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|As the dew drop slides down the leaf to wet the soil, they call it "fall in love". Yet, do we know the way up from the way down?
J.R.R. Tolkien|This is the ending. Now not day only shall be beloved, but night too shall be beautiful and blessed and all its fear pass away.
David Mamet|I am very close to my brother Ramesh Babu. When my father was away for shootings, my brother would take care of me, and I am very close to him, and yes, Dad's always special. He used to call me and enquire about my film's progress. Whenever I deliver a hit, I can see a glow on my father's face.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|Simply put, the best revenge is to live an awesome life.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|If I stay, it’s going to be in your bed.” 	Her pounding heart relaxed, the fear that he’d reject her floating away like tiny grains of sand in the wind. “I know.”	“And we’re not going to sleep.”	“I’m good with that, too.
Oscar Wilde|Some have called we rock and roll performers who never retire 'troubadours.' I enjoy this misnomer immensely. While there are many differences between me and my distant predecessors in L'Occitane, I do believe there is a lineage that connects us of the last 70 years with those romantic singers of the High Middle Ages.
Ben Stein|It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you continually engaged in educating yourself, undertaking and fulfilling your responsibility and learned never to give up regardless of your circumstances
Grace Draven, Radiance|This should never have happened, Brishen. We were unimportant, you and I. We weren't supposed to mean anything to anyone.""Woman of day," he said slowly. "You mean everything to me.
Chuck Close|All architecture has a public nature, I believe, so I would like to make a public space.
Philip Yancey|To worship is to quicken the conscience by the holiness of God, to feed the mind with the truth of God, to purge the imagination by the beauty of God, to open the heart to the love of God, to devote the will to the purpose of God.
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|Shadows go in front of you, leading into your future, and trail behind you, leaving a part of you in the past. They are clearest when we are in the light, and disappear when we lose ourselves in darkness.
Lauren Hammond, Famished|Hello, dinner. It’s me, I’m starving. And I know where you live.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Like the fact that the person Sirius cared for the most about in the world was you," said Dumbledore quietly.
Christina Phillips, Hold Me Until Midnight|Love comes in seemingly insignificant moments and if you’re not paying attention, you might miss them.
Kevin James|When you think about the day-to-day, positive impact on the lives of U.S. citizens, there is no relationship that we have in the world that is more important than our relationship with Canada.
Stephen King, It|Already, I'm starting to forget the face of the man I killed.
Jessica Page Morrell|In my opinion, too much attention to weather makes for instability of character.
Nana Awere Damoah|Come to Africa and help! Wherever you may be in the world, there is something you can give back to the continent that gave you a name and an identity, at least.
Anna Godbersen, Bright Young Things|...a soft inward look some into his eyes, as if he was amazed to find himself alive on such a beautiful day.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|he was almost joyously what he had always been, a lot of gee whiz, it was all new and fresh even when surely he had seen much of it before, and it was as if he took delight in not having been changed externally by all that he had seen.
Ma Jun|It is the public that is illiterate in science and math, a lazy press, and environmental advocacy groups that manufacture fear for misconceptions about energy.
Mykyta Isagulov|Language, because it is imperfect, cannot encompass experience in its raw and primal condition. To verbalize emotion and action is to decrease their impact.
Morrissey|To me you are a work of art, and I would give you my heart - that's if I had one.
Judith Butler, Frames of War: When Is Life Grievable?|Precisely because a living being may die, it is necessary to care for that being so that it may live. Only under conditions in which the loss would matter does the value of the life appear. Thus, grievability is a presupposition for the life that matters.
Shannon L. Alder|Who gets to be the judge of reality? If it was deeply felt, believed, spoken about often or altered your life course, then it was real enough. Faith doesn't get the luxury of all those things one hundred percent of the time, but we call that normal behavior based on a gut feeling.” I said. I looked at his wife and she busted out laughing. Her husband was trying to catch invisible butterflies above his head—dementia. My patients teach me the most sobering of truths: Why wreck his smile. If I could see them, I would want to catch them too.
Taranpreet Singh|Talking to the Divine is possible when you have your knowledge, thoughts, mind & body in line, remembering God with every breath. In Sufism, it is called ‘Sama’. But in reality, it should be called ‘Self realization’, I think.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe. God or Satan, politics or grammar, topology or philately (...) To games or needles, to some other person.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|One third, more or less, of all the sorrow that the person I think I am must endure is unavoidable. It is the sorrow inherent in the human condition, the price we must pay for being sentient and self-conscious organisms, aspirants to liberation, but subject to the laws of nature and under orders to keep on marching, through irreversible time, through a world wholly indifferent to our well-being, toward decrepitude and the certainty of death. The remaining two thirds of all sorrow is homemade and, so far as the universe is concerned, unnecessary.
Alexander Lowen, The Voice of the Body|As adults, we hvae many inhibitions against crying. We feel it is an expression of weakness, or femininity or of childishness. The person who is afraid to cry is afraid of pleasure. This is because the person who is afraid to cry holds himself together rigidly so that he won't cry; that is, the rigid person is as afraid of pleasure as he is afraid to cry. In a situation of pleasure he will become anxious. As his tensions relax he will begin to tremble and shake, and he will attempt to control this trembling so as not to break down in tears. His anxiety is nothing more than the conflict between his desire to let go and his fear of letting go. This conflict will arise whenever the pleasure is strong enough to threaten his rigidity.Since rigidity develops as a means to block out painful sensations, the release of rigidity or the restoration of the natural motility of the body will bring these painful sensations to the fore. Somewhere in his unconscious the neurotic individual is aware that pleasure can evoke the repressed ghosts of the past. It could be that such a situation is responsible for the adage "No pleasure without pain.
Shannon L. Alder|They were both sad that their love had died, but they agreed that there was nothing they could do about it. They would just have to part.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|It has always been the prime function of mythology and rite to supply the symbols that carry the human spirit forward, in counteraction to those that tend to tie it back.
Samuel Butler|Do you have hands? Excellent. That's a good start. Can you hold a pencil? Great. If you have a sketchbook, open it and start by making a line, a mark, wherever. Doodle.
Leonard Baskin|Canadians tend to be a bit more religious than most Europeans - though not more than the Poles or Ukrainians. Most important, their attitude to immigration and ethnic minorities is more positive than that of most Europeans.
Corliss Lamont|Thank you for stitching me up" I say."I seem to have a talent for it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Call your personal board now and discuss the important questions. You cannot invent, re-invent or show creative brilliance without asking pertinent questions. You must demand answers from your life, from your present circumstances or from any challenge you may face. Why can’t you change? What does it take to get different results? What else can you do or try?
Katie McGrath|When I play discos in Belfast or freshers' week in Oxford, there are 1,800 kids dressed as me. It's odd, it's funny, and it pays really well.
Bobby Knight|I think what endurance sports teach you is to stay dedicated, stay focused, and also to understand you're going to have ups and downs, but you need to keep running right through them.
Hayley Hasselhoff|If efforts to do social work are couched in selfish motives, then they will die a premature death. Why would my efforts get politicised? I have values I inherited from my father. He helped many. Anyone, even a postman knocking on our door would get a glass of water and some sweets.
Jimmy Carter, Our Endangered Values: America's Moral Crisis|I believe that anyone can be successful in life, regardless of natural talent or the environment within which we live. This is not based on measuring success by human competitiveness for wealth, possessions, influence, and fame, but adhering to God's standards of truth, justice, humility, service, compassion, forgiveness, and love.
Mansur al-Hallaj, The Great Satan "Eblis"|When we make mistakes, we simply say sorry. And saying the words would cost us our pride most of the time.
Holly Smale, Geek Girl|The power to change is already within you, ready to be discovered. Find new methods to deal with old routines. It is up to you to make the conscious choices that bring a better future.
Paulo Coelho|We can't look to the world to restore our worth; we're here to restore our worth to the world. The world outside us can reflect our glory, but it cannot create it. It cannot crown us. Only God can crown us, and he already has.
Debasish Mridha|In life, you will always find what you are looking for.
Amish Tripathi, The Secret of the Nagas|The opposite of love is not hate, its apathy, when you simply don't bother about that person!
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|To serve the many, you first serve the few.
Ernest Hemingway, To Have and Have Not|Don't think that this people are stupid, probably you have caught one, but you didn't finish your work and what now???You were in their trap...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Time is life.Time for birth, time for death.
Robert W. Chambers, The King in Yellow and Other Horror Stories|Damn it, it wasn’t quite fresh enough!
Ferdinand de Saussure, Course in General Linguistics|The essence of America – that which really unites us — is not ethnicity, or nationality or religion – it is an idea — and what an idea it is: That you can come from humble circumstances and do great things. That it doesn’t matter where you came from but where you are going.
Denny Taylor|We distance ourselves for protection,Wear scarves when it’s cold. What seems most outlandish in our autobiography Is what really happened.
Laini Taylor|I had wanted to hate you that day. Believe me, I had. And then suddenly, staring at me incredulously, your extra half-tooth had blurted out aloud, ‘You get dimples on both cheeks!’ your immaculate lisp intact, on both the ‘s’es. I remember that second, the way your hair fell, the nankhatais on my tongue and the strains of Akhtar’s melody in the air. I had fallen in love with you then. I miss that second.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Bob Marley|It's amazing that a man who is dead can talk to people through these pages. As long as this books survives, his ideas live.
Bindi Irwin|My son is so fortunate, you know. He's always going to have food. Yes, my children are going to be privileged, but that's why it's so important for them to see different realities and to travel, and they do already.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The old queen had failed them so miserably... She was such a bitter disappointment. But Ursula was different. There was no one to distract her, no one for her to love. She was alone in the world, alone in her grief, and alone with her pain. No, she wouldn't disappoint them. Unlike the old queen, Ursula would be able to fill her heart with hate.
Wafaa Nowaihed|عوامل عدة تسبب الحزن، لكننا نحن نصنع الفرح.... لنستمتع بالحياةGrieve caused by factors, joy is made by us… we should enjoy life
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|However, he wrote some verses on her, and very pretty they were.” “And so ended his affection,” said Elizabeth impatiently. “There has been many a one, I fancy, overcome in the same way. I wonder who first discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love!” “I have been used to consider poetry as the food of love,” said Darcy.  “Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Great Crash of 1929|Perhaps this is the purpose of detective investigations, real and fictional -- to transform sensation, horror and grief into a puzzle, and then to solve the puzzle, to make it go away. 'The detective story,' observed Raymond Chandler in 1949, 'is a tragedy with a happy ending.' A storybook detective starts by confronting us with a murder and ends by absolving us of it. He clears us of guilt. He relieves us of uncertainty. He removes us from the presence of death.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our personal story has many chapters that reconnoiter universal themes. We each struggle to understand ourselves and aspire to make ourselves known to the world. We struggle to win the love of other people. We seek to pick all the low hanging fruit that we come across in our journey through the corridor of time. We write our story in the Niagara of emotional experiences that flowing watercourse makes us human. We use a profusion of words, symbols, and the nuances pulled from a rich library of language to depict the cascade of our visions, sounds, smells, tastes, feelings, dreams, and infelicitous thoughts. We use logical and dialectal thought processes when communing with our inner self. We use self-speak along with the esemplastic powers of poetic imagination, sprinkled with the fizz of creativity, to cohere disparate chapters of our life into a unified whole and relay the effervescence of our story to other people.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|It is an utter insult towards the fascinating neurons of your cerebral cortex, to believe anybody’s words blindly, even if that person is a Scientist or a Philosopher. So, I urge to you, that you must exercise your own reasoning and judgment (that’s what your cerebral cortex is for; to be specific the frontal lobes) at all times.
James White Fellow of INSTAAR|We need leaders, we need political leaders and we need business leaders, and my hope for this book is that it helps create that next generation of business leaders that will lead us into the future.
Lalah Delia|Healing—takes time,and—so does—not healing.Chose—how you spend your time —wisely.
Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune|Create or arouse such unbridled forces and you built carnal fantasies of enormous complexity. You could lead whole populations around by their desires, by their fantasy projections.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Use your mind’s talents diligently, your heart’s powers incredibly, and your soul’s genius profitably.
Savania China, Challenge and Improve: Confronting, and Deriving Valuable Life Lessons from, Popular Quotes|Live a life that fits your specific circumstances, not one that fits someone else’s expectations
J.R.R. Tolkien|Though mortal Men have little life beside the span of the Elves, they would rather spend it in battle than fly or submit. The defiance of Húrin Thalion is a great deed; and though Morgoth slay the doer he cannot make the deed not to have been. Even the Lords of the West will honour it; and is it not written into the history of Arda, which neither Morgoth nor Manwë can unwrite?
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit|We must have clean air and water, and beautiful natural foods for everyone, everywhere.
Amy Grant|I travel around and hear from so many kids. Their parents say they were always very picky but they watch the show and they want to try stuff. The show is entertainment, but I think it has done so much for the public perception of what food can be.
Akiroq Brost|Act, think, do, according to your truth, according to who you are, and who you want to be. Congruency matters. How can you escape when you betray your heart, your passion, your needs and your mind? There is no hiding. It will eat you alive. Even if it is difficult, even if it may seem impossible, stay true to yourself. No one can live this life but you. If you live your life solely for others but never for yourself, you will impair your ability to truly help others. Whatever is within us always seeps out through our words, actions and behaviour. If we sabotage ourselves by doing what we may think we are supposed to, according to others but not according to our own hearts, what will our children and loved ones think? What are we showing the world when we betray our very nature? Will others think this is an act of love or self-love? Worse still if others then attempt to mimic it and do the same. Would you want your child deeply unhappy because they were following what they thought they had to, what was expected? If you wouldn't wish that for your child, then don't wish it for yourself either. Be just as loving and caring to yourself as you would be to those you love the most. Learn to love yourself enough to allow yourself to dream, explore, follow your passions, and even risk failure. Follow the truths that are carried within the heart of your soul.
David Ogilvy|Business cycles naturally entail peaks and troughs in employment, and socially responsible businesses should follow successful examples like Coca-Cola, Alcoa, Saudi Aramco, Africa Rainbow Minerals, and Google in working toward mitigating joblessness and enhancing people's abilities to earn a livelihood.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Out of every tragedy, " he said, "comes new strength.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I wanted to survive—not for my kind, but for trust, for friendship, for another being. (Eric)
Robert Greene, Mastery|When our earliest human ancestors left the trees and moved to the open grasslands of the savanna, they adopted an upright stance. Possessing already this powerful visual system, they could see far into the distance (giraffes and elephants might stand taller, but their eyes are on the sides, giving them instead panoramic vision). This allowed them to spot dangerous predators far away on the horizon and detect their movements even in twilight. Given a few seconds or minutes, they could plot a safe retreat. At the same time, if they focused on what was nearest at hand, they could identify all kinds of important details in their environment—footprints and signs of passing predators, or the colors and shapes of rocks that they could pick up and perhaps use as tools.
Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House|You see, there are some people that one loves, and others that perhaps one would rather be with.
John A. Ashley|Some think intuition is a gift, but it can be a curse as well--a voice calling to us from places that are better left unexplored...an echo of memories that will never die, no matter how hard we try to kill them.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|This body. This body Dan wanted to possess, and together they made a baby, asleep right now in the very next room. She tells herself that he's alive, that he's well, though some instinct in her tells her, every so often, that the baby is dead, that she needs to rush to his side. Either this will pass, or it never will. This is motherhood.
Robert L. Heilbroner, The Worldly Philosophers|Paradise, the capitalists promise, is right around the corner. True, mistakes have been made such as the Atlantic slave trade and the exploitation of the European working class, but we have learned our lesson and if we just wait a little longer and allow the pie to grow a little bigger, everybody will receive a fatter slice.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Adora Belle fought back, and to make sure fought back even before she was attacked.
William Beaumont, Experiments and Observations on the Gastric Juice: and the Physiology of Digestion|Sometimes to escape the noise of haunting memories, you need your best friends hand in your own, to help erase the sound and fill you with a sense of peace, even if it’s temporary.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|We're as ephemeral as raindrops. We all fall, and we all land somewhere.
Dylan Taylor|If your mom asks you to do the dishes, do not pull out your pirate attitude. But if someone tells you you're not good enough, says your dreams are too lofty, or claims there is no room in showbiz for a dancing violinist - well then, by all means, pull out your eye patch, my friend, and take to the high seas.
Eileen Anglin|A study of the San Francisco Beat enclave by psychiatrist Dr. Francis Rigney in the late 1950's showed 60 percent "were so psychotic or crippled by tensions, anxiety and neurosis as to be nonfunctional in the competitive world." In contrast, the several studies released so far made of the student radicals at Berkeley show them to be stable, serious, and of above-average intelligence. The point is that the Beats had to "cop out" of the Rat Race because they couldn't perform; the New Left chooses to reject a society it could easily be successful in.
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|We have always known that heedless self interest was bad morals, we now know that it is bad economics.
Lauren   Miller, All Things New|Brokenness is just like beauty; it's something we wear and carry, and if we let it define us, it will. But we are not our beauty or our brokenness, because souls are not made of beauty or brokenness. Souls are made of something permanent. Souls are made of truth.
Andrea Seigel|Funny songs aren't usually that good. Like Weird Al and maybe a couple of Beatles songs, but it's kind of hard to bring humor into rock music in an interesting way.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|I am always sad, I think. Perhaps this signifies that I am not sad at all, because sadness is something lower than your normal disposition, and I am always the same thing. Perhaps I am the only person in the world, then, who never becomes sad. Perhaps I am lucky.
Rosie Pugh|If you continue to threaten us, I will act upon my threat.’ I felt silly using the precise language of bargaining dictators and gangsters, but they seemed to take it seriously. Stickings’ smirk almost completely faded. ‘The thing is, Effie –’ his voice dropped to barely a murmur, ‘– I don’t believe you.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Is your life story the truth? Yes, the chronological events are true. Is it the whole truth? No, you see and judge it through your conditioned eyes and mind - not of all involved - nor do you see the entire overview. Is it nothing but the truth? No, you select, share, delete, distort, subtract, assume and add what you want, need and choose to.
Queen Latifah|I gave a funny speech at my wife's birthday party, and I'm thinking, 'Hey, I've still got it.'
George Seldes|Our contemporaries are constantly excited by two conflicting passions; they want to be led, and they wish to remain free: as they cannot destroy either one or the other of these contrary propensities, they strive to satisfy them both at once. They devise a sole, tutelary, and all-powerful form of government, but elected by the people. They combine the principle of centralization and that of popular sovereignty; this gives them a respite: they console themselves for being in tutelage by the reflection that they have chosen their own guardians. Every man allows himself to be put in leading-strings, because he sees that it is not a person or a class of persons, but the people at large that holds the end of his chain.By this system the people shake off their state of dependence just long enough to select their master, and then relapse into it again. A great many persons at the present day are quite contented with this sort of compromise between administrative despotism and the sovereignty of the people; and they think they have done enough for the protection of individual freedom when they have surrendered it to the power of the nation at large. This does not satisfy me: the nature of him I am to obey signifies less to me than the fact of extorted obedience.
Bel Arnesto|That’s the way life is sometimes: you can fix things up, but you can’t make them all better.
Jason  Gray|want to live like there's no tomorrow. Love like I'm on borrowed time. It's good to be alive." ~ Musician Jason Gray
Vicki L. Weavil, Crown of Ice|My god, they're everywhere.
Julia Quinn|Jem put the full force of himself into each smile, so that he seemed to be smiling with his eyes, his heart, his whole being.
Debasish Mridha|If someone ridicules you, say to him, I love you.
Fabrizio Moreira|Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Irum Zahra, Psychaotic: See The World In Red And Black|You see the world in colors,I see in Black and Red.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The thread that ties us to the center is the hidden cord of the heart, it is the thread of genius that can connect the mind with the heart, that allows the mind to feel and reveals the thought set within the heart.
Cara Delevingne|Climate change is the Everest of all problems, the thorniest challenge facing humankind.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|And yet, here I am. Perceiving everything that is wonderful to be proportionately difficult; everything that is possible an elaborate battle to achieve. My happy life was never enough for me. I always considered my time to be more precious than that of other people and almost every routine pursuit—equitable employment, domestic chores, friendship—unworthy of it. Now I see how this rebellion against ordinary happiness is the greatest vanity of them all.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|Oh God, my stomach must have won a medal- it's doing a lap of honour now.
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|Sometimes all that’s needed to heal a wounded soul and lift a sagging spirit is one loving listener, for at its core, listening is love–love that sacrifices its need to be heard in favor of hearing, a desire to lecture in favor of learning, an opportunity to show off in favor of showing compassion. Instead of always leading the way, a patient listener, just by nodding in all the right places, can help a wanderer discover the right path on her own.
Lucretius|You can't be on the cusp of innovation and at the forefront of technology if you're wearing blinders. If you don't have an exploration program where you're exploring your world here on Earth, underwater, and in space, then you're wearing blinders and handicapping yourself.
Freddie Mercury|The black groups that boycott certain films would do better to get the money together to make the films they want to see, or stay in church and leave us to our work.
Ramana Pemmaraju|They made love through their eyes, while their gestures conveyed otherwise!
Kat Unda|The Mad Affliction's arm shot out of the cage, grasping for me. I jumped back. His long, ragged talons swiped the air in front of me."Free me!" the Mad Affliction cried. He grasped for Bethany, but she backed away, too. "Free me and know the living nightmare that is unending madness!""You're not doing yourself any favors," I told him.
Akshay Vasu|Nobody cared for her until the time she touched everyone like a breeze, but the day she turned into a storm and swept everything on her way out, the world stood still. She was a nightmare none had ever across.
Charles Bukowski|I guess lesbianism wasn't so rampant in those days, they would've gotten a bunk with each other and just left me alone, you know. Which would have been just as well, you know..
Peter Dodds, Outer Search Inner Journey|Peter Friedrich, wer bin ich? Peter Frederick, who am I? German or American? The answer was neither and both. I had German blood but an American mentality.This trip allowed me to understand that a man can make his home where ever he chooses. If I wanted, I could live happily in America. My heart fought and pleaded, saying it wasn't true, that I was German, and only in Germany would I be content. In one of the few times in my life, intellect overruled emotion. Germany wasn't the key to my happiness. I couldn't deny what I had experienced, and my last hope for a key to the castle door died. International adoption destroyed the connection to my heritage. It is only conjuncture to guess how my life might have turned out under different circumstances, but there is one certainty: If I had remained in the orphanage or had been adopted by German parents, I never would have suffered the loss of my national identity. If I had to be adopted by Americans, then they should have been of German descent.
Landis Wade|The Clowns were Hungry. They did not want to wait to be fed. But when they sated there hunger, they wanted it to be in the right way, for the right reasons. They could wait . The Grace Keepers
George Orwell|I know it is the fashion to say that most of recorded history is lies anyway. I am willing to believe that history is for the most part inaccurate and biased, but what is peculiar to our own age is the abandonment of the idea that history could be truthfully written.
Antonio Gramsci|Is it better to work out consciously and critically one's own conception of the world and thus, in connection with the labours of one's own brain, choose one's sphere of activity, take an active part in the creation of the history of the world, be one's own guide, refusing to accept passively and supinely from outside the moulding of one' own personality?
Jen Grice, You Can Survive Divorce: Hope, Healing, and Encouragement for Your Journey|Henri held herself as if only her arms could keep her pieced together, and I saw that behind all her fake control—throwing herself at a teacher, carving our dad out of her heart—was something fragile. I wish we’d seen it sooner—my dad and Mr. Flynn, they had a responsibility to see it, to do better. Those moments were my sister spinning out.
Sorin Cerin|If we deny the thirst of love, we stand to lose the last known address of the stranger whithin us. 
Danka V., The Unchosen Life|What irritated me most in that entire situation was the fact that Iwasn’t feeling humiliated, or annoyed, or even fooled. Betrayal waswhat I felt, my heart broken not just by a guy I was in love with, butalso by, as I once believed, a true friend.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Twisted|Wit ought to be a glorious treat, like caviar. Never spread it about like marmalade.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|To free a man from error is not to deprive him of anything but to give him something: for the knowledge that a thing is false is a piece of truth. No error is harmless: sooner or later it will bring misfortune to him who harbours it. Therefore deceive no one, but rather confess ignorance of what you do not know, and leave each man to devise his own articles of faith for himself.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|There is something feeble and a little contemptible about a man who cannot face the perils of life without the help of comfortable myths. Almost inevitably some part of him is aware that they are myths and that he believes them only because they are comforting. But he dare not face this thought! Moreover, since he is aware, however dimly, that his opinions are not rational, he becomes furious when they are disputed.
Vilayanur S. Ramachandran|Everyone thought I was going to die like a year later, they didn't know. So I helped educate sports, and then the world, that a man living with HIV can play basketball. He's not going to give it to anybody by playing basketball.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|There are three sides to every story: yours, theirs, and the truth somewhere in the middle.
Celia Cruz|I haven't had a stationary home since going with the circus, but since my parents lived in Lafayette about 25 years ago and my sister lives here now, I always claim it as home.
Lillian Hellman|It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Ash nodded. “Look for Oberon or Mab,” he said grimly, scanning the battlefield. “They’ll likely be on opposite sides of the river. Try not to engage anything, Goodfellow. We don’t want a fight — we just want to get the scepter to the queen.”“Don’t kid yourself, Prince.” Puck grinned and drew his daggers, pointing to Ash with the tip. “You’re a traitor, Meghan’s the Summer princess, and I’m Robin Goodfellow. I’m sure the ranks of Unseelie will just let us waltz right through.
John T. Cacioppo, Loneliness: Human Nature and the Need for Social Connection|There are extremes within any population, but on average, at least among young adults, those who feel lonely actually spend no more time alone than do those who feel more connected. They are no more or less physically attractive than average, and they do not differ, on average, from the non-lonely in terms of height, weight, age, education, or intelligence. Most important, when we look at the broad continuum (rather than just the extremes) of people who feel lonely, we find that they have the capacity to be just as socially adept as anyone else. Feeling lonely does not mean that we have deficient social skills.
Radhe Maa|Money comes to those who act intelligently, and God to those who hunger for his grace
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|If we rated greatness by the influence of the great, we will say "Muhammad is the greatest of the great in history
Susan Barbara Apollon, Affirmations for Healing Mind, Body & Spirit|Affirmations are powerful and wonderful thoughts that serve you, your body, your immune system, your mind, and your spirit.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|For where all love is, the speaking is unnecessary
Debasish Mridha|Yoga is not only a process of the integration of the soul, mind, and body for self-improvement, it is a process of self -realization and self -acceptance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Since the day I’d left Yoroido, I’d done nothing but worry that every turn of life’s wheel would bring yet another obstacle into my path; and of course, it was the worrying and the struggle that had always made life so vividly real to me.
César Aira|A memory is a luminous miniature, like the hologram of the princess, in that movie, that the faithful robot carried in his circuits from galaxy to galaxy. The sadness inherent in any memory comes from the fact that its object is forgetting. All movement, the great horizon, the journey, is a spasm of forgetting, which bends in the bubble of memory. Memory is always portable, it is always in the hands of a wandering automaton.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|What is it that makes a seemingly rational man set out on a perilous journey knowing full well that the odds of success are quite remote and the consequences of failure are likely to be devastating? Is it pride, stubbornness, a yearning for adventure, or just a reckless disregard of reality?
Damien Rice, O|Cold,cold water,surrounds me now,and all I've got is your hand.
Friedrich Nietzsche|We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.
Wallace Stevens|The Poem That Took The Place Of A MountainThere it was, word for word, The poem that took the place of a mountain. He breathed its oxygen, Even when the book lay turned in the dust of his table. It reminded him how he had needed A place to go to in his own direction How he had recomposed the pines, Shifted the rocks and picked his way among clouds For the outlook that would be right, Where he would be complete in an unexplained completion: The exact rock where his inexactness Would discover, at last, the view toward which they had edged Where he could lie and gazing down at the sea, Recognize his unique and solitary home.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Aware of every breath, every movement, I sat in his lap. His hands gently braced my hips as I studied his face. “And now I want you to know, Rhysand, that I love you. I want you to know … ” His lips trembled, and I brushed away the tear that escaped down his cheek. “I want you to know,” I whispered, “that I am broken and healing, but every piece of my heart belongs to you. And I am honored—honored to be your mate.”His arms wrapped around me and he pressed his forehead to my shoulder, his body shaking. I stroked a hand through his silken hair.“I love you,” I said again. I hadn’t dared say the words in my head. “And I’d endure every second of it over again so I could find you. And if war comes, we’ll face it. Together. I won’t let them take me from you. And I won’t let them take you from me, either.”Rhys looked up, his face gleaming with tears. He went still as I leaned in, kissing away one tear. Then the other. As he had once kissed away mine.When my lips were wet and salty with them, I pulled back far enough to see his eyes. “You’re mine,” I breathed.
Louis B. Rosenberg|I had been involved in U.S. intelligence in Berlin, Germany, while in the military and had worked with a contact with the Central Intelligence Agency office there.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|Without the sleeping bag I'm just somebody up early in the morning, sitting under a tree. With the sleeping bag I'm nobody up early, sitting under a tree: a slight, but important difference in how I’ll be perceived.
Hunter S. Thompson|I want America to be more like America, if you will. I want the songs, that patriotism we have.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|It was true. Men could be with whomever they pleased. But women had to date better, kinder, richer, and bright, bright, bright, or else people got embarrassed.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|My loyalties will not be bound by national borders, or confined in time by one nation's history, or limited in the spiritual dimension by one language and culture. I pledge my allegiance to the damned human race, and my everlasting love to the green hills of Earth, and my intimations of glory to the singing stars, to the very end of space and time.
Jimmy Page|Parents can only do what they think is best, with the experience they have. The learning curve for every parent is that there's a limit to how much they can shield children from.
Rosa Parks|There is no nation so powerful, as the one that obeys its laws not from principals of fear or reason, but from passion.
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|We were brought up to need people. For what? For acceptance, approval, appreciation, applause - for what they call success. Those are words that do not correspond to reality. They are conventions, things that are invented, but we don't realize that they don't correspond to reality. What is success? It is what one group decided is a good thing. Another group will decide the same thing is bad.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Nay, without thought or conscious desire, might not things external to ourselves vibrate in unison with our moods and passions, atom calling to atom in secret love or strange affinity?
Dada Bhagwan|In this worldly life, one is possessed by the three ghosts of the mind, speech and the body.
Joseph Conrad, The Nigger of the Narcissus|For an ideology differs from a simple opinion in that it claims to possess either the key to history, or the solution for all the "riddles of the universe," or the intimate knowledge of the hidden universal laws which are supposed to rule nature and man. Few ideologies have won enough prominence to survive the hard competitive struggle of persuasion, and only two have come out on top and essentially defeated all others: the ideology which interprets history as an economic struggle of classes, and the other that interprets history as a natural fight of races. The appeal of both to large masses was so strong that they were able to enlist state support and establish themselves as official national doctrines. But far beyond the boundaries within which race-thinking and class-thinking have developed into obligatory patterns of thought, free public opinion has adopted them to such an extent that not only intellectuals but great masses of people will no longer accept a presentation of past or present facts that is not in agreement with either of these views.
Kristen Henderson, Drum Machine|I had always been a solitary person. Therefore I had a habit of opening my heart to a piece of paper. I thought that was quite secure. I knew that those words would never go out there, except of course if someone read them.
Jay-Z|Crunches are much more effective than regular sit-ups because they specifically target your upper abdominal muscles rather than your hip muscles. If you're not used to them, they can cause soreness a day or two later, but it's a 'cool' soreness. A badge of honor.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|I stared at her. Maybe I wasn't the brightest guy in the world when it came to girls, but I was pretty sure Rachel had just dumped me, which was lame considering we'd never even been together.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Adonais|The cemetery is an open space among the ruins, covered in winter with violets and daisies. It might make one in love with death, to think that one should be buried in so sweet a place.
Dena Rosenbloom, Life After Trauma: A Workbook for Healing|When trauma involves intentional harm, such as in a crime or abuse, trust can totally collapse.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|When you're that age, you sometimes have a great enthusiasm that is very deep and very narrow, and that is something that has always intrigued me-- that world of the eleven-year-old that is so quickly lost.
Mark     Baker, D.A.: Prosecutors in Their Own Words|The course she was on was as fixed and unalterable as the trajectory of a bullet, but you could see she did not believe that. No one in the life ever believed it. They saw a dozen, a hundred, a thousand people precede them into the trap, saw how unvarying and pitiless the end was, and with all that fresh in their minds they did the same, of their own free will.
Joanna Mazurkiewicz, Quarter to The Witching Hour|As usual when I drank too much I started talking about things I should'nt...That night Kate told me I had no brains and she was officially done with me. OK, fair enough. I already knew that I was an idiot, stepping for the third time in the same shit with the same left foot.
Rob Bell|Our tendency in the midst of suffering is to turn on God. To get angry and bitter and shake our fist at the sky and say, "God, you don't know what it's like! You don't understand! You have no idea what I'm going through. You don't have a clue how much this hurts." The cross is God's way of taking away all of our accusations, excuses, and arguments.The cross is God taking on flesh and blood and saying, "Me too.
Mya Robarts, The V Girl|Sally's head plopped into the shallow water and rolled face up. For a while, the changing shades of pinks and oranges reflected across the surface of her dead eyes.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|I have heard it said that a happy childhood is a curse, because what follows can never measure up. All I can say is, those people must want too much; they can't accept that life is a series of struggles and that happiness can be found in overcoming them, drawing strength from the reserves laid down in the good years.
Christopher Morley|When you sell a man a book you don't sell just twelve ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him a whole new life. Love and friendship and humour and ships at sea by night - there's all heaven and earth in a book, a real book.
Alexandar Tomov|If the world explore all my dark fantasy, will change for the better”.
Yann Arthus-Bertrand|Finance, like time, devours its own children.
Jerry Mander, Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television|You can render unto Caesar that which is Caesar's, but if you don't keep from Caesar that which is yours, Caesar will take some, and than take some more, and if you don't put a stop to it, though you won't lose everything - you can't lose everything; there's things he can't take, at least one or two - a time will soon come when you'll think you've lost everything, when you'll think all is Caesar's, and by then you'll be too weak to take what's yours back, too tired to remember what was yours to begin with, and you'll end up, perversely, scheming for his leavings and, even more perversely, grateful when you get them.
Jodi Picoult, Perfect Match|Life, it turns out, goes on. There is no cosmic rule that grants you immunity from the details just because you have come face-to-face with a catastrophe. The garbage can still overflow, the bills arrive in the mail, telemarketers, interrupt dinner.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|I have always thought that people are, by nature, nomadic, but they’ve built up anti-human constructs to keep them in place and then they pop pills to mask their misery and look for ways to distract from their emptiness.
Dan Gilbert|I don't see a sea change by 2020, but I see migration in the direction of modernization and more flexibility in the generating system going forward.
Alison Saunders head of the Crown Prosecution Service|Finally, another large-scale study [of false rape allegations] was conducted in Australia, with the 850 rapes reported to the Victoria police between 2000 and 2003 (Heenan & Murray, 2006). Using both quantitative and qualitative methods, the researchers examined 812 cases with sufficient information to make an appropriate determination, and found that only 2.1% of these were classified as false reports. All of these complainants were then charged or threatened with charges for filing a false police report."Lonsway, K. A., Archambault, J., & Lisak, D. (2009). False reports: Moving beyond the issue to successfully investigate and prosecute non-stranger sexual assault. The Voice, 3(1), 1-11.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|The Bible says that each person is a sinner and everyone is wicked in the sight of God. God cannot allow sin into Heaven, so we must get rid of our sin somehow. If we don’t, then we have no hope of Heaven.”Jesus is the only one who can take our sins away. The Bible says that God is not willing that any should perish but that all should come to repentance. Jesus came down from Heaven and died on the cross for our sins.
James Dashner, The Kill Order|Oh, I'm good. Seriously, after all these years, you'd think I would stop amazing myself. But here I am, still doing it.
Kapil Kumar Bhaskar, Reminiscences Of A Seeker: Dark Face Of The White World|Life is truly a matter of choices, reactions, and actions...each and every choice is governed by our reactions which in turn affect our actions and consequently the future turn of events
W. Clark Boutwell, Outland Exile|We have relinquished and abandoned and left behind and forgotten what we believed we had to relinquish, abandon and leave behind and ultimately forget; we have let ourselves go and we have gone away and we have gone under, but we have relinquished nothing and abandoned nothing and left behind nothing and forgotten nothing; we have in reality extinguished nothing whatsoever, because our parents did not inform us of or enlighten us about the fact that our life-process is in reality nothing but a process of illness. We were up above, in the company of our parents, locked up in our walls and in our rooms and in our books and papers and everything around us and in us was nothing but lethal and we are down below, without our parents, again locked up in these walls and in our rooms and in our books and papers and everything around us and in us is nothing but lethal.
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|Individual identities and national destines were shaped by the tripod of history, geography, and philosophy.
Melanie Kay Taylor|If I could describe myself, I'd say that I am a poetic gerd. (A geek and nerd combo) I love Shakespeare and romance, but sci-fi and action have a big slice of my heart. When I meet a man who can quote some Hitchcock out of thin air, do a perfect ''Timey Whimey'' impression, play me some classic rock when I'm sad and can give a 'Gone with the Wind' kiss, I will have my soul mate.
Julianne Donaldson, Edenbrooke|She looks after him, feeling a wave of longing, loneliness. Not sexual particularly but to do with the nature of cities, the thousands of strangers you pass in a day, probably never to see again.
José Ortega y Gasset, La Idea De Principio En Leibniz Y La Evolución De La Teoría Deductiva|So it happens that we must ask ourselves, with regard to truth, not for a new criterion for it, which will be better polished than earlier ones, but, peremptorily and seizing it by the lapels, "what is truth as such," and with regard to reality, not what things are or what and how is that which is, but for what reason that X which we call Being is in the Universe, and with regard to knowledge we must not ask for its bases and limits—as Plato, Aristotle Descartes, Kant did—but for something which comes before all this: for what reason we concern ourselves with trying to know.
Garry Wills, Bomb Power: The Modern Presidency and the National Security State|Having a passive personality, is a soft way to live a dead life.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|Beauty is something wonderful and strange that the artist fashions out of the chaos of the world in the torment of his soul. And when he has made it, it is not given to all to know it. To recognize it you must repeat the adventure of the artist. It is a melody that he sings to you, and to hear it again in your own heart you want knowledge and sensitiveness and imagination.
Leigh Bardugo, Summer Days and Summer Nights: Twelve Love Stories|I'm not a mess but a deeply feeling person in a messy world. I explain that now, when someone asks me why I cry so often, I say, 'For the same reason I laugh so often--because I'm paying attention.' I tell them that we can choose to be perfect and admired or to be real and loved. We must decide.
H.E. Bates, Seven by Five|Understand now, I'm purely a fiction writer and do not profess to be an earnest student of political science, but I believe strongly that such a law as one prohibiting liquor is foolish.
David Rea|To understand how to be healthy, a person must first comprehend sickness, disease and death.
C. JoyBell C.|Choose your battles wisely. After all, life isn't measured by how many times you stood up to fight. It's not winning battles that makes you happy, but it's how many times you turned away and chose to look into a better direction. Life is too short to spend it on warring. Fight only the most, most, most important ones, let the rest go.
Thrity Umrigar|You’ve remained on the battleground, center stage, experiencing life and, what’s more important, experiencing yourself experiencing it. You haven't been reduced to a logistical strategy for somebody else's life-war.
Danabelle Gutierrez, I Long To Be The River|And perhaps, I'm a Tuesday night and you're a Wednesday morning the way we'll never even notice how we blend into each other.
James Madison|What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.
W. Bruce Cameron|I sometimes say that I don't make anything up - obviously that's not true. But I am uninterested in writers who say that everything comes out of the imagination. I would rather be in a room with someone who is telling the story of his life, which may be exaggerated and even have lies in it, but I want to hear the true story, essentially.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|A funny person is funny only for so long, but a wit can sit down and go on being spellbinding forever. One is not meant to laugh. One stays quiet and marvels. Spontaneously witty talk is without question the most fascinating entertainment there is.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Without an imagination we would be irreparably shackled to what is, and never be released to what could be.
Bill Watterson|Until you stalk and overrun, you cannot devour anyone.-Hobbes
Eoin Colfer, Half Moon Investigations|Doobie always wanted to see the badge. It was shiny, and he was eight.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What have you done for science today? Stop doing things for God! He doesn't need anything. Do something for science, for God's sake!
John Keats|Wherein lies happiness? In that which becksOur ready minds to fellowship divine,A fellowship with essence; till we shine,Full alchemiz’d, and free of space. BeholdThe clear religion of heaven!
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|Life is wonderful. It's a gift to be alive, to see the sun and breathe the air. And there isn't really anything else.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If you want to completely destroy a child, all you have to do is mold them into your vision of what you want them to be. If you want to completely liberate a child, all you have to do is grow them into the person they were created to be. The former cannot see God in the child. The latter can see nothing less.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No church is perfect, but don’t let that discourage you. Someone has said that if you ever find one that is, it will stop being perfect the minute you join!
Herman Melville|Nature is the ultimate technology; a technology we are still too immature, arrogant, possessive and careless to care for responsibly.
CC Sabathia|At Tencent, we may be businessmen, but we are still chasing our IT, our science. We are still striving to create something really cool, trying to create things we couldn't even imagine without our new technologies. I am still clinging to this enthusiasm.
Serena Grey, Awakening|If you lie there much longer, I’ll be tempted to tie you to the table legs and try buttering your ass instead of the toast.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|Whose team are you on?” I ask him.   “I don’t follow you – what do you mean whose team am I on?” he asks.   “I mean, you want your son back and there are forces in this world that want to take him from you. There is a battle going on. Sides have been taken, John’s team is his family and the other team is everything that you don’t want for your son. Walking away is the exact thing that the other side wants. Instead of walking away, you need to fight.”   I add: “Treat a man as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat a man as he could be and he will become what he should be.
Ravi Ranjan, My Experience with 498A: Are all marriages made in heaven?|Faith is wonderful for when you understand it's meaning, it understands you and it takes you where you are destined to be. A rare phenomenon for we keep losing it before it extends its reach but if you have faith in the word, you don't follow it, faith follows you. I have seen it happen and I can vouch for it. #MyExperiencewith498A
Cherie Kephart, A Few Minor Adjustments: A Memoir of Healing|You know you're having a bad week when you call 911, the paramedics come to your house, and one of them notices you've rearranged your furniture.
Martina Hingis|When I see a good singer, I get teary-eyed. Part of it is jealousy because all comedians are frustrated rock stars. That's a fact.
Debasish Mridha|When superstitions infect you, it controls your mind.
R.A.Delmonico|While you were asleep, the world changed. The possibilities that live in dreams require the actions of the awoken. The possibilities are tied to agendas. The balancing force between greed and love is not stable, it is fractal. Rogue waves exist and just because you haven't seen one does not entitle you to remain ignorant.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Learn to keep close to [Jesus], to listen to His voice, and follow Him.
Helena Christensen|The gifts of lovers to one another are, in respect to love, nothing but forms; yet, they testify to invisible love.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|Seventy-five percent of the time when I'm ordering my "almond milk matcha latte with no sugar added, lukewarm, please," I'll be recognized by an employee. And yes, my order is a pin in the ass, but I'm determined to enjoy the liquid indulgences of modern life. Might as well take advantage of it all before the zombie apocalypse. I have no practical skills; I'm fully aware that I'll be one of the first ones "turned." Instead of learning motorcycle repair or something else disaster-scenario useful, I'll order the drink I want until I become a shambling corpse.AND I WON'T BE DEFENSIVE ABOUT IT, OKAY?
George Orwell, Why I Write|It is a confession of the weakness of our own faith in the righteousness of our cause when we attempt to suppress by law those who do not agree with us."Alfred E. Smith, governor of New York after WWI
George Gordon Byron|There is a pleasure in the pathless woods,There is a rapture on the lonely shore,There is society, where none intrudes,By the deep sea, and music in its roar:I love not man the less, but Nature more
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Brian Christian, The Most Human Human: What Talking with Computers Teaches Us About What It Means to Be Alive|he would now have comprehended that work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do, and that play consists of whaterver a body is not obliged to do. And this would help him to understand why construcing artificial flowers or performing on a tread-mill, is work, whilst rolling nine-pins or climbing Mont Blanc is only amusement. There are wealthy gentlemen in England who drive four-horse passenger-coaches twenty or thirty miles on a daily line, in the summer, because the privilege costs them considerable money; but if they were offered wages for the service that would turn it into work, then they would resign.
Amit Kalantri|Be a true traveller, don't be a temporary tourist.
Rae Carson, Walk on Earth a Stranger|Every place there's people, there's badness.
Abhijit Naskar|Every true scientist is a philosopher, but not every philosopher is a scientist.
Samuel Crone, Teen Idle|If you put enough closets together, you have enough space for a room. If you put enough rooms together, you have enough room for a house. If you put enough houses together, you have space for a town, then a city, then a nation, then a world.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|Those who’ve left their bootprints in the trenches are those who value human life most. They get unwanted glimpses into the savage nature we really have underneath all the expensive clothes and moisturized skin. This of course, rules out the politicians, feminists, and liberals who are far too cozy hiding behind their daddies’ wallets and sophomoric mentalities as those who feign having tasted the true consequence of a single blood-drop darkening the sand.
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Love You?|Dark haired guys are so, so much better.
Ken Liu, Mono no Aware|We are not defined by our individual loneliness, but by the web of relationships in which we’re enmeshed.
Mary Neville|One day I might feel Mean,And squinched up inside,Like a mouth sucking on a Lemon.The next day I couldFeelWhole and happyAnd right,Like an unbitten apple.
Dada Bhagwan|Unless there is a ‘clear evident experience of the True Self’ [spasthvedan], till then ‘Principle’ cannot be attained.
Douglas Wilson, The Case for Classical Christian Education|The ground for the necessity of Christian schools lies in this very thing, that no fact can be known unless it be known in its relationship to God. And once this point is clearly seen, the doubt as to the value of teaching arithmetic in Christian schools falls out of the picture. Of course arithmetic must be taught in a Christian school. It cannot be taught anywhere else.
Michel Foucault|Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life.
Richard de Bury|[A]ll who are smitten with the love of books think cheaply of the world and wealth; as Jerome says to Vigilantius: The same man cannot love both gold and books... The hideousness of vice is greatly reprobated in books, so that he who loves to commune with books is lead to detest all manner of vice. The demon, who derives his name from knowledge, is most effectually defeated by the knowledge of books, and through books his multitudinous deceits and the endless labyrinths of his guile are laid bare to those who read...
Joseph Weizenbaum, Computer Power and Human Reason: From Judgment to Calculation|As our country increasingly relies on electronic information storage and communication, it is imperative that our Government amend our information security laws accordingly
Bill Frisell|If anyone asks you what kind of music you play, tell him 'pop.' Don't tell him 'rock'n'roll' or they won't even let you in the hotel.
Kevin Focke|Progress is hard, achievements are easy, and giving up is easier still.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Arise, my friend – the world is wailing for kindness – it is wailing for compassion – it is wailing for love.
Renu Persaud PhD|The greatest form of betrayal is self-betrayal."-Dr Renu S Persaud
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Brian is a deeply compassionate man who was sad to learn that his work colleague, Tom, had lost his 17-year-old daughter to a drug overdose. When Tom returned to work weeks later, Brian approached him and said, “Man, I am so sorry. There are no words to express my condolences.“Brian reached out to hug Tom. At first, he was rigid and on guard, but with Brian’s genuine embrace, he felt Tom release into his safety. Tom had been so incredibly strong for his wife and family that Brian’s powerful hug allowed him to surrender into another man’s strength. It was a memorable and powerful step towards healing. Sometimes a hug at the right time, even if spontaneous, can be the kindest thing you can do for another human being.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|I said, "Where's all that delivering God's supposed to do?"He snorted. "You're right, the only deliverance is the one we get for ourselves. The Lord doesn't have any hands and feet but ours.""That doesn't say much for the Lord.""It doesn't say much for us, either.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Life's journey is peppered with many bumps and pitfalls. If we make mountains out of each one, we will get nowhere.
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|There is a string that connects us that is not visible to the eye. Maybe every person has more than one soul they are connected to, and all over the world there are these invisible strings. Maybe the chances that you'll find each and every one of your soulmates is slim. But sometimes you're lucky enough to stumble across one. And you feel a tug. And it's not so much a choice to love them through their flaws and through your differences, but rather you love them without even trying. You love their flaws.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|The worst thing that could possibly happen to anybody would be to not be used for anything by anybody. Thank you for using me, even though I didn't want to be used by anybody.
Auliq Ice|Working hard and succeeding will make you feel valuable and important - thus the cornerstones of a confident personality is you, yourself.
George Grey|Racing is a great mania to which one must sacrifice everything, without reticence, without hesitation.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|I can give you two words," I tell him. "The second is off. Can you guess the first?
Ellen DeGeneres|Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because you're on the front lines.
Diane von Furstenberg|I want a chainsaw very badly, because I think cutting down a tree would be unbelievably satisfying. I have asked for a chainsaw for my birthday, but I think I'll probably be given jewelry instead.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|The capacity for suffering – or more strictly, for suffering and/or enjoyment or happiness – is not just another characteristic like the capacity for language or for higher mathematics. Bentham is not saying that those who try to mark ‘the insuperable line’ that determines whether the interests of a being should be considered happen to have selected the wrong characteristic. The capacity for suffering and enjoying things is a prerequisite for having interests at all, a condition that must be satisfied before we can speak of interests in any meaningful way. It would be nonsense to say that it was not in the interests of a stone to be kicked along the road by a child. A stone does not have interests because it cannot suffer. Nothing that we can do to it could possibly make any difference to its welfare. A mouse, on the other hand, does have an interest in not being tormented, because mice will suffer if they are treated in this way.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.
Sanober  Khan|my dear, I have nothing to say.my heart burns like the evening sky.
Alec J. Ross, The Industries of the Future|When leaders wonder what they can do to position their societies for the industries of the future, they need to open up and resist control-freak tendencies. The 21st century is a terrible time to be a control freak; future grown depends on empowering people.
Emily Thorne|Some say that to believe in destiny is to dismiss the role of free will. That self-determination cannot prevail in the presence of fate. When the truth is, the only part of destiny we can control is the fate we choose for another.
Lionel Suggs|The doctrine of "exit strategy" fundamentally misunderstands the nature of war and, more generally, the nature of historical action. for the knowledge of the end is not given to us at the beginning.
Brooke Templar, The Frenchman|Crack, crack—crack, crack—crack, crack—so this is Paris! quoth I (continuing in the same mood)—and this is Paris!—humph!—Paris! cried I, repeating the name the third time— The first, the finest, the most brilliant— —The streets however are nasty; But it looks, I suppose, better than it smells—crack, crack—crack, crack—
Neve McIntosh|The medical nanobots in my novel 'Small Miracles' tap the energy sources that the patient's own body provides. That is, they can metabolize glycerol and glucose, just as the cells in our bodies do.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[There are] seven gifts God gives you when you commit your life to Christ: a new relationship, a new citizenship, a new family, a new purpose, a new power, a new destiny, and a new journey.
D.R. Silva|One gives way to the temptation, only to rise from it again, afterwards, with a great eagerness to reestablish one's dignity, as if it were a tombstone to place on the grave of one's shame, and a monument to hide and sign the memory of our weaknesses. Everybody's in the same case. Some folks haven't the courage to say certain things, that's all!THE STEP-DAUGHTER: All appear to have the courage to do them though.
Vivek Thangaswamy|When everything seems worse, impossible to achieve, thinking about giving up, quitting? Remember why started first? Trust yourself, tap yourself and say if you cannot make it, no one is going to. Look back, the whole team believes in you, go for it and be a CHAMPION.
Chloe Neill, Wild Things|There are those amongst us who have erred, deeply and significantly. Who have wounded the world and broken themselves. The worst of them lose themselves in their errors. The best of them crawl back, one foot at a time, and seek to amend their breaches. That is the way of the brave. -Gabriel Keene, Pack Apex, pp. 37
Nema Al-Araby|It's just hard now because... you're jealous. But your heart is so generous and warm, it will melt the bad feelings away." I am 100 percent positive that my mom is the wisest mother in the world.
Osho, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|Meaning comes from the unknown, from the stranger, from the unpredictable that suddenly knocks at your door — a flower that suddenly blooms and you never expected it; a friend that suddenly happens to be on the street you were not waiting for; a love that blooms suddenly and you were not even aware that this was going to happen, you had not even imagined, not even dreamed. Then life has meaning. Then life has a dance. Then every step is happy because it is not a step filled with duty, it is a step moving into the unknown. The river is going towards the sea.
Jarrid Wilson|Jesus is for life, not just for Easter.
Scott Stabile|I look around and see so much fear, people getting more and more comfortable with their hate, more at ease being mean, more united in their separation. And I think, NO. Not me. I will not get lost in this fearful world. I will not play with bullies. I will continue to be brave and kind. I will speak for real unity. And no matter what, I will never stop loving.
Havelock Ellis|I very much dislike the intolerance and moralism of many Christians, and feel more sympathy with Honest Doubters than with them.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|Must I observe you? Must I stand & crouchUnder your testy humour? By the gods, You shall digest the venom ofyour spleen,Though it do split you, for, from thisday forth, I'll use you for my mirth, yea,for my laughter, when you are waspish.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Frank Ocean|With just one polka dot, nothing can be achieved. In the universe, there is the sun, the moon, the earth, and hundreds of millions of stars. All of us live in the unfathomable mystery and infinitude of the universe. Pursuing 'philosophy of the universe' through art under such circumstances has led me to what I call 'stereotypical repetition.'
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|Do you remember what we were speaking of earlier, of how bloody, terrible things are sometimes the most beautiful?” he said. “It’s a very Greek idea, and a very profound one. Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it. And what could be more terrifying and beautiful, to souls like the Greeks or our own, than to lose control completely? To throw off the chains of being for an instant, to shatter the accident of our mortal selves? Euripides speaks of the Maenads: head thrown back, throat to the stars, ‘more like deer than human being.’ To be absolutely free! One is quite capable, of course, of working out these destructive passions in more vulgar and less efficient ways. But how glorious to release them in a single burst! To sing, to scream, to dance barefoot in the woods in the dead of night, with no more awareness of mortality than an animal! These are powerful mysteries. The bellowing of bulls. Springs of honey bubbling from the ground. If we are strong enough in our souls we can rip away the veil and look that naked, terrible beauty right in the face; let God consume us, devour us, unstring our bones. Then spit us out reborn.
Nikki Rowe|To heal our world we must be silent; willing to listen to the roars of the wounded. We must teach eachother how to feel, only than can an entire nation grow in peace, as the war within will slowly diminish.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|But after years of teaching, we have decided that a lot of mothers just aren't reading textbooks.
Ava|everyone is in a hurry and things are always disappearing, and i am always left standing here--alone, waiting for the things that stay.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be an effective time user, you must make sure you are spending your time on only what is important.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|A woman is always beutiful to the one who has fallen in love with her, nothing can dampen her image before his eyes.
Isobelle Carmody, Greylands|Teeth aren't pearly, until you smile.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Long Winter|In fact, if you are faced with the prospect of running across an open field in which lightning bolts are going to be a problem, you are much better off if their timing and location are determined by something, since then they may be predictable by you, and hence avoidable. Determinism is the friend, not the foe, of those who dislike inevitability.
Elizabeth Payson Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|But the culture has failed, almost entirely, in inculcating internal controls on actions that have their origin in authority. For this reason, the latter constitutes a far greater danger to human survival.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|We all have our own road to walk. Whether rocky, curving, straight or smooth, what good is a lonely road? It’s when we run and intersect with other roads that defines our road. When road meets road do we get direction, and choices to cross into another life.
Elaine Scarry|How one walks through the world, the endless small adjustments of balance, is affected by the shifting weights of beautiful things.
Edith Pattou, East|Perhaps it is better to be a machine that does its duty than a flesh-and-blood person who will not, for a dead truth is better than a live falsehood.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|As for fairy tales, he understood that they were reflections of the people who had spun them, and were flecked with little truths - intrusions of reality into fantasy, like toast crumbs on a wizard's beard.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|There's a time in every Christian's life that can only be described as a period of walking through a thirsty and dry desert. This is where God teaches every believer the need for faith. God has to strip away every emotion, every feeling, and every physical thing that makes you comfortable serving Him. His voice grows quiet, His Presence lonely, His ear seems deaf, and it will do either one of two things: It will either make you find a comfortable rock and wait for God to show up, or it will create such a hunger and thirst after Him, just Him, that you abandon all the "things" of Christ for Christ alone.
Alexandra Maria Lara|Some mischievous people always there. Last several thousand years, always there. In future, also.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Earth is crammed with heaven, and every bush is aflame with the glory of God. But only those who see take of their shoes; the rest just pick the berries.
Gwenn Wright, Filter|Kevin looks at me and I know he isn’t seeing the little girl I use to be, all pigtails and gangly limbs. He isn’t seeing my mother’s daughter or even my mother anymore. As his eyes linger over me, stopping here and there in the most uncomfortable places, I know he isn’t really even seeing me as I am. The bloodshot eyes staring out of the alcohol-flushed face are seeing a girl, nearly of age, who owes him a tremendous debt of gratitude.--Rocky Evans
A. Cretan|Every man has his fault, and honesty is his.- Lucullus (Act III, scene 1)
Robert  Black|Life must be terrible for working people, considering they spend every Friday night celebrating a two day break from it.
Will Smith|Once you get the kids raised and the mortgage paid off and accomplish what you wanted to do in life, there's a great feeling of: 'Hey, I'm free as a bird.'
Alice Walker|Poetry, even when apparently most fantastic, is always a revolt against artifice, a revolt, in a sense, against actuality.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|The most important influence is all our lives are love. If we're never taught to love, then showing and accepting love becomes difficult.
Leo Tolstoy|When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.
Louise Glück, The Seven Ages|Desire, loneliness, wind in the flowering almond—surely these are the great, the inexhaustible subjectsto which my predecessors apprenticed themselves.I hear them echo in my own heart, disguised as convention.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Yes, but none of them can steal my ship.None of them are smart enough to know that it was the right thing to do at the time.
Lynn Steward, A Very Good Life|Dana’s window? More like her snow globe, Janice thought. She pictured Dana standing in a tiny glass-enclosed world, snow gently falling around her. Her world could be shaken but never broken. She was far too insulated.
Jason Barger|people will forget what you said, people will forget what you do, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Stephen King|I hate the assumption that you can't write about something because you haven't experienced it, and not just because it assumes a limit on the human imagination, which is basically limitless. It also suggests that some leaps of identification are impossible. I refuse to accept that, because it leads to the conclusion that real change is beyond us, and so is empathy.
Roger Ebert|Truly, Mallow yearned to know everything. Curiosity was part of her, like her short blond hair and bitten fingernails.
Ferdinand de Saussure|Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening.
Orrin Woodward|Whether you buy a new TV, or car, (etc.) or any other “material” thing is often “immaterial” to God.
Max Cannon|Much of the misgiving that Muslims feel for the West stems from our strong emphasis on freedom, always a risky enterprise. I've heard some say they would rather rear their children in a closely guarded Islamic society than in the United States, where freedom so often leads to decadence.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|But just because you bury something, that doesn’t mean it stops existing.
Moby|I met Elijah Wood once, I met Peter Jackson, I met Orlando Bloom, and they're all really cool.
Danielle Evans, Before You Suffocate Your Own Fool Self|When I was very little, my mother used to say there was something of my grandmother in me, in how I tell stories the way I need them to be and not the way they actually happened.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|Every good poem asks a question, and every good poet asks every question.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|Letting myself fall wasn't easy. It wasn't hard either. It was a calling that I had to honour. I did honour. I took a plunge into my dark abyss. I faced my grief, my fear, my sadness, my loneliness, my anguish, myself. (Page 78)
Georg C. Lichtenberg|History, whether sacred or profane, hides her teaching from those who study her through coloured glasses. She only reveals truth to those who look through the cold clear medium of passionless inquiry, who seek the Truth without determining first the masquerade in which alone they will receive it.
Lily Tomlin|I will say this about the truth - that it's one of those crisis rules, whether you are a client or someone who's living their life just every day - is that the truth has a funny way of not going away, and telling the truth is extremely important in dealing with any problem or crisis.
Angela Carter|Child, if such folks awe you, then picture them on the lavatory, straining, constipated. They will at once seem small, pathetic, manageable." And she whispered to me a great, universal truth: "THE BOWELS ARE GREAT LEVELLERS.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|Garp didn't want a daughter because of men. Because of bad men, certainly; but even, he thought, because of men like me.
Henry James, Pandora|Before he went away, he had heard all about the self-made girl, and there was something in the picture that strongly impressed him. She was possible doutbless only in America; American life had smoothed the way for her. She was not fast, nor emancipated, nor crude, nor loud, and there wasn’t in her, of necessity at least, a grain of the stuff of which the adventuress is made.She was simply very successful, and her success was entirely personal. She hadn’t been born with the silver spoon of social opportunity, she had grasped it by honest exertion. You knew her by many different signs, but chiefly, infallibly, by the appearance of her parents. It was her parents who told her story; you always saw how little her parents could have made her. Her attitude with regard to them might vary in different ways. As the great fact on her own side was that she had lifted herself from a lower social plane, done it all herself, and done it by the simple lever of her personality, it was naturally to be expected that she would leave the authors of her mere material being in the shade.(…)But the general characteristic of the self-made girl was that, though it was frequently understood that she was privately devoted to her kindred, she never attempted to impose them on society, and it was striking that, though in some of her manifestations a bore, she was at her worst less of a bore than they. They were almost always solemn and portentous, and they were for the most part of a deathly respectability. She wasn’t necessarily snobbish, unless it was snobbish to want the best. She didn’t cringe, she didn’t make herself smaller than she was, she took on the contrary a stand of her own and attracted things to herself.Naturally she was possible only in America, only in a country where whole ranges of competition and comparison were absent.
Jon Ronson, Lost At Sea: The Jon Ronson Mysteries|It is so hard to talk with John about my case, because he is so wise, and because he loves me so.
Barack Obama|I would be delighted if the United States could have a positive relationship with Russia, and I would be thrilled if the Russian people, who are so capable, had a normal country that they could chart a different future.
Tom Robbins, Villa Incognito|After the monkeys came down from the trees and learned to hurl sharp objects, they had had to move into caves for protection--not only from the big predatory cats but, as they began to lose their monkey fur, from the elements. Eventually, they started transposing their hunting fantasies onto cave walls in the form of pictures, first as an attempt at practical magic and later for the strange, unexpected pleasure they discovered in artistic creation. Time passed. Art came off the walls and turned into ritual. Ritual became religion. Religion spawned science. Science led to big business. And big business, if it continues on its present mindless, voracious trajectory, could land those of us lucky enough to survive its ultimate legacy back into caves again.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|In this age, the mere example of non-conformity, the mere refusal to bend the knee to custom, is itself a service. Precisely because the tyranny of opinion is such as to make eccentricity a reproach, it is desirable, in order to break through that tyranny, that people should be eccentric. Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character has abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage which it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric, marks the chief danger of the time.
Akiroq Brost|Coaching is the universal to connect with people, helping them to develop a new perspective, while expanding their inner beliefs and boundaries, equipping them to become the best version of themselves.
Daniel St. Clair, The Primal Contradiction: My Escape From the Pitfall of Self-Delusion|When we invoke stillness within our consciousness, we have the power to recover the child we forgot that we once were.
Jakob Bohme|When I talk about God, I'm not necessarily talking about religion. To me, God is the energy and light that each of us carries.
Don Ameche|Until women themselves reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat them, they have no hope of achieving full human stature.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I’d love to be tried out,’ I said, with a suggestive smile. ‘One should always explore something, before one goes in deeper.’I saw a little flicker of fun in his eyes.
Kevin O'Leary|If business doesn't thrive, it hurts America. We need improved relations, more collaboration, more thought and more consistency as we go about trying to make sure we have the best country in the world. Not scapegoating and finger-pointing.
Ian Lamont|You could have done something with newspapers. We didn't do it. No nation did, because we were all too silly. We liked our newspapers with pictures of beach girls and headlines about cases of indecent assault, and no Government was wise enough to stop us having them that way. But something might have been done with newspapers, if we'd been wise enough.
Robert Cormier|The beautiful part of writing is that you don't have to get it right the first time, unlike, say, a brain surgeon.
Trishna Damodar|You have to be strong enough to stand up for what you believe, even if you are standing alone.
M.L. Stedman|It is so much less exhausting. You only have to forgive once. To resent, you have to do it all day, every day. You have to keep remembering all the bad things ... I would have to make a list, a very, very long list and make sure I hated the people on it the right amount ... No ... we always have a choice. All of us.
Dana Goodyear|Christmas is, of course, the time to be home - in heart as well as body.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Mirrors,' she said, 'are never to be trusted.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens|I am a Smedry, and we do ridiculous, unexpected, eccentric things like this all the time! Ha-ha!
Auliq Ice|The more you practice the better you'll be, the harder you train the great in you they'll see.
Oprah Winfrey|Difficulties come when you don't pay attention to life's whisper. Life always whispers to you first, but if you ignore the whisper, sooner or later you'll get a scream
E.M. Forster, Howards End|…But so few of us think clearly about our own private incomes, and admit that independent thoughts are in nine cases out of ten the result of independent means.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|When you are passionate about something, it shows. There is no point doing something that does not make you feel happy just to earn money. If you hate what you are doing, you are then just wasting your life.
Landon Donovan|Sports play a very important role in consolidating the national strength, adding lustre to the country's prestige and honour, inspiring people with national dignity and pride, and imbuing the whole society with revolutionary mettle.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|The Death Eaters can't all be pure-blood, there aren't enough pure-blood wizards left," said Hermione stubbornly. "I expect most of them are half-bloods pretending to be pure. It's only Muggle-borns they hate, they'd be quite happy to let you and Ron join up" "There is no way they'd let me be a Death Eater!" said Ron indignantly...."My whole family are blood traitors! That's as bad as Muggle-borns to Death Eaters!" "And they'd love to have me," said Harry sarcastically. "We'd be best pals if they didn't keep trying to do me in.
Lyssa Danehy deHart|Every Moment Offers Us ChoicesChoose wiselyBecause the Choices You Make, Make You
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|To torment and tantalize oneself with hopes of possible fortune is so sweet, so thrilling!
Nicole Scherzinger|Our minds are like our stomaches; they are whetted by the change of their food, and variety supplies both with fresh appetite.
Jeffery Deaver, Roadside Crosses|She believed not in divine salvation but in the proposition that we poor mortals are fully capable of saving ourselves, if conditions and inclinations are right, and the evidence of this potential is found in the smallest of gestures, like the uncertain resting of a large hand on a bony shoulder.
Dan Wells, Fragments|Don’t hate your enemies, they don’t even deserve it.
Nita Ambani|We tell our triumphs to the crowds, but our own hearts are the sole confidants of our sorrows.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is not compassionate towards victims. The trick is not to see yourself as one. It's never too late! I know I've felt like the victim in various situations in my life, but, it's never too late for me to realize that it's my responsibility to stand on victorious ground and know that whatever it is I'm experiencing or going through, those are just the clouds rolling by while I stand here on the top of this mountain! This mountain called Victory! The clouds will come and the clouds will go, but the truth is that I'm high up here on this mountaintop that reaches into the sky! I am a victor. I didn't climb up the mountain, I was born on top of it!
Prerna Sharma|I brought you here to tell you this: sometimes what we are searching for does not exist. We may sacrifice for it, even bleed for it, but it was never meant to be ours.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Apologetics=faith is weak, lets defend it
Stephen King, The Stand|If you are prepared,” he told his players, “you will be confident, and will do the job.
Mary Douglas|I went to a girls' school, and it was awful. The combination of my teenage anger and their jealousy meant I was always getting into fights. There was a lot of pulling of hair and scratching of faces and rolling around on the floor.
Jaroslav Kalfar, Spaceman of Bohemia|We know that the world operates on a whim, a system of coincidences. There are two basic coping mechanisms. One consists of dreading the chaos, fighting it and abusing oneself after lost, building a structured life ... in which every decision is a reaction against the fear of the worst ... This is the life that cannot be won, but it does offer the comfort of battle - the human heart is content when distracted by war. The second mechanism is an across-the-board acceptance of the absurd all around us ... This is the way to survive in this world, to walk up in the morning ... and exclaim, 'How unlikely! Yet here we are,' and have a laugh, and swim in the chaos, swim without fear, swim without expectation but always with an appreciation of every whim, the beauty of screwball twists and jerk that pump blood through our emaciated veins.
Emmanuel Carrère|Generally speaking, though, Americans have an inability to relax into sheer pleasure. Ours is an entertainment-seeking nation, but not necessarily a pleasure-seeking one.
Latika Teotia|By holding on to God at all times, we can remain calm and enjoy peace in us even in the middle of our storms.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I am not the best, I am not one of the best, but every time I will try my best.
Nenia Campbell, Locked and Loaded|You think I'm gorgeous?”“When I look at you, all I can think about are the the different ways I'd like to fuck you.”“So that's a yes then?” she said shyly.“No, darlin. It's an I-hope-you-weren't-planning-on-sleeping-alone-tonight.
Robert Tew|When all is lost, but life, really nothing is lost.
Victor Manan Nyambala|Trust your instincts above all else. They are byproducts of natural laws and do not sway to your whims, worries and wonders.
Prakhar Srivastav|There is an unequivocal question in every layer of a dawn's beautiful rise that asks: "What are you going to do with this one glorious day?
Annie Lennox|If you believe, like I do, that the world is abundant with possibilities, then we need to make sure we build capacity so that everybody is successful or can be successful in the pursuit of their dreams - not the dreams of someone from government, but their own dreams.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|Because time is a drop in the ocean, and you cannot measure off one drop against another to see which one is bigger, which one is smaller.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Most of us felt that taking control of our neighborhoods was the first step toward liberation...First, we would take control of the schools; then we would take control of the hospitals; then we would take control of the colleges, the housing, etc., etc. We would have community controlled employment, welfare centers, and city, state, and federal agencies.'Hold on for a minute,' somebody said. 'Where are y'all gonna get the money to run all that stuff?''We'll take community control of the banks,' someone answered.'You'd better take community control of the army, too, because those banks aren't gonna just let you take their money lying down."'We'll take control of the political institutions in our community. Then we'll take control of the congressional seats, the senate seats, the city council seats, the mayor's office, and every other office you can take control of. We'll take control of the political offices so we can allocate money to the people who need it.''Y'all just wishing and hoping,' someone said. 'You can control the social institutions and the political institutions, but unless you control the economic and military institutions, you can only go so far.
Steven Poore, Things in the Dark|This is the twilight shift, dear. Neither here nor there. But if you go into the dark, there'll be no turning back. Stay out of the office and you'll be happy. Trust me.
P. G. Wodehouse|Although modesty is natural to man, it is not natural to children. Modesty only begins with the knowledge of evil.
René Descartes, Discourse on Method|Fuck the ones who hurt you Stop thinking about them, Get on with your own lifeThey'll eventually come back with apologies And you'll gladly accept them; as you keep growing with your life.
Nicolenya Caltman|I wasn't in love with Aidan's wife but I am in love with the idea of caring about someone like that, so you’d alter the pattern of your life and become a better person. ... I want to find someone who will travel this path with me, so that we can discover hidden places together and make each other happy.
Quinn Loftis|The alien in my uncle hand obviously taken full control. Soon, it would claw its way out of his stomach and tap dance across my bed
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Who doesn't enjoy a little gardening? As we plant the seeds and remove the weeds we reap a wonderful harvest of blessings. What are the weeds? Anyone or anything that sucks the nutrients from the seeds we have planted. The seeds are our goals, desires, good thoughts and feelings. good works and deeds anything that uplifts us. If we don't keep up on our weeding then our garden will die.
W.H. Auden, Collected Poems|The concept of portraying evil and then destroying it - I know this is considered mainstream, but I think it is rotten. This idea that whenever something evil happens someone particular can be blamed and punished for it, in life and in politics is hopeless.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|Instead of focusing on isolated objects and events, we can expand our fixed perspective and allow the deeper process (often taking the form of a mythic narrative of some sort) that is animating events to reveal itself. Instead of superimposing our limiting ideas and beliefs onto the waking dream, we can allow life to show its dreamlike nature to us.
Neil Gaiman|I did an about-face and veered into the sandwich shop. What I ordered is none of your business, but it was really good.
Zsigmond Móricz|Service for one another, service for mankind,
Tim Roth|Boys have said in the past that I live my life like a movie. I love all things romantic, like kissing in the rain.
Oddný Eir, Land of Love and Ruins|Oversimplifying is the first grave mistake we make when confronted by complexity; overconfidence is the second. And there is a third: based on our overconfidence in our oversimplified conclusions, we overreact.
Roger Zelazny, The Guns of Avalon|I was not always that way, but perhaps the shadow Earth, where I spent so many years, mellowed me a bit, and maybe my hitch in the dungeons of Amber reminded me somewhat of the quality of human suffering. I do not know. I only know that I could not pass by the hurt I saw on the form of someone much like someone who had once been a friend.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Be inspired; you have seen another day! Smile; you have another chance! Take a step; you can do it again! Move; you can't continue like this! Do something for that is all life is about! Impact makers take steps. Impact makers face challenges. Impact makers overcome challenges. Each day is a new day to have a different view of the real purpose why we live. Each day is another chance to take a step towards a great end. Each day is another day to choose courage or fear! Each day is another moment of time to dare tactically or to do anything! When you wake up, do something! Smile, you have seen another day! Be happy and make each day count!
Alan Moore, Promethea, Vol. 5|The only reality we can ever truly know is that of our perceptions, our own consciousness, while that consciousness, and thus our entire reality, is made of nothing but signs and symbols. Nothing but language.Even God requires language before conceiving the Universe. See Genesis: “In the beginning was the Word.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|You just seem so sad,” I said, dialing voice mail. “Like someone stole your favorite nine millimeter.”“I’m not sad.” He started down the hall, then turned back. “Least not when I look at you.”.
David Miliband|I had a Hebraic wedding in New York, so I'm definitely Jewish.
Kenneth Grahame, The Golden Age|You may say, But wasn't this the Sixties? Yes, but only for some people, only in certain parts of the country.
Doug McAdam, Freedom Summer|Though it was mid-July, the morning was brisk, the sky a gray cotton of clouds, and Puget Sound a steely, cold blue. Most of Seattle grumbled, worn with winterish weather, impatient for the elusive summer sun. With umbrellas tucked away in the trunks of cars, sunglasses lost and separated from their original purchasers, the Pacific Northwest was a bastion of misty air and pale, complaining residents.
William Lyon Phelps|Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good company, good conversation, are the happiest people in the world.
C.S. Pacat, Kings Rising|I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,
Nikos Kazantzakis|We have to confront ourselves. Do we like what we see in the mirror? And, according to our light, according to our understanding, according to our courage, we will have to say yea or nay - and rise!
Laura Cereta, Collected Letters of a Renaissance Feminist|The free mind, unafraid of labor, presses on to attain the good.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I used to feel so alone in the city. All those gazillions of people and then me, on the outside. Because how do you meet a new person? I was very stunned by this for many years. And then I realized, you just say, "Hi." They may ignore you. Or you may marry them. And that possibility is worth that one word.
Earl Nightingale|We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Thomas Jefferson, The Papers of Thomas Jefferson: Retirement Series, Volume 10: 1 May 1816 to 18 January 1817|Probably it's true, The Purge works for the government, who knows?
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|I am the proud owner of several complexes. But who isn’t? When you think about it, isn’t a person just a structure built in reaction to the landscape and the weather?
Jonathan R. Miller|People — teachers, other students, parents — constantly made offhand comments that didn't mean much to them, but I read something else in their words. A hidden language that told me I was different. Or maybe I was so aware of my own difference that I was just looking to be offended by other people's words.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|The path to wholeness starts by loving yourself. It always starts there. If you love yourself, you will do whatever it takes to restore your health and happiness.
Mr Imbuya|Experiences might teach us to be cautious, but never to be paranoid. Paranoia is a limiter of destiny
Rex Stout|Novels are just another kind of cross-dressing, aren't they?
Paige Britt, The Lost Track of Time|I used to think that size does not count, until I realized that most people either find other people’s faeces more disgusting than a bird’s droppings, or they do not find the latter disgusting at all.
Ophelia London, Aimee and the Heartthrob|Miles jogged off, leaving her alone in the large and quiet room. Aimee stood still, waiting for her mind and heart to go back to normal, return to how she felt a week ago before seeing Miles again.But they didn’t. Or wouldn’t. She put both hands over her pounding heart, exhaled, and sank into a chair. Nut-burgers. Now what?
Amy Tintera, Ruined|You're not who I thought you'd be, Cas." "No?" "Your so much better.
Andrew Bonar, Memoir and Remains of R.M. M'Cheyne|If it be good to come under the love of God once, surely it is good to keep ourselves there. And yet how reluctant we are!
Arnold Schwarzenegger|There's only one true superpower amongst human beings, and that is being funny. People treat you differently if you can make them laugh.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Consciousness can travel through space or can be present at multiple locations simultaneously. A conscious mind here can create a material change there, and is not limited by time and space or any physical forces.
Sunday Adelaja|Then, without postponing anything, build a structure that will allow you to transform this vision into reality
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Though the fire and water tried to overtake me, I have come out to a place of great abundance. I know that the fires of refinement, although hard, dark, and difficult, brought me to a better and richer place in God.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Everyone had a dirty, little secret that is never spoken out loud to anyone. Which is another way of saying people are never what they seem.
Sui Ishida|Now that I think about it, this might all have been inevitable. The reason we all ended up here, the reason I couldn't leave her alone...it all had to be a ridiculous fairy tale.
Bertrand Russell|Few and far between are the books you'll cherish, returning to them time and again, to revisit old friends, relive old happiness, and recapture the magic of that first read.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|That’s the key to walking through the Wall.... You have to first see it as not being a Wall, even though everyone you know still sees it as a Wall.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|When both our inner man and woman takes responsibility for themselves and lives their own truth, a joy and love begins to flow naturally between them. Healing means to develop the inner man and woman so that love can flow between them. Healing is to learn to love both our inner man and woman. It is to learn to live the truth of both the inner man and woman.
Emory R. Frie, Heart of a Lion|Bravery wasn’t in protecting myself from everything, it was in daring to trust, daring to love, daring to be me. Sometimes being brave meant letting go.
Charles Stanley|Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|There comes some special times that you got to keep "impossibility thinkers" behind you and walk with those are prepared to go forward with you because that is the only option to keep you going!
T.K. Coleman, Freedom Without Permission: How to Live Free in a World That Isn't|Positive assumptions are needed only when you have negative assumptions that you’re trying to overcome. But when you drop your assumptions altogether, your soul stands naked in the open fields of possibility. And what you choose to create from that space is up to you.
Fakeer Ishavardas|We are all copy cats. The only original 'thing' is God, And "him", hell, most of us know as little as we know cats.
Caroline Wozniacki|My mom always told me that I could be anything I wanted to be. And I truly, actually believed it. And I fought.
Lewis Gordon Pugh|I do think that you can dress yourself out of a problem. The way that a haircut and a new pair of pants can make you feel is better than any therapist, because when you look in the mirror, you see a different person - you are a different person. It's superficial change that can lead to real change.
Lascelles Abercrombie|You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
Marty Rubin|Trees, O trees, why can't you hold on to your leaves?
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|People who expect too much are always disappointed. You would do well to remember that, my boy.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|He sighs. "It's just, you said they're up there protecting us..." He looks down at his hands in his lap. "Then why didn't they protect me?
J. K. Rowling|Kill the snake of doubt in your soul, crush the worms of fear in your heart and mountains will move out of your way.
Iris Murdoch, Under the Net|...I'm worried I will leave grad school and no longer be able to speak English. I know this woman in grad school, a friend of a friend, and just listening to her talk is scary. The semiotic dialetics of intertextual modernity. Which makes no sense at all. Sometimes I feel that they live in a parallel universe of academia speaking acadamese instead of English and they don't really know what's happening in the real world.
E. Stanley Jones|If I throw out a boathook from the boat and catch hold of the shore and pull, do I pull the shore to me, or do I pull myself to the shore? Prayer is not pulling God to my will, but the aligning of my will to the will of God.
T.D. Mulhern|I would like to write my life story, but it seems to write itself.
Willie Stargell|I think people who are not rich can be extremely happy. And I think the chances to be happy in this new world - with many more opportunities to be creative, to be online, to educate yourself - there'll be a lot more chances to be happy. It's not to say everyone will take them, but there will be a lot of new paths to opportunity.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|From the depths of your well, tap your will.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|First kisses were about discovery, transformation, wonder.
David Graeber|People who dismiss the unemployed and dependent as ‘parasites’ fail to understand economics and parasitism. A successful parasite is one that is not recognized by its host, one that can make its host work for it without appearing as a burden. Such is the ruling class in a capitalist society.
A.E. Samaan|Socialists eat their children. The poets, artists, and radicals are murdered first once statists come into power. Statists abhor free thinking.
Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance|I will tell you what we shall do: if ever you need to rescue Catherine, or you Berkley, Maximus, I will help you, and you will do as much for me. Then we do not need to worry, I do not suppose anyone could stop all three of us, at least not before we can escape
Connie Willis|Sacrifice still exists everywhere, and everywhere the elect of each generation suffers for the salvation of the rest.
Li Keqiang|China-Africa relationship has a long history and is full of vitality. Since the 1950s and 1960s, our common historical experiences have brought China and Africa together, and we have forged deep friendship in our joint struggle during which we have supported each other in times of difficulty.
Kate McGahan|I wish creatures wouldn't be so easily offended!", "You'll get used to it in time," said the Caterpillar; and it put the hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.
Alice Hoffman, The Ice Queen|Our house was littered with books- in the kitchen, under the beds, stuck between the couch pillows--far too many for her the ever finish. I suppose I thought if my grandmother kept up her interests, she wouldn't die; she'd have to stay around to finish the books she was so fond of. "I've got to get to the bottom of this one," she'd say, as if a book were no different from a pond or a lake. I thought she'd go on reading forever but it didn't work out that way.
Gerry Adams|Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.
Jenna Sundell, Peace with Pain: Your Guide to Life in a Malfunctioning Body|By learning how the mind works, you can dramatically change your experience - regardless of the circumstances of your body.
Patrick Modiano, Rue des boutiques obscures|I worry about you. You’re good with people, I’ve seen it. You like them. But there’s a limit for you.” He opened his mouth to protest but she held up her hand to silence him. “I know. You do care. But inside the framework of a project. Right now it’s your studies. Later it’ll be roads and bridges. But people around you—their lives go on outside the framework. They’re not just tools to your hand, even likable tools. Your life should go on, too. You should have more than roads to live for. Because if something does go wrong, you’ll need what you’re feeling to matter, to someone somewhere, anyway.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Every man knows that slavery is a curse. Whoever denies this, his lips libel his heart.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|Pain is mostly mind over matter: if you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Jacques Derrida, Spurs: Nietzsche's Styles/Eperons: Les Styles de Nietzsche|And still the text will remain, if it is really cryptic and parodying (and I tell you that it is so through and through. I might as well tell you since it won’t be of any help to you. Even my admission can very well be a lie because there is dissimulation only if one tells the truth, only if one tells that one is telling the truth), still the text will remain indefinitely open, cryptic and parodying.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Come out, O lions, and shake off the ancient mysticism and prejudices.
Richie Norton|Trust isn't just the greatest currency, it's the only currency. Once trust is gone in any form of currency, the value is gone.
Kangana Ranaut|Research is four things: brains with which to think, eyes with which to see, machines with which to measure and, fourth, money.
Alice  Roberts, The Incredible Unlikeliness of Being: Evolution and the Making of Us|For humans—trapped in biology—there was no mercy: we lived a while, we fussed around for a bit and died, we rotted in the ground like garbage.
J.C. Ryle, Holiness|Let us never measure our religion by that of others, and think we are doing enough if we have gone beyond our neighbors.
Brian Spellman|They safely cured the world of sadness, wiser the Pfizer for it?
Robert Nathan, Portrait of Jennie|Soulmates aren't the ones who make you happiest, no. They're instead the ones who make you feel the most. Burning edges and scars and stars. Old pangs, captivation and beauty. Strain and shadows and worry and yearning. Sweetness and madness and dreamlike surrender. They hurl you into the abyss. They taste like hope.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|On our wedding night," she said, "I will cut out your tongue and swallow it. Then both tongues that spoke our marriage vows will belong to me, and I will be wed only to myself. You will most likely choke to death on your own blood, which will be unfortunate, but I will be both husband and wife and therefore not a widow to be pitied.
Jeanette Winterson, The World and Other Places: Stories|Time is a player. Time is part of today, not simply a measure of its passing.
John Corey Whaley|On a lighter but serious side I believe that homework was meant for parents to take a keen interest in the studies of children rather than leave it completely for the teacher. This way the parent child communication also developed. However with the passage of time the world become more mechanical and commercial. Quality time suffixed for quantity time and homework became a means of earning for many an educated unemployed teachers. How sad we sure have progressed but yet in many ways have lost our basic values, ethics and morality. It’s time to wake up and DO OUR HOMEWORK.
Abie Sigauke|Until you feel that you achieved, you are a Endless Achiever
C. JoyBell C.|If anything or anyone removes peace from you or inflicts confusion and judgment on you, this thing or person is not of God regardless of whether or not that person or thing has wrapped itself/himself in the wrapping paper with God's face printed all over it. Don't stop believing in God but stop believing in that person, in that thing. The wrapping paper with God's face stamped all over it isn't really God.
G.G. Silverman, Vegan Teenage Zombie Huntress|I never intended to become a zombie huntress; I had only intended to protest prom, high school’s last bastion of patriarchal society.
Jen Kirkman|I am a die-hard romantic at heart and love the idea of love. But, when it comes to love, I kinda believe in the old world charm of romance - where there's mystery and intrigue.
C.S. Harris, When Gods Die|The church can only defend its own space by fighting, not for space, but for the salvation of the world. Otherwise the church becomes a "religious society" that fights in its own interest and thus has ceased to be the church of God in the world.
Adam Berlin, The Number of Missing|Sometimes I wonder if other people think about death - frequently, or just in general. I wonder if they think about it casually, like they’re thinking of the weather, or if they think of it lying awake at night, haunted by their own thoughts. I wonder… if they do think about it, do they ever think about their own death - the when, the how?
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|the cocoon like water, the labored trance and rhythmic breath of lap swimming had done their work, had unwound the restless feeling into nothingness.
Fritz Leiber, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Kaufman almost smiled at the perfection of its horror. He felt an offer of insanity tickling the base of his skull, tempting him into oblivion, promising a blank indifference to the world.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|My first kiss I regret. My first date I regret. But I do not regret the choice to say I love you for the first time. Even though that was the melodramatic story. Even though that one ended badly. I don’t regret it. Because that time ... that night, I was myself. I found my feelings and honored them. I loved myself enough to trust what I felt and say what I needed to say. And I chose to be myself. I was present as I delivered my awkward speech and felt each pound of my beating heart. I had never been more of myself than in that moment.
