Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|How do we listen to his voice? With the ear of our heart. With love. Love has ears, as love has eyes. Just be there, and love him, and let him love you." (35). Easier said than done. "What will happen then? What will we hear? Let God take care of that. Seek only him, do not use him as a means to seek any other end. He is not your Santa, he is your Savior. I cannot tell you what he will give you, except for one thing: he will give you himself. He will give you more of himself the more you want him, that is, the more you love him. He wants to pour infinite riches into your soul; prayer is a way of opening up your soul so more of God can enter.
Donald Cerrone|It angers me to see armed defenders at the bottom of Lost Cause statues, adding a renewed threat of violence to icons that are themselves part of an ideology of violence and intimidation.
Dara Reidyr|To be a poet in today’s technological age means to be underrated and at times, ignored. In a world where the noise of industry reigns supreme, the poet’s voice is being drowned out, but it is a voice that is desperately needed. Our words ring out into the atmosphere and calls the masses back to their senses. We must seize this opportunity and remain true to our purpose in society. Ours is a most noble duty, here to represent the misunderstood and underrepresented, and one day, one person will heed the call of our words and the world will be set ablaze!
Henry Ward Beecher|Man is the unnatural animal, the rebel child of nature, and more and more does he turn himself against the harsh and fitful hand that reared him.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|Percy wakes me (fourteen)Percy wakes me and I am not ready.He has slept all night under the covers.Now he’s eager for action: a walk, then breakfast.So I hasten up. He is sitting on the kitchen counter Where he is not supposed to be. How wonderful you are, I say. How clever, if you  Needed me,  To wake me. He thought he would a lecture and deeply  His eyes begin to shine.He tumbles onto the couch for more compliments.He squirms and squeals: he has done something  That he needed  And now he hears that it is okay. I scratch his ears. I turn him over And touch him everywhere. He isWild with the okayness of it. Then we walk, then He has breakfast, and he is happy.This is a poem about Percy.This is a poem about more than Percy.Think about it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When bad things happen to you, become wiser, not bitter.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|He walked on in silence, the solitary sound of his footsteps echoing in his head, as in a deserted street, at dawn. His solitude was so complete, beneath a lovely sky as mellow and serene as a good conscience, amid that busy throng, that he was amazed at his own existence; he must be somebody else's nightmare, and whoever it was would certainly awaken soon.
Unknown|For a man to write well, there are required three necessaries—to read the best authors, observe the best speakers, and much exercise of his own style.
Robert M. La Follette|War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace.
Nikki Rowe|We're all a little broken, it's how we feed our brokenness that defines us; some you wouldn't believe ever broke and some you will see never grew through the break but one thing certain, everyone is a little broken, it's how we feed our brokenness that defines us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who work, knows the strength of labour.
Martin Luther King Jr.|No power on earth, if it labours beneath the burden of fear, can possibly be strong enough to survive.
Katherine  Dunn, Misfits of Love: Healing Conversations in the Barnyard|Just as a snowflakewent on to feed a puddle that filled a stream and then the river, thepumpkin patch is a gathering of molecules from my old goats, chickens,and cats, feeding the underworld of dirt creatures. And somewhere, myfather’s ashes mingle with birds, air, and sea.
Gustave Flaubert, Sentimental Education|Facts & figures go to the brain. And, the brain tends to forget . Stories go straight to the heart. They make us feel. And, the heart remembers.
Shinedown|Juliet, the dice were loaded from the start. / When you gonna realize it was just that the time was wrong, Juliet?
Daisaku Ikeda|The sharecropper may lower his eyes, but not because he's less of a man. That's just a condition of society that such things exist.
Musharraf Ali Farooqi, The Adventures of Amir Hamza|It was not that donors had no loyalty to each other, but they were not ashamed to betray a fellow donor. In its wisdom the Alliance promulgated the moral rules—the main one being one’s duty to the Alliance. The Alliance was sacred—all else secondary. But not all donors—or citizens—bought into that. Many knew in their hearts there was more to life.
Luke Evans|Governments that block the aspirations of their people, that steal or are corrupt, that oppress and torture or that deny freedom of expression and human rights should bear in mind that they will find it increasingly hard to escape the judgement of their own people, or where warranted, the reach of international law.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If there is anything you need in life that you haven’t gotten, it is because you are yet to pay for it via the currency of time.
Cecilia Ruiz|We are the things we don't remember,the blank spaces, the forgotten words.
Joe Hill|The imagination is our final advantage as a species, a place to safely (and happily) explore experiences that are far from safe and far from happy. “Dracula” and “The Fly” may delight and appall in equal measure, but they also gently prepare us, helping us to think about how we would respond if faced with a terrifying seduction, or a corrupted and infected body.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I’m “exceptional”- a democratic term used to avoid the damning labels of “gifted” and “deprived” (which used to mean “bright” and “retarded”) and as soon as “exceptional” begins to mean anything to anyone they’ll change it. The idea seems to be: use an expression as long as it doesn’t mean anything to anybody. “Exceptional” refers to both ends of the spectrum, so all my life I’ve been exceptional.
Jennifer Lopez|Change requires one to start now here or nowhere. Both places require one to pass through the same starting point – today, right now” from Cinderella In Focus
Martin Amis|Only in art will the lion lie down with the lamb, and the rose grow without thorn.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|No, this was Philly. Drunks here boo Santa and get in more trouble than a dog with an Easter basket, and like the dog, they usually end up either sick or dead. Ah yes, another lovely eve in the big city.
Robert Downey, Jr.|I wasn't very funny or flashy, I was kind of boring.
Leonard Michaels, Time out of Mind: The Diaries of Leonard Michaels, 1961-1995|Courage is continuing to perform your daily tasks, and being hopeful despite the odds, not inflicting your fears on others, and remaining sensitive to their needs and expectations, and also not supposing, because you're dying, nothing matters any more.
Paul Ryan|I didn't go to many movies. My mom would make a family outing and bring chicken in the theater. Smell up the whole place. The most impactful movies were 'Godfather II' and 'Scarface'. I loved the human complexity, and those movies are so well shot. Cinematic greatness. I really stopped going in my early twenties.
Samuel Colbran, Lake Merrin|To find new, keep moving forward ...
Thea Harrison, Liam Takes Manhattan|I had a party to plan, reminders to send, some positive PR to get out, L.A. travel plans to take care of and now a bit of a conspiracy to start unraveling.For starters.Just another average Sunday with the M10.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|Think of the old cliché about “the mind being an excellent servant but a terrible master.” This, like many clichés, so lame and unexciting on the surface, actually expresses a great and terrible truth. It is not the least bit coincidental that adults who commit suicide with firearms almost always shoot themselves in the head. And the truth is that most of these suicides are actually dead long before they pull the trigger.
C.S. Lewis|The doctrine that war is always a greater evil seems to imply a materialist ethic, a belief that death and pain are the greatest evils. But I do not think they are... All men die, and most men miserably. That two soldiers on opposite sides, each believing his own country to be in the right, each at the moment when his selfishness is most in abeyance and his will to sacrifice in the ascendant, should kill [each] other in plain battle seems to me by no means one of the most terrible things in this terrible world.
Sarah Vowell|But I can no longer ready any faith's Napoleonic saber rattling without picturing smoking rubble on cable news. I guess if I had to pick a spiritual figurehead to possess the deed to the entirety of Earth, I'd go with Buddha, but only because he wouldn't want it.
Pearl Zhu, CIO Master: Unleash the Digital Potential of It|The right people have the right mindsets, they are high-positive, high-innovative, high-influential and high-mature.
Jean de la Bruyere|Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons and an Unlikely Road to Manhood|Mostly they all were products of single parents, and in the most tragic category - black boys, with no particular criminal inclinations but whose very lack of direction put them in the crosshairs of the world.
Karen Hawkins, The Princess Wore Plaid|Before her, with sharp blue eyes and perfectly coiffed blond hair, was Josephine Marie Elizabeth Cavendish, Her Grace, the Duchess of Durham, widow of the fifth duke, and aunt to the Cavendish siblings.One did not call her Josie. Amelia had asked.
Lil Wayne|It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it.
Steve Maraboli|When civility is illusory, war is inevitable.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|I used to sit in front of my father's Jag, watching the raindrops run their kamikaze suicide missions from one edge of the windshield to the wiper blade.
DaShanne Stokes|Racist legacy laws and modern racist practices are all part of the same system, and it needs to be changed now.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is defined by time, appreciate the beauty of time.
Lee Bermejo|I watched a lot of movies when I was younger and I remember, when I was seven years old, I asked my parents if I could have an agent for Christmas.
Pam   Jones|A friend of mine, Warren Lemming, has this theory: if you’re famous, it’s as if you’ve got a golden monkey on your shoulder. When people come up to talk to you, they just see the monkey.
John D. Zizioulas, Communion and Otherness: Further Studies in Personhood and the Church|Christ was born of a virgin, that we might be born of God. He took our flesh, that He might give us His Spirit. He lay in the manger that we might lie in paradise. He came down from heaven, that He might bring us to heaven. And what was all this but love? If our hearts be not rocks, this love of Christ should affect us. Behold, love that surpasses knowledge!
Edward Ruscha|I've always enjoyed traveling and having experience with different cultures and different people. But it's also a wonderful thing to be able to benefit and enable research, not only in our country but around the world.
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|Freedom had no place in the Soviet System. Freedom was another word for anarchy, and that wouldn't do at all.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Life isn’t meant to be lived perfectly…but merely to be LIVED. Boldly, wildly, beautifully, uncertainly, imperfectly, magically LIVED.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Alice, winning means manipulation. It means taking people—people who may have helped you in the past, even people you care about—and using them without hesitation or regret. It means making decisions that would be viewed by any normal-thinking human being as cynical at best and dishonorable at worst
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|In my dream I know I am falling. But there is no up or down, no walls or sides or ceilings, just the sensation of cold and darkness everywhere. I am so scared I could scream. But when I open my mouth, nothing happens. And I wonder if you fall forever and never touch down, is it really still falling? I think I will fall forever.
Baltasar Gracian|She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways; she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth.
Eric Bana|I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release.
Barbara Kingsolver|I have a sister, so I know-that relationship, it's all about fairness: you want your sibling to have exactly what you have-the same amount of toys, the same number of meatballs on your spaghetti, the same share of love. But being a mother is completely different. You want your child to have more than you ever did. You want to build a fire underneath her and watch her soar. It's bigger than words.
Sarah Hackley, Finding Happiness with Migraines: a Do It Yourself Guide, a min-e-bookTM|To know how to choose a path with heart is to learn how to followintuitive feeling. Logic can tell you superficially where a path mightlead to, but it cannot judge whether your heart will be in it.
Stephanie Nielson, Heaven Is Here: An Incredible Story of Hope, Triumph, and Everyday Joy|Their words of encouragement were just what I needed. I was doing a great job, and I appreciated their cheers.I felt a dormlike camaraderie in the burn unit, since each of us knew the challenges we were facing like no one else could, and therefore how meaningful each triumph was.
Annie Dillard, The Living|She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|In Russia, the person who put Sevastopol on the literary map was Leo Tolstoy, a veteran of the siege. His fictionalized memoir The Sebastopol Sketches made him a national celebrity. Already with the first installment of the work published, Tsar Alexander II saw the propaganda value of the piece and ordered it translated into French for dissemination abroad. That made the young author very happy. Compared with Tolstoy’s later novels, The Sebastopol Sketches hasn’t aged well, possibly because this is not a heartfelt book. As the twenty-six-year-old Tolstoy’s Sevastopol diaries reveal, not heartache but ambition drove him at the time. Making a name as an author was just an alternative to two other grand plans—founding a new religion and creating a mathematical model for winning in cards (his losses during the siege were massive even for a rich person).
Marie Lu, Legend|June has never looked more beautiful than she does now, unadorned and honest, vulnerable yet invincible.
Rose George|I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.
C.J. Milbrandt, On Your Marks: The Adventure Begins|Tell me, Miss Hathaway … what would you do if you were invited on a midnight ride across the earth and ocean? Would you choose the adventure, or stay safely at home?” She couldn’t seem to tear her gaze from his. The topaz eyes were lit by a glint of playfulness, not the innocent mischief of a boy, but something far more dangerous. She could almost believe he might actually change form and appear beneath her window one night, and carry her away on midnight wings … “Home, of course,” she managed in a sensible tone. “I don’t want adventure.” “I think you do. I think in a moment of weakness, you might surprise yourself.” “I don’t have moments of weakness. Not that kind, at any rate.” His laughter curled around her like a drift of smoke. “You will.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Their [philosophers] thinking is, in fact, far less a discovery than a re-recognizing, a remembering, a return and a home-coming to a far-off, ancient common-household of the soul, out of which those ideas formerly grew: philosophizing is so far a kind of atavism of the highest order.
Joe Nocera|Once Trump got his hands around this promising idea, he basically strangled it.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|You spanked me,” she told him.“I did.” He lifted her shoulders high enough to push a wedge pillow under the pad. “And I enjoyed it very much. You have a very spankable ass, no?
Sara Sheridan, Secret of the Sands|His heart is pounding and when he kisses her it is as if the whole of Riyadh disappears – the wide sky, the hard surface of the roof, the date palms and the water wells.
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|Be careful what you wish for, be careful how you plan your dreams. Make sure you work out the details and are open to alternatives if things need to be tweaked along the way. Don’t feel as though you must compromise everything, or settle for something less. But don’t be so set in stone that you can not go with the flow of Divine energy as it tries to help you manifest your desires in the best possible pattern of energy for you in this time and space.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To gain height, lose all your tall friends.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are born with the innate capacity to express empathy. Experiencing our own cuts and bruises, encountering our own difficulties and disappointments, expands our cognitive world and rouses the universal desire to understand and comfort other people in pain.
Wallace Stegner, Crossing to Safety|Grub Street turns out good things almost as often as Parnassus. For if a writer is hard up enough, if he’s far down enough (down where I have been and am rising from, I am really saying), he can’t afford self-doubt and he can’t let other people’s opinions, even a father’s, keep him from writing.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|He was the ocean and I was the sand, i lived content in stillness and he washed a shore everytime, as a better man.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What marvel things are waiting for us in the future? What horrible things are waiting for us? Whatever is waiting for us, we always want to be in the future, ready to celebrate and ready to fight!
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|We are all subject to the fates. But we must act as if we are not, or die of despair.
Lee Nichols, Deception|It was certainly not this mummified and outrageously painted old woman he was seeing before him, but the entire "female species," as it was his custom to call women. The individual disappeared, the features were obliterated, whether young or senile, beautiful or ugly - those were mere unimportant variations. Behind each woman rises the austere, sacred and mysterious face of Aphrodite.
Rutger Hauer|I hate to say it, but there seems to have been some sort of dumbing down as far as movies go.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
Jean-Luc Bilodeau|In the digital universe, our personal history and its sense of narrative is succeeded by our social networking profile - a snapshot of the current moment. The information itself - our social graph of friends and likes - is a product being sold to market researchers in order to better predict and guide our futures.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton|Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies.
Sarah Schulman, Empathy|You tell them one real thing and then the doctor thinks he knows you. He starts getting arrogant and overfamiliar, making insulting suggestions left and right. You have to protest constantly just to set the record straight. Finally he makes offensive assumptions and throws them in your face. A stranger in a bar could do the same…
Isaac Newton, The Correspondence of Isaac Newton: Published for the Royal Society. VOLUMES 1 through 7|If you don't break your ropes while you're alive, do you think ghosts will do it after?
Zamreen Zarook|You cannot go back to your past and erase or do alterations, but today you can have a new start
James Dashner, The Maze Runner Files|In modern fantasy (literary or governmental), killing people is the usual solution to the so-called war between good and evil.
John Paul II|It is Jesus that you seek when you dream of happiness; He is waiting for you when nothing else you find satisfies you; He is the beauty to which you are so attracted; it is He who provoked you with that thirst for fullness that will not let you settle for compromise; it is He who urges you to shed the masks of a false life; it is He who reads in your heart your most genuine choices, the choices that others try to stifle.It is Jesus who stirs in you the desire to do something great with your lives, the will to follow an ideal, the refusal to allow yourselves to be ground down by mediocrity, the courage to commit yourselves humbly and patiently to improving yourselves and society, making the world more human and more fraternal.
Paul  Majkut, Oulanem|The best revenge to get on your distractors is taking the high road. Avoid playing their game, following their murky rules.
Jill Mansell, Take a Chance on Me|My body covered with flames of betrayal and my eyes filled with tears of pain, I do not feel good.
Colin Powell|If someone corrects you, and you feel offended, then you have an ego problem.
Ella James, Sloth|It’s time, little one,” he coaxes from above me.I take a deep breath as I crawl to where he instructs me. My heart is racing and I feel like tears could be close again. But I am resolved. I am going to do this. I know my own wilful obstinacy will see me into the stocks and from there it really is up to Shaw. He positions me in front of the stocks and waits a few seconds, letting me absorb their magnitude, before speaking.“Kneel.”Just one word but it seals my fate. I comply immediately, wordlessly, allowing my terror to turn into the first shoots of arousal. This is really happening…
John Mackey|Something I learned when I was very young: with cooking, it doesn't matter where you are; you can always cook. You can end up in small village in Peru where somebody's cooking, take a spoon and taste it, and you might not be too sure what you're eating, but you can taste the soul in the food. That's what is beautiful with food.
Maria V. Snyder, Power Study|I've decided I don't like books that end with 'The End'. The fact that there are no more pages, suggests to me that the book has ended.
Zarina Bibi|Quite often, when an idea that could be helpful presents itself, we do not appreciate it, for it is so inconspicuous. The expert has, perhaps, no more ideas than the inexperienced, but appreciates more what he has and uses it better.
Dan B. Allender, Intimate Allies|Marriage requires a radical commitment to love our spouses as they are, while longing for them to be what they are not yet. Every marriage moves either toward enhancing one another's glory or toward degrading each other.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|It is not the quantity of your thoughts but the quality of your thoughts that make the difference. Thoughts can either be productive or a hindrance. But, when we focus our attention on faithfulness and truthfulness the restoration process begins.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I'm committed to seeing this project done. To see if within this decade we can finally hold in our hands the rule for our universe, and know where our universe lies in the space of all possible universes.
Elbert Hubbard|If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
Debasish Mridha|Getting a new job will not change your life. To change your life, change your choices.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Most sane human beings who have managed to attain and retain fame each uses it to dramatically increase their name’s chances of being remembered until Jesus comes back, since their heart cannot do what they consciously or unconsciously lust for, that is to say, for it to beat until Jesus returns.
Euginia Herlihy|To know that you are loved gives you confidence, security and fulfilment in life.
Roy  Bennett|Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, focus your energy on what you can create.
Fanny Burney, Evelina|Generosity without delicacy, like wit without judgement, generally gives as much pain as pleasure.
P.B. Kerr, The Blue Djinn of Babylon|When something needs to be said, you look for a man to say it. But when something needs actually to be done, you look for a woman.
Emily Horner, A Love Story Starring My Dead Best Friend|The World is enough brutal don't make it mad and crazy more, so far I think that the adrenaline is on it's own full capacity.
Romi Florea|I'm confused. You make me confused. Just one glance at your eyes can mess up my whole world. My whole inner universe. The stars in my constellation are burning from the want to be in your eyes. They want to find the peace in those oceans. But you couldn't feel the burning light of my stars. You couldn't see the burning emotion of my body. So you walked away from my universe, leaving my lonely stars in the dark.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|...we have no right to decide off-hand that it is an unnatural pleasure to eat sawdust. A man might be constituted so that he liked it. And so long as his peculiarity doesn't damage or interfere with other people, there's no reason why he shouldn't be left alone.But if it is the man's fixed belief that sawdust eating is essential to human happiness; if he attributes almost everything that happens either to the effects of eating it or not eating it; if he imagines that most of the people he meets are also sawdust-eaters, and above all, if he thinks that the salvation of the world depends entirely upon making laws to compel people to eat sawdust, whether they like it or not, then it is fair to say that his mind is unbalanced on the subject; and that, further, the practice itself, however innocent it may appear, is in that particular case perverse. Sanity consists in the proper equilibrium of ideas in general. That is the only sense in which it is true that genius is connected with insanity.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|There's a saying," Aeneas said: "Keep an eye on Greeks when they offer gifts." He spoke wryly. "Horses, particularly.
Vironika Tugaleva|When you have any sort of intense emotional reaction, you have a choice: look for proof that you should feel it even deeper or look for the thought process that is triggering the emotion. One takes you on a downwards spiral, while the other upwards. One breeds toxic patterns, the other awareness. The choice is yours.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|It is difficult to undo our own damage, and to recall to our presence that which we have asked to leave. It is hard to desecrate a grove and change your mind. The very holy mountains are keeping mum. We doused the burning bush and cannot rekindle it; we are lighting matches in vain under every green tree.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Grace for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|It may be that we have lost our ability to hold a blazing coal, to move unfettered through time, to walk on water, because we have been taught that such things have to be earned; we should deserve them; we must be qualified. We are suspicious of grace. We are afraid of the very lavishness of the gift. But a child rejoices in presents!
Benjamin Harrison|Justice is a machine that, when someone has once given it the starting push, rolls on of itself. - John Galsworthy, Justice [1910], act II
Zig Ziglar|If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want. 
Ava Gray|I’d do anything for you.” And she knew he meant it. “Even before you healed me, you gave my life back, a reason for living. I adore you, I worship you. I love you beyond all reason.
Connie Willis, Remake|It's like a movie, I thought, like a fucking movie. It seemed funny to me. It felt as if we were on camera. I liked it. It was better than the racetrack, it was better than the boxing matches. We kept drinking.
Clea Koff, The Bone Woman: A Forensic Anthropologist's Search for Truth in the Mass Graves of Rwanda, Bosnia, Croatia, and Kosovo|For lunch, we drove into the hills and parked in the dappled shade of a big sycamore, its powdery white bark like a woman's body against the uncanny blue sky.
Simon Cowell|One's appearance bespeaks dignity corresponding to the depth of his character. One's concentrated effort, serene attitude, taciturn air, courteous disposition, thoroughly polite bearing, gritted teeth with a piercing look - each of these reveals dignity. Such outward appearance, in short, comes from constant attentiveness and seriousness.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Yes, my tiara sets off the whole thing nicely," said Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. "But I must say, Ginevra's dress is far too low-cut."Ginny glanced round, grinning, winked at Harry, then quickly faced the front again.
Confucius|In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Terry Bradshaw|We've always had each other's backs in and out of competition. We support each other the most because we're the only ones that know what it's like to go through what we do, and so we can't be more thankful for each other. We're like sisters.
DaShanne Stokes|He has the feeling that merely by being alive he is blocking his own way. From this sense of hindrance, in turn, he deduces the proof that he is alive.
J.R. Rim|The general consensus seemed to be that if prayer didn't take care of the problem, a belt to the ass and the threat of reform school would.
Geoffrey Wood|Guilt can teach us to become better; shame causes us to become bitter." EL
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Society, civilized society at least, is never very ready to believe anything to the detriment of those who are both rich and fascinating. It feels instinctively that manners are of more importance than morals, and, in its opinion, the highest respectability is of much less value than the possession of a good chef.
Robinson Jeffers|The tides are in our veins, we still mirror the stars, life is your child, but there is in meOlder and harder than life and more impartial, the eye that watched before there was an ocean.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t be afraid to change. Without change, there is no life.
David Farland|I'd like to emphasize that when a reader finishes a great novel, he will immediately begin looking for another. If someone loves your book, it increases the chance that he or she will look at mine. So there is no competition between writers. Another writer's success helps build a larger readership for all of us.
Alter Bridge, Alter Bridge - One Day Remains|Gilded palace of Flying BurritosExcellent Nouveau Mexican CuisineWe all got to wear Swank-Ass Nudie SuitsI should have known it was a lousy pipe dreamOhhh, Ohhh, what an awesome jobOhhh, Ohhh, what do I do now??Ohh, Ohhhhh, it's like I've been robbedSpent the last of my paychequeAnd I'm feelin' pretty downnnnn!!
Lindsay Lohan|I'm an unorthodox type of guy, a funny guy - at least I think I'm funny. And one of the things I like to do is come up with nicknames for myself.
Apollonius of Tyana|The clouds may drop down titles and estates, and wealth may seek us, but wisdom must be sought.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Wings and Ruin|Amazing how meaningless life is. A succubus literally fucks because she's not far removed from a monkey who needs to get stuffed with monkey dick and as a result a new life is created capable of experiencing all the suffering in the world. And they don't even feel guilty, they probably think their children should be glad that they are alive.
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|…I love you,” he said to her, although at that point he was certain she could no longer comprehend the words. “I’d trade places with you in an instant, Mandy Valems… you never deserved this… why would anyone do something so terrible!?” A cold chill froze his heart when he saw her empty eyes again.The fluorescent lights in the dim room sparked to life all of a sudden, brightness so sharp that it startled him. In a flash, sharp and sudden, quicker than a lightning strike, the bulbs flickered and exploded with a few jingling pops.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Evil is there, out there and in your faces! You have two choices, either run or fight! To run is to die a coward! To fight is to win!
Eleanor Roosevelt|The absolute defining moment of my life was the day the drug deal went bad. It started out just like any other day, at least for the girlfriend of a dealer. However, this time, it went bad. Really bad.
Thomas Aquinas|The Study of philosophy is not that we may know what men have thought, but what the truth of things is. 
Debasish Mridha|If we can't solve the problem, resolve the difference, then embrace the diversity, bring the silence, time will solve the problem and peace will prevail.
Queen Rania of Jordan|I think technology is us, not something we invented. I think we are more psychic now because we have cell phones and you can look and see who's calling you. When people start seeing technology as us, as humanity, our whole idea of what existence is, is going to shift.
Issa Rae|From tea parties to the election in Massachusetts, we are witnessing the single greatest political pushback in American history.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|But that is the way of life, and that was but one of the first times, among no few to come, that I was taught a useful lesson about how appearances trump truth, and how villains hide their vices behind masks of piety, honour, and decency. And that to denounce evildoers without proof, attack them with weapons, trust blindly in reason or justice, is often the fastest road toward one's own perdition, while the scoundrels who use influence or money as a shield remained untouched.
Conrad Hyers|We are obliged to love one another. We are not strictly bound to "like" one another.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Chaos and ancient Night, I come no spy,With purpose to explore or to disturbThe secrets of your realm, but by constraint Wand'Ring this darksome desert, as my wayLies through your spacious empire up to light,Alone, and without guide, half lost, I seekWhat readiest path leads where your gloomy bounds Confine with Heav'n; or if som other place From your Dominion won, th' Ethereal King Possesses lately, thither to arriveI travel this profound, direct my course; Directed no mean recompence it brings To your behoof, if I that Region lost, All usurpation then expelled, reduce To her original darkness and your sway (Which is my present journey) and once moreErect the Standard there of ancient Night; Yours be th' advantage all, mine the revenge.970-987
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|What is the purpose of a city if not to grant the greatest of gifts, anonymity?
McKenzie Bodkin, The Water Mage's Daughter: A Novel of Love, Magic and War in Verse|Progress in science and technology is real, but it builds on past truths without rejecting them. Computers don’t have to be re-invented in order to keep getting better; innovations expand what they already do. Knowledge accumulates, so it can increase. Scientists and engineers know this, but artists, authors, and philosophers keep trying to start over from ground zero in the humanities. Thus, they don’t really progress—they become primitive.
Lewis Buzbee, The Haunting of Charles Dickens|A bran' new book is a beautiful thing, all promise and fresh pages, the neatly squared spine, the brisk sense of a journey beginning. But a well-worn book also has its pleasures, the soft caress and give of the paper's edges, the comfort, like an old shawl, of an oft-read story.
Woally Mandzanga|Don't squash creativity, inspire it!
Fuminori Nakamura, Evil and the Mask|The fact is, man has never stayed by a single ideal. The mass enthusiasm when you were young gave way to cool, rationalistic classicism. Today that’s being drowned in turn by a kind of neoromanticism. God knows where that will lead. I probably won’t approve. Regardless, new generations grow up. We’ve no right to freeze them into our own mold. The universe is too wide.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|There is no concept of justice in Cree culture. The nearest word is kintohpatatin, which loosely translates to "you've been listened to." But kintohpatatin is richer than justice - really it means you've been listened to by someone compassionate and fair, and your needs will be taken seriously.
Billy Graham|If justice is supposed to be fair, than any justice system you would hope is based on fairness.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|But Sasha was from Russia, where the sunsets are longer, the dawns less sudden and sentences are often left unfinished from doubt as how to best end them.
Les Brown|Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Euginia Herlihy|Let your words to be a cushion to those who are around you, especially to those who are in a vulnerable state.
Henry Miller|In the evening of life we shall be judged on love, and not one of us is going to come off very well, and were it not for my absolute faith in the loving forgiveness of my Lord I could not call on him to come.
Vladimira Chalyova|You can't fight the whole world, and you can't keep fighting everyone in your own world. It's not about giving up, it's about letting go.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Merlin's pants!" shrieked Hermione, jumping up and running from the room."Merlin's pants?" repeated Ron, looking amused. "She must be really upset.
Epictetus|It is much better to die of hunger unhindered by grief and fear than to live affluently beset with worry, dread, suspicion and unchecked desire.
David Bohm|Today the predatory state, or the predatory group of states, with power of total destruction, is no more to be tolerated than the predatory individual.
Linda Kage, The Stillburrow Crush|To fear death, gentlemen, is no other than to think oneself wise when one is not, to think one knows what one does not know. No one knows whether death may not be the greatest of all blessings for a man, yet men fear it as if they knew that it is the greatest of evils.
Maya Angelou|When you're a kid, you have these big ideas and these big dreams to make a change, or maybe you feel like you can't make a difference.
Simon Mainwaring|And so when I moved to IBM, I moved because I thought I could apply technology. I didn't actually have to do my engineer - I was an electrical engineer, but I could apply it. And that was when I changed. And when I got there, though, I have to say, at the time, I really never felt there was a constraint about being a woman. I really did not.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|We inhabit, in ordinary daylight, a future that was unimaginably dark a few decades ago, when people found the end of the world easier to envision than the impending changes in everyday roles, thoughts, practices that not even the wildest science fiction anticipated. Perhaps we should not have adjusted to it so easily. It would be better if we were astonished every day.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|He opened his mouth and let it loose, the blast of cold air freezing the Dark Ones instantaneously. Kiril saw himself in the mirror and the curls of cold air seeping from the corners of his mouth through his parted lips.Damn, but is was good to be a Dragon King.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|YOU ARE JUSTYou are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
P.G. Wodehouse, Summer Lightning|When you have been just told that the girl you love is definitely betrothed to another, you begin to understand how Anarchists must feel when the bomb goes off too soon.
Amy Jackson|I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children.
Stephen R. Lawhead|Doesn't matter if you speak either truth or a lie. People are too stubborn to listen only an expected/ pre-concluded/ conjectured answers from you, without having any second thought about the impetus and certitude of the person who speaks. Finally, a cessation that you are no more the same person which you were earlier.
Carl Sandburg|To simplify your life, just think of yourself as a four-year-old child. Try to imagine the way he thinks of reality. If you have to talk to someone about a so-called complicated matter, see how you can simplify it.No matter with whom you are talking, feel that you are a child and that person is also a child. When a childlike quality comes into your life, everything automatically becomes simple.
Gordon Attard|If you stop fighting for what you want, what you don't want will automatically take over
Lailah Gifty Akita|The light shines in the soul, awaken the spirit and gives clearer sight.
Diana Kanecki|A good starts with breakfast; no matter what I'm going through, a good breakfast with friends, family, or tribe helo me and others start the day right and better.a professional practice I follow as retaught to me by a mentor who was a 3 star general when he held the meeting until i and c others had a full breakfast. Good leadrrship and a lesson with kindness.
lauren klarfeld|Date a girl who travels they said, but please, know that you will never tame her nor keep her. Because she’ll never sign her letters off with a “your truly” - but always with a “see you when I see you
Charles de Lint, The Onion Girl|Everything has a spirit and it's all connected. If you think about that, if you live your life by it, then you're less likely to cause any hurt. It's like how our bodies go back into the ground when we die, so that connects us to the earth. If you dump trash, you're dumping it on your and my ancestors. Or to bring it down to its simplest level: treat everything and everybody the way you want to be treated, because when you hurt someone, you're only hurting yourself.
Phillip Lopate, To Show and to Tell: The Craft of Literary Nonfiction|Make them laugh, make them cry, make them wait.
|The world needs to witness the best positive version of you, because being fake doesn't do the world any good.
Mensah Oteh|Appreciation and gratitude show your true wealth emotionally, spiritually and psychologically.
Alice Walker|People love me. And you know what, I have been very successful. Everybody loves me.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Laura never again came to the drugstore as long as I continued to work there.The next time I saw her, she was a wreck of a woman, notorious around black Roxbury, in and out of jail. She had finished high school, but by then she was already going the wrong way.Defying her grandmother, she had started going out late and drinking liquor.This led to dope, and that to selling herself to men. Learning to hate the men who bought her, she also became a Lesbian. One of the shames I have carried for years is that I blame myself for all of this.To have treated her as I did for a white woman made the blow doubly heavy.The only excuse I can offer is that like so many of my black brothers today, I was just deaf, dumb, and blind.
Kamand Kojouri|This is an ode to life.The anthem of the world.For as there are billionsof different stars thatmake up the skyso, too, are there billions of different humans thatmake up the Earth.Some shine brighter but all are made ofthe same cosmic dust.O the joy of beingin life with all these people!I speak of differencesbecause they are there.Like the different organsthat make up our bodies.Earth, itself, is one large body.Listen to how it howlswhen one human isin misery.When one kills another, the Earth feels the pang in itschest. When one orgasms, the Earth craves a cigarette.Look carefully,these animals are beauty spots that make the Earth’s face lovelier and more loveable.These oceans are the Earth’s limpid eyes. These trees, its hair.This is an ode to life.The anthem of the world.I will no longer speak of differences, for the similaritiesare larger. Look even closer. There may bedistances between our limbs butthere are no spaces betweenour hearts. We long to be one.We long to be in nature andto run wild with its wildlife.Let us celebrate life and living, for it is sacrilegious to be ungrateful.Let us play and be playful, for it is sacrilegiousto be serious.Let us celebrate imperfectionsand make existenceproud of us, for tomorrow isdeath, and this is an ode to life. The anthem of the world.
Verity Louise Marshall, Hard Money: The Naked Truth Behind the Red Light|If just one person has done it, it can be done. by V.L. Marshall
Ilchi Lee, Calligraphic Meditation for Everyday Happiness|If our minds are like a garden, then emotions are like the different flowers that bloom and wither in it all year round, according to the season. Emotions sometimes bring dynamism and significant change to our lives, but we must never be led around by them.
Reinhold Niebuhr, The Essential Reinhold Niebuhr: Selected Essays and Addresses|And one day we must ask the question, "Why are there forty million poor people in America?" And when you begin to ask that question, you are raising questions about the economic system, about a broader distribution of wealth. When you ask that question, you begin to question the capitalistic economy.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|These galleries are hung, mostly, with images from 'Frog and Toad,' and he moves from each to each, not really seeing them but rather remembering the experience of viewing them for the first time, in JB's studio, when he and Willem were new to each other, when he felt as if he was growing new body parts—a second heart, a second brain—to accommodate this excess of feeling, the wonder of his life.
Devin Murphy|I tried to make my life colorful with Red, Green and Blue....... ohh god... my perfection in blending made it white !!!
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|As we ride the elevator Gale finally says “You're still angry.”“And you're still not sorry,” I reply."I will stand by what I said. Do you want me to lie about it?” he asks.“No, I want you to rethink it and come up with the right opinion,” I tell him.
Robert M. Drake|She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.
Ellen J. Barrier|We don’t always choose our situation. But, we can always choose who we want to be in that situation.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Pure Love is detached, self-assured, self-poised, non-possessive and non-aggressive in nature. Yet, it is tremendously powerful to move the whole universe.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|If you’ve already worked in some capacity or done any internships, your contacts are everybody you’ve met in your work plus all your personal contacts. If you haven’t been employed yet, you still have plenty of contacts. “Take out your college yearbook,” says Wein. “Who sat next to you in class? Who do you know that’s gone into the field you’re interested in? You don’t have to know them well to put them on the list.” You’d also include any contacts your parents have, friends of your parents, people you met on family vacations, even kids you knew in summer camp.
Donna Lynn Hope|Someone once said that love is the closest thing to magic that this world has, but magic enchants, deceives and casts a spell.
Rashid Jorvee|Even if the heavy cloud fails to bring heavy rainfall, it cools the atmosphere
Donald Hall|As I grew older - collapsing into my seventies, glimpsing ahead the cliffs of the eighties, colliding into eighty-five - poetry abandoned me.
Margaret Fishback Powers|In that most burdensome moment of all human history, with blood appearing at every pore and an anguished cry upon His lips, Christ sought Him whom He had always sought—His Father. “Abba,” He cried, “Papa,” or from the lips of a younger child, “Daddy.” This is such a personal moment it almost seems a sacrilege to cite it. A Son in unrelieved pain, a Father His only true source of strength, both of them staying the course, making it through the night—together.
M.F. Moonzajer|Like the chosen Shulamite, there will be times when you too will be faced with crude assaults on your virtue, or with solicitations that will be naked attempts to cheapen your marriage. Being polite is one thing, but there comes a time. Even the peace-loving Jesus took a rope to those who disregarded the boundaries of his Father's house. Your house has boundaries too. Do what you must.pg 67
Debasish Mridha|For a leader, courage, love, and passion for service are the virtues of life.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Inspiration shouldn't respond to time, rather the other way around. Time must be altered to inspiration, "Timing is wrong" NO! Timing is never wrong. Sacrifice and the likes gets thrown in at this point.
Paul Cezanne|I remember the first time going to St. Jude. I didn't like going there because the children were ill, and it just broke my heart. It makes you test your religion when you see something like that. But the Lord doesn't want just old people. You know, He wants some young people, too, and good people. He takes care of them. He takes care of them.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The bottle of the creature cracks and dries up, but the well of the Creator never fails; happy is he who dwells at the well.
J. Limbu|The hour is only long thus, if you've waited.
Thomas Carlyle|Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
Guruji Naushir|If ours is an examined faith, we should be unafraid to doubt. If doubt is eventually justified, we were believing what clearly was not worth believing. But if doubt is answered, our faith has grown stronger. It knows God more certainly and it can enjoy God more deeply.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|This book is a story, and like all stories, it should be taken with a grain of salt.
douglas m laurent|Memories of lost love they do enpain,Fleeting images of what once was never again to gain.Hold tight those memories that slip through the mind,				To walk in those fields again with her—a dream divined.Oh to be with that lost Valkyrie forevermore again,To hold her hand delicate until the last world’s end.To be at peace once amore in deep loving soul,Husband to wife in embracing hold.			How he loved her so, but she was now gone,Leaf to the wind, heart tossed and tumbled torn.Memories like arrows stick deep—ohhh so deep,Shafts of pain and joy assail the soul’s lonely keep. --Angel-Heart, Ch. 22 Valley of the Damned
Taylor Keys|These scars that we have... they don't go away. They only fade with time, but they're still hauntingly there.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|If there is no justice in a country, who can claim that, that country is a country? An injustice country is just a rubbish bin!
C.S. Lewis|When she had first crossed the dry and dusty world which his mind inhabited she had been like a spring shower; in opening himself to it he had not been mistaken. He had gone wrong only in assuming that marriage, by itself, gave him either power or title to appropriate that freshness. As he now saw, one might as well have thought one could buy a sunset by buying the field from which one had seen it.
Maggie Nelson|72. It is easier, of course, to find dignity in one's solitude. Loneliness is solitude with a problem. Can blue solve the problem, or can it at least keep me company within it?—No, not exactly. It cannot love me that way; it has no arms. But sometimes I do feel its presence to be a sort of wink—Here you are again, it says, and so am I.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|I dreamed of you every night. It felt so real. And when I'd wake up the next morning, it was like your disappearance was fresh. Like you'd left me all over again.
Audrey Hepburn|When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over.
Alan Moore|To me, all creativity is magic. Ideas start out in the empty void of your head - and they end up as a material thing, like a book you can hold in your hand. That is the magical process. It's an alchemical thing. Yes, we do get the gold out of it but that's not the most important thing. It's the work itself.
Tamara Faith Berger, Maidenhead|My essay had evolved into thinking about fucking. You could be raped a thousand times and still be a virgin. I was writing about fucking by a master and fucking as a slave, about Hegel, the comfort women and teenage porno stars. Ms. Bain and Mr. Rotowsky could fail me, I didn’t care. I’d pass just with the bibliography. I was compiling a list of every single book I’d read or that I wanted to read that was about power and sex. High school should have a whole fucking course on just this. I was helping the school make curriculum…I was writing my essay, writing easily now. I didn’t have a reader anymore like Lee or Chris but I imagined that I was writing for them both. Maybe I was writing for anyone who could fucking stand me.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|Deep in her heart, she wasn't sure she deserved to be happy, nor did she believe that she was worthy of someone who seemed...normal.
J. Loren Norris|One thing is undeniably clear. We have all had bad experiences, we have all had tragedies in our lives which help to shape who we are.
Stefan Bachmann, Slasher Girls & Monster Boys|Stop it, Misha. Stop being so frightened of everything. But she couldn't stop. She carried fear with her like a little animal, curled in the nook behind her heart, and it whispered to her. You are weak, you are frightened, and you will never dare do anything at all.
Jane Hamilton, The Short History of a Prince|I hated longing. I hated it almost as much as I hated pining. It sapped the mind of good judgment, filled the heart with achiness, and distracted the vagina from other potential conquests.
Shilpa Menon|It's easy to make money, a lot tougher to make a difference
Mark Twain|As a dinner guest I gratefully eat just about anything that's set before me, because graciousness among friends is dearer to me than any other agenda.
Jules Verne, Michael Strogoff|In the course of time, Michael Strogoff reached a high station in the Empire. But it is not the history of his success, but the history of his trials, which deserves to be related.
Janna Graber, Chance Encounters: Travel Tales from Around the World|What I’ve learned in my travels is that people are more alike than they are different. Yes, I may have a different home or lifestyle than a mom living in Shanghai, but deep down we are still mothers who hope for the best in our children. I always find so much in common with those I meet on my travels – and that provides a genuine connection that cultural differences can’t erase.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|While parchment may burn and gold may be stained or melted down, the things that are truly important to us will never lose their value.
Donna Lynn Hope|The divorced Indian lady combines every fantasy about the liberated, wicked Western woman with the safety net of basic submissive familiarity.
Kate Beckinsale|What I have always liked about Brighton is its impersonality. Since the 18th century, people have come, used the place and gone home again.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|I know someone who has never been able to read _The Cuckoo Clock_ since leaving her girlhood home, because it had to be read sitting halfway up the stairs, where the light through a stained-glass landing window fell on it, staining the pages red and blue and green.
Arthur Japin, Een schitterend gebrek|Veel van wat aanvankelijk alleen in de verbeelding bestaat, wordt werkelijkheid.
Mehek Bassi|We need an enemy to give people hope. Someone said that patriotism is the last refuge of cowards: those without moral principles usually wrap a flag around themselves, and the bastards always talk about the purity of the race. National identity is the last bastion of the dispossessed. But the meaning of identity is now based on hatred, on hatred for those who are not the same. Hatred has to be cultivated as a civic passion. The enemy is the friend of the people. You always want someone to hate in order to feel justified in your own misery. Hatred is the primordial passion. It is love that’s abnormal.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|Our concept of truth becomes more universal as we reach higher levels of consciousness and awareness, taking in a wider spectrum of information and possibility. As we adapt a more expanded perspective on our reality, our concept of what is true and meaningful changes--from local to regional, regional to global, beyond global to the galaxy, and then to the cosmos.
Win Butler|I'm thankful for Sarah Palin's vice presidential bid, which taught us that Alaska is not in a box off the coast of California.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|We bask in the scent of cinnamon beforeMom puts a scone her plate.'His name is Rich,' she says.I select a scone too.'I like a man with an adjective for a name.
George Orwell, 1984|To know and not to know, to be conscious of complete truthfulness while telling carefully constructed lies, to hold simultaneously two opinions which cancelled out, knowing them to be contradictory and believing in both of them, to use logic against logic, to repudiate morality while laying claim to it, to believe that democracy was impossible and that the Party was the guardian of democracy, to forget whatever it was necessary to forget, then to draw it back into memory again at the moment when it was needed, and then promptly to forget it again: and above all, to apply the same process to the process itself -- that was the ultimate subtlety: consciously to induce unconsciousness, and then, once again, to become unconscious of the act of hypnosis you had just performed. Even to understand the word 'doublethink' involved the use of doublethink.
Ethan Allen|Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The divine arts; Humankind, Nature, Stars, Sun, Moon, Sea....!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When one bears suffering faithfully, God is glorified and honored.
Mitchell Baker|Don't give me any money, don't give me any people, but give freedom, and I'll give you a movie that looks gigantic.
Steve Earle|I'm a conservative, pro-life governor in a state where it is really tough to be both. A state like New Jersey, with lots of Democrats, but still we cut taxes, we balanced budgets. We fought the teacher's union.
Paolo Freire|The oppressor is solidary wit the oppressed only when he stops regarding the oppressed as an abstract category and sees them as persons who have been unjustly dealt with, deprived of their voice, cheated in the sale of their labor -- when he stops making pious, sentimental, and individualistic gestures and risks an act of love. True solidarity is found only in the plenitude of this act of love, in its existentiality, in its praxis. To affirm that men and women are persons and as persons should be free, and yet to do nothing tangible to make this affirmation a reality, is a farce.
John L. Parker Jr.|-The reason we race isn't so much to beat each other but to be with each other. -The Hopis consider running a form of prayer; they offer every step as a sacrifice to a loved one, and in return ask the Great Spirit to match their strength with some of his own.
Ray Bradbury|Or maybe he means in a richer world the begging population is melting away. But no to that too. So maybe, perhaps, he means there aren't many 'human beings' left to look, see, and understand well enough for one to ask and one to give. Everyone busy, running, jumping, there's no time to study one another. But I guess that's bilge and hogwash, slop and sentiment.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|For such a worldly, surly bastard, Bas had always been incredibly innocent. Always seen the best in people.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I don't mean to be rude—" he began, in a tone that threatened rudeness in every syllable."Yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly often," Dumbledore finished the sentence gravely.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|There is no model, no actress, no Miss America contender that can outshine a happy, confident, secure woman.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|Inside, the box was divided into tiered chambers, each with a lacquered lid, and these held a selection of ground and whole spices: sage, turmeric, cumin, ginger, mustard, cinnamon, asafetida, mace, cayenne, and cloves. I felt like an emperor receiving the treasures of a new country. The odor rising from the box was like a clambering vine wrapping itself thickly around my head, musky with the deep minerals of the earth and dusting my shoulders with a rainbow of pollen.
Shannon Hale|I joined the army to avenge the deaths of my family and to survive, but I've come to learn that if I am going to take revenge, in that process I will kill another person whose family will want revenge; then revenge and revenge and revenge will never come to an end...
Ane Krstevska|Hate is not the opposite of love but indifference. Art is beautiful; the opposite of it is indifference, not ugliness. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life it is indifference, not death.
Oscar Wilde|You will always be loved, and you will always be in love with love. A grande passion is the privilege of people who have nothing to do.
E.E. Cummings|Making new good memories -possible,Going back in your good memories -impossible,Do possible and don't think about impossible -happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Shine from within, your soul is your light.
Scott K. Edinger, The Hidden Leader: Discover and Develop Greatness Within Your Company|Intelligence is a mere means of building ones focus,it's knowledge,wisdom and understanding that is the factor that attributes to one achieving ones position in society to gain ones place to be a leader and a guide
C.D. Reiss, Jessica and Sharon|I will erase every memory of every man you have ever been with, good and bad.
Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil|Just as music is noise that makes sense, a painting is colour that makes sense, so a story is life that makes sense.
Preeti Bhonsle|The commendable thing about life is that it is always one step ahead of you, no matter how much you do or how little. So you can only expect that if you give your best, life will only give/be better.P.S – To say that attitude matters is trivial. To know that attitude matters is mandatory.
Brad Paisley|I always had boyfriends, but I never imagined a proposal or a wedding. To me, that was like having a ball and chain round your neck.
Steve Carell|The best food is in Chicago. There are great restaurants everywhere, from fancy places to burger joints.
Rachel McAdams|I think the most romantic thing you can do is just turn up. Turn up when it's difficult for you. Travel halfway around the world or just up the road. Whatever it is, just be there.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|Ramadan is not fasting. Ramadan is an Islamic feast where one stuffs oneself twice a day with food, and in between lets ones intestines dry out. To describe that process as 'fasting' seems rather ubiquitous to me. The amount of food transported into the body is probably exactly the same, but because of the dehydration the food is processed less effectively. As customs go, most customs are typically silly and Ramadan is no exception. I can accept such silliness when people keep it to themselves, but unfortunately one sees such a sharp rise in 'policing' others that even non Muslims are now experiencing violence because they are eating at daytime in the Ramadan period.
Thomas Jefferson|You and I are told we must choose between a left or right, but I suggest there is no such thing as a left or right. There is only an up or down. Up to man's age-old dream -- the maximum of individual freedom consistent with order --or down to the ant heap of totalitarianism. Regardless of their sincerity, their humanitarian motives, those who would sacrifice freedom for security have embarked on this downward path.
J.R. Moehringer|Edwards’s God was glorious, full of beauty, and seemingly uninterested in making people feel insecure. Edwards was a mystic, a man who didn’t simply write or preach about God, he experienced him.
Jim Henson|When single shines the triple sun,What was sundered and undoneShall be whole, the two made oneBy Gelfling hand, or else by none.
W. Bruce Cameron, Emory's Gift|Caught in the doldrums of August we may have regretted the departing summer, having sighed over the vanished strawberries and all that they signified. Now, however, we look forward almost eagerly to winter's approach. We forget the fogs, the slush, the sore throats an the price of coal, we think only of long evenings by lamplight, of the books which we are really going to read this time, of the bright shop windows and the keen edge of the early frosts.
Will Self|You know that sickening feeling of inadequacy and over-exposure you feel when you look upon your own empurpled prose? Relax into the awareness that this ghastly sensation will never, ever leave you, no matter how successful and publicly lauded you become. It is intrinsic to the real business of writing and should be cherished.
Brent M. Jones|There's my life, why not, it is one, if you like, if you must, I don't say no, this evening. There has to be one, it seems, once there is speech, no need of a story, a story is not compulsory, just a life, that's the mistake I made, one of the mistakes, to have wanted a story for myself, whereas life alone is enough.
Dave Gahan|I wanted to get out of Ashland, and I thought it would be pretty cool to go to school in the East. So I asked my guidance counselor what Ivy League schools were. And I applied to Harvard, Yale and Dartmouth - that was it. My guidance counselor told me I wouldn't get into an Ivy League school. So as my act of resistance, that's all I applied to.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|The backlash against feminism remains savage, strong, and omnipresent, but it is not winning. The world has changed profoundly, and it needs to change far more.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|The conflict between church teachings and natural desires results in guilt, shame and anger.
Lawrence Durrell, Justine|Art—the meaning of the pattern of our common actions in reality. The cloth-of-gold that hides behind the sackcloth of reality, forced out by the pain of human memory.
Charles   Phillips, The Sharpshooter 1862-1864|THE FIGHTING IN THE PEACH ORCHARD AT GETTYSBURGPROLOGUE"The same young men who crowded each other as they faced the recruiters' tables now crowded each other as they died.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|Thus she returned to the theme of ‘before,’ but in a different way than she had at first. She said that we didn’t know anything, either as children or now, that we were therefore not in a position to understand anything, that everything in the neighborhood, every stone or piece of wood, everything, anything you could name, was already there before us, but we had grown up without realizing it, without ever even thinking about it. Not just us. Her father pretended that there had been nothing before. Her mother did the same, my mother, my father, even Rino… <…> They didn’t know anything, they wouldn’t talk about anything. Not Fascism, not the king. No injustice, no oppression, no exploitation … And they thought that what had happened before was past and, in order to live quietly, they placed a stone on top of it, and so, without knowing it, they continued it, they were immersed in the things of before, and we kept them inside us, too.
Stephen King|If you wrote something for which someone sent you a cheque, if you cashed the cheque and it didn't bounce, and if you then paid the light bill with the money, I consider you talented.
Jack Iams, The French Touch|Life has always seemed to me like a restaurant,' said Peter. 'When you’re born, you come in and sit down...''Oh, my God,' said Brenda.'...and they show you the menu,' went on Peter, frowning at Brenda. 'And it’s a swell menu. It’s got everything on it. And they tell you that you can have anything you want, the rarest and tastiest and most wonderful dishes imaginable.''Who’s they?' asked Brenda.'They is a sort of waiter-cum-proprietor,' said Peter, 'and he represents organized society in the parable.''It’s a parable, is it?''Yes. So you study the menu and you pick out the dishes that appeal to you most. Some people pick more exotic viands than others, but everybody picks out something he thinks is swell and the waiter-cum-proprietor pats him on the back and says it’s an excellent choice. And you sit back and wait to be served. That represents the period of adolescence. ... Damn it, where was I?''You were adolescent.''So you sit and wait to be served your fondly chosen dish,' resumed Peter, 'and pretty soon the waiter comes in and what does he bring you? He brings you hash! "Hey," you say, "this isn’t what I ordered." "Oh isn’t it?" says the waiter who is no longer friendly. "Well, it’s what you’re gonna get." Now this is the important part. Some people meekly eat their hash. Some drown it with catsup and try to enjoy it.''I get it,' said Brenda. 'Those are the drunks.''But there are a few who say, "Goddamn it, I didn’t order hash and I don’t want hash and I won’t eat hash." They get out of their chairs and the waiter tries to push them back, but they say, "Get out of my way, who the hell are you?" And they fight their way into the kitchen while the waiter hollers and protests and there they find mountains and mountains of hash. But they keep looking around and pretty soon in odd corners of the kitchen they find the dishes they ordered, the rare and costly viands they had their hearts set on. And they eat ’em and they enjoy ’em and then they go out of the restaurant the same as the hash eaters do, but boy, they’ve dined!'He threw down his cigarette and stamped on it. 'That’s all,' he said. 'Thank you for your attention.''Who pays the bill?' asked George with interest.'I don’t know,' said Peter irritably. 'That would complicate the parable to the point of chaos.''Who did you say the waiter was?' asked George. 'Organized society?''That’s right. A pale flabby guy with a walrus mustache.''I don’t quite see it,' said George.'I do,' said Harriet, sitting up on the day bed. 'I see it. It’s beautiful.''It isn’t so bad at that,' said Brenda.'You’re damn right it’s not.
Debasish Mridha|It is difficult to live without judging others. If you have to judge, then judge with love.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|He looked down at her. "Have you found that peace?"Yes, she had. But it was so corny and cliched that she couldn't bring herself to admit it."A wise man once told me that peace has to come from within. We have to learn to like ourselves before we can find our place in the world.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I suddenly thought about my old girlfriend, the one I had first slept with in my third year of high school. Chills ran through me as I realized how badly I had treated her. I had hardly ever thought about her thoughts or feelings or the pain I had caused her. She was such a sweet and gentle thing, but at the time I had taken her sweetness for granted and later hardly gave her a second thought. What was she doing now? I wondered. And had she forgiven me?
M. Cochet M., LITTLE BLACK PIECES OF DYNAMITE INSIDE MY SKULL|We fall in love and let our minds fall apart..We let ourselves fall, and keep falling..Our minds are caught by one another, mixed up in a random puzzle, piece by piece put together into a different reality.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|It seems comfortable to sink down on a sofa in a corner, to look, to listen. Then it happens that two figures standing with their backs against the window appear against the branches of a spreading tree. With a shock of emotion one feels 'There are figures without features robed in beauty'. In the pause that follows while the ripples spread, the girl to whom one should be talking says to herself, 'He is old'. But she is wrong. It is not age; it is that a drop has fallen; another drop. Time has given the arrangement another shake. Out we creep from the arch of the currant leaves, out into a wider world. The true order of things – this is our perpetual illusion – is now apparent. Thus in a moment, in a drawing-room, our life adjusts itself to the majestic march of day across the sky.
Aaron Sorkin, The West Wing Script Book|God doesnt give you something, someone else is suppose to have.
Julianne Moore|I don't trust anybody that doesn't do good work. I don't give them any credibility. If they can't write, why should I believe anything they have to say?
Clive Barker, Absolute Midnight|Look,’ said Tyrena. ‘In twentieth-century Old Earth, a fast food chain took dead cow meat, fried it in grease, added carcinogens, wrapped it in petroleum-based foam, and sold nine hundred billion units. Human beings. Go figure.
Dada Bhagwan|Freedom from all types of pain and misery is the exact (proper) religion. It is exact (proper) religion when egoism departs and all ‘wrong beliefs’ go away. If the ‘wrong’ beliefs’ are there, true religion cannot be there.
Saint Teresa of Avila|I have eclectic taste, and I love vintage style mixed with glamour and old world charm.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|Gender isn’t simply some faucet that we can turn on and off in order to appease other people, whether they be heterosexist bigots or queerer-than-thou hipsters. How about this: Let’s stop pretending that we have all the answers, because when it comes to gender, none of us is fucking omniscient. Instead of trying to fictionalize gender, let’s talk about the moments in life when gender feels all too real. Because gender doesn’t feel like drag when you’re a young trans child begging your parents not to cut your hair or not to force you to wear that dress. And gender doesn’t feel like a performance when, for the first time in your life, you feel safe and empowered enough to express yourself in ways that resonate with you, rather than remaining closeted for the benefit of others. And gender doesn’t feel like a construct when you finally find that special person whose body, personality, identity, and energy feels like a perfect fit with yours. Let’s stop trying to deconstruct gender into nonexistence, and instead start celebrating it as inexplicable, varied, profound, and intricate.
Hilal Hamdaan|When two people love one another, they fight the world together, not each other "~ Levon Peter Poe
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I went on loving him just the same, and I could never be interested in anyone else.
John Geiger|A beautiful day begins with a beautiful mindset. Every day you wake up, think about what a privilege it is to simply be alive and healthy. Stop focusing on the negatives and everything that could go wrong and start thinking about what could go right. Better yet, think of everything that already is right. Be thankful for nights that turned into mornings, friends who turned into family and past dreams and goals that turned into realities. Use this mindset of positivity to fuel an even brighter today and tomorrow.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Do you know, the only people I can have a conversation with are the Jews? At least when they quote scripture at you they are not merely repeating something some priest has babbled in their ear. They have the great merit of disagreeing with nearly everything I say. In fact, they disagree with almost everything they say themselves. And most importantly, they don't think that shouting strengthens their argument.
T.O.P|But more importantly, know I love you more than I can say with simple words. Poets have attempted for centuries to find the perfect combination, and I don’t imagine I shall have more luck than they.
John Stoker, Overcoming Fake Talk: How to Hold Real Conversations That Create Respect, Build Relationships, and Get Results|I told you from the very beginning that it was a story about choices – wise choices, foolish choices, small yet momentous choices – for with choices come change, and with change comes opportunity , and both change and opportunity are the very cutting edge of the power of chaos. And yet as the undying ones know and the humans too often forget, even chaos cannot overcome the power of choice.
J. Matthew Nespoli|Music eliminates my gravity. When I'm singing, I'm a ravenous pterodactyl. I'm alive and free and hungry, and I know who I am. But the flood is coming; it's weighing me down, making me prisoner to my loneliness and pain.-character Joanna (Broken)
Jack Vance, The Demon Princes, Volume One: The Star King, The Killing Machine, The Palace of Love|Abbey," Sarah said, "life is to be lived. If you're living, you're going to stumble along the way.""All the time?" Abigail lept to her feet and began to pace. "I have such a bad temper and when I was in my teens, I wasn't above using my gift for revenge. None of you did that."Joley slowly raised her hand, sliding down in the chair as she did so. Hannah followed suit, though she didn't look in the least remorseful. Sarah shrugged her shoulders and raised her hand and glared at Elle, who just grinned sheepishly and put up a couple of fingers. Carol tossed her head and waved her arm with gusto.
Christa Wolf, City of Angels or Overcoat of Dr. Freud|The real question is: How sturdy and solid is the floor our civilization stands on? How many lives with no prospects, shattered and senseless, can it bear the weight of before it cracks somewhere or other, splits at the joints?
Derek Walcott|The genius of vinyl is that it allows - commands! - us to put our fingerprints all over that history: to blend and chop and reconfigure it, mock and muse upon it, backspin and skip through it.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress|For to speak the truth, there are but few that care thus to spend their time, but choose rather to be speaking of things to no profit.
Paul Tillich, Dynamics of Faith|Faith as the state of being ultimately concerned implies love, namely, the desire and urge toward the reunion of the seperated.
Anne Bishop|The 1 to 2 billion poorest in the world, who don't have food for the day, suffer from the worst disease: globalization deficiency. The way globalization is occurring could be much better, but the worst thing is not being part of it. For those people, we need to support good civil societies and governments.
Donna Grant, Dark Heat: The Dark Kings Stories|Aye, I loved you. I love you still. I'll always love you.
Ross  Turner, Reaper|Marcii hoped she was wrong, though she knew the odds were slim.Still, in the face of everything, there is always hope.
Norman Mailer|When you realise that money doesn't actually make you happy, it's a quick fix to have things you've always wanted, but then when you have it, you realise that's not what actually makes you happy. It's more about having a great marriage and happy children; that's what life's all about.
Christina Hoff Sommers, Who Stole Feminism?: How Women Have Betrayed Women|Truth brought to public light recruits the best of us to work for change. On the other hand, even the best-intentioned "noble lie" ultimately discredits the finest of causes.
Jennie Allen, Anything: The Prayer That Unlocked My God and My Soul|Prayer, divine act.Pray always.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|When you face tests and persecution don’t complain, but remember that everything works together for good for those who love God
Ali Smith|My head, something happened to its insides. It was as if a storm at sea happened, but only for a moment, and only on the inside of my head. My ribcage, something definitely happened there. It was as if it unknotted itself from itself, like the hull of a ship hitting rock, giving way, and the ship that I was opened up inside me and in came the ocean.He was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my life.But he looked really like a girl.She was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every great dream, meet an opposing views.The certainty within our spirit made the dream reality.
Debasish Mridha|When life presents you with a problem, have the courage, find the solution and become bigger than the problem.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Before you ask God to bless you, give Him a reason to.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|Who says you need to wait until you 'feel like' doing something in order to start doing it? The problem, from this perspective, isn't that you don't feel motivated; it's that you imagine you need to feel motivated. If you can regard your thoughts and emotions about whatever you're procrastinating on as passing weather, you'll realise that your reluctance about working isn't something that needs to be eradicated or transformed into positivity. You can coexist with it. You can note the procrastinatory feelings and act anyway.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|In the sea of my emotions, his presence is like a pearl in the oyster. Very hard to locate, yet very precious and still beautiful.
James Riley, Half Upon a Time|A red leaf danced from a branch like a dropping flame, down into the calm blue lake. A gust had broken it free. There was a cold bite in the wind. It was now deep autumn in the mountains.
Onyi Anyado|I am sensitive soul; I feel with the moon, I use to be judged for my indifference, now I see their all just hiding behind false truths.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|No thanks…Dodo, was it? I don’t know if I can watch you have performance problems twice in ten days.
Dylan Tomine, Closer to the Ground: An Outdoor Family's Year on the Water, in the Woods and at the Table|I am the rain, when I'm on math I make the day horrible that's why the day is horrible, that's why I don't go outside.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Alecto, do you think we have fallen from heaven, or do you think we are falling towards it?
William Paul Young|When we three spoke ourselves into human existences the Son of God, we became fully human. We also chose to embrace all the limitation that this entailed. Even though we have always been present in this created universe, we now became flesh and blood. It would be like this bird (a jay), whose nature it is to fly, choosing to only walk and remain grounded. He doesn't stop being a bird, but it does alter his experience of life significantly.
Tracey-anne McCartney, A Carpet of Purple Flowers|He that asks me what heaven is, means not to hear me, but to silence me; He knows I cannot tell him; when I meet him there, I shall be able to tell him, and then he will be as able to tell me; yet then we shall be but able to tell one another, this, this that we enjoy is heaven, but the tongues of angels, the tongues of glorified saints, shall not be able to express what that heaven is; for, even in heaven our faculties shall be finite.
Elizabeth George, Beautiful in God's Eyes: The Treasures of the Proverbs 31 Woman|Just as mental toughness and physical energy are the primary traits of an army, they also mark God's beautiful woman.
Allan Amanyire|African despots are all the same, they think they can wake up one morning and create themselves a Kingdom and rule over it and pass it over to their children and grandchildren. They don't get one thing you can't be a descendant of a title less class, with no trace of royal DNA and just subject yourself to people.
Luffina Lourduraj|When people tell you that you are good for nothing, remember that God made the world from nothing and nothing can change into something anytime.
Kirsten Lobe, Paris Hangover|Paris is a hard place to leave, even when it rains incessantly and one coughs continually from the dampness.
David Weber, Crown of Slaves|Sometimes in life, you do things you don’t want to. Sometimes you sacrifice, sometimes you compromise. Sometimes you let go and sometimes you fight. It’s all about deciding what’s worth losing and what’s worth keeping.
Jill Shalvis|Ugh. You’re being . . . you.”“Was that in English?”“This is all your fault.”“Nope. Definitely not English.”“You’re being all hot and sexy, dammit,” she said. She banged her head on his chest a few times. “And I can’t seem to . . . not notice said hotness and sexiness.
Curtis Jackson|In my 20s, as I began to travel in Europe, I found comfort in religious paintings. Even though my own belief in Catholic dogma had been shaken and weakened, I found that the beauty and the richness of the art still held me.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|Because you have no memory for things that happened ten or twenty years ago, you're still mouthing the same nonsense as two thousand years ago. Worse, you cling with might and main to such absurdities as 'race,' 'class,' 'nation,' and the obligation to observe a religion and repress your love.
Daisaku Ikeda|I am a disaster magnet. I came home from our first anniversary vacation with jellyfish stings, a puncture wound from a wrought iron pineapple and a cork-shaped bruise in my cleavage.
Eduardo Galeano|If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
Ryan Zinke|When Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence, declaring that all men were created equal, he owned slaves. Women couldn't vote. But, throughout history, our abolitionists, suffragettes, and civil rights leaders called on our nation, in reality, to live up to the nation's professed ideals in that Declaration.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Please don't trouble yourself with my scars. At least not right now, OK?
Sunday Adelaja|The Word of God gives power, authority and abundant life to a man.
Georg Büchner, Woyzeck|We do not have too much pain in this life, we have too little... Because through pain we arrive at God. We are death, dust, ashes... how should we complain?
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|Of course the thinking mind must sooner or later be controlled, developed, and supplied with the force of will for a break-through to non-thinking, a direct experience of non-duality. But at what stage?
Niki Taylor|My dad, who was a teacher, used to tell me that a teacher's goal should be for every one of their students to get an A. If that's your goal every day - to make every student or player learn - then it doesn't matter if you won last year or didn't win. When next year's team shows up, I try to help every player become as good as they can be.
Patrick Hamilton, The Slaves of Solitude|Beds aren't for sleeping, and clothes aren't for bed.
Foundation for Inner Peace, A course in miracles: Text, Vol. 1|T-4.I.2. Many stand guard over their ideas because they want to protect their thought systems as they are, and learning means change. Change is always fearful to the separated, because they cannot conceive of it as a move towards healing the separation. They always perceive it as a move toward further separation, because the separation was their first experience of change.
Grats|Prayer is the best resort and God will guide you to feel beautiful moments even if you're weak or strong, bury your soul into the arms of the love of God.
Jeff Greene|The real truth is that the Obama administration is professional at bullying, as we have witnessed with ACORN at work during the presidential campaign. It seems to me they are sending down their bullies to create fist fights among average American citizens who don't want a government-run health care plan forced upon them.
Marcel Proust|This was to say, however, that she did not long, at times, for some even greater variation, that she did not pass through those abnormal hours in which one thirsts for something different from what one has, when those people who, through lack of energy or imagination, are unable to generate any motive power in themselves, cry out, as the clock strikes or the postman knocks, in their eagerness for news (even if it be bad news), for some emotion (even that of grief); when the heartstrings, which prosperity has silenced, like a harp laid by, yearn to be plucked and sounded again by some hand, even a brutal hand, even if it shall break them; when the will, which has with such difficulty brought itself to subdue to its impulse, to renounce its right to abandon itself to its own uncontrolled desires, and consequent sufferings, would fain cast its guiding reins into the hands of circumstances, coercive and, it may be, cruel.
Lillian Faderman, Surpassing the Love of Men: Romantic Friendship and Love Between Women from the Renaissance to the Present|Education continued to come under particularly strong fire...: If women learned how to manage in the world as well as men, if they learned about history and politics and studied for a profession, of course they would soon be demanding a voice and a role outside the home. The medical doctors soon discovered that education was dangerous to a female's health.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Today is one of those excellent January partly cloudies in which light chooses an unexpected part of the landscape to trick out in gilt, and then the shadow sweeps it away. You know you’re alive. You take huge steps, trying to feel the planet’s roundness arc between your feet.
Clive Davis|My mother and father met at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. He was a senior and she was a junior, and their marriage didn't last very long.
Fred and George Weasley|Harry Potter mustn't be angry... Dobby hoped... if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him... Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir...
J. Paul Getty, How to Be Rich|The great Bonaventure said that the wise must enhance conceptual clarity with the truth implicit in the actions of the simple....""Like the chapter of Perugia and the learned memories of Ubertino, which transform into theological decisions the summons of the simple to poverty." I said."Yes, but as you have seen, this happens too late, and when it happens, the truth of the simple has already been transformed into the truth of the powerful, more useful for the Emperor Louis than for a Friar of the Poor Life.
Robert Penn Warren|I am not afraid to die because I know heaven is a place of artists, musicians and poets
Mitchell Beazley|And who thought it was a good idea to rent bicycles to Italian adolescent language students? If hell did exist, which Jackson was sure it did, it would be governed by a committee of fifteen-year-old Italian boys on bikes.
Guy Kawasaki|We feel a lot of pressure about looking silly or appearing weak, whatever that means, or being a failure. You have to keep in your head: what's the worst that can happen?
Charles Sanders Peirce|It is the man of science, eager to have his every opinion regenerated, his every idea rationalized, by drinking at the fountain of fact, and devoting all the energies of his life to the cult of truth, not as he understands it, but as he does not yet understand it, that ought properly to be called a philosopher.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|People like to be listened to, as every researcher knows – every researcher, every writer, every spy.
André Aciman|I realised that one might love him secretly with no hope of encouragement, which can be very enjoyable for the young or inexperienced.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always listen to your conscience. If your conscience conflicts with your faith, question everything.
Noah Munck|The facilities are amazing here in McLaren. If you compare them to Sauber, who have good facilities in Formula 1, it's another level. But in terms of the people, the way they approach their jobs, is really amazing when you come into McLaren. The emphasis they have is very good and it gives you a big boost when you drive for this team.
Richard Marcus|That’s what artists and athletes do day in and day out. Whether you see them at work or not the process is ongoing. They are working to achieve their heart’s desire to either enlighten or entertain anyone who cares to watch or listen. Some of them achieve glory but others just do it because they love to and they are driven to.When something, anything, interferes with that desire, their sense of self is jeopardized and they have to struggle to hang on to their identity. That’s the real cost involved in producing a painting, writing a novel, or hitting over .300 for the season.
Aleister Crowley, The Complete Astrological Writings|Amy hated--hated--the way the grown-ups her parents had surrounded themselves with were so quick to offer prayers and so low to actually do anything. Old women who barely left the house for anything but bingo and congratulated themselves on never drinking alcohol or saying dirty words, thinking God created humans to stay home and watch televangelists and just run out the clock until the day they die. Well, Amy figured you don't need more than five minutes on this planet to figure out that one thing we know about God--maybe the only thing--is that he favors those who act. David also believed that, through he didn't realize it.
Benjamin Disraeli|There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|Of the things we fashioned for them that they might be comforted, dawn is the one that works.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|But it ain't easy, trying to do without God even if you know he ain't there, trying to do without him is a strain
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Where there is desire, the means to fulfill it are endless.
Colin Morgan|I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Lee Smith, On Agate Hill|God may forgive you if He chooses, but not I. Au revoir.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|Happy the writer who, passing by characters that are boring, disgusting, shocking in their mournful reality, approaches characters that manifest the lofty dignity of man, who from the great pool of daily whirling images has chosen only the rare exceptions, who has never once betrayed the exalted turning of his lyre, nor descended from his height to his poor, insignificant brethren, and, without touching the ground, has given the whole of himself to his elevated images so far removed from it. Twice enviable is his beautiful lot: he is among them as in his own family; and meanwhile his fame spreads loud and far. With entrancing smoke he has clouded people's eyes; he has flattered them wondrously, concealing what is mournful in life, showing them a beautiful man. Everything rushes after him, applauding, and flies off following his triumphal chariot. Great world poet they name him, soaring high above all other geniuses in the world, as the eagle soars above the other high fliers. At the mere mention of his name, young ardent hearts are filled with trembling, responsive tears shine in all eyes...No one equals him in power--he is God! But such is not the lot, and other is the destiny of the writer who has dared to call forth all that is before our eyes every moment and which our indifferent eyes do not see--all the stupendous mire of trivia in which our life in entangled, the whole depth of cold, fragmented, everyday characters that swarm over our often bitter and boring earthly path, and with the firm strength of his implacable chisel dares to present them roundly and vividly before the eyes of all people! It is not for him to win people's applause, not for him to behold the grateful tears and unanimous rapture of the souls he has stirred; no sixteen-year-old girl will come flying to meet him with her head in a whirl and heroic enthusiasm; it is not for him to forget himself in the sweet enchantment of sounds he himself has evoked; it is not for him, finally, to escape contemporary judgment, hypocritically callous contemporary judgment, which will call insignificant and mean the creations he has fostered, will allot him a contemptible corner in the ranks of writers who insult mankind, will ascribe to him the quality of the heroes he has portrayed, will deny him heart, and soul, and the divine flame of talent. For contemporary judgment does not recognize that equally wondrous are the glasses that observe the sun and those that look at the movement of inconspicuous insect; for contemporary judgment does not recognize that much depth of soul is needed to light up the picture drawn from contemptible life and elevate it into a pearl of creation; for contemporary judgment does not recognize that lofty ecstatic laughter is worthy to stand beside the lofty lyrical impulse, and that a whole abyss separates it from the antics of the street-fair clown! This contemporary judgment does not recognize; and will turn it all into a reproach and abuse of the unrecognized writer; with no sharing, no response, no sympathy, like a familyless wayfarer, he will be left alone in the middle of the road. Grim is his path, and bitterly he will feel his solitude.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|A student to teacher: “I am so alone; I don’t know what to do?” Teacher: “Do not worry about being alone, we always come alone and go alone. In a very sweet accident, we meet others who are alone and start to be part of them in various forms of relationships such as friends, husband, wife, mother, father, sister and so on. So, life is about sharing a moment together, not thinking as if you are alone.
Shay Dawkins, iSin: Upgrade To Life Version 2.0|Everything has happened, is happening, and will happen FOR YOU (if you BELIEVE and ACTIVELY LIVE by this mentality)!
Demi Lovato|Successful people maintain a positive focus in life no matter what is going on around them. They stay focused on their past successes rather than their past failures, and on the next action steps they need to take to get them closer to the fulfillment of their goals rather than all the other distractions that life presents to them.
Nadim Gavandi|I wish to see an embracing of differences.A way to bridge ourselves to others without loss of identity.There should be a school of thought.that see's the furthest horizon without fear of a burning sun.Let us have a new design for our sun away from that old one.The sun that can blind and bake and burn friendships.And make it a light that can bring each other out of the dark.I wish to see the star's shine overhead.Shine the light of better dreams into the sleeping many.And when they wake let them remember those dreams.Those dreams of a realm of men lived in unity among all men.Those dreams of giving without want and helping without cost.- From " No Bullshit
Arun Kolatkar, Jejuri|When you hear her say,'What else can an old woman doon hills as wretched as these?'You look right at the sky,Clear through the bullet holes she has for eyes.And you look onthe cracks that begin around her eyesspread beyond her skinAnd the hills crack.And the temples crack.And the sky falls with a plateglass clatter around the shatter proof cronewho stands alone.And you are reducedto so much small changein her hand.
Julie Garwood, Honor's Splendour|I've just vowed my love for you. Have you nothing to say in return?" Duncan asked."Thank you, husband.
Marilynne Robinson|There is a saying that to understand is to forgive, but that is an error, so Papa used to say. You must forgive in order to understand. Until you forgive, you defend yourself against the possibility of understanding. ... If you forgive, he would say, you may indeed still not understand, but you will be ready to understand, and that is the posture of grace.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|We knew that Cecilia had killed herself because she was a misfit, because the beyond called to her, and we knew that her sisters, once abandoned, felt her calling from that place, too. 
Sarah Dessen|How you feel about marrying me?" he asked in my ear.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|It's a commonly expressed and rather nice, romantic notion that we are all "sisters" and "brot
Chuck Palahniuk|The Almighty has plans for us to make a place so we can go on and make a difference. It all has to do with my faith; I am deeply religious. It goes back to my roots, to my mom and my dad.
James Patterson, Angel|The weird, weird thing about devastating loss is that life actually goes on. When you're faced with a tragedy, a loss so huge that you have no idea how you can live through it, somehow, the world keeps turning, the seconds keep ticking.
Hugh Ross|It's important to have a healthy balanced diet but not to get too bogged down about it. It's important to enjoy your food, too.
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|Too much stress cannot be laid...upon the admonition that we seek so far as possible to live in the lives of other people. By sharing in the misfortunes of others, and rejoicing in their happiness, you add to your own emotional serenity and stability.
Beth Ditto|We all have somebody that sits down at the Thanksgiving table and says the most outrageous things, and you're doin' the dishes with your sister, and you're like, 'Omigod, can you believe she said that?'
Maximus Tyrius, The Dissertations of Maximus Tyrius, Volume 1|After this manner conceive that a flatterer differs from a friend: for it often happens to both that they engage in the same employments and the same associations; but the one differs from the other in use, in the end, and in the disposition of the soul: for the friend considers that which appears to him to be good to belong also in common to his friend; and, whether this proves to be painful or pleasant, he partakes equally of it with him; but the flatterer, following his own desires, conducts the association to his own advantage. The friend desires an equality of good, the flatterer his own private good. The one aspires after equal honour in virtue, the other after superiority in pleasure. The one in conversation desires an equal freedom of speech, the other servile submission. The one loves truth in association, the other deception; and the one looks to future emolument, but the other to present delight. The one requires to be reminded of his good actions, the other wishes them to be involved in oblivion. The one takes care of the possessions of his friend, as of things common, the other destroys them, as being the property of another. The company of a friend in prosperity is most opportune, and in calamity is most equal; but a flatterer can never be satiated with prosperity, and in adversity he is never to be seen. Friendship is laudable, flattery detestable; for friendship attends to equality of retribution, but this flattery mutilates: for he who pays servile attention to another through indigence, that his wants may be supplied, so far as he does not receive an equal submission in return, will reprobate the inequality. A friend, when his friendship is concealed, is unhappy; on the contrary, a flatterer is miserable when is flattery is not concealed. Friendship when tried is strengthened, flattery is confuted, by time. Friendship requires not to be corroborated by advantage, but flattery cannot subsist without profit; and if men have any communion with the divinities, the pious man is a friend to divinity, but the superstitious is a flatterer of divinity; and the pious man is blessed, but the superstitious is miserable.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark; and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|Exactly. That's what's been happening here for the past ten thousand years: You've been doing what you damn well please with the world. And of course you mean to go right on doing what you damn well please with it, because the whole damn thing belongs to you.
Edmund Burke|A President needs political understanding to run the government, but he may be elected without it.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Lovability — the capacity to earn genuine, heartfelt love and loyalty from customers — is the secret ingredient that propels a select few organizations ahead and leads not only to consistent growth and profitability but sustainable happiness for everyone involved.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Sufism, in one definition, "is" human life.
Thomas J. Watson|I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|If you do not forgive, you are demanding something your offender does not choose to give, even if it is only confession of what he did. This "ties" him to you and ruins boundaries. Let the dysfunctional family you came from go. Cut it loose, and you will be free.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|For if in careless summer daysIn groves of Ashtaroth we whored,Repentant now, when winds blow cold,We kneel before our rightful lord;The lord of all, the money-god,Who rules us blood and hand and brain,Who gives the roof that stops the wind,And, giving, takes away again;Who spies with jealous, watchful care,Our thoughts, our dreams, our secret ways,Who picks our words and cuts our clothes,And maps the pattern of our days;Who chills our anger, curbs our hope,And buys our lives and pays with toys,Who claims as tribute broken faith,Accepted insults, muted joys;Who binds with chains the poet’s wit,The navvy’s strength, the soldier’s pride,And lays the sleek, estranging shieldBetween the lover and his bride.
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|What did we talk about?I don't remember. We talked so hard and sat so still that I got cramps in my knee. We had too many cups of tea and then didn't want to leave the table to go to the bathroom because we didn't want to stop talking. You will think we talked of revolution but we didn't. Nor did we talk of our own souls. Nor of sewing. Nor of babies. Nor of departmental intrigue. It was political if by politics you mean the laboratory talk that characters in bad movies are perpetually trying to convey (unsuccessfully) when they Wrinkle Their Wee Brows and say (valiantly--dutifully--after all, they didn't write it) "But, Doctor, doesn't that violate Finagle's Constant?" I staggered to the bathroom, released floods of tea, and returned to the kitchen to talk. It was professional talk. It left my grey-faced and with such concentration that I began to develop a headache. We talked about Mary Ann Evans' loss of faith, about Emily Brontë's isolation, about Charlotte Brontë's blinding cloud, about the split in Virginia Woolf's head and the split in her economic condition. We talked about Lady Murasaki, who wrote in a form that no respectable man would touch, Hroswit, a little name whose plays "may perhaps amuse myself," Miss Austen, who had no more expression in society than a firescreen or a poker. They did not all write letters, write memoirs, or go on the stage. Sappho--only an ambiguous, somewhat disagreeable name. Corinna? The teacher of Pindar. Olive Schriener, growing up on the veldt, wrote on book, married happily, and ever wrote another. Kate Chopin wrote a scandalous book and never wrote another. (Jean has written nothing.). There was M-ry Sh-ll-y who wrote you know what and Ch-rl-tt- P-rk-ns G-lm-an, who wrote one superb horror study and lots of sludge (was it sludge?) and Ph-ll-s Wh--tl-y who was black and wrote eighteenth century odes (but it was the eighteenth century) and Mrs. -nn R-dcl-ff- S-thw-rth and Mrs. G--rg- Sh-ld-n and (Miss?) G--rg-tt- H-y-r and B-rb-r- C-rtl-nd and the legion of those, who writing, write not, like the dead Miss B--l-y of the poem who was seduced into bad practices (fudging her endings) and hanged herself in her garter. The sun was going down. I was blind and stiff. It's at this point that the computer (which has run amok and eaten Los Angeles) is defeated by some scientifically transcendent version of pulling the plug; the furniture stood around unknowing (though we had just pulled out the plug) and Lady, who got restless when people talked at suck length because she couldn't understand it, stuck her head out from under the couch, looking for things to herd. We had talked for six hours, from one in the afternoon until seven; I had at that moment an impression of our act of creation so strong, so sharp, so extraordinarily vivid, that I could not believe all our talking hadn't led to something more tangible--mightn't you expect at least a little blue pyramid sitting in the middle of the floor?
Martha Beck|You had to make your choice between survival and efficiency, though in the long run survival was optimum efficiency, no matter how much time and effort it took.
Natalie Cole|My dad gave me the gene to enjoy cooking, and to enjoy consuming good food and wine.
Dr. Seuss, Green Eggs and Ham|I lurched away from the table after a few hours feeling like Elvis in Vegas - fat, drugged, and completely out of it.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|Home was wherever they were together, and it felt good.
William Gibson|He made sure his tone remained casual. He was trying to keep his son unaware of the encroaching alien invasion for as long as he could, be it another day or another hour. Once innocence was lost it was never regained.So he took his son fishing and strolled along the river and pretended as though the galaxy wasn’t on fire.
Lisa Renee Jones, Escaping Reality|Stay on my six, he said, nuzzling the hair at her ear and breathing deeply the sweet scent of her.You remember what that is, right?It's your ass.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|When her doctor took her bandages off and led her into the garden, the girl who was no longer blind saw “the tree with the lights in it.” It was for this tree I searched through the peach orchards of summer, in the forests of fall and down winter and spring for years. Then one day I was walking along Tinker creek and thinking of nothing at all and I saw the tree with the lights in it. I saw the backyard cedar where the mourning doves roost charged and transfigured, each cell buzzing with flame. I stood on the grass with the lights in it, grass that was wholly fire, utterly focused and utterly dreamed. It was less like seeing that like being for the first time see, knocked breathless by a powerful glance. The flood of fire abated, but I’m still spending the power. Gradually the lights went out in the cedar, the colors died, the cells un-flamed and disappeared. I was still ringing. I had been my whole life a bell and never knew it until at that moment I was lifted and struck. I have since only very rarely seen the tree with the lights in it. The vision comes and goes, mostly goes, but I live for it, for the moment the mountains open and a new light roars in spate through the crack, and the mountains slam.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|I thought the morning would bring change. But I should have known that it doesn't take that long for change to happen - it takes a second. A moment. In a single breath, reality as you know it can simply fall away.
Oscar Wilde|We are each our own devil, and we make this world our hell.
Harold Ramis|Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
Nazim Ambalath|Life...is like the chameleon, changing colour all the time.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Love is 100% percent practical, oral performance is an ultimate turn-off, whether you like it or not.
Debasish Mridha|The greatest investment in life is the investment of unconditional love, as a profit you will get the greatest gift of life: happiness.
Guy Laliberte|I wanted to be a musician, either a guitarist or a drummer. I guess my dreams were in the entertainment industry, and I landed somewhere along there.
Barney Stinson|Jesus waited three days to come back to life. It was perfect! If he had only waited one day, a lot of people wouldn't have even heard he died. They'd be all, "Hey Jesus, what up?" and Jesus would probably be like, "What up? I died yesterday!" and they'd be all, "Uh, you look pretty alive to me, dude..." and then Jesus would have to explain how he was resurrected, and how it was a miracle, and the dude'd be like "Uhh okay, whatever you say, bro..." And he's not gonna come back on a Saturday. Everybody's busy, doing chores, workin' the loom, trimmin' the beard, NO. He waited the perfect number of days, three. Plus it's Sunday, so everyone's in church already, and they're all in there like "Oh no, Jesus is dead", and then BAM! He bursts in the back door, runnin' up the aisle, everyone's totally psyched, and FYI, that's when he invented the high five. That's why we wait three days to call a woman, because that's how long Jesus wants us to wait.... True story.
Terry Pratchett, Thud!|Sybil’s female forebears had valiantly backed up their husbands as distant embassies were besieged, had given birth on a camel or in the shade of a stricken elephant, had handed around the little gold chocolates while trolls were trying to break into the compound, or had merely stayed at home and nursed such bits of husbands and sons as made it back from endless little wars.  The result was a species of woman who, when duty called, turned into solid steel.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|You're dressed for dancing," she said in her throaty stage voice. "Being undressed for dancing occured to me, but I didn't think Merris would like it.
David J. Vaughan|The President and the Congress are all very well in their way. They can say what they think they think, but it rests with the Supreme Court to decide what they have really thought.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Worrying about what happened on Monday, or, what might happen on Wednesday, is at the expense of one’s Tuesday.
Maya Angelou|Liberty is a great celestial Goddess, strong, beneficent, and austere, and she can never descend upon a nation by the shouting of crowds, nor by arguments of unbridled passion, nor by the hatred of class against class.
Saleem Haddad, Guapa|I was finished with assuming the best intentions of those who abandoned me, done trying to assuage my loneliness in barren places.
Frank Bruno|Boethius moved from considering history from the actor's point of view to a "timeless" eternal view. From the divine perspective, nothing is ever utterly lost, because all of life is possessed by God in the eternal now. Though time was gnawing away at Boethius and stealing all he valued, God was beyond time and loss. Gaining this philosophical vantage allowed the last Roman to become one of the first men of the Middle Ages.
Derek Keck|Is the ash in trees, babies, flowers, and visions of Godbetter than the visions themselves? Then you think,none of this is tangible or concrete. So you have another cigaretteand think about the (not one) but many ghosts you keep tucked away,under sheets, under beds, in notes, within other ghosts.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Your first druggy relationship is a rite of passage. A learning experience with a curve. After that one, the next one, if there is a next one, will be a decision. You will know just what you are getting into.
William Shakespeare|The connection to place, to the land, the wind, the sun, stars, the moon... it sounds romantic, but it's true - the visceral experience of motion, of moving through time on some amazing machine - a few cars touch on it, but not too many compared to motorcycles. I always felt that any motorcycle journey was special.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|When we decided to have Julie, I couldn’t carry her. We sat down and the hard numbers stared back at us. I made twice as much as Fern. We wouldn’t have been able to feed ourselves, let alone another mouth, if I’d been the one to hold her. And so we both went for the operation, and they took eggs from the two of us and made them one. And then I squeezed Fern’s hand when she went into the theatre, and when she came out again they’d put it inside her. And sheltered by her body, the one cell that was us divided and became two, and then three, and then four hundred million, and then they divided into parts. Lungs, heart, brain, mouth. And finally, when she was ready, Julie divided from Fern and there were three of us.
Howard Fast, April Morning|I am a man of peace [so he told Mother, but it always appeared to me that he was the most belligerent man of peace I had ever encountered]
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|I remembered the old doctor, - "It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals, on the spot." I felt I was becoming scientifically interesting.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are working with no vision to be own your own boss, you are no different from people who are unemployed
Marcel Proust|The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage|If he can't handle you at your worst then he does not deserve you at your best. Real love means seeing beyond the words spoken out of pain, and instead seeing a person's soul.
Summerlyn Guthrie|We all have the same root, and are connected...To tap into this connectedness we must go within.
Howard Gardner, Intelligence Reframed: Multiple Intelligences for the 21st Century|While we may continue to use the wordssmart and stupid, and while IQ tests may persist for certain purposes, the monopolyof those who believe in a single general intelligence has come to an end. Brain scientists and geneticists are documentingthe incredible differentiation of human capacities, computer programmers are creating systems that are intelligent in different ways, and educators are freshly acknowledging that their students have distinctive strengths and weaknesses.
Tom Waits|When I was growing up, I don't remember being told that America was created so that everyone could get rich. I remember being told it was about opportunity and the pursuit of happiness. Not happiness itself, but the pursuit.
Ram Dass|When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time; one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.
Leymah Gbowee|I think we need the feminine qualities of leadership, which include attention to aesthetics and the environment, nurturing, affection, intuition and the qualities that make people feel safe and cared for.
Sarah Dunn|She never got a chance to fall out of love, to do it properly, slowly and thoroughly, and the result was he was like a phantom limb. Gone but still there. And like a true phantom limb, the preponderance of feelings associated with him were painful.
rmw|The words come out of my mouth, but they don’t sound like me. I don’t sound like me. Probably because I know it’s all lies. But I can see that they’re lies that Reeve believes. He swallows them whole. His eyes go blank. Empty. He completely shuts down.
Na, I'll Be Seeing You|I sat taller, to suppress my impatience. It was infuriating, this waiting. I was thirty-seven years old. And like a child, an infant, really, I was at the mercy of others. Hour after hour of my life was spent waiting.
Nicolas Chamfort|You can love people, and you can befriend them, but the only person you can ever one hundred percent depend on is yourself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we know Him, we can be sure God hears our prayers.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|A few years ago it dawned on me that everybody past a certain age ... pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives. They don't want to be who they are any more. They want out. This list includes Thurston Howell the Third, Ann-Margret, the cat members of Rent, Václav Havel, space shuttle astronauts and Snuffleupagus. It's universal.
Tacitus|In human history, the desire for revenge and the desire for loot have often been closely associated.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Kat looked down at her lemonade. 'Do you think he betrayed the love of his life...because of us?''She used the name Romani, Kat,' was Gabrielle's answer. 'And besides...' She let the words draw out. Her gaze went to the distance, and there was a sense of peace in the way she said, 'WE'RE the love of his life.' She raised her glass again. 'To family.
Billy Wilder|People might think that my queen should be highly educated, beautiful and the best of the best. Jetsun Pema is a kind-hearted girl who is very supportive and whom I can trust. I cannot say how she might appear to the people, but to me, she is the one.
Gillian Anderson|I guess I would say: above anything else, stay true to yourself. Whether that means for you that you like to have blue hair, or you don’t like to drink, or you are attracted to the same sex, or you want to remove yourself from Facebook, or you’ve got 3 different kids from 3 different dads but you know you’re a really good mom, or you cry for a week because your turtle died. Whatever your truth is, stay true to yourself. But be a good person while you’re at it.
Dr Wayne Dyer|When Jill woke next morning and found herself in a cave, she thought for one horrid moment that she was back in the Underworld.
Randall Jarrell, No Other Book: Selected Essays|You know how when you step on court your coach is like "go go go!"? And all throughout you just keep telling yourself to hit harder and harder and keep at it? You know how much you treasure those five-minute timeouts? You know how good you feel at the end of a session? You know how you're glad you're tired? No pills, no shots, just plain energy. I want to work like that. Whether I have to write ten thousand words or send five hundred emails, brainstorm for hours at a time, I want to have that energy. To keep fighting. To know it's all worth it. Oh, yeah. That's my perfect day.
Christopher Robinson|Never allow others to create your world because if you do, they will always make it too small.
Judy Polumbaum|I'm not asking you to do your best. I'm asking you to do your job." -Dagny Taggart
Hera Septyadita|I'm the one who will always watch over you. Always be there to fuck you back to your senses when you need it, the one who will never let you die. I pull my shirt over my head and kick off my shoes. "What more could a woman ask?
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|I don't need a mate,” she muttered, staring up at the bright circle of the early autumn moon. “But can't you send me a nice, sexy, strongmale to dance with? Pretty please?” She hadn't had a lover for close to eight months now, and it was starting to hurt on every level. “He doesn't even have to be smart, just good between the sheets.” Good enough to unsnap the tension in her body, allow her to function again. Because sex wasn't simply about pleasure for a cat like her—it was about affection, about trust, about everything good. “Though right this second, I'd take plain old hot sex.”That was when Riley walked out of the shadows. “Got an itch, kitty?” Snapping to her feet, she narrowed her eyes, knowing he had to have deliberately stayed downwind in order to sneak up on her. “Spying?” “When you're talking loud enough to wake the dead?” She swore she could feel steam coming out her ears.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|No such thing as the right time, situation or place. You have all it takes. Just dig within. Exhume all the greatness inside of you and transform the world with an inexhaustible drive and without fear of limitations.
Bob Marley|The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.
Ally Carter|Number of empty Ben & Jerry's containers: 3 -- two mint chocolate cookie, one plain vanilla. (Who buys plain vanilla ice cream from Ben & Jerry's, anyway? Is there a greater waste?)
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|Man…who lives in three places – in the past, in the present, and in the future – can be unhappy if one of these three is worthless. Religion has even added a fourth – eternity.
Stephan Pastis|...rather than ask why something happened (i.e. what caused it), Jung asked: What did it happen for? This same tendency appears in physics: Many modern physicists are now looking more for "connections" in nature than for causal laws (determinism).
Mehmet Murat ildan|In a petty theft you steal money, gold etc.; in an electoral theft you steal the future of a country! The second crime can be committed only by the meanest people! Such a heavy crime results in a heavy price!
Soman Chainani, The School for Good and Evil|Watching across the aisles, the Nevers' faces began to change. One by one, their scowls turned sorrowful, their eyes melted to hurt. Hort, Ravan, Anadil, even Hester...as if they too wished they could have such joy. As if they too wished they could feel as wanted. Gone was their will to fight, lost to broken hearts, and the villains shrank into silence, snakes drained of venom.
Sean Taylor|'Hamlet' is one of the most dangerous things ever set down on paper. All the big, unknowable questions like what it is to be a human being; the difference between sanity and insanity; the meaning of life and death; what's real and not real. All these subjects can literally drive you mad.
Maya Angelou|I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|From a distance I finally see, I completely understand, As I move forward to take my second step, Followed by a third step, Oh! You are easy to love like a sponge.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|When a 'setback' brings a 'comeback,' that's grace in action!
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Story of civilization starts with reading, and story of creativity starts with writing
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|Who will deny that true religion consists, in a great measure, in vigorous and lively actings of the inclination and will of the soul, or the fervent exercises of the heart? That religion which God requires, and will accept, does not consist in weak, dull, and lifeless, wishes, raising us but a little above a state of indifference. 
Neil Gaiman, M Is for Magic|Cats are absolute individuals, with their own ideas about everything, including the people they own.
Natalie Lloyd, A Snicker of Magic|I didn't say another word to Mama that night, but I could feel something good even then: the YES in my heart, the swirling-around in my belly, the prickly tingling all the way from the freckle on my finger to the tip of my pinky toe. That much wonderful could only mean one thing: There was still magic in Midnight Gulch.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Our fulfillment in life and career meets with success when we give our best as per our unique talent, gifting, strengths while willing to team up with others in the areas of our limitations...
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Goal Of LIFE Is patience,Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|George looked at her for a long moment. Finally he replied, "And why do you find it so hard to think someone might like you and want to do things for you?
Sunday Adelaja|When a person comes to know God, the Spirit of God revives his spirit and his essence.
Pat Buchanan|True, the country is divided, but it's not Right and Left. It's Left and Not Left. It is because, for liberals, politics is personal and therefore extremely loud. For the rest of us, we prefer community over calamity.
Quentin Smith, Theism, Atheism, and Big Bang Cosmology|I’m afraid, my blue-skinned friend - that matters of religion are absolute. True believers cannot be reasoned with. You either agree with their beliefs or you accept that you will be in eternal conflict with them.’"~Saul KarzaDeathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge is strength, understanding is mastery, and wisdom is power.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|Gain fame, and the paparazzi or media waits and watches for them to slip, just to shame their name.
Michael Crichton|A wonderful area for speculative academic work is the unknowable. These days religious subjects are in disfavor, but there are still plenty of good topics. The nature of consciousness, the workings of the brain, the origin of aggression, the origin of language, the origin of life on earth, SETI and life on other worlds...this is all great stuff. Wonderful stuff. You can argue it interminably. But it can't be contradicted, because nobody knows the answer to any of these topics.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|How could I have been so ignorant? she thinks. So stupid, so unseeing, so given over to carelessness. But without such ignorance, such carelessness, how could we live? If you knew what was going to happen, if you knew everything that was going to happen next—if you knew in advance the consequences of your own actions—you'd be doomed. You'd be as ruined as God. You'd be a stone. You'd never eat or drink or laugh or get out of bed in the morning. You'd never love anyone, ever again. You'd never dare to.
Chandan Sharma|Sometimes, for revenge to be as sweet and painful as it is intended, some time has to pass. Time enough that people have forgotten about past hurts and humiliations. Time enough to make the poison of bitterness consume a soul. It was to be that time...Two worlds collide and find a common link. A plan was made, a price was paid and revenge was set in motion.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Just because you said dragon demons were extinct—""I said mostly extinct."Alec jabbed a finger toward him."Mostly extinct," he said, his voice trembling with rage, "is NOTEXTINCT ENOUGH.""I see," said Jace. "I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?
Nanette Mathews|If you want to feel and know everything the horse is doing, begin by feeling and knowing everything you are doing.
John M. Perkins, Dream with Me: Race, Love, and the Struggle We Must Win|Right before Jesus went to the cross, He prayed that all believers, past, present, and future "may be one, as You, Father are in Me, and I in You; that they also may be one in Us, that the world may believe that You sent Me" (John 17:21 NKJV). This was Jesus's prayer for us all, yet more often than not, I fear we have not lived up to it. Instead, we fight for our own way, for our selfish desires, for our right to be superior. We build churches centered on our own cultural ideas of God, rather than on seeking to bring us back to Him. And then we fight with other churches and religions about who is serving their personal culture god the best. Come dream with me. Dream of a fight for something bigger, something more important and worthwhile. We need to fight for justice and peace, for the walls between us to come crashing down.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|The miracle is not to walk on water. The miracle is to walk on the green earth, dwelling deeply in the present moment and feeling truly alive.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|Colored lights blink on and off, racing across the green boughs. Their reflections dance across exquisite glass globes and splinter into shards against tinsel thread and garlands of metallic filaments that disappear underneath the other ornaments and finery.Shadows follow, joyful, laughing sprites.The tree is rich with potential w
Philip Roth, The Ghost Writer|I turn sentences around. That’s my life. I write a sentence and then I turn it around. Then I look at it and I turn it around again. Then I have lunch. Then I come back in and write another sentence. Then I have tea and turn the new sentence around. Then I read the two sentences over and turn them both around. Then I lie down on my sofa and think. Then I get up and throw them out and start from the beginning. And if I knock off from this routine for as long as a day, I’m frantic with boredom and a sense of waste.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|Don't worry about getting perfect, just keep getting better.
Mike Mignola|Gemmell's name guarantees a satisfying story and a thumping good read. I recommend all his heroic creations - 'Druss the axeman,' 'the Jerusalem man,' among others - but my favourite has to be 'Waylander': Clint Eastwood with a crossbow and the same 'Make my day, punk' attitude.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|Vice is nice, but a little virtue won't hurt you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the moment of decision, may you hear the voice of the Creator saying, ‘This is right road, travel on it.
George Carlin|I was thinking about how people seem to read the bible a lot more as they get older, and then it dawned on me—they’re cramming for their final exam.
Lauren Hammond, A Whisper To A Scream|When our eyes made contact it was like being slapped, I just wanted to recoil
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Rebel Lover|I kissed you," Finlay said roughly. "for the very simple reason that you are irresistible."	"I think that is what is known as serendipity," Isabella replied, "for it's the very same reason I kissed you back."	"Serendipity," Finlay said, sliding his arm around her waist. "I've always wondered what it tasted like."	"Strawberries, and lavender, and vintage wine, I believe is how you described it."	"No," he said decidedly. "It tastes of nothing other than essence of you. The most intoxicating and delicious taste imaginable.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Sometimes you learn, grow and give far more when your back's against the wall.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|To touch or not to touch . . . that is the question. Handshakes, hugs, and other touching all have their appropriate space and place. The key to success in this area is to know when, where, and how to best put these into action.
Gisela Hausmann, Naked Determination: 41 Stories About Overcoming Fear|But then it is important for some people to make an exit, to get down and walk the paths they were destined to because if people always made an entrance and never left either for the better or worse, then we would feel suffocated and confused like those people in the bus, the purpose of the journey would lose its essence and the journey altogether would neither be worthwhile nor smooth.
C. JoyBell C.|I would rather carry around a plastic bag with five thousand Euro inside, than carry around a Louis Vuitton/Gucci/Prada bag with only one hundred Euro inside!
Wynton Marsalis|Through my education, I didn't just develop skills, I didn't just develop the ability to learn, but I developed confidence.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|Morfyd’s care.As she walked out of the cave she passed Annwyl walking in. The girl had her swords in one hand. The other hand held her ripped shirt and bindings over her ample breasts. Her brows angled down into a dark frown and she wouldn’t even look at Morfyd as she passed.“How did that talk go then?” Morfyd called over her shoulder.“Shut. Up.”Morfyd laughed as she advanced into the glen toward the clearing where she could take off. She rounded a corner and came upon her brother, his chainmail shirt and sword in his big hand, heading toward the hidden entrance of his cave. She watched him as he passed and she noticed the long scratches across his back.“How did that talk go then?” Morfyd called over her shoulder.“Shut. Up.”Morfyd shook her head. If love always made you this pathetic, she wanted nothing to do with it.
Andrew Clements, Things Hoped For|It thought about the magic that happens when you tell a story right, and everybody who hears it not only loves the story, but they love you a little bit, too, for telling it so well. Like I love Ms. Washington, in spite of myself, the first time I heard her. When you hear somebody read a story well, you can't help but think there's some good inside them, even if you don't know them.
Eileen Anglin|I am bound by conscience and the word of God. Therefore I can and will recant nothing, because to act against one's conscience is neither safe nor salutary. Here I stad. I can do no ether. So help me God.
Michael Leunig|I'm not involved in politics, and I've never had any political role. I've never been in office. I've never taken any public administrative jobs.
Sam Yagan|I think for marketplace businesses, and when you think about online dating, it's not a social network. It's not a place where you go to talk to people you already know; it's a place you go to interact with someone you've never met before.
William James|In working with UNICEF our corporate partners have demonstrated time and again that their financial resources, leadership and expertise can bring about real and lasting benefits for the world's children.
Don Henley|It took me 42 years to write this song, and 5 minutes to sin
Deyth Banger|However, if you do not believe your clients, they may sense your doubt and never fully trust you. As Bruce Goderez (1986), director of a PTSD inpatient unit says, "It is important for the clinician and counselor to be willing to be made a fool." In other words, it is better that you believe a client who is lying or distorting the truth than to disbelieve a hurting trauma survivor who may never seek help again if your attitude is one of disbelief or disdain. Even if that client were to continue in therapy, they would never fully trust you.
Oscar Wilde|This life is like a swimming pool. You dive into the water, but you can't see how deep it is.
Mary Woronov, Swimming Underground: My Years in the Warhol Factory|She was crouched in the corner of the room, eating something off the floor. It was the old woman dressed in endless black. When she looked up this time there was no question she was there for me. She had the face of my mother but much older, her ancient decayed mouth coming closer for her good-night kiss. I steeled myself against her putrid smell, the mouthful of bitter dust, but as her lips touched mine it was like biting into a purple black plum whose fruit was brilliant red, like an explosion of intense joy. Its childhood smell wrinkled my nose with pleasure, its sweet juices ran down my chin, turning into a beautiful black ocean where I floated safely, not lost as I had imagined, but securely tucked away deep in space.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|When Nico had woken up at Barrachina and found the Hunters’ note about kidnapping Reyna, he’d torn apart the courtyard in rage. He didn’t want the Hunters stealing another important person from him. Fortunately, he’d got Reyna back, but he didn’t like how brooding she had become. Every time he tried to ask her about the incident on the Calle San Jose – those ghosts on the balcony, all staring at her, whispering accusations – Reyna shut him down.
Joseph Sobran|When your child is a little older, you can teach him about our tax system in a way that is easy to grasp. Offer him, say, $10 to mow the lawn. When he has mowed it and asks to be paid, withhold $5 and explain that this is income tax. Give $1 to his younger brother, and tell him that this is "fair". Also, explain that you need the other $4 yourself to cover the administrative costs of dividing the money. When he cries, tell him he is being "selfish" and "greedy". Later in life he will thank you.
Brittany Snow|When I was 18, my mum gave me all the clothes she'd had made at the famous haute couture fashion label, House of Worth, in Paris. Of course, I eventually trashed them all.
Cassandra Gannon, Wicked Ugly Bad|Esmeralda?” Scarlett turned to the witch next. “Don’t you want to do magic, again?” “Of course I do! It’s the only thing I dream of. Casting spells… Turning people into frogs… Genetically engineering my gingerbread army…
Hart Crane|God's way of answering the Christian's prayer for more patience, experience, hope and love often is to put him into the furnace of affliction.
Jeff Buckley|Well the country songs themselves are three-chord stories, ballads which are mostly sad. If you are already feeling sorry for yourself when you listen to them they will take you to an even sadder place.
Isabel Paterson, God of the Machine|A tax-supported, compulsory educational system is the complete model of the totalitarian state.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Best of Rilke: 72 Form-true Verse Translations with Facing Originals, Commentary and Compact Biography|So it's back once more, back up the slope.Why do they always ruin my ropewith their cuts?I felt so ready the other day,Had a real foretaste of eternityIn my guts.Spoonfeeding me yet another sipfrom life's cup.I don't want it, won't take any more of it.Let me throw up.Life is medium rare and good, I see,And the world full of soup and bread,But it won't pass into the blood for me,Just goes to my head.It makes me ill, though others it feeds;Do see that I must deny it!For a thousand years from now at leastI'm keeping a diet.
The Red Raven|Acceptance for me is loving what “is” and not in looking back at the past. I do not need to know what the future holds either- if the present is good, can the future be anything less than good?
Daniel Waterman, Entheogens, Society and Law: The Politics of Consciousness, Autonomy and Responsibility|We might not be equal in what we know but we are surely equal, in what we do not know.
James Clavell, Tai-Pan|One eye is open to all truth, the other closed to all deception.
Debasish Mridha|If you chose to be happy,You will be happy.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, If I Were A Girl, I Would Not...|Those who speak the truth in this world; they fall out of favor, in the current era of inflated lies.
Dada Bhagwan|He learned rapidly because his first training was in how to learn. And the first lesson of all was the basic trust that he could learn. It is shocking to find how many people do not believe they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult.
Carol Queen, PoMoSexuals: Challenging Assumptions About Gender and Sexuality|(Note: I realize this is horrifying. Just keep reading.) "Turn to Leviticus 20:13, because I actually discovered the cure for AIDS. If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death. Their blood shall be upon them. And that, my friend, is the cure for AIDS. It was right there in the Bible all along — and they’re out spending billions of dollars in research and testing. It’s curable — right there. Because if you executed the homos like God recommends, you wouldn’t have all this AIDS running rampant."This is an American pastor openly calling for the death of all homosexuals. The anti-gay movement is now so extreme, some, (not all) call for genocide. So how about instead of Alex from Target or pumpkin spice lattes, we get this out on the media. Because this is disgusting. No one should have to be called worthless, better in death, for a problem they did not cause. AIDS did not start with homosexuals, and it's not going to end with them. The only thing that has to end is hate like this.
Malcolm X|I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.
Dada Bhagwan|To ‘us’, nothing except the Soul (Atma) is beautiful, and there is indeed no such thing as bad in this world. Bad is to deviate from one’s own ‘boundary’ (to not remain as the Self).
Monica Bellucci|When the youth of America gets together, amazing things happen.
Sonia Rumzi|You cannot forgive just once, forgiveness is a daily practice.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Plants are also integral to reweaving the connection between land and people. A place becomes a home when it sustains you, when it feeds you in body as well as spirit. To recreate a home, the plants must also return.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Kaz reached into his coat pocket. "Here," he said and handed Jesper a slender book with an elaborate cover."Are we going to read to each other?""Just flip it open to the back."Jesper opened the book and peered at the last page, puzzled. "So?""Hold it up so we don't have to look at your ugly face.""My face has character. Besides - oh!""An excellent read, isn't it?""Who knew I had a taste for literature?
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|It was a frightening metaphor for what the United States was becoming – a Titanic of rich, proud dimwits heading for the iceberg of anti-colonialist backlash.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|He didn't have a single clue what was going on with these two strangers, but every instinct told him Master George equaled good, Mistress Jane equaled bald- he blinked-uh, bad. 
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|But he looks no more than thirty. He's very handsome-- so much you will admit; nor will you deny that he is very wealthy and very powerful; the greatest nobleman in Brittany. He will make me a great lady.''God made you that, Aline.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Testing is not a substitute for curriculum and instruction. Good education cannot be achieved by a strategy of testing children, shaming educators, and closing schools.
Jincy Willett, Jenny and the Jaws of Life: Short Stories|Listening to Ella furiously and endlessly unfurl the yarns of the Mingus tales, I understood that the need to tell stories is deeply embedded in our minds, and inseparably entangled with the mechanisms that generate and absorb language. Narrative imagination--and therefore fiction--is a basic evolutionary tool of survival. We process the world by telling stories and produce human knowledge through our engagement with imagined selves.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Man's conscious state is an awareness of body and breath. His subconscious state, active in sleep, is associated with his mental, and temporary, separation from body and breath. His superconscious state is a freedom from the delusion that "existence" depends on body and breath. God lives without breath; the soul made in his image becomes conscious of itself, for the first time, only during the breathless state.
Jeremy Rifkin|By now, they rank people by income level or wages roughly the same: The bottom seventy per cent or so are virtually disenfranchised; they have almost no influence on policy, and as you move up the scale you get more influence. At the very top, you basically run the show.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The pupil dilates in darkness and in the end finds light, just as the soul dilates in misfortune and in the end finds God.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Last night I thought about all that kerosene I've used in the past ten years. And I thought about books. And for the first time I realized that a man was behind each one of the books. A man had to think them up. A man had to take a long time to put them down on paper. And I'd never even thought that thought before." He got out of bed."It took some man a lifetime maybe to put some of his thoughts down, looking around at the world and life and then I come along in two minutes and boom! it's all over.""Let me alone," said Mildred. "I didn't do anyt
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|She looked as if she were in the middle of posing for an unbelievably glamorous photo shoot. Then again, she always did. It was her talent. Clary, however, was staring stubbornly up into Isabelle’s face and talking to her. Simon thought Clary would get her way and get Isabelle to pay attention to her eventually. That was her talent.
Deyth Banger|DeYtH Banger is a character, who is famous because of me, who is created by me and who lives by me...
Blake Lewis|Just keep being true to yourself, if you're passionate about something go for it. Don't sacrifice anything, just have fun.
Cassandra Clare, The Fall of the Hotel Dumort|You know, there's a reason we can remember," [Catarina] said more softly."That's much easier when your life has an expiration date.""It may be more important for us.
Euginia Herlihy|When we believe that God expects us to try hard to become who Jesus wants us to be, we will live in that blurry, frustrating land of Should Be rather than trust in The One Who Is.
Helen Oyeyemi|I get very homesick, but otherwise it's a great privilege to get to travel for work.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Historical fact: People stopped being people in 1913. That was the year Henry Ford put his cars on rollers and made his workers adopt the speed of the assembly line. At first, workers rebelled. They quit in droves, unable to accustom their bodies to the new pace of the age. Since then, however, the adaptation has been passed down: we've all inherited it to some degree, so that we plug right into joy-sticks and remotes, to repetitive motions of a hundred kinds.
John Green, Paper Towns|She loves mysteries so much, she became one.
John Dryden, Absalom and Achitophel|Such subtle covenants shall be made, Till peace itself is war in masquerade.
Sebastian Vettel|If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Marc Anthony|Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too.
Zoë Marriott|This was the mark of deep infatuation, he thought: the desire to watch a woman talk just to see her lips move, to be around her.
Pamela Cummins|And at night, when it breathes delicately from silence - I love listening to your voice. It is like a heavenly graceful singing of thousands of stars.
Madeleine Urban, Sticks & Stones|Zane wondered if Ty was a mama‟s boy. He tipped his head to the side, watching them as he picked out a piece of warm bread, and thought maybe so. Not that he would ever voice that opinion to Ty until he was good and ready to die.
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|Whatever it is," I said, "the point is moot because as long as I'm on these pills, I can't make contact to ask."Derek ... snapped, "Then you need to stop taking the pills."Love to. If I could. But after what happened last night, they're giving me urine tests now."Ugh. That's harsh." Simon went quiet, then snapped his fingers.Hey, I've got an idea. It's kinda gross, but what if you take the pills, crush them and mix them with your, you know, urine."Derek stared at him.What?"You did pass chem last year, didn't you?"Simon flipped him the finger. "Okay, genius, what's your idea?"I'll think about it. ..."***Here," Derek whispered, pressing an empty Mason jar into my hand. He'd pulled me aside after class and we were now standing at the base of the boy's staircase. "Take this up to your room and hide it."It's a ... jar."He grunted, exasperated that I was so dense I failed to see the critical importance of hiding an empty Mason jar in my room.It's for your urine."My what?"He rolled his eyes, a growl-like sound sliding through his teeth ashe leaned down, closer to my ear. "Urine. Pee. Whatever. For the testing."I lifted the jar to eye level. "I think they'll give me somethingsmaller."...You took your meds today, right?" he whispered.I nodded.Then use this jar to save it."Save . . . ?"Your urine. If you give them some of today's tomorrow, it'll seem like you're still taking your meds."You want me to . . . dole it out? Into specimen jars?"Got a better idea?"Um, no, but ..." I lifted the jar and stared into it.Oh, for God's sake. Save your piss. Don't save your piss. It's all the same to me."Simon peeked around the corner, brows lifted. "I was going to ask what you guys were doing, but hearing that, I think I'll pass.
George Bernard Shaw|Custom will reconcile people to any atrocity, and fashion will drive them to acquire any custom.
John Calvin, A Compend of the Institutes of the Christian Religion|It is indeed a song of steps. And as I have often said to you, these steps are not made to descend but to ascend. The questioner wishes then to ascend; and where does he wish to ascend if not to heaven? What does this mean—to ascend to heaven? Does he wish to ascend so as to be in the heavens with the sun, the moon, and the stars? Far from that! But there is in heaven an eternal Jerusalem where the angels, our co-citizens, are. From these co-citizens we on earth are estranged. In this exile we sigh; in the city we shall have joy.
Shannon L. Alder|We are all a little schizophrenic. Each of us has three different people living inside us every day—who you were, who you are and who you will become. The road to sanity is to recognize those identities, in order to know who you are today.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|A while back, when Dick and Barry and I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you are like, Barry proposed the idea of a questionnaire for prospective partners.
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|If you take a hard look at the people in your life, you may be blown away by how many explorers and survivalists surround you. Everyday, I'm amazed by the number of people I meet, who have climbed Mt. Everest, time and time again...without ever having been to the Himalayas.
Morrissey|Nature always waits in the wings and the winds, ready to pounce with all of its power just at that sloppily contented hour when you foolishly assume it to be plainly tired out. Narcissistic humans do their quite pathetic best to kill nature off, oblivious to their self-reliance on its upkeep, yet nature will only take so much bureaucratic bullying before it snaps a deadly snap - for it does not need your approval, your organised banditry, your prepubescent social laws, your trades of cheapening commerce, your militant preachment, your apologies or blind belief of superiority... as if a presidential seat gives you an intolerable presumption of dominance over this earth's terrain!
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Everyone feels depressed, angry or frustrated at times; it’s a crossroads not a dead end.
William Nicholson|I do not want to admit to the world that I can be a bad person. It is just that I don't want anyone to have false expectations. Moviemaking is a harsh, volatile business, and unless you can be ruthless, too, there's a good chance that you are going to disappear off the scene pretty quickly.
Victor J. Stenger, God: The Failed Hypothesis: How Science Shows That God Does Not Exist|The lack of understanding does not hurt, as much as the lack of effort to understand does !
Jason Isbell|If I could write rock & roll songs on purpose, I'd do it all the time. But most of what I write comes out slow and sad because that's most of what I listen to.
Michel de Montaigne|And trade is art, and art's philosophy,In Paris.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|A living poem" had always been the words that came to mind when he tried to describe her to others.
Martin Farquhar Tupper|He who laughs most, learns best.
Avijeet Das|The Women of Our World are like Mother Earth. They don't just give life to the next generation but also to Hope. The Women of Our World are to be loved, respected and protected.
Charbel Tadros|The universe is an ocean upon which we are the waves. While some decide to surf, others venture to dive.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The most agonising thing is to drop doubt into a man about his being a reality, three-dimensional - and not some other kind of reality.
Srinivas Shenoy|I’ve been watching you drink,” he says. “Think it’s a good idea to put your liver through this?”“What are you the public service message fairy?”“Just being polite.”“Well I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that you, sir, have taken the being polite thing too far. Why don’t you just ask me out already so I can refuse and you can leave me the fuck alone?
John Marsden, A Killing Frost|I'm a person of the mountains and the open paddocks and the big empty sky, that's me, and I knew if I spent too long away from all that I'd die; I don't know what of, I just knew I'd die.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|The greatest drug of all, my dear, was not one of those pills in so many colors that you took over the years, was not the opium, the hash you smoked in houses at the beach, or the speed or smack you shot up in Sutherland's apartment, no, it wasn't any of these. It was the city, darling, it was the city, the city itself. And do you see why I had to leave? As Santayana said, dear, artists are unhappy because they are not interested in happiness; they live for beauty. God, was that steaming, loathsome city beautiful!!! And why finally no human lover was possible, because I was in love with all men, with the city itself.
Jules Verne, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea|At certain moments, the foot slips ; at others, the ground gives way. How many times had that conscience, furious for the right, grasped and overwhelmed him! How many times had truth, inexorable, planted her knee upon his breast! How many times, thrown to the ground by the light, had he cried to it for mercy!
Friedrich Nietzsche|It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Emma Goldman|What is the sense of giving a boundary to all that, of giving it a name and ceasing to love where the name ceases to apply? What is love of one's country; is it hate of one's uncountry?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wise man is a wing; stupid man is a hole! You meet a wise man, you rise, you meet a stupid man, and you fall!
Harry Dean Stanton|Most people don't realize it, because they're invisible, but microbes make up about a half of the Earth's biomass, whereas all animals only make up about one one-thousandth of all the biomass.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|I hated being around people, couldn’t pay attention to what anyone was saying, couldn’t talk to clients, couldn’t tag my pieces, couldn’t ride the subway, human activity seemed pointless, incomprehensible, some blackly swarming ant hill in the wilderness, there was not a squeak of light anywhere I looked, the antidepressants I’d been dutifully swallowing for eight weeks hadn’t helped a bit, nor had the ones before that (but then, I’d tried them all; apparently I was among the twenty unfortunates who didn’t get the daisy fields and the butterflies but the Sever Headaches and the Suicidal Thoughts); and though the darkness sometimes lifted just enough so I could construe my surroundings, familiar shapes solidifying the bedroom furniture at dawn, my relief was never more than temporary because somehow the full morning never came, things always went black before I could orient myself and there I was again with ink poured in my eyes, guttering around in the dark.
Marie Anzalone, Peregrintaing North-South Compass Points: Poems in English and Spanish|If a boat is shattered by a storm, the desperate passengers cling to the floating pieces of the hull. In that moment, it's not a broken boat. To a drowning man, it's a floating miracle.
Jochen Zeitz|My character in 'OK OK' has a lot of attitude, and it is an interesting one.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|Or maybe I, like, cuddle raped him or something.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|The shrine I prayed at not to go to university,” Sand said.“I guess your prayer was answered,” Perrotte said.Sand strongly considered throwing something at her—but there was nothing to hand that wasn’t sacred.
Michael S. Horton, The Christian Faith: A Systematic Theology for Pilgrims on the Way|Faith is tested throughout our lives (James 1:3; I Peter 1:7). As the object of our faith proves Himself faithful throughout these trials, our faith grows. Even if we do not have God’s personal revelation about why we are suffering or how He is weaving our trials into a hidden pattern, we do have the revelation of God’s hidden purposes for us and for creation in Jesus Christ. God has demonstrated His faithfulness objectively, publicly, and finally in the resurrection of Jesus from the dead.
Anna Jeffrey|Hats, like first husbands in my experience, are usually a mistake.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|After moral poisoning, one requires physical remedies and a bottle of champagne.
Mos Def|All the things that are worth doing, take time.
Ryan Gosling|As we dread any disease that undermines the health of the body, so should we deplore contention, which is a corroding canker of the spirit.
Debasish Mridha|Success is a choice, not an option.
Louis L'Amour|All I want is an education, and I am afraid of no one.
James Agee, A Death in the Family|Turn towards love, and become love.
Jamaica Kincaid|Madness is like an alternative residence. When sanity chases you out of home, take shelter in madness.
Alex Rosa, Emotionally Compromised|Every time his lips meet mine, my whole body begins a slow tingle that starts from within in my chest, and spreads like a wildfire.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|Nightmares always recur, but never our most beautiful dreams.
George Orwell, 1984|And when memory failed and written records were falsified—when that happened, the claim of the Party to have improved the conditions of human life had got to be accepted, because there did not exist, and never again could exist, any standard against which it could be tested.
P.G. Wodehouse, Right Ho, Jeeves|Gussie, a glutton for punishment, stared at himself in the mirror.
Daryl Banner, Hard For My Boss|I'm a special kind of crazy, boy it must suck to be you
Pete Docter|My birth neither shook the German Empire nor caused much of an upheaval in the home. It pleased mother, caused father a certain amount of pride and my elder brother the usual fraternal jealousy of a hitherto only son.
Kara Swynn, Bound By Her Scent|The first time I tongue you into coming, it’s going to be an apology. The second time will be a reward for waiting.” He fell to his knees and took his first intoxicating taste of Lucy. A growl worked its way free of his chest. “The third time is going to be because I fucking love to hear you scream.
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|Practical utility, however, is not the ultimate purpose of a liberal arts education. Its ultimate purpose is to help you learn to reflect in the widest and deepest sense, beyond the requirements of work and career: for the sake of citizenship, for the sake of living well with others, above all, for the sake of building a self that is strong and creative and free.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|Twenty years earlier, in a life [Kirsten] mostly couldn’t remember, she had had a small nonspeaking role in a short-lived Toronto production of King Lear. Now she walked in sandals whose soles had been cut from an automobile tire, three knives in her belt.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|People used to recognize it as mood.Science has revealed it as cannabinoids.When you feel sad, just do long running.Then you will know that even mood can be governed.
Patricia C. Wrede, Dealing with Dragons|Well,” said the frog, “what are you going to do about it?”“Marrying Therandil? I don’t know. I’ve tried talking to my parents, but they won’t listen, and neither will Therandil.”“I didn’t ask what you’d said about it,” the frog snapped. “I asked what you’re going to do. Nine times out of ten, talking is a way of avoiding doing things.
Keira D. Skye, Bite!|Nico then leaned into Katty, and kissed her. He kissed her with every ounce of Vampire strength, pressing his lips forward into hers, feeling her slight breath and her soft lips touch against his with the heat of a hot fire. He kissed her while holding her face close to his, his fingers spreading against the width of her delicate cheeks. Katty closed her eyes and took the kiss all in, feeling such a kiss make her feel so dizzy, so weak. So lightheaded. It was as if she was being kissed for the very first time. It was a kiss that took all her resistance away, all her fear, but gave her an existence that she never possibly knew. Within a few moments, Nico pulled away, unleashing the kiss from its endurance.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When we connect to Creator, our sacred character develops.
Vaclav Havel|The great book for you is the book that has the most to say to you at the moment when you are reading. I do not mean the book that is most instructive, but the book that feeds your spirit. And that depends on your age, your experience, your psychological and spiritual need.
Chelsea Handler|So many little girls dream about their wedding day. But with actresses, sometimes it's the inverse, because we get to be the centre of attention, looked up and down, dressed up for premieres all the time. The pull isn't quite as great.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You look somewhere else, then you see something different and so your journey for wisdom starts! Wise man’s mind is the mind looking at everywhere!
Miranda Lambert|The first thing I did was give up sweet tea because I drank so much. I'd start drinking at lunchtime and wouldn't set it down until I went to bed. When you calculate how much empty calories and how much sugar I was consuming, it was staggering. So I haven't had a glass of sweet tea in three years.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|When a woman loves you she's not satisfied until she possesses your soul. Because she's weak, she has a rage for domination, and nothing less will satisfy her.
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|What I've been shown by my Angels confirms that we don't die alone, and are immediately greeted by Angels and Spirits. We are whisked away to Heaven, where eager Departed Loved Ones await to celebrate our arrival. I hope that information will someday lessen your grief after a loss.
Steve Stockman|Let the systematic theologian spell it out. Let the artists throw out thoughts and slants, maybe even slants no one else has thought of. They should give another view of something familiar to help us learn more about it. They should deal with love, life, good, evil, God, the world and faith. Many of the biblical writers were poets more than they were theologians. Poets and prophets ranted and raved, and storytellers wrote great yarns that all had different slants on God and life and faith. Perhaps the poet's absence from the Church for many centuries has left it deprived of much insight.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|For the first time in forever, he was stunned to silence. Not by her words, but by the tenderness in her hands, the worry in her eyes. He was an archangel. He’d been wounded far, far worse and shrugged it off. But then, there had been no woman with sun kissed by the sunset and eyes of storm gray to tear into him for daring to get himself hurt.
Milan LaBrey, Back to the Basics: Five Core Values Revitalized|Without basic human values guiding us, we become morally bankrupt. Without love as our purpose, we become empty. Without understanding of both of these, we become lost.
Colleen Houck|There was a large sting near his upper lip. I touched it lightly. “Does it hurt?”My gaze moved from his lips up to his eyes. He was looking at me in a way that made me blush.“Yes,” he responded quietly.
Megan Miranda, All the Missing Girls|As far back as I can remember, there has always been a place to which I belonged with a certainty that nothing has been able to take from me. When I say place, that means less a geographical locality and more a group of people with whom I am connected and to whom I belong.
Wolfgang Pauli, Writings on Physics and Philosophy|A synthesis embracing both rational understanding and the mystical experience of unity is the mythos, spoken or unspoken, or our present day and age.
Tracey Bond|Ideal humane leadership begins with a real demonstration of love, continues relating with acceptance of fellow humankind and consciously follows that through with every opportunity.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|It is a cruel, ironical art, photography. The dragging of captured moments into the future; moments that should have been allowed to be evaporate into the past; should exist only in memories, glimpsed through the fog of events that came after. Photographs force us to see people before their future weighed them down....
Deyth Banger|Tell me what you like, tell me how you feel, tell me which stuff are your favourite, what you enjoy doing and so far I can give you one well written book based on this stuff!?
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I know we're fucked up, alright? I'm impulsive, and hot tempered, and you get under my skin like no one else. You act like you hate me one minute, and then need me the next. I never get anything right, and I don't deserve you...but I fucking love you, Abby. I love you more than I loved anyone or anything ever. When you're around, I don't need booze, or money, or the fighting, or the one-night stands...
Vironika Tugaleva|Life is not a sport. Life is not math. There is no final end goal and there is no right answer. Just because your truth does not match someone else's truth does not make either of you wrong. Life is not a zero sum game. If I am right, that does not make you wrong. If you are right, that does not make me wrong either. A jar of vinegar can sit in a cupboard beside a box of baking soda peacefully, and we can allow those who disagree with us to exist alongside us without reacting to them. There is nothing to prove. There is enough room in the world for all of us.
Woo Myung, Stop Living In This Land, Go To The Everlasting World Of Happiness, Live There Forever|The Bible tells us, "blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven", which means heaven that is the true world will become one's own when he discards his false mind completely.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|But hell, you've gotta work with what you've got.
Leonard Bernstein, The Joy of Music|Music, of all the arts, stands in a special region, unlit by any star but its own, and utterly without meaning ... except its own.
Rainbow Rowell|There's a lot of guys up there who like wearing a suit or try doing jokes that they think will play to a certain crowd, or maybe get them corporate work. I've always written jokes that I would want to hear. So, I'm trying to entertain myself more than anything.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|We are more than the worst thing that's ever happened to us. All of us need to stop apologizing, for having been to hell and come back breathing.
Steven Magee|Lie Test: Do you want to check if your present role is a dream job? The following thought should answer your dilemma - "If you are truly involved in your tasks at work, eight hours can make you feel few minutes; otherwise one would feel few minutes as eight hours" Your mind can never lie! What did your test telling you?
Tom Hodgkinson, The Freedom Manifesto|If Adam and Eve were not hunter-gatherers, then they were certainly gatherers. But, then, consumer desire, or self-embitterment, or the 'itch,' as Schopenhauer called it, appeared in the shape of the serpent. This capitalistic monster awakens in Adam and Eve the possibility that things could be better. Instantly, they are cast out of the garden and condemned to a life of toil, drudgery, and pain. Wants supplanted needs, and things have been going downhill ever since. 
Robin Bertram|A true encounter with the living God will break the spirit of religiosity, empty man of his pride and conform even the most vile and wicked into a living vessel for His glory.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Into my heart an air that killsFrom yon far country blows:What are those blue remembered hills,What spires, what farms are those?That is the land of lost content,I see it shining plain,The happy highways where I wentAnd cannot come 
Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight|It’s a beautiful way to put it: Leave the poetry in what you make. When something becomes too polished, it loses its soul. It seems robotic.
Shannon Mayer, Blood of the Lost|When your mother and your father are having a fight, do you want them to kill each other? Or do you just want them tostop fighting?
Suze Orman|Once you make a studio 700 million dollars or so, or whatever the insane number is, then they finally seem to trust you, no matter how off-the-wall your project is.
Sarah Black, The General and the Elephant Clock of Al-Jazari|There comes a time, you have to stop running, stop pretending, and just be the man you were meant to be. It doesn't matter what it costs, because to not be that man, that’ll cost you your soul. What am I going to do? I’m going to love him until the stars fall out of the sky.
Jayson Engay|We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.
Guy Mankowski, How I Left the National Grid: A post-punk novel|When hip-hop was born she had no commercial home, and was an invention of beautiful creativity. Born from a beautiful struggle, today she is mostly a 'ratchet' bitch spitting nonsense from her pimp's mansion.
Tinie Tempah|I'm a street photographer, but I'm interested in any ironic, whimsical images, and there's something very romantic about a circus.
Kahoko Yamada|She didn't need friends; she needed to be a bigger bitch.Chubby Chaser, 11/21/14. Available for preorder on Amazon.
Marty Rubin|We are blind and live our blind lives out in blindness. Poets are damned but they are not blind, they see with the eyes of the angels.
Darrell Calkins|These five values are the organic origins of what could be called intuitive conscience. They are also what we experience personally as our core, essential yearnings, however distorted or confused we may interpret them: to care and be cared for; to share equally in freedom and responsibility; to belong, and to trust that what we belong to will continue; that there exists an objective hierarchy of virtue and wisdom; that there exists that which is unquestionably sacred or divine.
Jawe Querimit|The idea isn't to do the impossible. The idea is to show the world that if one man can do the impossible, then maybe the rest of the world can do what's possible.
Eckhart Tolle|You just have to get rid of fear and confront the world. Look at yourself in the mirror and say to yourself, 'I love you and nothing will destroy you and you're not going to fall.'
Jet Li|In the States, you can buy Chinese food. In Beijing you can buy hamburger. It's very close. Now I feel the world become a big family, like a really big family. You have many neighbors. Not like before, two countries are far away.
|When it comes to making friends, it is never about how many that you have, but about the kind of energy that they bring. Please choose wisely.
Niccolò Machiavelli|And though I've lived to be an old man with my very own share of happiness for all the mess I made, I still judge every joyous moment, every victory and revelation against those few seconds of living.
Lex Luger|Heathens are unredeemed outcasts from heaven who roam the planet without hope of surviving the deaths of their bodies. They may have values, but they are not secured by any divine source. Yet we embrace this because we think it represents the truth.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|Tonight the Internet seemed filled with versions of me, like a fun house filled with mirrors. Some of them made me look prettier, and some of them made me look uglier, and some of them chopped me right in half, but none of them were right.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|We cross paths with certain people in our tangled lives for a reason. It's not by chance, not an accident but it's on a purpose. You were made to be part of someone's life for it was written long before you were born."- Elizabeth's Quotes
Nicholas Nassim Taleb|When you think about the wasted time, you waste your time again.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|I felt in him what women feel in men, something so tender, swollen, tyrannical, absurd; I would never take the consequences of interfering with it.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|We may reconcile ourselves to the world at our peril, but it will never reconcile itself to us. . . . This unwillingness to die, doth actually impeach us of high treason against the Lord : is it not a choosing of earth before him ; and taking these present things for our happiness, and consequently asking them our very God (469)?
Pliny the Elder|Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.
Willie Nelson|A lot of journalists like to suck up to celebrities, and then as soon as they're a safe distance away at their computers, they take shots. But that's the way society has become, especially in pop culture.
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|Hey, I just thought of something.""What?""When we're together, we make one whole Italian.
Mary Buckham, Invisible Magic|I took a step back, shaking my head, wishing I could place a gnarly black hex on him. My daddy taught me better than that.
Craig    Robertson, Anon Time|We either need an overwhelming force advantage, or we need more information.""Reinforcements cut into our bounty, remember?""It's unanimous. We need more information.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|If you'll excuse a brief history lesson: most people didn't experience 'the sixties' until the seventies. Which meant, logically, that most people in the sixties were still experiencing the fifties--or, in my case, bits of both decades side by side. Which made things rather confusing.
John Green, Paper Towns|Watching her, he saw again how she teetered between adolescence and adulthood, with a raw sensuality that had to deposit her in a kind of no-man's land--too much a woman for boys her own age, too young for fully adult men.
Kyle Idleman|These religious types were the fans that Jesus seems to have the most trouble with. Fans who will walk into a restaurant and bow their heads to pray before a meal just in case someone is watching. Fans who won’t go to R-rated movies at the theater, but have a number of them saved on their DVR at home. Fans who may feed the hungry and help the needy, and then they make sure they work it into every conversation for the next two weeks. Fans who make sure people see them put in their offering at church, but they haven’t considered reaching out to their neighbor who lost a job and can’t pay the bills. Fans who like seeing other people fail because in their minds it makes them look better. Fans whose primary concern in raising their children is what other people think. Fans who are reading this and assuming I’m describing someone else. Fans who have worn the mask for so long they have fooled even themselves.
Samuel R. Delany, The Motion Of Light In Water: Sex And Science Fiction Writing In The East Village|Because feelings, emotional and physical, are so foregrounded in sexual encounters, the orgy is soon the most social of human interchanges, where awareness and communication, whether verbal or no, hold all together or sunder it.
Thucydides|He was a serial dater, and she was a serial killer. Justice brought them together.
Simon LeVay, Gay, Straight, and the Reason Why: The Science of Sexual Orientation|What is the secret of your serenity?” a student asked Sophia	“Wholehearted cooperation with the inevitable,” she replied.
Charbel Tadros|The choice not to have sex, not to be hurt. The choice not to risk pregnancy. And then... what if she had become pregnant? The choice not to abort? The choice not to have a child?
Petar II Petrović Njegoš|The one who doesn't travel, does not live.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|Very quickly, very suddenly, words fell through my mind. They landed on the floor of my thoughts, and in there, down there, I started to pick the words up. They were excerpts of truth gathered from inside me.
Michael Porter|In any society that is governed by the rule of law, some form of morality is always imposed. It's inescapable.
China Miéville, Looking for Jake|It is not they who have closed but I. I've cut myself away. I'm alone, and lonely. What frightens me is that I've not become lonely now, but have looked inside and seen that I was, already. How long has that been going on?
Chris Wraight, The Path of Heaven|So I fight for a Father who I never loved, against a brother that I did. I defend an empire that never wanted me against an army that would have taken me in a heartbeat.
Lyza Matociños|I don't know what love is,But i know what true love is,It is when two people encourages each other to grow ,Who will let you go out the world and trust that you will come back. This is what true love is about.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|If you board the wrong train, it is no use running along the corridor in the other direction.
Barry M. Goldwater|Mark my word, if and when these preachers get control of the [Republican] party, and they're sure trying to do so, it's going to be a terrible damn problem. Frankly, these people frighten me. Politics and governing demand compromise. But these Christians believe they are acting in the name of God, so they can't and won't compromise. I know, I've tried to deal with them.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|People think that whatever comes out of the mouth of a wise man is the choicest gem, sometime it's utter stupidity and rubbish
Ramana Pemmaraju|The scripture talks about man managing, ruling the earth, as the sole duty of man.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I don't want to sacrifice myself for something. I don't want do DIE for something. I don't even want to walk in the rain up a hill in a skirt that's sticking to my thighs for something. I want to live for something instead- as men do. I want to have fun. The most fun ever. I want to start partying like it's 1999, nine years early. I want a rapturous quest, I want to sacrifice myself to glee, I want to make the world better in some way.
Jane Borodale, The Book of Fires|Nothing good was learnt too swiftly. Knowledge should be a purposeful accumulance of observed experience, applied and tested to the full.
Eric Hoffer|Everyone is aware that tremendous numbers of people concentrate in city downtowns and that, if they did not, there would be no downtown to amount to anything--certainly not one with much downtown diversity.
James Vescovi, Eat Now; Talk Later: 52 True Tales of Family, Feasting, and the American Dream|The Ritz Hotel was grand, sophisticated, and established, unlike me. The only thing we had in common was façade. Mine may not have been as ornate but it was equally phony. I was presenting myself as an escort; I advertised as one, negotiated like one on the phone, and I identified as one to whoever was interested. I even simulated sex for escort rates.
Sandra Bullock|I love people who have a good sense of humor, tell a good story, tell a good joke.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|Perhaps too much value is assigned to memory, not enough to thinking. Remembering is an ethical act, has ethical value in and of itself. Memory is, achingly, the only relation we can have with the dead.
Robert Graves|Those are my bougainvillea—I got Victoria to plant them today, but I don;t know if they will survive. But Right now they have the appearance of survival, which is almost the same thing.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Child, it's a very bad thing for a woman to face the worst that can happen to her, because after she's faced the worst she can't ever really fear anything again. ...Scarlett, always save something to fear— even as you save something to love...
Judith C. Waller, Radio: The Fifth Estate|In a sense, the recording stylus and its reverse component have defeated time. Up until a little more than a generation ago, the sound of a word once uttered, a violin note once played, were possible treasures dropped into the none too safe repository of human memory; but the same sounds transferred to a wax or plastic or film or wire can live and vibrate again fifteen minutes or fifty years from now.
Christopher Boucher, How to Keep Your Volkswagen Alive: A Novel|LOVE is measured in GAUGE TWENTY- specifically, love pressure in the surrounding area. If it drops below four percent, though, you may have trouble-the VW might get sad, slow down, or even stop altogether. If this occurs, you have to immediately find/write a story that somehow convinces him that there is more love, caring or compassion in the area than he thinks there is. I can’t tell you how many times this has been a problem for us- how many trips were interrupted because I had to head into the nearest populated town to see if we could find examples of kindness.
Jane Austen|What are you staring at?""Rain drops on window glass is a sort of love-bite, is it not?
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|The plaque the Romans placed above Jesus's head as he writhed in pain—"King of the Jews"—was called a titulus and, despite common perception, was not meant to be sarcastic. Every criminal who hung on a cross received a plaque declaring the specific crime for which he was being executed. Jesus's crime, in the eyes of Rome, was striving for kingly rule (i.e., treason), the same crime for which nearly every other messianic aspirant of the time was killed.
Nicole Richie|True friends are like diamonds – bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style.
Debasish Mridha|The greatest joy you can get is from giving, and the best thing that you can give is your love.
James Lovegrove, The Age of Zeus|Our pasts shape us,Sam.None of us the person he or she used to be,it's true, but what we are still contains a great proportion of what we once were.Nothing,not even suffering the worst kind of tragedy,alters us completely.At core,we are set in stone.
J. Everett Prewitt, A Long Way Back|I want to introduce my readers to people they may never have met, take them places they may never have visited, and present them with situations they may never have encountered.
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|Allie sighed. It was an old yellow sound, like turning pages.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The world of reality exists. The world of fantasy exists. The great boundary between the world of reality and the world of fantasy is the boundary of pleasure and fallacy. So many people enter into the world of realities through the the gate of betrayal and pain of the world of fantasies. If you live in the world of fantasies, ponder!If you live in the world of realities, learn and use your lessons.
Judy Pasternak, Yellow Dirt: An American Story of a Poisoned Land and a People Betrayed|For many generations…they obeyed the laws and loved the divine to which they were akin…they reckoned that qualities of character were far more important than their present prosperity. So they bore the burden of their wealth and possessions lightly, and did not let their high standard of living intoxicate them or make them lose their self-control…But when the divine element in them became weakened…and their human traits became predominant, they ceased to be able to carry their prosperity with moderation.
Obehi Peter Ewanfoh, AMENDE: The Stream Water|The best moments in reading are when you come across your own suppressed emptiness. You stand face to face with a character in your book, a person you never met, someone even who is long dead…And you finally realize that the book is not what you’ve been reading.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|But anger expressed and translated into action in the service of our vision and our future is a liberating and strengthening act of clarification, for it is in the painful process of this translation that we identify who are our allies with whom we have grave differences, and who are our genuine enemies.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Well, Kessa, I am glad to see that you're taking your body seriously. I shudder when I see the girls leaving class and heading for the nearest hamburger, coke, and French fry station.The thought of them pouring all those dead calories into themselves makes me want to cry. You'd think after a rigorous dance class they'd have more respect for their bodies.
― Mr. Ashfaq|Indeed, if the Framers intended unenumerated rights to be protected without a bill of rights, how can we imagine that those rights were meant to be any less secure with a bill of rights.
William Shakespeare|For thy sweet love remembr'd such wealth bringsThat then, I scorn to change my state with kings.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|As I acknowledge the boundaries within myself, I am given plenty of opportunities to reinforce them.
Edith Head|I would love to pretend I don't diet, but I work very hard. I stay active and eat very healthy. Anybody who says otherwise is either unhealthy or lying! I will admit that I'm addicted to sugar - licorice, Jujubees and jelly candies. And I actually love bran muffins!
Davan Yahya Khalil|Refugees are going to continue to come, and the only question is what we are going to do to help them.
Andie MacDowell|Prenups are so unromantic - a sign of distrust, not love. Time for a reality check, my friends. First, drawing up a prenuptial agreement together is a sign of incredible trust and financial openness - you're fooling yourself if you think you can achieve complete intimacy without it.
Duncan Bannatyne, Anyone Can Do It|Entrepreneurs see the "no diving" sign and back-up to get a running start.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Worry less about what other people think about you, and more about what you think about them.
Dakota Dawn|Your kids pissing you off is an inborn instinct. It's nature's way of getting you to kick them out when they turn 18!Okaaay. ~sigh~ Due to the times, you can kick them out between the ages of 28-38. Can someone please dramatically reduce the cost of housing, already?~SHEESH~
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...
Wenonah Hauter, Foodopoly: The Battle Over the Future of Food and Farming in America|I’m a big believer in cooking your own meals. It makes it much easier not only to ensure that you eat fresh foods but also to follow the second rule of eating (see previous chapter), which advises incorporating as many colors, tastes, textures, and aromas as possible into one’s meal. Beyond those benefits, I feel that cooking celebrates self-respect, and it’s especially important on the Warrior Diet. Through cooking, you can control exactly what you put inside your body. It’s a creative process, where you use trial and error to determine what you like.You can use different herbs and spices to increase or balance flavors, aromas, and textures.You’re not a scavenger on the Warrior Diet.
Jim Bakker|If I say, 'I forgive you,' I have implicitly said you have done something wrong to me. But what forgiveness is at its heart is both saying that justice has been violated and not letting that violation count against the offender.
Taylor Swift|I think when it comes to females in the media you’ll see something that kind of upsets me which is that females are pinned up against each other more so than men. You know, for example like you never see online “vote for who has the better butt - this actor or this actor.” It’s always like this female singer and this female singer. And you get to vote. I mean, it’s daily I see these things and these polls like “let us know who’s sexier, who’s the hotter momma” and I just don’t see it like “who’s the hotter dad” you know? I think that one thing that I do believe as a feminist is that in order for us to have gender equality we have to stop making it a girl fight and we have to stop being so interested in seeing girls trying to tear each other down, it has to be more about cheering each other on as women. That’s just kind of how I feel about it.
James Grissom, Follies of God: Tennessee Williams and the Women of the Fog|My places were emotional, primarily. I wrote of locales in which I had lived, or in which I imagined I could live, but the topography was primal and sexual and terminal. It bore no distinct architecture or design or dialect. It was merely human and in peril, which is to say universal. But on Royal and Coliseum and Vista--streets I cannot relinquish--I found my places and I dreamed a narrative. Can I go there and find it again?"--Tennessee Williams
Rob Thomas|Her strategy for honoring the dead had always been to take action - solve the mystery, punish the criminal. But what did you do when there was no one to punish? When there were no answers to find? How do you assimilate that kind of loss without losing your mind?
Michelle D. Kwasney|Bulldogs are wonderful creatures to include in books. Besides their adorable bulldogishness, they provide the writer with a rare chance to use forms of the verb "snuffle.
Santosh Kalwar|Today something unusual happened; I was walking without even knowing, where I was going. I was smiling without any cause. I was just happy without reasons. I can tell you that birds do sing, leaves of trees, do dance, and it’s beautiful. I am, a complete nature boy! Maybe, I was fully satisfied that sunlight was falling on my cheek. I got the power to love myself, nature and rest of humankind. Cheers, Everyone!
Zeena Schreck|It is better to know oneself than know to others. So not find fault others see first in yourself. When one experiences truth, the madness of finding fault with others disappears.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Shiloh showed him what he could ask of his men, and indeed what he MUST ask of them.
Philip Treacy|Architecture is art, nothing else.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Strikes|His Majesty needs a can-I girl anyway. And I'm not it.""A can-I girl?" Andrea frowned. I leaned back. "'Can I fetch your food, Your Majesty? Can I tell you how strong and mighty you are, Your Majesty? Can I pick your fleas, Your Majesty? Can I kiss your ass, Your Majesty? Can I..." It dawned on me that Raphael was sitting very still. Frozen, like a statue, his gaze fixed on the point above my head. "He's standing behind me, isn't he?" Andrea nodded slowly."Technically it should be 'may I'," Curran said, his voice deeper than I remembered. "Since you're asking for permission." Why me? "To answer your question, yes, you may kiss my ass. Normally I prefer maintain my personal space, but you're a Friend of the Pack and your services have proven useful once or twice. I strive to accommodate the wishes of persons friendly to my people. My only question is, would kissing my ass be obeisance, grooming, or foreplay?
Nicholas Sparks|Incredulity and indifference were her only reaction: incredulity, because she could not conceive of what would bring human beings to such a state —indifference, because she could not regard those who reached it, as human any longer.
Jon Meacham, American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House|Jackson lead as he lived, sometimes with his heart, sometimes with his mind, sometimes with both.
André Brink, A Dry White Season|How dare I presume to say: He is my friend, or even, more cautiously, I think I know him? At the very most we are like two strangers meeting in the white wintry veld and sitting down together for a while to smoke a pipe before proceeding on their separate ways. No more.Alone. Alone to the very end. I… every one of us. But to have been granted the grace of meeting and touching so fleetingly: is that not the most awesome and wonderful thing one can hope for in this world?
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|You can live for a long time inside the shell you were born in. But one day it'll become too small.""Then what?" I ask."Well, then you'll have to find a larger shell to live in."I consider this for a moment. "What if it's too small but you still want to live there?"She sighs. "Gracious, child, what a question. I suppose you'll either have to be brave and find a new home or you'll have to live inside a broken shell.
Shivam Singh|I think I am at that stage of Life now where Success or Failure, nothing Bothers me. If I get little success then I get lots of rejections and failures on a regular basis too. But none of that bothers me at all. I can take failure as sportingly without getting bothered as I take success. And this is how my life has drastically changed in last one year or something. I don't do things anymore to please people around me and all I care about is If I am happy being where I am and I am enjoying doing what I am doing or not. I may not be where I want to be yet but I am Happy.This is what matters in Life. Isn't it? Find what you love. Sooner or Later but you need to find one day, and once you find, give your everything to it. There may be many failures and rejections on the way but you will reach where you want to be some day and most importantly, you will be happy and in Peace with where you are.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|It may well be that what we have hithertounderstood as architecture, and what we arebeginning to understand of technology, areincompatible disciplines. The architect whoproposes to run with technology knows nowthat he will be in fast company, and that inorder to keep up he may have to discard hiswhole cultural load, including the professionalgarments by which he is recognized as anarchitect. If, on the other hand, he decides notto do this, he may find that a technologicalculture has decided to go on without him.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|I wanted to stay this way forever.Which, it turns out, was exactly five more minutes.
Donna Shalala|I've worked as a labourer, driven taxis and school buses, and been a car mechanic - whatever I could do just to get by. But it does mean that I know a little bit about a lot of things.
E. Nesbit|It wouldn't do to go mixing up the present and the past, and cutting bits out of one to fit into the other.
William Elias|Some say the bible teaches that with our tongues we can speak, set things into motion both good and bad, life and death. What we bind and loose on earth will be bound and loosed in heaven.
Richard Bach, Nothing by Chance|We reviewed the ways we had to bring customers: Method A, flying aerobatics at the edge of town. Method B, the parachute jump. Then we began experimenting with Method C. There is a principle that says if you lay out a lonely solitaire game in the center of the wilderness, someone will soon come along to look over your shoulder and tell you how to play your cards. This was the principle of Method C. We unrolled our sleeping bags and stretched out under the wing, completely uncaring.
Crystal Eastman|I don't believe in social equality, and they know it.
Stefan Emunds, Genesis|In the beginnings, God Mother separates the earth from the heavens.
Cindy C. Bennett, Geek Girl|You always say that I’m beautiful. Will you still love me when I’m old?"Geoff’s hand made small circles on his stomach."Elijah." Geoff rarely called him that, and he turned his head to look into Geoff’s eyes. "I don’t love you because you’re beautiful. You’re beautiful because I love you.
Thomas Kempis|First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons|I was wishing I was invisible. Outside, the leaves were falling to the ground, and I was infinitely sad, sad down to my bones. I was sad for Phoebe and her parents and Prudence and Mike, sad for the leaves that were dying, and sad for myself, for something I had lost.
Darren Shan, Palace of the Damned|If you’re not good, I’ll burn your—”“Yeah, I know.” MeShack strolled to his bedroom. “You’ll burn my balls off.
Liel Leibovitz, A Broken Hallelujah: Rock and Roll, Redemption, and the Life of Leonard Cohen|Perhaps no line of Cohen’s better captures the essence of his vision. He is telling his listeners what prophetically inclined rabbis have been telling theirs for thousands of years, namely that the world is a place of suffering, that no celestial cataclysm could ever change that, but that there are things here on this earth - art, love, friendship, kindness, music, sex - that have the power to redeem us.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|The mistake our politicians so often make with these industry leaders is in thinking they are interested in, or respectful of, the power of government. All they want is to keep stealing. If you can offer them the government’s seal of approval on that, they’ll take it. But if you can’t, well, they’ll take that too.
George S. Patton Jr.|Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.
Juliette Binoche|I'm naturally a muscular gal with some curves, so eating a Mediterranean diet makes my body happy.
Vincent van Gogh|Paris was a universe whole and entire unto herself, hollowed and fashioned by history; so she seemed in this age of Napoleon III with her towering buildings, her massive cathedrals, her grand boulevards and ancient winding medieval streets--as vast and indestructible as nature itself. All was embraced by her, by her volatile and enchanted populace thronging the galleries, the theaters, the cafes, giving birth over and over to genius and sanctity, philosophy and war, frivolity and the finest art; so it seemed that if all the world outside her were to sink into darkness, what was fine, what was beautiful, what was essential might there still come to its finest flower. Even the majestic trees that graced and sheltered her streets were attuned to her--and the waters of the Seine, contained and beautiful as they wound through her heart; so that the earth on that spot, so shaped by blood and consciousness, had ceased to be the earth and had become Paris.
Michael Swanwick, Rogues|Self-government is in inverse ratio to numbers. The larger the constituency, the less the value of any par­ticular vote. When he is merely one of millions, the individual elector feels himself to be impotent, a neg­ligible quantity. The candidates he has voted into office are far away, at the top of the pyramid of power. Theoretically they are the servants of the people; but in fact it is the servants who give orders and the peo­ple, far off at the base of the great pyramid, who must obey.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Frankly, my height or lack thereof never bothered me much. Although there is no doubt that it has contributed to a certain mental toughness. I've made the most of the head start one gains from being underestimated.
Mark  Jackman, Shadow of the Badger|His only real financial failure came at the age of thirteen when, in an uncharacteristic error of judgement, he invested £200,000 of his own savings in wooden socks, an invention that never caught on as he had hoped.
E.A.A. Wilson, Ascension Denied|I have been capable of some mischief in the past. I know what rebellion feels like. Everyone and everything is provided with a destiny, but there is no obligation whatsoever to fulfill it. Some just prefer to ignore the humming of their soul.
Dave Matthews Band|Im not going to change my ways, just to please you or appease you, inside a crowd five billion proud willing to punch it out, right, wrong, weak strong, ashes to ashes all fall down.
CeCe Peniston|I think that our culture is doing something to women - let's say women in their late 30s and 40s and probably even 50s, - where they really are expected to keep this insane level of fitness and youth. I find that just a real waste of women's lives. I really do think that.
Thomas Hulme|To generalize is to be an idiot," said Blake. Perhaps he went too far. But to generalize is to be a finite mind. Generalities are the lenses with which our intellects have to manage.
Debasish Mridha|If you truly love someone, he or she will never able to hurt you.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|But love, sooner or later, forces us out of time. It does not accept that limit. Of all that we feel and do, all the virtues and all the sins, love alone crowds us at last over the edge of the world. For love is always more than a little strange here. It is not explainable or even justifiable. It is itself the justifier. We do not make it. If it did not happen to us, we could not imagine it. It includes the world and time as a pregnant woman includes her child whose wrongs she will suffer and forgive. It is in the world but is not altogether of it. It is of eternity. It takes us there when it most holds us here.
Dominic Riccitello|Sure, he might not have been perfect, but if I thought he was, isn’t that all that matters?
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|Men are stupid and ignorant. That is why they suffer. Instead of thinking, they believe all that they are told, all that they are taught. They choose their lords and masters without judging them, with a fatal taste for slavery.
Lysa TerKeurst, Becoming More Than a Good Bible Study Girl|Lord, Your Word is a love letter to me, showing me how much You love me. And every time I read it, I love You more.
Juvy Ann, If We Fall InLove: Romance|My thoughts are free to go anywhere,but its suprising how often they head in your direction
Sunday Adelaja|Success is a process of learning, growth, progression and faithfulness.
Susan Ee, End of Days|It was hope, dying unsurprised.
Peter Geye|We had scar-tissueromance and ours wasa relationship of sayinggoodbye—every timewe fought, every timewe fucked, and every timewe called it quits, beforepicking up our knivesagain
Rebecca Black|I smile every time I hear that I'm a fan favorite or a teenage hottie. It is a nice compliment, and the remarks from the fans are great.
Kierra C.T. Banks|I am the bended, but not broken. I am the power of the thunderstorm. I am the beauty in the beast. I am the strength in weakness. I am the confidence in the midst of doubt. I am Her!
Max Lucado|Prayer lets God do what he does best. Take a pebble & kill a Goliath. Take the common, make it spectacular! Pray & see what He can do.
John Green|So I let her go, too. And I'm sorry. I know you loved her. It was hard not to.Takumi
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|We could see that our mothers blackmailed us with self-sacrifice, even if we did not know whether or not they might have been great opera stars or toasts of the town if they had not borne us. In our intractable moments we pointed out that we had not asked to be born, or even to go to an expensive school. We knew that they must have had motives of their own for what they did with us and to us. The notion of our parents' self-sacrifice filled us not with gratitude but with confusion and guilt. We wanted them to be happy yet they were sad and deprived and it was our fault.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When the “evil day” comes, we do not have to be dependent upon the circumstances around us, but rather on the resources of God!
Robert Jordan, The Dragon Reborn|Perhaps no one religion contains all the truth of the world. Perhaps every religion contains fragments of the truth and it is our responsibility to identify those fragments and piece them together. Or perhaps the elves are right and there are no gods. But how can I know for sure?" - Pg 479 Brisingr
D.L. Hess, Sir|I look around, hoping I can postpone the indignity of stuttering like a lunatic in front of the sexiest man alive – according to People magazine, twice – while giving him crazy eyes. Of course, everyone looks like they’re taken care of. Except for Mr. Sexypants, major Hollywood actor, Nathanial Stone, Sir.
Liu Xiaobo|While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Welcome to the fascinating world of the undead! Please use this guidebook as ahandy reference as you make your first steps toward eternity. Inside you will findinformation on vampire nutrition, relationships, and safety. But before learningabout your future, a word about our past…—From The Guide for the Newly Undead
Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy|You’ve got to think about big things while you’re doing small things, so that all the small things go in the right direction.
Eduardo Galeano|I have crazy claustrophobic dreams, weird elevator dreams where the elevator closes in and all of a sudden I am lying down - oh my God, it's a casket. Just freaky stuff like that.
Thomas A. Edison|When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.
Bela Lugosi|I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all but, to tell you the truth I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.
Pierce Brown|Fly high, feel the music, and forever dance free
Samuel Rutherford, A Selection from His Letters|[S]how yourself a Christian, by suffering without murmuring; - in patience possess your soul: they lose nothing who gain Christ.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|The law of karma says that no matter what context I find myself in, it is neither my parents, nor my science teacher, nor the mailman, but I alone who have brought myself into this state because of my past actions. Instead of trapping me in a fatalistic snare, this gives me freedom. Because I alone have brought myself into my present condition, I myself, by working hard and striving earnestly, can reach the supreme state which is nirvana.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The lives of thousands of young Frenchmen were ready for this literary bath of blood and sentiment in the 1830's. Their fathers and grandfathers had had their romanticism in the raw: the drama of the French Revolution, the glamour of the Napoleonic campaigns in Europe and in Africa had filled their lives with colour; now the young people, listening with envy to reminiscence and tradition, knew they were living in a world that had become flat and dull. For the unshackling of the Revolution and the pageantry and devotion of the Empire had been succeeded by two colourless Bourbon kings, who had learned nothing from the times and were so stupid as to insist on absolutism without providing any splendour to justify it; and when their line was expelled in a minor revolution in 1830 they were replaced by their even more colourless cousin, Louis Philippe of Orleans, a constitutional monarch whose virtue was that he was more bourgeois than the bourgeois and whom the newspapers caricatured unendingly, strolling with his family past the shops he owned, carrying an umbrella under his arm. In placing him on the throne the French bourgeoisie consolidated the gains it had begun to make forty years before, and his prime minister gave the watchword of the day when he urged his fellow-citizens to make as much money as they possibly could. The French bourgeois — the revolutionaries of 1789, the conquerors of Europe under Napoleon — became rich, smug, tenacious, and fearful of change; and their children and grandchildren, the young men of Flaubert's generation, were raised in an atmosphere of careful, commercial materialism, of complete lack of interest in literature and the arts, and of complete distrust of impulse and imagination.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Her eyes always had a frantic, lost look. He could never cure her eyes of that.
Debasish Mridha|Radiate your lights of love to enlighten the whole world, like the sun.
Ronda Rousey, My Fight / Your Fight|When people say, "Oh you're so cocky. You're so arrogant," I feel like they're telling me that I think too highly of myself. My question for them is: "Who are you to tell me that I need to think less of myself?
Lana M. H. Wilder|The seeds of life inside my womb were present at my birth; a gift from mother's mother, on back to Mother Earth.
John Sutherland|All around the recognized word and the comprehended sentence, the other graphisms take flight, carrying with them the visible plenitude of shape and leaving only the linear, successive unfurling of meaning -- not one drop of rain falling after another, much less a feather or a torn-of leaf.
Susan E. Isaacs, Angry Conversations with God: A Snarky but Authentic Spiritual Memoir|If my sinfulness appears to me to be in any way smaller or less detestable in comparison with the sins of others, I am still not recognizing my sinfulness at all. ... How can I possibly serve another person in unfeigned humility if I seriously regard his sinfulness as worse than my own?
Savion Glover|With any luck, Heaven itself will resemble a vast used bookstore, with a really good cafe in one corner, serving dark beer and kielbasa to keep up one's strength while browsing, and all around will be the kind of angels usually found in Victoria's Secret catalogs.
Shaun White|My dad turned me onto Peter Sellers as a kid. I loved the fact that he was a unique combination of being extremely subtle and over-the-top all at the same time, and that's a hard thing to do. I admire that.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are living in a topsy-turvy world, where all is confusion. But you may be sure that it is confusion with a plan—Satan’s plan!
Mindy Kaling|I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
Michael P.V. Barrett, Beginning at Moses: A Guide to Finding Christ in the Old Testament|... for miracles to happen, God, need our cooperation. As Pastor Charles once told me, God can throw us a rope to save us, but we have to hold to it.
Scott Hastie|Open the doors of your heart and they will come…And for every cruel arrow,Sweet caresses of delirium alsoTo nourish your soul.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|It was a tribute to Raphael that lesser artists wanted to copy his work, but this… this was a travesty. The fresco consisted of Galatea’s apotheosis, wherein she is surrounded by mythical creatures. A beautiful scene, with all the potential in the world, but very poorly executed here. Galatea herself looked vapid and empty. The rest of the painting indicated pure ignorance on the part of the painter. I shook my head in confusion. The giant Polyphemus was depicted with two normal eyes, when clearly he ought to have but one. Triton, for his horn, was using not a shell but an actual trumpet of brass. I nearly laughed aloud at that observation; would not such an instrument be completely destroyed by seawater? Who the devil had painted this monstrosity?
Jorge Luis Borges|Long gone was the cheery welcome of the seaside hotelier, replaced by a weary nostalgia for the good old days.
Matt      Chandler|It was tempting to take refuge in feelings of British superiority, although I disliked myself for it and hoped it didn't show.
Gary Coleman|When I write software, I know that it will fail, either due to my own mistake, or due to some other cause.
Pope John Paul II|We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Slavoj Žižek|Stop longing.You poison today’s ease, reaching always for tomorrow.
Yasmine Sherif (The Case for Humanity: An Extraordinary Session)|We stand at a crossroads. Do we choose 'the will to power' or 'the will to humanity,' or perhaps a new configuration of both: the power of humanity?
Katherine Langford|The eighties were my teen years, so the GoGos are sort of a touchstone.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Ruin|He thinks money spent on a home is money wasted. He's lived too much in hotels. Never the best hotels, of course. Second-rate hotels. He doesn't understand a home. He doesn't feel at home in it. And yet, he wants a home. He's even proud of having this shabby place. He loves it here.
omer dar|I reached inside her and pulled out the deepest memories in her body, the memories that words can’t describe, the memories that are as much a piece of her as her arms and legs. Those are the ones she’s filled with now.
Sebastian Thrun|Fear, love, and hunger were the agents that developed the wits of the lower animals, as they were, of course, the prime factors in developing the intelligence of man.
Debasish Mridha|We often concentrate on the negative side of humanity. However, humanity is growing and maturing everyday and showing signs of a better future.
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|You’re mad,” he said in a low voice, “if you think I would leave you now. I’ll see you safe and well no matter what it takes.
James Patrick Kinney|Actually, this is a poem my father once showed me, a long time ago. It has been bastardized many times, in many ways, but this is the original:The Cold Within Six men trapped by happenstance,in bleak and bitter coldEach possessed a stick of wood,or so the story's told. Their dying fire in need of logs,the first man held his back For of the faces round the fire,he noticed one was black. One man looking cross the way, saw one not of his churchAnd could not bring himself to givethe fire his stick of birch. The third one sat in tattered clothes,he gave his coat a hitchWhy should his log be put to useto warm the idle rich?The rich man just sat back and thoughtof the wealth he had in store And how to keep what he had earnedfrom the lazy, shiftless poor.The black man's face bespoke revengeas the fire passed from his sight,For all he saw in his stick of woodwas a chance to spite the white.And the last man of this forlorn groupdid naught except for gain,Giving only to those who gave,was how he played the gameThe logs held tight, in death's stillhands,was proof of human sinThey didn't die from the cold without,they died from the cold within.
Eileen Anglin|I remember the philosopher Bertrand Russell was asked why he spent his time protesting against nuclear war and getting arrested on demonstrations. Why didn’t he continue to work on the serious philosophical and logical problems which have major intellectual significance? And his answer was pretty good. He said: “Look, if I and others like me only work on those problems, there won’t be anybody around to appreciate it or be interested.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo|When you dig just the tiniest bit beneath the surface, everyone's love life is original and interesting and nuanced and defies any easy definition.
Mel Martinez|Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.
R.A.Delmonico|Handling power is very much like handling explosives, you have to have a great deal of respect for it and most people don't.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|For beautiful success, serve with love and serve with courage.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|God is not ecstatic about the lack you are experiencing; He is not delightful over your failures, He is not happy about your stagnancy.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|This is how women self-sabotage and self-destruct. Unless we have constant witnesses to our hard work, we are convinced we pull off every day of our lives through smoke and mirrors. (27)
Ellen Schreiber, The Coffin Club|When I thought of the ferocity and strength of the fairy race, and the fact that it took all I had to open the damn blister pack and extricate the water pistols, my chosen method of defense seemed ludicrous. I'd be armed with a plastic water pistol and a trowel.
Chandrakant Kaluram Mhatre|Genius is the ability to push one's limits beyond the limits each time, every endeavour.
Sana  Krasikov, The Patriots|Florence, listen to me carefully.... Take whatever that agent offers you. Give him what he wants, and don’t ask too many questions. Get yourself an exit visa as soon as you can. Then leave! Disappear. Forget this wretched place
Pema Chödrön|we not only wish to be pleased, but to be pleased in that particularway in which we have been accustomed to be pleased.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Until we can receive with an open heart, we're never really giving with an open heart. When we attach judgment to receiving help, we knowingly or unknowingly attach judgment to giving help.
Alvar Aalto|Find something that you love to do, and find a place that you really like to do it in. I found something I loved to do. I'm a mechanical engineer by training, and I loved it. I still do. My son is a nuclear engineer at MIT, a junior, and I get the same vibe from him. Your work has to be compelling. You spend a lot of time doing it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mind your strength! Let people know that you are strong and let them see how strong you are, and who or what makes you strong, but in doing so, be careful showing people the true source of your strength for not all people deserve to know that! You may never know what is behind the mind! Sometimes in life, the day you show people how wise you are, the very day you show them how unwise you are! Get understanding and walk in wisdom!
Lillian Russell|Having a baby is one of the most wonderful things in your life, as well as the hardest thing in your life.
David Clement-Davies, The Sight|If you’d rather not go with me, I will completely understand and won’t hate you for more than a day. Maybe two.
Gina Berriault, Stolen Pleasures: Selected Stories of Gina Berriault|Some days after, the girl encountered her again, in a dream, as she was years ago: a very slender young woman in a long white skirt, her amber hair to her waist, her eyes coal black with ardor.
Pierre Berton|If Heaven actually exists, I don't need anyone to be my real estate broker. After all, what is religion but an attempt to sell you a share in the ultimate gated community?
Ilchi Lee, Brain Wave Vibration: Getting Back Into the Rhythm of a Happy, Healthy Life|All brains are good brains. However, information can affect the brain in ways that can distort its functioning. When negative information has taken over the natural workings of the brain, you could say that a good brain has become a bad brain. The brain naturally distinguishes positive information from negative, but sometimes we simply lose trust in our brain, allowing outside information to run the show.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|But now I understood that, although words were God's first creation, silence was closer to His divine spirit, and that prayers given in silence were infinitely greater than the thousands of words men might offer up to heaven.
Sarah-Kate Lynch, The Wedding Bees: A Novel of Honey, Love, and Manners|The estate looked vast and prosperous- on the surface, at least. Bella Vista was stunningly lovely, the orchards well tended and clearly productive. If there was a place in the world that was closer to heaven, she wasn't aware of it. Bella Vista- Beautiful View. A panorama view of the orchards, herb and flower fields radiated outward from the patio. The scents of ripe apples, lavender and roses rode the breeze, mingling with the mind-melting aroma of Isabel's fresh-baked croissants.
Douglas Adams|If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
John Connolly, The Infernals|Father never went into depth about what happened if I woke up, unable to remember how I’d died, but most definitely in the hands of those not selected to have s’mores and sleepovers for all of eternity.
George W. Bush|I'm a pragmatist. I think, as a woman, you have to be more careful. You have to be more communal, you have to say yes to more things than men, you have to worry about things that men don't have to worry about. But once we get enough women into leadership, we can break stereotypes down. If you lead, you get to decide.
Sophie Oak, Bound|I can't sleep,I can't but when all else fails I just breath...
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|My God - it's a green child!" said the American. "What is this place - the House of Usher?
Helen Potrebenko, Taxi!: A Novel|Suddenly Dallington burst into speech. 'Listen, Lenox - I want to apologize...'Lenox waved a dismissive hand. 'You're young,' he said. 'There are many lessons before you, some harder than this one... All too often things are blurry, though, John. It's the way of the world. Humans are blurry creatures,
Louis Agassiz|The American people need to know the truth. The American people need to see the truth. In a democracy, letting the people know the truth is the essence of what it means to be free.
Cary Fukunaga|My personal decorating style is cozy, romantic and a little rustic, with a sense of whimsy.
Morten Høgsberg|Revenge might be sweet and although friendship might be sweeter, once you find true love you will tast the sweetest thing life has to offer
Bob Marley|Denial, panic, threats, anger - those are very human responses to feeling guilt.
Alin Sav|No one can prove logically, that the Bible is the word of God, but what Jesus did proved crazily the love of God.
R.J.  Leahy, Fat Chance|Terrible accident; body parts was everywhere—-fingers, toes, wings, beaks. Ambulance people tried to scoop him all up, but apparently it ain’t so easy as you might think—telling a chicken from a Chinaman, I mean. Anyways, they got his weight off his driver’s license, picked up a hundred and thirty pounds of pieces and buried ‘em. Now his wife come every year 'bout this time to pay her respects. We don't serve chicken while she's here. Hope you ain't got a taste for it.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|I don’t reckon it’s allowed, going round setting fire to people,” said Adam. “Otherwise people’d be doin’ it all the time.”“It’s all right if you’re religious,” said Brian reassuringly. “And it stops the witches from goin’ to Hell, so I expect they’d be quite grateful if they understood it properly.
Munia Khan|I heard your whispered fantasies so clear Softly told in my earI opened my eyes you weren't thereSo real my dream, I was so awareBut we'll meet again so certainlyIn our whispered fantasy
Hub, Okko: The Cycle of Fire|Sadly, there are many forces more powerful and devestating than love... Among them for example, the anger and jealousy of a spurned husband or lover. Fire begets passions, but it also burns.
Amit Kalantri|My beauty is my eccentricity, when I am out people stare at me and speak, look at that creative guy, unique guy, different guy.
Lila Bowen, Wake of Vultures|She was ugly, was all they'd told her. But she didn't find them beautiful, so what did it matter?
Paradise Fears|Do you remember when we learned how to fly? We'd play make-believe, we were young and had time on our side
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|There's something quite special about a granny's house. Even if ten or twenty or thirty years go by, you never forget how it smells.
Vladimir Sergeyevich Solovyov, The Meaning of Love|The targets of this story are not "wayward sinners" but religious people who do everything the Bible requires. Jesus is pleading not so much with immoral outsiders as with moral insiders. H wants to show them their blindness, narrowness, and self righteousness, and how these things are destroying both their own souls and the lives of the people around them.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|We like who we become in response to injustice: it makes it easy to choose a side. Our capacity to care, to get angry, is called forth like some muscle we weren't entirely aware we had.
Tony Hoare|There are two ways of constructing a piece of software: One is to make it so simple that there are obviously no errors, and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious errors.
William Least Heat-Moon, Blue Highways|Memory is each man's own last measure, and for some, the only achievement.
Coco J. Ginger|Maybe she had it wrong all this time and her empty heart could never be filled by his ingenious broken spirit. Maybe this yearning had nothing to do with him, and everything to do with her.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Perception of a self is not simply about actuality. Human beings’ identities are self-generating and people constantly revise and recreate the story of their being. Coming-into-being, not being, is the highest expression of reality. We only attain the fullest knowledge of a living thing including ourselves when we know what it was, understand what it now is, and understand what it can become. We do not know the truth of a living thing’s existence until we discern its entire history from development to demise.
Terri Gillespie, Cut It Out!|It was happening. At least in that little section of the salon, women were connecting and doing what women knew how to do, show compassion, nurturing—helping someone fit in.
Bryan Curtis, Classic Wisdom for the Good Life|The trick, it seems to me, is to stave off regret. That’s what the whole thing is about. And we can’t stave it off forever, because it is impossible not to make the mistakes that let regret in, but the best of us manage to limp on into our sixties or seventies before we succumb. Me, I made it to about thirty-seven, and David made it to the same age, and my brother gave up the ghost even before that. And I’m not sure that there is a cure for regret. I suspect not.
Martin J. Rees|The science done by the young Einstein will continue as long as our civilization, but for civilization to survive, we'll need the wisdom of the old Einstein -- humane, global and farseeing. And whatever happens in this uniquely crucial century will resonate into the remote future and perhaps far beyond the Earth, far beyond the Earth
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|We must understand that out of community and dialogue, the answers will arrive in their own time and way.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May I never forsake thee, my God.
Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar', रश्मिरथी|वसुधा का नेता कौन हुआ?भूखंड-विजेता कौन हुआ?अतुलित यश-क्रेता कौन हुआ?नव-धर्म-प्रणेता कौन हुआ?जिसने न कभी आराम किया,विघ्नों में रहकर नाम किया
Anton Chekhov|Fuck I hate fucksWho think they’re so fucking greatThey know everything about fucking,When they’re just fucking fucks fucking!And no one changes the fucking worldWhen they keep fucking to another fuck’s fuck.
John O. Brennan|We are in this business, whether it be intelligence or the government, to protect freedom, democracy and liberty, not to violate that.
Esi Edugyan, The Second Life of Samuel Tyne|She thought often of her own death, but without fear, loss having been her only belonging in this life. For years, acceptance had been her only means of survival. She knew that no matter how miserable or wretched life became, all she could do with her meek piece of time was sustain it. Decades of guilt, lost faith, the betrayal by those few people she'd let herself love - it was worth enduring these things, if only for the gift of a single, exalted moment. And such moments happened, even frequently, in the lives of people wise enough to see them.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|I think wow, I imagine this is what it's like to have friends.
Nutan Bajracharya|Follow your passion, but never forget your responsibilities.
Paul Farmer|Most of my ideas come from drawing patterns across conversations I have with different types of people - technology investors, young fashion design students, a CEO. This variety is stimulating and offers many different perspectives on the things I am thinking about.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Finding your own metaphor for intuition is one of the best ways to give it form, an essential step in developing your intuitive thinking.
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|He covered her mouth with his ---and she felt as if she had suddenly been enveloped in a cascade of sparks. The tingling warmth from his touch did not compare to the sensations that whirled through her as his lips moved over hers. It was as if every part of her body had at once become brilliantly alive.His beard was a startling, silky roughness against her skin. His other hand came to rest at her waist, drawing her in tight, and her body seemed to meld to his hard, lean lines, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Her thoughts scattered. A sound escaped her, soft and deep, unlike any sound she had ever made in her life.Then his tongue touched her lower lip and she gave a startled little squeak.Her suddenly lifted his mouth from hers, his eyes midnight blue, his voice husky. "You have never even been kissed before, leannan. You are as innocent as the day you first set foot in the convent.
Arthur Koestler, The Ghost in the Machine|When you realize that there's a name and a description for this condition that you thought was insanity, you've identified the problem, and now you can do something about it.
Rahul Gandhi|When I wrote Living in the Light, I wanted to share about how I live my own life and to encourage people to tap into their own inner wisdom.
Dalai Lama XIV|What'll you do if you can't find a way to cure him?" Seth asked.Dale paused. "I'll never know that day has come, because I'll never stop trying.
Racheal Lachman|In the still of the night, when you are serenely falling asleep and an epiphany suddenly hits you. Roll your ass off that bed and start typing because that fleeting moment will never pass by you again...You can sleep when your dead!!!
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|My brain came alight with tenderness for her. I felt so sorry for everything. I yearned to embrace her, kiss her even, to stay with her, always her, my sister, my friend to the end. It was a story after all, even if a sick one. It was completely ours.
Nancy Kress|From my anger, frustration, and hurt, I wrote the short story that would later become 'The Hate U Give.'
Steve Martin|I think I did pretty well, considering I started out with nothing but a bunch of blank paper.
Ranbir Kapoor|We esteem, honor, and love the apostles more than the other saints, because they served God more faithfully and because they loved Him more perfectly.
Anthony Robbins|Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're trying to find someone who's going to make them feel good. In reality, the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give, and not a place that you go to take. 
Penelope Douglas, Corrupt|The only way you can become brave is, going through the fear but not going away from it.
honeya|The life is all about sharing a little part of your life to make others happy, to became happy.
Paul La Farge, The Night Ocean|Clearly, you don't know much about horror, he said. Horror is premised on the experience of what we do not and cannot understand, whereas what you're talking about is mere low-class smut, which every schoolboy has encountered before he's in long pants.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How could you fail to feel uplifted when a voice was telling you at every step that the year, month, day, season, place, even that very moment were blessed?
Michael Herr, Dispatches|We took space back quickly, expensively, with total panic and close to maximum brutality. Our machine was devastating. And versatile. It could do everything but stop.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|No matter how many times you get sunk in life, but there have been always a new hope and opportunity to rise.
Debasish Mridha|To be respected, respect others.
Peter F. Hamilton, Great North Road|What’s the difference? Fill a hundred pits with dead Northmen, congratulations, have a parade! Kill one man in the same uniform as you? A crime. A murder. Worse than despicable. Are we not all men? All blood and bone and dreams?
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, A New Way to Get More Living Out of Life|You can teach a person all you know, but only experience will convince him that what you say is true.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|I can't be a priest because although my heart is as loud as hers I can pretend no answering riot. I have shouted to God and the Virgin, but they have not shouted back and I'm not interested in the still small voice. Surely a god can meet passion with passion? She says he can. Then he should.
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|Next time she’d have to ask him to keep the light on while he did it, so she could watch his face. That was the best part of the whole thing as far as she was concerned, the way a guy’s face contorted so violently and then relaxed, as if some terrible mystery had just been solved.
Joe Biden|I think the most fun part about working on 'Good Luck Charlie' is spending time with everyone, honestly, because everybody on set is like my brother and sister and mom and dad. They're so fun to be around, so that's probably the best part about working there.
Geri Halliwell|For me, art is about learning and about living with people. It's alive.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|And when you look at the sky you know you are looking at stars which are hundreds and thousands of light-years away from you. And some of the stars don’t even exist anymore because their light has taken so long to get to us that they are already dead, or they have exploded and collapsed into red dwarfs. And that makes you seem very small, and if you have difficult things in you life it is nice to think that they are what is called negligible, which means they are so small you don’t have to take them into account when you are calculating something.
Debasish Mridha|Nature finds its peace in silence, forgiveness, and universal love.
Liu Yiming, Awakening to the Tao|And Kelsea wondered suddenly whether humanity ever actually changed. Did people grow and learn at all as the centuries past? Or was humanity merely like the tide, enlightenment advancing and then retreating as circumstances shifted? The most defining characteristic of the species might be lapse.
William Faulkner|I would say that music is the easiest means in which to express, but since words are my talent, I must try to express clumsily in words what the pure music would have done better.
Sarah Rajkotwala, The Year of Talking to Plants: The Plants and Fairies Talk in Their Own Words|Everything is conspiring to make your life better, in all ways.- Sarah Rajkotwala
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire: Redemption|Leaning forward in the chair, Harley squeezed out a controlled fart, so no one could hear it. This damn reception area was like a echo chamber. If he weren’t careful, it could reverberate around the hall like a shotgun blast.
Shannon L. Alder|Dear my strong girls, you will all go through that phase of life making a mistake of helping a toxic girl whose friendship with you turns into her self-interest. This kind of girls is a real burden towards the empowerment of other females as they can never get past their own insecurity and grow out of high-school-like drama. Despite how advanced we are in educating modern women, this type will still go through life living in identity crisis, endlessly looking for providers of any kind at the end of the day. They can never stand up for others or things that matter because they can't stand up for themselves. They care what everyone thinks only doing things to impress men, friends, strangers, everyone in society except themselves, while at the same time can't stand seeing other women with purpose get what those women want in life. But let me tell you, this is nothing new, let them compete and compare with you as much as they wish, be it your career, love or spirit. You know who you are and you will know who your true girls are by weeding out girls that break our girlie code of honor, but do me a favor by losing this type of people for good. Remind yourself to never waste time with a person who likes to betray others' trust, never. Disloyalty is a trait that can't be cured. Bless yourself that you see a person's true colors sooner than later. With love, your mama. XOXO
Debasish Mridha|To live in bliss, love everything, including people, unconditionally.
Marc Faber|We teach about how to drive in school, but not how to manage finances.
Samhita Arni, Sita's Ramayana|War, in some ways, is merciful to men. It makes them heroes if they are the victors. If they are the vanquished - they do not live to see their homes taken, their wives widowed. But if you are a woman - you must live through defeat...
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Of all the icy blasts that blow on love, a request for money is the most chilling.
N'Zuri Za Austin, Fragments of a Reflection|I hate looking at you sometimes. Looking into the eyes of a woman that holds so many secrets, so much pain, so many regrets. On the surface, you seem so normal - as if life has been kind to you. But your eyes. - your eyes reveal a different story. Your eyes reveal...
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|It is hard enough to face the moral law even with the revelation that the divine justice and divine mercy are conjoined. It offends our pride to be forgiven, terrifies it to surrender control.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|The press was ruthless, but then so was the church.Flavia de Luce
Chip Conley|China is the largest and most ancient of Asiatic countries, but it is not for us boastfully to talk of her right to a position of 'leadership' among those countries.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|There is no pretending," Jace said with absolute clarity. "I love you, and I will love you until I die, and if there is life after that, I'll love you then.
Beatrix Potter|The three great elements of modern civilization, Gun powder, Printing, and the Protestant religion.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|I have yet to see a genius or a hero who, if stuck with a burning match, would feel less pain than his undistinguished average brother.
Angeles Kossio, The Library of Legends|He'd thought this was the start of something. But clearly she'd changed her mind, and he felt stunned by home quickly the whole thing had unraveled, the end coming before the beginning really even had a chance to begin.
Christina Aguilera, Christina Aguilera: "Back to Basics"|why can't we love the right people? what is so wrong with us that we rush into situations to which we are manifestly unsuited, which will hurt us and others? why are we given emotions which we cannot control and which move in exact contradiction to what we really want? we are walking conflicts, internal battles on legs.
Edward Hirsch|I have been connected with the Niels Bohr Institute since the completion of my university studies, first as a research fellow and, from 1956, as a professor of physics at the University of Copenhagen. After the death of my father in 1962, I followed him as director of the Institute until 1970.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|A grateful mind by owing owes not, but still pays, at once indebted and discharged; what burden then?
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much|Achieving the state of SABLE is not, as many people who live with these knitters believe, a reason to stop buying yarn, but for the knitter it is an indication to write a will, bequeathing the stash to an appropriate heir.
Juliet Jacques, Trans: A Memoir|We're forced to walk a difficult line by this insistence that we only write about our personal journeys," I told the audience. "We end up in this position of only being allowed to represent ourselves, but having to make sure we don't misrepresent everyone. This creates some division in our communities - everyone has their own opinion about what's good representation and what isn't, and you can't please them all." (p. 231)
Mike Birbiglia|My story starts with my dad, a black boy born to a single mother in a small town in North Carolina. It starts with my parents meeting in Washington, D.C., in the '60s, at a time of incredible activism.
Anaïs Nin|Our real discoveries come from chaos, from going to the place that looks wrong and stupid and foolish.
Tanya Masse|No matter what happens, you can get through this day. Inhale. Focus on the word, 'relax. Exhale. Say, 'I can do this!' And then do it.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|You noticed things. You're not sure when you start. It's only when you've noticed - noticed that you know you've noticed. Maybe between the first time when you're staring to think, Is this what I think it is? and the second time when you think, Yes, between those two times, there's a silence. A pause.
Sandhya Jane, Second Spring|It is a myth that women are the more complicated sex. Men too, have their moods and whims. They too, respond to every gauntlet that is thrown at them, either overtly or covertly.
C. JoyBell C.|The mathematical giant [Gauss], who from his lofty heights embraces in one view the stars and the abysses …
Alex Jiang|Trust means everything. But when it is broken, sorry mean nothing.
Ambrose Bierce, Ghost Stories|The exhilaration of battle was agreeable to him, but the sight of the dead, with their clay faces, blank eyes, and stiff bodies, which, when not unnaturally shrunken, were unnaturally swollen, had always intolerably affected him. He felt toward them a kind of reasonless antipathy which was something more than the physical and spiritual repugnance common to us all. Doubtless this feeling was due to his unusually acute sensibilities - his keen sense of the beautiful, which these hideous things outraged. Whatever may have been the cause, he could not look upon a dead body without a loathing which had in it an element of reselltment. What others have respected as the dignity of death had to him no existence - was altogether unthinkable. Death was a thing to be hated. It was not picturesque, it had no tender and solemn side - a dismal thing, hideous in all its manifestations and suggestions. Lieutenant Byring was a braver man than anybody knew, for nobody knew his horror of that which he was ever ready to encounter. ("A Tough Tussle")
Anna Lee|My dad's a Republican. My dad's my mentor. When I was 18 or whatever it was and I decided to register to vote. My dad's Republican, so that's what I decided to register as.
Habeeb Akande|Little boys run in gangs, grown men organise teams.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Never Beg SOMEONE to be in your life, You just have to believe that, You're worth more than you think
P.D. Ouspensky, A New Model of the Universe|Suddenly I began to find a strange meaning in old fairy-tales; woods, rivers, mountains, became living beings; mysterious life filled the night; with new interests and new expectations I began to dream again of distant travels; and I remembered many extraordinary things that I had heard about old monasteries. Ideas and feelings which had long since ceased to interest me suddenly began to assume significance and interest. A deep meaning and many subtle allegories appeared in what only yesterday had seemed to be naive popular fantasy or crude superstition. And the greatest mystery and the greatest miracle was that the thought became possible that death may not exist, that those who have gone may not have vanished altogether, but exist somewhere and somehow, and that perhaps I may see them again. I have become so accustomed to think "scientifically" that I am afraid even to imagine that there may be something else beyond the outer covering of life. I feel like a man condemned to death, whose companions have been hanged and who has already become reconciled to the thought that the same fate awaits him; and suddenly he hears that his companions are alive, that they have escaped and that there is hope also for him. And he fears to believe this, because it would be so terrible if it proved to be false, and nothing would remain but prison and the expectation of execution.
Laura Esquivel, The Law of Love|Surely the heart is not a fitting place to house hatred. But where is its place? I don't know. That is one of the universe's Unknowns. It would seem that the God's truly delight in messing things up, for in not having created a particular spot to house hatred, they have provoked eternal chaos. Hatred us forever hunting down a refuge, poking it's nose where it shouldn't, taking over sites reserved for others, invariably forcing out love.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Please,” I gasped out.He just brushed his lips against my jaw, my neck, my mouth.“Tamlin,” I begged. He palmed my breast, his thumb flicking over my nipple. I cried out, and he buried himself in me with a mighty stroke.For a moment, I was nothing, no one.Then we were fused, two hearts beating as one, and I promised myself it always would be that way as he pulled out a few inches, the muscles of his back flexing beneath my hands, and then slammed back into me. Again and again.I broke and broke against him as he moved, as he murmured my name and told me he loved me. And when that lightning once more filled my veins, my head, when I gasped out his name, his own release found him. I gripped him through each shuddering wave, savoring the weight of him, the feel of his skin, his strength.For a while, only the rasp of our breathing filled the room.I frowned as he withdrew at last—but he didn’t go far. He stretched out on his side, head propped on a fist, and traced idle circles on my stomach, along my breasts.
Lydia Supple|But in those first hours after you take it, your brain is tuned in like nothing you can imagine. Eyes like the Hubble telescope, sensing light that's not even on the spectrum. You might be able to read minds, make time stop, cook pasta that's exactly right every time.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|There is a savage beast in every man, and when you hand that man a sword or spear and send him forth to war, the beast stirs.
Gemma Malley, The Legacy|What is this thing, which is make us to understand ?Is it some kind of model, which is matching something bigger.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|She threw herself across her bed, weeping into a pillow. She knew just what she wanted -- the desire was a fierce ache inside her. But fiercer still was the knowledge that it was beyond the reach of a female.
Samuel Johnson|I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though...keep up with my news...check if I'm happy...
Tom Larcombe, Merlin's Travels|If there is anything in writing that comes easy for me it's making up metaphors. They just appear. I can't move two lines without all kinds of images. Then the problem is how to make the best of them. In its geological character, language is almost invariably metaphorical. That's how meanings tend to change. Words become metaphors for other things, then slowly disappear into the new image. I have a hunch, too, that the core of creativity is located in metaphor, in model making, really. A novel is a large metaphor for the world.
Anna Deavere Smith|I dated a guy and he liked me but I didn't like him. I went through his wardrobe and cleaned out his house and got him to get a new car. He said to me, 'If I give you $10,000, will you find me my wife because I want someone like you?' And within a year, he got married. That was the first match that led to me leaving my corporate job.
Rose Wynters, Curvaceous Condemnation|If you're signing up all the pretty girls in Alden, I want to join too," Max told Christy."We aren't taking men," she explained.He cocked his eyebrow. "What? We aren't sensitive enough for your kind of literature?"Christy turned to Annie and both broke into laughter. Annie leaned closer to Max and whispered, "We are talking cliterature here."His roguish smile was breathtaking. "Oh clits and chicks, I can handle that," he answered with a wink, his eyes glittering with laughter.
Alan Cohen|Truly creative people care little about what they have done, and a lot about what they are doing.
Maya Angelou|The Mac defined 'personal technology', and the iPhone defines 'intimate technology' as a convergence of communications, content and location.
VD.|Children must be taught how to think and not what to think. This is the responsibility of parents, if not parents, than the great community, who must equip them with the weapons of discernment and knowledge.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|...only more keenly aware of how her soul starved within her, its wings wasting with the despair of disuse.
Rolf and Ranger, Silver Bullet Everest|I'm fine.""You know how Flynn defines 'fine' as an answer?" Jake asked him conversationally. "He says it usually translates as an anagram: Fucked up, Insecure, Neurotic and Emotional. So which one do you want to go for?
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|Though the doctors treated him, let his blood, and gave him medications to drink, he nevertheless recovered.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we grow in faith, the more we grow in love.
Norman Vincent Peale|Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Megan  Winkler, Transmissions From Dating Land|I figure we go through things that make us stronger, but we also go through things that just simply piss us off.
Walter Benjamin, Illuminations: Essays and Reflections|Writers are really people who write books not because they are poor, but because they are dissatisfied with the books which they could buy but do not like.
Jade Chang, The Wangs vs. the World|Bravery is about overcoming fear, not about not having it. There's plenty I'm afraid of. Just not vampires.''We fear the unknown,' she said. 'You must know a lot about vampires.
Ann Fortier|Witchcraft isn't about picking up a book, and asking forgiveness.. or learning about spirituality through the words of others. What you learn from those books are the opinions of other people, and not your own. If this is what you believe then you are not an individual. Witchcraft is about accepting that YOU are responsible for the choices that YOU have made, and YOU teaching YOURSELF to make the right choices. Its about learning through YOUR OWN opinions, YOUR OWN life lessons, YOUR OWN inner self, and by doing so.. BECOME an individual.
Vignesh S|When we first wake up every morning, there’s a calm in our minds. The challenge is to keep it there all day.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give. To find one thankful man, I will oblige a great many that are not so.
Sunday Adelaja|Live not only for today, but nurse a vision, live for the future
Nancy Gibbs, The Presidents Club: Inside the World's Most Exclusive Fraternity|Lydon Johnson realized he really was President, that his identity had changed by President Kennedy's shocking death, when aides who had been like family to him minutes before, stood in his presence on Air Force One.
Kim Dong Hwa, The Color of Water|People say that a dog can sense the longing of a person, so perhaps he's barking in response to your heart.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|You are a miracle, you are a light. You are not made of our weaknesses but of your strengths. You are a masterpiece made by The Master. Don't see yourself less!
erica maples and Stefany Terherst|Ladies, set your standards high. Never lower them.. The day you do, you will get less then what you deserve.Every woman, deserves to be treated like a queen with respect. It's better to be single and fabulous on your own then to be in a relationship that isn't what you always dreamed of.
Nikki Rowe|Don't settle your wild, find a man who doesn't want to tame it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Avoid letting circumstances control your decisions and dictate your actions, thereby controlling your life.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|There is something stunningly narrow about how the Anthropic Principle is phrased. Yes, only certain laws and constants of nature are consistent with our kind of life. But essentially the same laws and constants are required to make a rock. So why not talk about a Universe designed so rocks could one day come to be, and strong and weak Lithic Principles? If stones could philosophize, I imagine Lithic Principles would be at the intellectual frontiers.
A. Zavarelli, King's Kitten|She blinked her eyes open, her lips parted and cheeks flushed, looking every bit like a goddess before him. And if he were a better man, he wouldn’t have been able to taint such purity. But he wasn’t a better man, and there was no turning back now.
Aleister Crowley, The Soul of the Desert|For, indeed, this is the great horror, solitude, when the soul can no longer bathe in the ever-changing mind, laugh as its sunlit ripples lap its skin, but, shut up in the castle of a few thoughts, paces its narrow prison, wearing down the stone of time, feeding on its own excrement. There is no star in the blackness of that night, no foam upon the stagnant and putrid sea. Even the glittering health that the desert brings to the body, is like a spear in the soul's throat. The passionate ache to act, to think: this eats into the soul like a cancer. It is the scorpion striking itself in its agony, save that no poison can add to the tortue of the circling fire; no superflux of anguish relieve it by annihilation. But against these paroxisms is an eightfold sedative. The ravings of madness are lost in soundless space; the struggles of the drowning man are not heeded by the sea.
Donika Kelly, Bestiary: Poems|You grow. You are large. You are a 19th century poem.All of America is inside you,a catalogue of lives and landand burrowing things.-From "Catalogue
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand|A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being.
Ashley Ormon, God in Your Morning|I have to keep facing the darkness. If I stand tall and face the thing I fear, I have a chance to conquer it. If I just keep dodging and hiding it will conquer me.
Marcia Sirota|This communal parenting brought me out of the privacy of our foreign enclave and into the public life of the community. Here, parenting was everyone’s responsibility; all adults were "aunties" and "uncles".
Addison Moore, Ethereal|When a guy says,'I'll call you,' and he doesn't say when-that means he won't call you." Kit pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed a couple buttons. My phone vibrated in my pocket. I fished it out, smiling. "Madness," Kit whispered softly into his phone. "I meant I'd call you. This is me calling you.
Tennessee Williams|Byron: The luxuries of this place have made me soft.The metal point's gone from my pen, there's nothing left but the feather.Gutman:That may be true.But what can you do about it?Byron:Make a departure.Gutman:From yourself?Byron:From my present self to myself as I used to be!Gutman:That's the furthest departure a man could make!
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|When Fortune knocks, open the door,' they say. But why should one make fortune knock, by keeping the door shut?
Susan Marie|We all have different paths. Sometimes we do not know why we gravitate towards one another, sometimes we do. As for myself, I put my everything into any relation and I love and give because that is who I am and am meant to do that, this is my path. In that, I am also human, and as humans, one cannot hold onto the divine, no matter how lovely, it cannot be owned, or kept and must be let go, all of it, people, love, attachment, expectations, no matter how we are received, treated, how we feel or how another feels or what they decide to do with their part of the bargain here because that is what every relation is, a bargain. All else leads to pain and suffering, On my end, I choose to learn and grow and can only hope the other person does too. I know when I am stepping into anything that it is not truly FOR me, yet I step, knowing there is a greater purpose. We all are learning tools, some of us know, some do not. Some relations are met only one way, some both ways, and in that, I do my best to let people and situations go, as they are meant, to be free, as we are all meant, in peace and I hope in my heart all of us live full beautiful lives. - Susan Marie
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|I seem to be allergic to whatever that terrible smell is," said Gateman when the urge to sneeze had finally subsided."What terrible smell?""The air," said Gateman. "It smells...different.""That's called oxygen," said Professor Boxley. "Freh air. No cars, no buses, no factories; just pure, clean oxygen.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The easiest way to leave the past behind is to remember that love does not live in the past, only memories — love lives in the present.
Christine Iliadis, Paradox of Freedom|It is the confession, not the Priest, that gives us absolution
Louisa May Alcott, Modern Magic|And I thought to myself how those fast little articles forget everything, everything, while we, old lovers, treasure every inch of their nymphancy
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|But there is only one mechanism to life, one way in which Reality functions. Theology, the rendered definition behind religion, philosophy and science all purport to depict that functionality. But if each fails to do so accurately, that invalidity needs to be exposed – and the only way to do that is to point out the fallacious elements of the description.
Trevor Noah|When you grow up in an extended family, or in a stable neighborhood with two or three generations of families who live there, you feel seen. Not just the good things you've done, the stuff you put on your resume. You know they've seen you in your dark times, when you've messed up - but they're still there.
Damien Echols, Life After Death|Prison is designed to separate, isolate, and alienate you from everyone and everything. You're not allowed to do so much as touch your spouse, your parents, your children. The system does everything within its power to sever any physical or emotional links you have to anyone in the outside world. They want your children to grow up without ever knowing you.They want your spouse to forget your face and start a new life. They want you to sit alone, grieving, in a concrete box, unable even to say your last farewell at a parent's funeral.
Steve Buyer|Our soldiers have nobly fought to protect freedom since our country's birth, and have fought to protect those that could not protect themselves, even in foreign lands when called upon.
Sunday Adelaja|Now, evolution is the substance of fossils hoped for, the evidence of links not seen.
DaShanne Stokes|Right now, many female activists in their forties, fifties, sixties, seventies, and eighties are gazing thoughtfully into the glowing embers of lesbian culture. For us, this is still an active campfire where we gather and warm ourselves; one which, we hope, will not fade away into forgotten ash, but instead retain hot coals to stoke new fires. Such images of heat and spark have always served to symbolize shifts in leadership; think of that other fire-based metaphor, the passing of the torch - presumably, to a next generation. What does it mean if that next generation is disdainful of the torch, welcomes its dousing, or lacks the data or the will to learn how it was lit and carried forward in the first place?
Richard Herley|You don’t have to be brave or a saint, a martyr, or even very smart to be an atheist. All you have to be able to say is “I don’t know”.
Elise Broach, Shakespeare's Secret|My dad always says, some people will treat you badly and you can't help that. But how you handle it and how it makes you feel, that's up to you.
Multatuli, Max Havelaar: Or the Coffee Auctions of the Dutch Trading Company|We thought we were invincible and Dominic proved us all wrong,” - Jesse Carlisle
John Lanchester, Capital|You must lay aside your greed; have no unworthy motive in your desire to become rich and powerful. It is legitimate and right to desire riches, if you want them for the sake of your soul, but not if you desire them for the lists of the flesh.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|How do you want the world to see you professionally? What kinds of work do you enjoy doing? Why are you on LinkedIn? Those are the questions you should think about when creating your LinkedIn profile, so it’s aligned with your personal brand. While marketing-speak like 'personal brand' feels fake to many of us, we’re really just talking about setting the right tone for your profile and positioning yourself for the kinds of opportunities you’re interested in.
David Gemmell|If there is one sound the follows the march of humanity, it is the scream.
Jason Wu|It is so important to be really true to yourself in design, and I am.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I fear that should I seek out the treasures around me, they might by comparison reveal that I have not cultivated the treasures within me.
Daniel G. Amen, Change Your Brain, Change Your Body: Use Your Brain to Get and Keep the Body You Have Always Wanted|And dieting, I discovered, was another form of disordered eating, just as anorexia and bulimia similarly disrupt the natural order of eating. "Ordered" eating is the practice of eating when you are hungry and ceasing to eat when your brain sends the signal that your stomach is full. ... All people who live their lives on a diet are suffering. If you can accept your natural body weight and not force it to beneath your body's natural, healthy weight, then you can live your life free of dieting, of restriction, of feeling guilty every time you eat a slice of your kid's birthday cake.
Agyness Deyn|I think the most important foundation about any relationship is just being honest. You've got to. My wife and I are honest to a fault with each other, and we're best friends on top of it, so we're very fortunate.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|We begin to understand that to co-parent is to one day look up and notice that you are on a roller coaster with another human being. You are in the same car, strapped down side by side and you can never, ever get off. There will never be another moment in your lives when your hearts don't rise and fall together, when your stomach doesn't churn in tandem, when you stop seeing huge hills emerge in the distance and simultaneously grab the sides of the car and hold on tight. No one except for the one strapped down beside you will ever understand the particular thrills and terrors of your ride.
Barbara Ehrenreich|[W]hen people are ashamed they hold aloof, above all from those nearest to them, and are unreserved with strangers
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Many people, who should have been rejoicing for what they've achieved, are rather regretting just because of one reason; they looked at what someone else was doing. Comparison eliminates contentment and then kills inner joy!
Thom Mayne|Frank Lloyd Wright made houses right up until the end. I think that's important because it gives you a direct connection to all the basic aspects of architecture - the spatial energy of the place, the construction, the materials, the site, the detail.
Ann Marie Aguilar|Writing fiction is a way of expressing feelings and revealing a certain truth about life, goals, dreams and desires.
Deyth Banger|The impact of the internet on economic development is shifting in two important directions. First, given the aging population and near-saturated market penetration in the advanced economies, most of the expansion of the internet related market will take place in developing countries like Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh. Secondly, the globalization of the internet is expected to increase the share of developing countries in the internet economy presenting a historic opportunity for the young and poor in Pakistan to improve their economic condition.
Evan W. Dorren, Simply Successful: Get What You Want, Love What You Get|Success is not an outcome of coincidence, but rather the tangible result of choice: Comfort or ambition; fleeting pleasure or lasting fulfillment; walking past the open gate, or walking through it.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|Equality is a myth to protect the weak. some of us are strong in the Force, others are not. Only a fool believes otherwise.
Richard Bode, First You Have to Row a Little Boat: Reflections on Life & Living|In the struggle for survival, the cutest win out at the expense of the less cute because they appeal more to celebrities and, through them, to a live television audience.
Kristina McMorris, The Pieces We Keep|The most wonderful type of love, she had learned, was the kind built with care and over time, through forgiveness and understanding, compromise and compassion, trust and acceptance. It was hidden in the minutiae of every day life; it was in the traded smiles during a radio show or the peaceful lulls on an evening stroll.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The deep breathe you just took to show that your problems are bigger than you, is the final breathe someone had taken right now in his life! As long as your breathe is not the final one, you still have a hope!
James R. Benn, The First Wave|Except for a roll of Harding's eyes, everyone ignored me, which is the way I liked it when I had to hang around with senior officers. They had a way of thinking up ideas that got you killed and them promoted.
Terry Pratchett|I staggered into a Manchester bar late one night on a tour and the waitress said "You look as if you need a Screaming Orgasm". At the time this was the last thing on my mind...
Deborah Brodie, In His Love|Count the cost of your calling, find the value of your dream, and most of all find your place in His love.
Francis Marion Crawford|Sure, cried the tenant men, but it's our land. We measured it and broke it up. We were born on it, and we got killed on it, died on it. Even if it's no good, it's still ours. That's what makes it ours-being born on it, working it, dying on it.
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|Fear is good. Like self-doubt, fear is an indicator. Fear tells us what we have to do. Remember our rule of thumb: The more scared we are of a work or calling, the more sure we can be that we have to do it. Resistance is experienced as fear; the degree of fear equates to the strength of Resistance. Therefore the more fear we feel about a specific enterprise, the more certain we can be that that enterprise is important to us and to the growth of our soul. That's why we feel so much Resistance. If it meant nothing to us, there'd be no Resistance.
G.K. Chesterton|There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
Zebulon Pike|Life is wonderful beautiful journey. Every episode of my life is like a dream, and I am at peace and happy with what life has given me.
Amy Tan|I've always had a love for poetry and when I got signed to a record label I thought, 'How odd that I'm doing a record before a book of poetry,'
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|The here and the beyond are enough, but there were a few angels for whom it was not enough: who demanded a third dimension--who sought fusions, communes, who ate each other and created sex.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Letters from Burma|Some of the most relaxing weekends I have ever enjoyed were those I spent quietly with a sense of all work to date completed, and an absorbing mystery.
Ron Paul|Every nation that has ended in tyranny has come to that end by way of good order. It certainly does not follow from this that peoples should scorn public peace, but neither should they be satisfied with that and nothing more. A nation that asks nothing of government but the maintenance of order is already a slave in the depths of its heart; it is a slave of its well-being, ready for the man who will put it in chains.
Terry Spear, The Vampire...In My Dreams|A human wasn't an acceptable boyfriend for a witch; nor would a human wish to date a witch. The two would never in a million light years be interested in each other. Then, again, unwritten rules were made to be broken.
Bryant McGill|Your unstoppable nature is becoming and blooming — you simply, are. Go easy.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Yes, I was infatuated with you: I am still. No one has ever heightened such a keen capacity of physical sensation in me. I cut you out because I couldn't stand being a passing fancy. Before I give my body, I must give my thoughts, my mind, my dreams. And you weren't having any of those.
Rohini Mohan, The Seasons of Trouble: Life Amid the Ruins of Sri Lanka's Civil War|From all that urges and admonishes, the romantic turns away. He wants to dream, enjoy, immerse himself, instead of clearing his way by striving and wrestling. That which has been and rises out of what is past occupies him far more than what is to become and also more than what wants to become; for the word of the future would always be command. Experiences with their many echoes and their billows stand higher in his estimation than life with its tasks; for tasks always establish a bond with harsh reality. And from this he is in flight. He does not want to struggles against fate, but rather to receive it with an ardent and devout soul; he does not want to wrestle for the blessing, but to experience it, abandoning himself, devoid of will, to what spells salvation and bliss.
Elmore Leonard, A Coyote's in the House|At the bottom of the hill they came out of the trees to a busy street and Antwan said, "We cross here." "Ain't no lights here," Antwan said. "Just look out for the ones trying to hit you. There's a nice-looking blonde-haired female human lives around here - any time she sees me she tries to run me down.
Kiana Davis, Digging For Roots|Caregivers, like all of us, inevitably reflect their culture's attitude toward children and life. The story goes that when Pearl Buck was a child in China, someone asked how she compared her mother to her Chinese amah. Buck replied, "If I want to have a story read, I go to my mother. But if I fall down and need to be comforted, I go to my amah." Her mother's culture valued teaching and learning, while her amah's placed a greater value on nurture. Even as a child, Buck instinctively knew the difference.
David Weber, Crown of Slaves|She refused to be one of those girls who fell for a pretty face that just white-washed a total jack-ass underneath. She could ogle, but she would not fall until she knew he deserved her.
Lucia Berlin, A Manual for Cleaning Women: Selected Stories|From our birth we are all dying, but some of us finish sooner than others.
Rico Lamoureux, Power Of The Pen|Because you do it out of passion, as well as hoping it will bring better opportunity. It's like you're investing in yourself, so although you don't see anything up front there's always the possibility that the kind of compensation that is priceless can come later. For someone who's striving to get where they're meant to be, opportunity over a quick buck is something that will always be taken by the wise. Because they know opportunity is king, and all other benefits will follow...
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|If someone suffers enough pain and abuse, his volitional capacities will diminish to nothing.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has developed a habit of taking a lot of respect from others [relish pride], will get cheated.
Antonio F. Vianna|For dealing with blessings which come to us from outside we need a firm foundation based on reason and education; without this foundation, people keep on seeking these blessings and heaping them up but can never satisfy the insatiable appetites of their souls.
Michael Arditti, The Enemy of the Good|All religions are beautiful in the story, as you say. It's when they're put into practice that they grow ugly.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|One of the most interesting results was part of a study my students and I conducted dealing with status in email correspondence. Basically, we discovered that in any interaction, the person with the higher status uses I-words less (yes, less) than people who are low in status.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Perhaps everything terrible is, in its deepest being, something that needs our love.
Holly Black, Red Glove|This, the language of deception, we both understand. We were born to it, along with the curses.
Marty Rubin|Skepticism precludes one from believing many things, but not from loving many things.
Satuin Segi|War happens when people are too stubborn or scared to listen to the other party and coming up with compromises, and when that happens, they decide that we must send out people to die, if they want a war, they should not send men and woman who have no desire to fight, and have no real reason, if they want to fight the people running the show should do it themselves, they are basically murdering a lot of good people through their own cowardice.
Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom|For Heidegger, boredom is a privileged fundamental mood because it leads us directly into the very problem complex of being and time.
Sojourner Truth|You actually abolish slavery by accompanying the slave. We don't strategize our way out of slavery, we solidarize, if you will, our way toward its demise. We stand in solidarity with the slave, and by doing so, we diminish slavery's ability to stand.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|That which is dreamed can never be lost, can never be undreamed.
Michael Pollan, Food Rules: An Eater's Manual|For a product to carry a health claim on its package, it must first have a package, so right off the bat it's more likely to be processed rather than a whole food.
John McPhee, Coming into the Country|When D's cabin caught fire, D was out of the country. Half the town-Christians and drinkers alike-came out to fight the fire and loot the cabin. There were individual piles of loot, and fights over the piles. "That's my pile." "The hell it is, it's mine.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|DEFINITION NOT FOUND IN THE DICTIONARY Not leaving: an act of trust and love, often deciphered by children
Debasish Mridha|The universe never complainsWhen you're wrong or right,She always loves and cares,She always gives and shares. When you get lost she becomes the light,Helps you to find what is right. But she never forgetsTo show you the light.
Kay Redfield Jamison|Personally, I do not know whether humankind is alone in this vast universe. But I do know that we should cherish our existence on this precious speck of matter... the greatest gift that could be bestowed upon us. For all practical purposes, there is only one planet Earth.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|The only grown-up other than Jacob who ever came into his schoolroom was Eli Willard.School was in session one day when the Connecticut itinerant reappeared after long absence, bringing Jacob's glass and other merchandise. Jacob seized him and presented him to the class. 'Boys and girls, this specimen here is a Peddler. You don't see them very often. They migrate, like the geese flying over. This one comes maybe once a year, like Christmas. But he ain't dependable, like Christmas. He's dependable like rainfall. A Peddler is a feller who has got things you ain't got, and he'll give 'em to ye, and then after you're glad you got 'em he'll tell ye how much cash money you owe him fer 'em. If you ain't got cash money, he'll give credit, and collect the next time he comes 'round, and meantime you work hard to git the money someway so's ye kin pay him off. Look at his eyes. Notice how they are kinder shiftly-like. Now, class, the first question is: why is this feller's eyes shiftly-like?
Val Uchendu|Great moments are full of naked vulnerability, words merely reflect a primal or instinctual footprints that leaves trails of dust for those brave enough to follow
