Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives|I walk across the dreaming sands under the pale moon: through the dreams of countries and cities, past dreams of places long gone and times beyond recall.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|We turn around and there stands Aidan, looking like he just won a million dollars. He can't keep his eyes off Ivy."Hey, Aidan," I greet. "I'd like you to meet Ivy.""I am quite pleased to meet your acquaintance." Ivy gently shakes his hand.Finally getting a grip, Aidan returns the shake, his goofy grin reappearing on his face. "Yeah. I'm Aidan. Good to meet you, too.""Rylan has told me so much about you."Aidan rubs his chin, a comically sly glint in his eyes. "Oh really? Did he say how dashing, brilliant, and incredibly handsome I am?""No." I shakes, completely unaware it's all a joke. "Rylan said you were loud and that if it was not for him, you'd still be stuck in the third grade."I snort into my water as Aidan scowls."But he also says you're a good brother, a trustworthy friend, and very funny." She breaks off giggling. "And I see what he means. You should see the look on your face!"Oh, ya mean this?" Aidan puts his hands up and wiggles his fingers as his expression contorts into something even crazier. Ivy continues giggling; even I let out a chuckle feeling my nerves disappear. No more worrying with the whole "meet my friends" situation.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Read books are far less valuable than unread ones. The library should contain as much of what you do not know as your financial means, mortgage rates, and the currently tight real-estate market alow you to put there.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2: Preparing for God's Paradise|In life, if you are refused membership to a club, you get a refund check for dues paid; what happens to your tithes if Jesus denies you entry to God's Paradise? Mal. 3:10.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|One family, two impressively gay brothers.
Kevin Gorinshteyn|When people can't handle your light, it's because they haven't yet discovered their own, and you are a reminder of that. Don't take it personal, and don't shrink or hide. Either they will choose to shine or grab a pair of shades.
Holly Hood, Ink|Wes sat in a cracked vinyl booth picking at his fries and listening to Amanda go on and on about the dress she'd found. '...and it has these little lavender bows. Oh, Wes, I can't wait 'til you see it.' She gesticulated wildly, and her only saving grace right now was her amazing rack that swayed and bounced with each movement. Sometimes he swore that was the only reason he ever looked crosswise at Amanda Price. That, and her daddy's checkbook. 'And I found these shoes--" 'Uh huh, that's nice,' he cut her off and slid free from the booth. He held out his hand. 'Got the card?' He waved the bill in the air at her questioning gaze. Was she a little cross-eyed, maybe? He thought so.
|The greatest sense of love, which is available for us at all times, is God’s love.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|Oh", she thought, "how horrible it is that people have to grow up-and marry-and change!
George R.R. Martin|How could none of them comprehend the beauty of a human soul,shining in heaven for eternity? Where it would be whole again, as they all had been once in times past?
Wayne  Lee, The Art of the Intuitive Healer: Genuine Real Life Case Studies of Intuitive Healing That Will Captivate Your Heart|Healing is not a ‘black and white’ process, it’s not even a ‘grey’ process, it more like a; ‘pinky, yellowy, orangy, greeny, bluey and purply’ process with a hint of ‘gold and silver’ and a huge jar of ‘faith
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|There were nineteen years between my grandparents, and I was in a relationship for five years from the age of fifteen to twenty with a man who was thirteen years older than me who remains one of the loves of my life, and he passed away when I was twenty years old.
Sarah Vowell, Take the Cannoli|Many men have children, but not many children have 'Fathers'. Age releases to you reproductive skills. Fatherhood requires LEADERSHIP skills
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|. . to be exceptional in martial arts, you must possess the "4 C's" : Consistency, Commitment, Creativity and Competence
James Hilton, Random Harvest|All day the storm lasted. The windows were white and the wind never stopped howling and screaming. It was pleasant in the warm house. Laura and Mary did their lessons, then Pa played the fiddle while Ma rocked and knitted, and bean soup simmered on the stove. All night the storm lasted, and all the next day. Fire-light danced out of the stove's draught, and Pa told stories and played the fiddle.
Muriel Barbery, Gourmet Rhapsody|I am going to die, but that is of no importance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you ever get a high official position in your country, you must see the interests of the humanity much more important than the interests of your own country; only then you will deserve to be called a great man!
Elizabeth Scott, Love You Hate You Miss You|Wherever I go, I'll always see you. You'll always be with me. And there's no happy ending coming here, no way a story that started on a night that's burned into my heart will end the way I wish it could. You're really gone, no last words, and no matter how many letters I write to you, you're never going to reply. You're never going to say good-bye. So I will. Good-bye, Julia. Thank you for being my friend. Thank you for being you.
Rodney Stark|Not only were science and religion compatible, they were inseparable--the rise of science was achieved by deeply religious Christian scholars. 
Bryant McGillns|The love and attention you always thought you wanted from someone else, is the love and attention you first need to give to yourself.
André Gorz, Letter to D: A Love Story|Having sex with her had been a catalyst, new flesh for the virus to feed on. No matter how hard he tried to block her out, she was always there at the back of his mind. Calling him. Begging him to go to her.
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|Everything ends, and Everything matters. Everything matters not in spite of the end of you and all that you love, but because of it. Everything is all you’ve got…and after Everything is nothing. So you were wise to welcome Everything, the good and the bad alike, and cling to it all. Gather it in. Seek the meaning in sorrow and don’t ever turn away, not once, from here until the end. Because it is all the same, it is all unfathomable, and it is all infinitely preferable to the one dreadful alternative.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Even love becomes a cause of hatred, if stars are not in favour of a man.
Sarvenaz Tash, The Mapmaker and the Ghost|Unfortunately, it has come to my attention that the modern world is sorely lacking in imagination. And grown-ups are the biggest culprits of all.
Malala Yousafzai|We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Roger Lawrence Butler|In a democratic country everything is very simple: If you choose a good government, good things will happen; if you choose a bad government, bad things will happen!
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|Your young white, who gathers his learning from books and can measure what he knows by the page, may conceit that his knowledge, like his legs, outruns that of his fathers’, but, where experience is the master, the scholar is made to know the value of years, and respects them accordingly.
Grace Lozada, Evolving to Grace|I’m proud of them, in a way. My little gold stars for surviving. For thriving. They aren’t just mistakes.
Emily Nagoski, Come as You Are: The Surprising New Science that Will Transform Your Sex Life|This is what science can do for us, if we let it. If offers us an opportunity to lower our defenses and experience the ways that we are all connected.
Sharon Doubiago, The Book of Seeing With One's Own Eyes|In our own way, in your own way, we are all of us a masterpiece. Everyone is unique.
Melissa de la Cruz, Masquerade|You may be to call up the entire encyclopedia, but a brain with no heart and no reasoning .. well, nothing is more meaningless.
Veronica Nagorny, Thoughts as I Lie Dreaming|Out of my thoughts! You are part of my existence, part of myself. You have been in every line I have ever read since I first [met you]. You have been in every prospect I have ever seen since,—on the river, on the sails of the ships, on the marshes, in the clouds, in the light, in the darkness, in the wind, in the woods, in the sea, in the streets. You have been the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind has ever become acquainted with. The stones of which the strongest London buildings are made are not more real, or more impossible to be displaced by your hands, than your presence and influence have been to me, there and everywhere, and will be. Estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil. But, in this separation, I associate you only with the good; and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may.
Michael N. Castle|This ought to be a season for cooperation in terms of pushing our economy forward, job creation, steadying the middle class, and laying the groundwork for a better future. And that's what we want to work on with Republicans and Democrats.
Olivia Parker|What have I done to her?" Gabriel muttered to himself as he crossed the room to crank open a window. Cool air washed over his skin. "What the devil did she do to me?
Shannon L. Alder|Going to marry her? Impossible! You mean a part of her; he could not marry her all himself. It would be a case, not of bigamy but trigamy; there is enough of her to furnish wives for the whole parish. One man marry her! - it is monstrous! You might people a colony with her; or give an assembly with her; or perhaps take your morning's walk round her, always provided there were frequent resting places, and you were in rude health. I once was rash enough to try walking round her before breakfast, but only got half way and gave it up exhausted. Or you might read the Riot Act and disperse her; in short, you might do anything but marry her!
Edward Levi|As long as I'm learning every day of my life, I will never feel old. Never. And I don't feel old; I feel in my head and in my heart - I don't know, ageless!
Alice Hoffman|I wrote to find beauty and purpose, to know that love is possible and lasting and real, to see day lilies and swimming pools, loyalty and devotion, even though my eyes were closed, and all that surrounded me was a darkened room. I wrote because that was who I was at the core, and if I was too damaged to walk around the block, I was lucky all the same. Once I got to my desk, once I started writing, I still believed anything was possible.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Then, after showing the pill and some graphics, those same people appeared again, looking happier.The Reb and I watched in silence. After it ended, he asked, "Do you think those pills work?"Not like that, I said."No," he agreed. "Not like that.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I’ll not do anything, though you should swear your tongue out, except what I please!
Debasish Mridha|Once you chose the power of love, nothing is impossible.
Joel Fuhrman|You go into the book store, there's the cut-out of Dr. Phil, and then the dreaded women's health section where every book, instead of the menopause book with the fanged Medusa head on the cover that might be more pertinent, you always see a flower and a poppy and a daisy and a stethoscope.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our dress, our posture, our actions should all be for the honor and glory of Christ. Much of our talk as Christians is secular, not spiritual. It is easy to fall into the conversational conformity of the world and spend an evening discussing politics, new cars, and the latest entertainment. We often forget that we are to edify one another with holy conversation and that our conversation should be on heavenly, and not exclusively on earthly things.
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|It may be that the Chronicles of Narnia may outlive The Allegory of Love, and Perelandra outlive them both. Few works of learning and criticism survive a hundred years; what it was learned to know in 1950 will be expected of scholarship-candidates in 2000; new things will be discovered, old notions disproved, other critical values asserted; but a piece of genuine imagination in fiction may have a long life.
Kayko Tamaki|L O V E is Feeling Another S o u l. It is L O V E that doesn't need words. It is simply hearing another even in silence and communicating in an unheard invisible language. An invisible thread connecting dots of vibes, energy, and happy feelings.﻿
Ivan Reitman|I'd like to explore the more abstract side of people's minds, as opposed to the usual sitcom stuff. I don't want to do the typical sitcom-type humor. I'd want to do stuff like go bowling with pineapples.
Kristen Henderson|Along with all those who left their countries for other shores, I belong in neither land. We are unmoored and disconnected, like these poplar seeds blown into the crevices of the buildings, into the corners of the world.
L. Ron Hubbard|You don’t get rich writing science fiction. If you want to get rich, you start a religion.
Tessa Dare, Do You Want to Start a Scandal|Our glass train, on fragile tracksBeneath bombs that fall like the floodTo wash away the shards—But all this sorrow will recedeAnd we will leaveTwo by twoAnd until then, I will only think of you.
H.L. Mencken|I don’t think you can just choose to believe in God. You either do or you don’t, and no matter what camp you’re in, it would take something life-changing to truly lead you into the other one.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|A lot of people think that being a Gallagher Girl means not being afraid of anything. Actually, that couldn't be further from the truth. It's not about ignoring fear. It's about facing it, knowing the risks and the costs and sacrificing safety and security anyway.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Revenge of the Sith|Go ahead, scoff, he said, petulant. Except in the life of a hero, the whole world's meaningless. The hero sees values beyond what's possible. That's the nature of a hero. It kills him, of course, ultimately. But it makes the whole struggle of humanity worthwhile.
Richard John Neuhaus, American Babylon: Notes of a Christian Exile|He stops pacing. 'I know, Miranda, I did it because I—' 'Stop! Don't say it. I don't want to hear you say it.' 'I have to say it,' Noah says. 'No, you don't.' If I hear him say the word love, I don't know what I'll do. I still have my gun. Maybe one day I can forgive him, but all chance of that goes out the window if he claims he did it for love. If you love someone, the idea is respect them enough to trust them. Not to take away their freedom. Their life.
Michelangelo|To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
Bob Newhart|The thing I like about baseball is that it's one-on-one. You stand up there alone, and if you make a mistake, it's your mistake. If you hit a home run, it's your home run.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
Coco Chanel|Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door. 
Tom DeMarco, Slack: Getting Past Burnout, Busywork, and the Myth of Total Efficiency|It’s not stress that kills us, it’s our reaction to it.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|Look at it like this, it's not that we're making life, we're simply giving life a place to live.
Joyce Kilmer, Trees & Other Poems|I think that I shall never seeA poem lovely as a tree.A tree whose hungry mouth is pressedAgainst the earth's sweet flowing breast;A tree that looks at God all dayAnd lifts her leafy arms to pray;A tree that may in summer wearA nest of robins in her hair;Upon whose bosom snow has lain;Who intimately lives with rain.Poems are made by fools like me,But only God can make a tree.
R.W. Erskine|A rumbling volcano is like a pimple.You know that they're both going to explode,but you just don't know when.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Is there anything else you haven't told me?"My head spun. So much had happened and we still needed to stop a powerful magician. Death was a real possibility. I needed Valek to know how I felt."I love you"Valek wrapped me in his arms. "My love has been yours since the fire festival. If those goons had killed you, I knew then that I would never be the same. I didn't want or expect this. But I couldn't resist you.
Brent Weeks, Beyond the Shadows|I'm not dreaming this, am I?" he asked.Dehvi lifted an eyebrow. "There's only one way to know for sure," he said.What's that?"Go piss in the woods. If you feel wet and warm afterward, wake up.
Davis Bunn, The Lazarus Trap|A steel door clapped open as a guard stepped from the bulletproof viewing station across the hall. "Adams!" "That you?" "I told you, I don't know-" The cop pointed straight at him. "Jeffrey Adams! Front and center!" The black man helped him rise to his feet. "Ain't everybody gets called back from the pit, man. Question is, what are you gonna do when you find out who you are?
Ogwo David Emenike|Fate determines a man's beginning. The man, by choice, determines his end.
Gem Blackthorn|What’s a skull, if not a cage?What’s a gun, if not a key?
Bill Maris|I feel that my father's greatest legacy was the people he inspired to get involved in public service and their communities, to join the Peace Corps, to go into space. And really that generation transformed this country in civil rights, social justice, the economy and everything.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|He couldn't think of a good place. At first he thought she hated all living beings equally. Lately he had come to believe he held a special place in her heart, just below rattlesnakes, pederasts, and spirochetes. Definitely a tough place to start from, but determination had always been Conal's strong point.
Abraham Lincoln|in times like the present, men should utter nothing for which they would not willingly be responsible through time and eternity.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I’d always secretly believed that a love as fierce and true as mine would be rewarded in the end, and now I was being forced to accept the bitter truth.
Andrew Breitbart|My legal bond with the A.K.P. may have ended the day I took the presidential oath of office, but my bonds of love have never ended and never will.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Learning how to fight properly and deciding what to fight about are two of the secrets to a successful marriage. It usually comes down to the "line of respect" one way or the other.
V. S. Naipaul|We're coming down to an extremely unethical society. Very few colleges offer courses in ethics, and very few companies have a code of conduct or code of ethics.
A.R. Von, Gods & Goddesses|She and I will become one someday soon. So much so, that none will know where I begin and she ends. This I know…
C. JoyBell C.|I'm not an advocate of promiscuity; but then I'm also not an advocate of being virginal. It's not like I put virginity or celibacy on a pedestal, and as long as I don't get your promiscuity rubbed into my face— I don't care about it! What I do care about is the ability to recognize the sanctity of a union of two souls— you just can't say your soul isn't being united with others' when you have sex with them. So I think you'd better own up to what you're doing— no matter how frequently or infrequently or with how many different people you do it. I mean, make good choices! You are, after all, entwining your soul with another's.
David Paul Kikrpatrick|Practicing the Presence of God is bringing our “heart” – body, soul, and mind – to God, to be in His Presence – to love Him, to worship Him, to lay our troubles and triumphs with Him, to rest in Him. What a glorious idea….but few of us ever find that rest!
Nadeem Aslam, Maps for Lost Lovers|Women joked amongst themselves: 'Why do you think a bride cries on her wedding day? It's for the love that this marriage is putting an end to for all eternity. Men may think a woman has no past- "you were born and then I married you"- but men are fools.
Ched Myers|Is not prayer the intensely personal struggle within each disciple, and among us collectively, to resist the despair and distractions that cause us to practice unbelief, to abandon or avoid the way of Jesus?
Hamlin Garland|Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.
Peter Singer, Ethics Into Action: Henry Spira and the Animal Rights Movement|Vegan is just pure love. Love for animals, love for the planet, and love for yourself.
Alcatraz Dey|The blood is sleeping. But the desire of feeling my own senses has grown deep, filled with an unstoppable tremendous drive to eliminate the lifeless stuff, which has gotten chained to me and lulled me to sleep.The rivers of my veins start to flow more and more powerful in every unit of time like lava underground!
Daisaku Ikeda|We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|All the while, my mind reeled with what had hap
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Couples with children may argue more, the author suggests, because children are a reminder of just how crucial our choices are.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|The whole universe is sum up in the Human Being. Devil is not a monster waiting to trap us, He is a voice inside. Look for Your Devil in Yourself, not in the Others. Don’t forgeT that the one who knows his Devil, knows his God.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|And if the world refused to square with his version of reality then it was necessarily an uncaring world, a sour and sickening world, a penal colony, and he was doomed to be violently lonely in it. He bowed his head at the thought of how much strength a man would need to survive an entire life so lonely.
Colin Salmon|I hate feeling full, so Christmas is about the only time I really stuff myself.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|There will always be a down but also always an up, your moods depends on wich of the two you pay the most attention to.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|Fate has a cruel sense of humor, don't you think?
V.C. Andrews, Pearl in the Mist|Sweet Goddess! she thought suddenly. I have never even spoken to him. I know nothing about the man, nothing at all.What if he tries to get me into some sordid little room and force himself on me, like an animal? How will I fight him off? All alone, not able to cry for help?No, it will not be like that, it could not be. I would have known if he were that kind of man, and felt repelled. He could not sing and write such beautiful verses, and look so fine if he were not the man I want him to be. Yes, when we meet, it will be as it is in his songs. He will obey, do exactly what I tell him and no more. Oh, I have hoped so long for this. Goddess of Love, let it be beautiful.
Henry James, The Aspern Papers|Make a promise to yourself right now, that you will choose your thoughts and words wisely, that you will no longer use disempowered language about yourself, and nor will you ever negatively define yourself by what has occurred in your past.
William Stafford, Every War Has Two Losers: William Stafford on Peace and War|I had no more alphabetthan the journeying of the swallows,the pure and tiny waterof the small, fiery birdthat dances rising from the pollen.
Solange nicole|Most men can make moves, decisions, mistakes, plans, money, babies, love, war, progress, or even history. Not all men have what it takes to make a worthwhile difference in this world. Substance, drive, dedication, intelligence, faith and values; that comes from within. Its not what a MAN can make but what a MAN is made of that's impressive.
Ma Jian, Red Dust: A Path Through China|No, we absolutely should do it. If we can capture such a motherlode, it could make a pivotal difference in the coming war. We need it. AEGIS needs it, my mother needs it. This is why we’re here.“I’m merely pausing at the precipice of the cliff, peeking down into the chasm and asking, ‘Are we sure?’ So…” Alex eyed him wearing an uneasy grimace “…are we sure?
Subhajit Ganguly, Call Of The Lost Ages: A Study Of The Indus Valley Script|Kavaata Valves is manufacturers and Exporters of Forge Ball Valve, Forged Ball Valves, Forged Steel Ball Valve in Belgaum, India.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|To be successful you must be willing to work hard, work smart, work consistently, and most importantly do all three simultaneously over a long period of time.
Elizabeth McCracken, An Exact Replica of a Figment of My Imagination|All terrible things are more terrible if they give us no chance of retrieving a blunder—either no chance at all, or only one that depends on our enemies and not ourselves. Those things are also worse which we cannot, or cannot easily, help. Speaking generally, anything causes us to feel fear that when it happens to, or threatens, others causes us to feel pity.
Mensah Oteh|Staying true to your dream by using your mental, emotional and physical strength is discipline in action. You express it through focus, grit, self-control, persistence, perseverance, and willpower.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|My father said this to me: "Israelmore, if you don't make any impact on earth, you will die before you die. But if you impress hearts with what you do, you still live even after you are gone
Evan Peters|I like to think of myself as a fairly educated human being, but I'm a very uneducated actor when it comes to movies, directors, producers, actors for that matter.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|I don’t know why—it’s just that—I don’t know—they’re not kin."—Surprising word, I think to myself never used it before. Not of kin—sounds like hillbilly talk—not of a kind—same root—kindness, too—they can’t have real kindness toward him, they’re not his kin -- . That’s exactly the feeling. Old word, so ancient it’s almost drowned out. What a change through the centuries. Now anybody can be "kind." And everybody’s supposed to be. Except that long ago it was something you were born into and couldn’t help. Now it’s just a faked-up attitude half the time, like teachers the first day of class. But what do they really know about kindness who are not kin.
Constantine Karamanlis|At 9 years old, I moved in with my father because my mother could no longer care for me. Looking back, I now see so many similarities between my own childhood and that of my sons. My father stepped in when I needed him, and that gave me the chance for a better life. That's what I'm doing for my boys now.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Why Do Some People NOT Take Initiative?•	They have a FEAR of . . . rejection, looking stupid, failing, criticism, getting out of their comfort zone, or imposing on other people.•	They are unmotivated or uninspired.•	They get stuck in negativity, confusion, stress, or doubt.•	They don’t want to upset the apple cart or the status quo.•	They are lazy, disengaged, or indifferent.•	They have LACK of . . . energy, desire, confidence, self-esteem, skills, creativity, imagination, connections, resources, education.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, Made in the Image of God: Understanding the Nature of God and Mankind in a Changing World|I am not aligned in my thinking with Calvinism, neither am I aligned in my thinking with Arminianism. I have proposed a more 'Wholeistic' theology encompassing the 'both/and' in the context Objective Truth & Reality". ~R. Alan Woods [2012]
T.J. Henricks|When the clouds over the land rise like a mountain, a long with it's wishes, it can never cover the errors and mistakes made by Kings.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|You stand the risk of bankruptcy, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|The ground had opened up and spit out hell, Nell thought, and the detritus was Shiloh.
Susan Larson|Woolrich had a genius for creating types of story perfectly consonant with his world: the noir cop story, the clock race story, the waking nightmare, the oscillation thriller, the headlong through the night story, the annihilation story, the last hours story. These situations, and variations on them, and others like them, are paradigms of our position in the world as Woolrich sees it. His mastery of suspense, his genius (like that of his spiritual brother Alfred Hitchcock) for keeping us on the edge of our seats and gasping with fright, stems not only from the nightmarish situations he conjured up but from his prose, which is compulsively readable, cinematically vivid, high-strung almost to the point of hysteria, forcing us into the skins of the hunted and doomed where we live their agonies and die with them a thousand small deaths.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Dread remorse when you are tempted to err, Miss Eyre; remorse is the poison of life.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|Maybe that's why I tend to equate physical beauty with qualities with which it has absolutely nothing to do. I see a pretty mouth or a moody pair of eyes and imagine all sorts of deep affinities, private kinships. Never mind that half a dozen jerks are clustered round the same person, just because they've been duped by the same pair of eyes.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Some people try to tell you the things you want in life are out of your grasp, while others lift you up on their shoulders and help you reach them. I may not know a lot, but I prefer to fill my life with people who let me climb on top of their shoulders, not people who try to keep me planted on the ground.
Peter Mayle, A Good Year|If they were going to kill you, would they knock?
Stephen R. Covey|Just as faith without works is dead, so also works without faith.
Caroline Knapp|The freedom to choose...means the freedom to make mistakes, to falter and fail, to come face-to-face with your own flaws and limitations and fears and secrets, to live with the terrible uncertainty that necessarily attends the construction of a self.
William S. Burroughs|There are not fifty ways of fighting, there's only one, and that's to win. Neither revolution nor war consists in doing what one pleases.
Anthony T. Hincks|By God a man is afraid more of himself than anything else; every day he is struggling to construct a God first to suit him, only then to others.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|If I can't trust your word, I can't trust you.
Tom T. Hall|My attitude to writing is like when you do wallpapering, you remember where all the little bits are that don't meet. And then your friends say: It's terrific!
Christy Turlington|We don't need bigger cars or fancier clothes. We need self-respect, identity, community, love, variety, beauty, challenge and a purpose in living that is greater than material accumulation.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further, There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|Around the outside of the room other beautiful women wearing little or nothing at all flitted between the infatuated, intoxicated men, sometimes luring them away for a private dance. The men would follow obediently, weighed down by lust and credit cards.
Catherine M. Wilson, A Journey of the Heart|Merin smiled. "I fought in battle and your mother bore two children. Of the two of us, I think she was the courageous one.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...beneath torrents of spring rain, buds come to life - and we do too, beneath torments of tears...
Isaac Asimov, The Last Answer|We seek not for forgiveness, but the freedom and time to do more than ‘exist’.
Tamara L. Chilver|For those of you who think that I have my life altogether, I definitely do not. Every season brings new challenges. For example, since I had my fifth child, I am notoriously 5-10 minutes late everywhere no matter how hard I try to be on time. I would like to say that I am 'fashionably' late, but that isn't the truth either. Running in a mad dash in a parking lot (all holding hands of course) to make it somewhere 5 minutes late (instead of 6 minutes cause that makes a big difference) while one child is missing shoes and my hair is going in every direction. Yep, that is my family.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Our perspective equals our reality, tweak the perspective and you tweak your reality.
Matthew Heines|I don't know what effect these men will have upon the enemy, but, by God, they frighten me.
Shirley Chisholm|Woman is not born: she is made. In the making, her humanity is destroyed. She becomes symbol of this, symbol of that: mother of the earth, slut of the universe; but she never becomes herself because it is forbidden for her to do so.
Vanessa Hudgens|I prefer to work for my country in a free and independent way. I was born free, and I want to die free. I am always suspicious of ideology. Instead, I respect men with ideas.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life, seems to arise from over-rating the difference between one permanent situation and another...
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It does take an exceptional mind and a still more exceptional integrity to remain untouched by the brain-destroying influences of the world’s doctrines, the accumulated evil of centuries—to remain human, since the human is the rational.
Warren W. Wiersbe|Only a "dry as dust" religion prompts a minister to extol the glories of Heaven while ignoring the social conditions that cause men an Earthly hell.
Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening|He stood and inhaled, then walked a few more feet, stooped, and prodded a chunk of rabbit fur.“I’m definitely thinking something with more body parts,” I said. “Like a head.”He gave a snort of a laugh. “It’s probably around here somewhere, but I suppose you want the parts attached, too.
Rodney Dangerfield|Just like hair frames our face, brows frame our eyes. I see so much potential in harmonized beauty whenever I see a woman who's not filling in her brows, and I just want to go in with my brow pencil and just be like, 'Filling in eyebrows, OK, done - look in the mirror and be inspired.' That's one of my pet peeves, but beauty is subjective.
Donato DiCristino, Compound Delusions: The Rise and Fall of our Design|A midst deceit I found the truth;there in the rough I found a diamond.And from the moment we met,I think of no one elseToday I choose to be, to live and breathe;to dream, to weep, and to sing in free verse.And you, the object of my delight:a like-minded opposite I am myself with,a mind-fuck times six, seven, eight thousand and three.I know that you love me with every inch of your deep.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|I read in a book once that a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, but I've never been able to believe it. I don't believe a rose WOULD be as nice if it was called a thistle or a skunk cabbage.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I slump in my chair, thinking how a narcotic party of one is no party at all.
José Saramago, Blindness|... that destiny has to make many turnings before arriving anywhere, destiny alone knows what it has cost ...
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|God sends his Son – here lies the only remedy. It is not enough to give man a new philosophy or better religion. A Man comes to men. Every man bears an image. His body and his life become visible. A man is not a bare word, a thought or a will. He is above all and always a man, a form, an image, a brother. And thus he does not create around him just a new way of thought, will and action but he gives us the new image, the new form. Now in Jesus Christ this is just what has happened. The image of God has entered our midst, in the form of our fallen life, in the likeness of sinful flesh. In the teaching and acts of Christ, in his life and death, the image of God is revealed. In him the divine image has been re-created here on earth. The Incarnation, the words and acts of Jesus, his death on the cross, all are indispensable parts of that image. But it is not the same image as Adam bore in the primal glory of paradise. Rather, it is the image of one who enters a world of sin and death, who takes upon himself all the sorrows of humanity, who meekly bears God’s wrath and judgment against sinners, and obeys his will with unswerving devotion in suffering and death, the Man born to poverty, the friend of publicans and sinners, the Man of sorrows, rejected of man and forsaken of God. Here is God made man, here is man in the new image of God.
Rodi Szoke|We must be grateful every time we witness a new morning, feel the touch of a loved one, or are blessed with the briefest sound of life.
Amy Lowell|Crime is a fact of the human species, a fact of that species alone, but it is above all the secret aspect, impenetrable and hidden. Crime hides, and by far the most terrifying things are those which elude us.
Gloria Naylor, The Women of Brewster Place|Time's passage through the memory is like molten glass that can be opaque or crystallize at any given moment at will: a thousand days are melted into one conversation, one glance, one hurt, and one hurt can be shattered and sprinkled over a thousand days.
William Morris Davis|It is the relationship between the physical environment and the environed organism, between physiography and ontography (to coin a term), that constitutes the essential principles of geography today.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|The Assyrian came down like the wolf on the fold,And his cohorts were gleaming in purple and gold;And the sheen of their spears was like stars on the sea,When the blue wave rolls nightly on deep Galilee.Like the leaves of the forest when Summer is green,That host with their banners at sunset were seen:Like the leaves of the forest when Autumn hath blown,That host on the morrow lay withered and strown.For the Angel of Death spread his wings on the blast,And breathed in the face of the foe as he passed;And the eyes of the sleepers waxed deadly and chill,And their hearts but once heaved, and for ever grew still!And there lay the steed with his nostril all wide,But through it there rolled not the breath of his pride;And the foam of his gasping lay white on the turf,And cold as the spray of the rock-beating surf.And there lay the rider distorted and pale,With the dew on his brow, and the rust on his mail:And the tents were all silent, the banners alone,The lances unlifted, the trumpet unblown.And the widows of Ashur are loud in their wail,And the idols are broke in the temple of Baal;And the might of the Gentile, unsmote by the sword,Hath melted like snow in the glance of the Lord!
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|I could almost see fairies skipping on top of the snake-tongue flames—brief moments of clarity overcome by suffocating normalcy. It occurred to me that everything is believable during a glimpse, and it is during these flashes we see things as they truly are—unruly shadows in the corner of our perceptions. The only way to overcome is to act as Rachael did—as we all should—staring into the brightest light we can manage, until any hint of darkness is burned from our vision.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|Complex operations, in which agencies assume complementary roles and operate in close proximity-often with similar missions but conflicting mandates-accentuate these tensions. The tensions are evident in the processes of analyzing complex environments, planning for complex interventions, and implementing complex operations. Many reports and analyses forecast that these complex operations are precisely those that will demand our attention most in the indefinite future.As essayist Barton and O'Connell note, our intelligence and understanding of the root cause of conflict, multiplicity of motivations and grievances, and disposition of actors is often inadequate. Moreover, the problems that complex operations are intended and implemented to address are convoluted, and often inscrutable. They exhibit many if not all the characteristics of "wicked problems," as enumerated by Rittel and Webber in 1973: they defy definitive formulations; any proposed solution or intervention causes the problem to mutate, so there is no second chance at a solution; every situation is unique; each wicked problem can be considered a symptom of another problem. As a result, policy objectives are often compound and ambiguous. The requirements of stability, for example, in Afghanistan today, may conflict with the requirements for democratic governance. Efforts to establish an equitable social contract may well exacerbate inter-communal tensions that can lead to violence. The rule of law, as we understand it, may displace indigenous conflict management and stabilization systems. The law of unintended consequences may indeed be the only law of the land. The complexity of the challenges we face in the current global environment would suggest the obvious benefit of joint analysis - bringing to bear on any given problem the analytic tools of military, diplomatic and development analysts. Instead, efforts to analyze jointly are most often an afterthought, initiated long after a problem has escalated to a level of urgency that negates much of the utility of deliberate planning.
Whoopi Goldberg, Is It Just Me?: Or is it nuts out there?|These tales, without exception, express the truth that justice triumphs in the end. They all contain the idea that it is worth while to fight for the truth, in any situation.In this fight man is assisted by more powerful beings than ordinary mortals. And the triumph of justice is the only sense and consolation in this world. Indeed, the world itself started out with this hope. The human race received it long, long ago as a cradle-song.
Kurt Vonnegut|The greater the power, the more need there is for transparency, because if the power is abused, the result can be so enormous. On the other hand, those people who do not have power, we mustn't reduce their power even more by making them yet more transparent.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|The road of life is paved with daily successes, a great number of them penny and nickle triumphs. Sadly, these little feats are often seen as worthless―even failures―because we dream of greater gain. Our greed keeps us focused on a gleaming pot of gold waiting at the end of some elusive rainbow. And, despairing a big loss, we fail to see the value in small achievements.
Kirsty Logan, The Rental Heart and Other Fairytales|We need to empower every single child no matter who you are, no matter where you come from to have the best education and the best future.
Peter Bergen|The hard reality is that attacks by vehicles in public places are very hard to defend against in a free and open society. The best defense against such attacks is good intelligence, and that often comes from inside the Muslim community.
Richard Paul Evans, Miles to Go|In the end, we all lose it. Remember that. In the end, we own nothing.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Ruger was over six feet tall, roped with muscle and annoyingly handsome in an I’m-probably-a-murderer-but-I’ve-got-dimples-and-a-tight-ass-so-you’ll-still-lust-after-me kind of way.
Robert Southwell|When you consider all the stars I have managed, mere submarines make me smile.
Sallust|You have to come to your closed doors before you get to your open doors... What if you knew you had to go through 32 closed doors before you got to your open door? Well, then you'd come to closed door number eight and you'd think, 'Great, I got another one out of the way'... Keep moving forward.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|You are alone... you put it like that "Come and Fuck me"... or "I am free.."... but why???
Paul Robeson|So to recap: we may or may not be going to war with Iraq because Saddam may or may not have weapons of mass destruction, which he may or may not use, or pass to other terrorists groups with whom he may or may not have links.
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901|It seems as if I can only thing if I write my journal, it just connects the part of my head that is busy doing things with the part that is busy thinking about everything else. I know all these pepole are so busy because they love each other and me. We are a noisy crowd of love
William Kent Krueger|It seems to me that when you look back at a life - yours or another's - what you see is a path that weaves into and out of deep shadow. So much is lost. What we use to construct the past is what has remained in the open, a hodgepodge of fleeting glimpses. Our histories, like my father's current body, are structures built of toothpicks. So what I recall of that last summer in New Bremen is a construct of both what stands in the light and what I imagine in the dark where I cannot see.
Robert Fulghum, Maybe, Maybe Not|If you tell people you talk to God, they'll think you're religious, but if you say God talks to you, it's ten to one they'll think you're crazy.
Garrett Hardin|Unsex me here and fill me from crown to toe full of direst cruelty That no compunctious visitings of nature Shake my fell purpose." Macbeth
Elbert Hubbard|It is often the failure who is the pioneer in new lands, new undertakings, and new forms of expression.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To live a little, love a little. To live a lot, love a lot.
Justine Ezarik|Barton Goldenberg is simply the most effective transformational leader I have met. His business acumen is matched only by his ability to understand the dimensions behind how change stems from acustomer’s needs to an "organization’s operations. Now Barton in his new book, The Definitive Guide to Social CRM, captures how an "organization should plan, manage, and leverage social media as a means to increase the bottom line.
Gemma Files, Experimental Film|I have accepted that the world is a perpetually moving beacon, with a never-ending supply of new possibilities. And there is always room for second chances when you have eternity.
Eugene Paul Wigner|At one point in the story, following a brazen daytime bank robbery, Electro is shown escaping from the authorities by climbing up the side of a building, as easily as Spider-Man . . . we see one observer exclaim, "Look!! That strangely-garbed man is racing up the side of the building!" A second man on the street picks up the narrative: "He's holding on to the iron beams in the building by means of electric rays—using them like a magnet!! Incredible!"There are three feelings inspired by this scene. The first is wonder as to why people rarely use the phrase "strangely-garbed" anymore. The second is nostalgia for the bygone era when pedestrians would routinely narrate events occurring in front of them, providing exposition for any casual bystander. And the third is pleasure at the realization that Electro's climbing this building is actually a physically plausible use of his powers.
Mik Everett, Turtle: The American Contrition of Franz Ferdinand|We have to remember, sometimes the most important history is the history we're making today.
Rick Doblin, Manifesting Minds: A Review of Psychedelics in Science, Medicine, Sex, and Spirituality|The effect of hallucinogenic mushrooms on the user's experience and behavior depends in part on his or her personality and genetic predisposition, which can vary to a great extent from person to person. As symptoms of psychiatric disorders can sometimes be elicited after one-off use, people with a genetic tendency to depression or psychosis should be discouraged from using psychoactive mushrooms.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Now his work-mates pitied him, although they tried not to show it, and it was generally arranged that he was given jobs which allowed him to work alone. The smell of ink, and the steady rhythm of the press, then induced in him a kind of peace - it was the peace he felt when he arrived early, at a time when he might be the only one to see the morning light as it filtered through the works or to hear the sound of his footsteps echoing through the old stone building. At such moments he was forgetful of himself and thus of others until he heard their voices, raised in argument or in greeting, and he would shrink into himself again. At other times he would stand slightly to one side and try to laugh at their jokes, but when they talked about sex he became uneasy and fell silent for it seemed to him to be a fearful thing. He still remembered how the girls in the schoolyard used to chant,Kiss me, kiss me if you canI will put you in my pan,Kiss me, kiss me as you saidI will fry you till you're deadAnd when he thought of sex, it was as of a process which could tear him limb from limb. He knew from his childhood reading that, if he ran into the forest, there would be a creature lying in wait for him.
Benebell Wen|Once we got closer to the origins of these Eastern practices, we found that the monks and swamis were just as dogmatic and paternalistic, just as literal and conservative in their approach to spirituality as the Christian priests and ministers we were trying to get away from.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... when she called to mind all this utter and crushing misery that had come upon my aunts' old music-master, she was moved to very real grief, and shuddered to think of that other grief, so different in its bitterness, which Mlle. Vinteuil must now be feeling, tinged with remorse at having virtually killed her father.
Tom Walsh|Happiness, success, peace, and love are experienced when we live accordingly. They are not something you have, they are something you DO.
Elizabeth Hay, Late Nights on Air|Identity is your role in life, the part you play. Individuality is who you are, and who you are is revealed to you if you can get to complete presence.
Marcel Marceau|I think people are tired of fake music, man. And there's a lot of it. Technology has reached the point where any boob can walk into a studio and with a little AutoTuning you can have a hit song. I think it's pathetic.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Love, reverence, and adoration, are multifaceted emotions. Similar to a painting by an artist, how we respond to a beautiful woman, nature, and the world that we encounter reveals the spectator and not life.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Words represent your emotional state, beware of what you speak! Restore your mental balance.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|Yes. Reyn is our resident horse master. He has an excellent seat."I grinned. "I've noticed."Reyn's face tightened and Nell flushed, looking embarrassed. "It's an equestrian term.""Really? I thought you were talking about his ass.
Sylvia Browne|Let us not act out of fear and misunderstanding, but out of the values of inclusion, diversity, and regard for all that make our country great.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Spirituality is about oneness—one love, one seeker, one soul, and one spirituality that speaks to all people. No matter a person’s fame, fortune, or faith, they are one with you.
Christine Brodien-Jones, The Owl Keeper|The world is starving for leaders who are not afraid to dismantle the sacred and precious beliefs, which hold us as prisoners of the past.
Charles de Lint, The Onion Girl|Find the story, Granny Weatherwax always said. She believed that the world was full of story shapes. If you let them, they controlled you. But if you studied them, if you found out about them... you could use them, you could change them.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Staring at a world too horrible to comprehend, believing -- by dint of ignorance and innocence -- that beneath this unbearable contract of guilt and blame there is always an older contract that may bind and release in a more salutary way.
Howard Zinn, The Bomb|Against the claims of a violent "human nature" there is enormous historical evidence that people, when free of a manufactured nationalist or religious hysteria, are more inclined to be compassionate than cruel. When citizens have an opportunity to learn of vicious acts committed by their own governments, they react with indignation and protest.So long as atrocities remain remote, abstract, they will be tolerated, even by decent people.
Kristin Hannah, Fly Away|Always take a picture for everywhere you go; if you don't, then all you just lost was the precious memories and moments
Julie Klassen, The Tutor's Daughter|Sacrifice is at the heart of repentance. Without deeds, your apology is worthless.
Erik Pevernagie|Love is blind. Love of money is blind. Greed and money make people forfeit the quiddity of life, banish them from what is essential and alienate them from themselves. They lose their identity and become drifting exiles. ( "Money rocking and rolling" )
Jettie Necole, Ruby|She opened her eyes to find a strange man above her."Ahh," he sighed. "Your eyes are the color of jade. I imagined them to be dark, like your hair. How strange."She continued to stare at him without a word. His figure loomed over her, and he stared at her with large, black eyes, like those of a bird, she thought. His thin, black hair fell past his chin, making him appear delicate, almost beautiful. His lips curved to a smile."I find you just as beautiful, my dear," he said. His statement shocked her; it was as if he'd read her thoughts."Yes, I know what you think presently, but…." He paused for a moment. "Not all of them. You keep something hidden from me. Hmm, how strange. Very well. It seems you are more interesting than I first thought.""What is it that you want?" she spat out."Oh, please do not start with that nonsense," he chided. "My plans are not for you to know. However, I will assure you that now I have seen you, I plan to keep you, at least for a while.
P.A. Minyard, The Beloved|Oh, sorry. I’m not . . . uh . . . interrupting something that will make me uncomfortable, am I?
Devanshi Gupta, Mysterious Mrs. Jain|After all, why be right when you can be happy.
Samuel Grant Oliphant, Queer Questions and Ready Replies: A Collection of Four Hundred Questions in History, Geography, Biography, Mythology, Philosophy, Natural History, Sc|Where in the Bible are we told in one verse not to do a thing and in the next to do it?‘Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him.’ Prov. xxvi. 4.‘Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.’ Prov. xxvi. 5.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|I guess it’s time.”While Cress’s thoughts continued to churn through the horrible things that could happen to her, she felt herself being suddenly spun around and dipped backward, a supportive arm scooping beneath her back. She yelped and caught herself on Thorne’s shoulder.Then he was kissing her.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|Despite his elegant appearance, Mr. Gweta’s most striking asset was his alluring personality. Professor Khupe had met few such men in his life. Their warmth made everyone feel like they were their best friend. They were good men. However, they tended to be morally ambidextrous. If a stranger confessed to having been involved in a horrible crime, they would reserve judgment until they found out whether the confessor was the victim or victimizer. Once they knew, they would immediately lend their sympathies to the confessor’s position. Their worldview was simple. They supported the first person to confide in them. Such men made good lawyers.
Gabrielle Zevin, All These Things I've Done|The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|‪#‎STEREOTYPES‬ ‪#‎SOCIETY‬ ‪#‎COMPATIBILITY‬ ‪#‎BREAKTHROUGH‬Stereotypes?? What are they?? WE ARE SOCIETY, WE MAKE SOCIETY..WE ARE NOT MARRIED TO SOCIETY,WE LIVE IN IT!
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|Philologists assure us that żulm in Arabic originally meant "to put something out of its proper place," so that all wrong of any kind is injustice, i.e., an injustice against the agent himself) is, therefore, a very common term in the Qur’ān, with its clear idea that all injustice is basically reflexive.
Miles Watson, A Fever In The Blood|Hatred was easy. The permutations constant over the years: A stranger at a fair who palmed my crotch through my shorts. A man on the sidewalk who lunged at me, then laughed when I flinched. The night an older man took me to a fancy restaurant when I wasn't even old enough to like oysters. Not yet twenty. The owner joined our table, and so did a famous filmmaker. The men fell into a heated discussion with no entry point for me: I fidgeted with my heavy cloth napkin, drank water. Staring at the wall. "Eat your vegetables," the filmmaker suddenly snapped at me. "You're a growing girl."The filmmaker wanted me to know what I already knew: I had no power. He saw my need and used it against me.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|That was the splendid thing about life: Though it was cruel, it was also mysterious, filled with wonder and surprise; sometimes the surprises were so amazing that they qualified as miraculous, and by witnessing those miracles, a despondent person could discover a reason to live, a cynic could obtain unexpected relief from ennui, and a profoundly wounded boy could find the will to heal himself and medicine for melancholy.
Leo Durocher|Baseball is almost the only orderly thing in a very unorderly world. If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world can't get you off. 
Alexander McCall Smith, The Novel Habits of Happiness|She knew that she had a tendency to allow her mind to wander, but surely that's what made the world interesting. One thought led to another, one memory triggered another. How dull it would be, she thought, not to be reminded of the interconnectedness of everything, how dull for the present not to evoke the past, for here not to imply there.
Julie Anne Long|Everyone needs beauty. Even beautiful people"From "Central Park Song
Mallika Nawal|...hear the language, this English, double-jointed as Bedivere's limbs. It only sounds awkward. In its ability to join one concept to another as with pegs, its dependent clauses, figures of speech and cadenced alliteration, a man can say one thing five ways and yet imply a sixth; can change meaning with an inflection, a pause or a deliberate misuse of a word, can mock, scorn and flay an opponent without uttering one overt insult.
J.M. Coetzee|In a while the organism will repair itself, and I, the ghost within it, will be my old self again. But the truth, he knows, is otherwise. His pleasure in living has been snuffed out. Like a leaf on a stream, like a puffball on a breeze, he has begun to float toward his end.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|The hours tick by as I lie in bed.Memories keep surfacing, tormenting me into unbelievable sadness. I can't bring myself to move. I can't fight the memories that keep filling my thoughts. I stay curled in the fetal position as each memory plays out. I can't stop them from coming. I can't make them go away. Nothing can distract me. I can't block the memories, so they continue to come.
Laura Weakley|Torah is not just a book, not just a bunch of laws, and not just a history, but so much more. The Torah is a way ofd life to learn and live, and when studied, a spiritual way to understand life as well as providing instructions on getting closer to Adonai (God). When we treat others kindly, fairly, and lovingly, both in our home, social, and business lives, we are living Torah. The "truth" is the Torah is many things simultaneously.
Robert Kennedy|To find a man's true character, play golf with him.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|No! You stay alive! Submit, do you hear? You're strong, you survive. You stay alive, no matter what occurs! I will find you. No matter how long it takes, no matter how far, I will find you . . . (Hawkeye / The Last of the Mohicans) 97
Steve Jobs|We're all screwed up. And the way Christians mess things up is we act like we've got it going on. And if we would just stay in that place of, 'Hey, we're all screwed up and but for the grace of God, none of us have a shot here.' We need to have a sense of humor about it; that's kind of the way I've always faced my comedy.
Desmond Morris, The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal|Like a new creature, maybe an angel, you have shocked everyone with such beauty.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|I said to all the things that throng about the gateways of the senses: "Tell me of my God, since you are not He. Tell me something of Him." And they cried out in a great voice: "He made us." CS Lewis
Albert Thomas Bifarelli|STARLIGHT and THUNDERThe Limits of Art is an anthological collection for the ages...for a lifetime. A veritable ark containing excerpts from the sound and fury representative of the finest literary scriveners the world has yet produced.Unequivocally, intellectual nourishment breeds a fire in the mind...a conflagration of ideas and incendiary thoughts that furnish the spirit with conviction and courage to confront the ballet and ballistics of life with passion, wit, tenderness, reason, resolve, humor, imagination and unconditional curiosity.Amidst the clamor brought forth by the alarums and excursions of modern day pontifications, nevertheless, conform and commit your mind to the abolition of ignorance! Accede your sensibilities to the rapture of beauty and her ineffable grace. For beauty is enchantment, a romantic allegiance to the rhapsodic seduction celebratory of the ephemeral, the eternal and the esoteric nature and narratives of fictive splendor, which valorously emanate from this voluptuous volume. This magisterial tome is a figurative brocade of both starlight and thunder transcribed into an insatiable verbal delirium groping toward an unbridled exposition on life’s wonders and mysteries. Drink mightily from its gilded chalice.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|If it took me showing some warmth to get warmth in return, I'd do it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Three Tales|These Days, Keeping Anything "Simple" Is The Most "Complex" Task To Do....
Anne Graham Lotz|Sacrifice, discipline and prayer are essential. We gain strength through God's word. We receive grace from the sacrament. And when we fumble due to sin - and it's gonna happen - confession puts us back on the field.
K.M. Tremills, Messenger|Happy are those who value what they have, when they have it.
Joe Carnahan|For the longest time, I didn't even want to admit I was serious about music. Before the Shins, I would tell myself, 'Oh, I'm going to figure something out someday.' I had this romantic vision of being this old dude maybe making guitars or something.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If God wanted the woods to be quiet, He would not have given birds songs to sing.
Charles Fourier|Whom the gods would destroy, they first subsidize.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Naval Treaty|It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
Tamara L. Chilver|curriculum companies provide more work than is needed. I never finished the complete curriculum when I taught in a classroom or at home. If your race is with your curriculum, learn to pick and choose what to use, and please do not attempt to cover it all or your race will be ongoing and you will be exhausted. Even races require pit stops to refuel.
Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops|CUSTOMER: I don’t know why she wants it, but my wife asked for a copy of The Dinosaur Cookbook.BOOKSELLER: The Dinah Shore Cookbook?
Pat Barker, Life Class|It is not difficult to stand above the conventions when we leave no hostages among them; men can always be more unconventional than women, and a bachelor of independent means need encounter no difficulties at all.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|A glacial chill rushes through Gage. He whips around just in time to see arms clutch Summer around the middle and drag her into the dark. Panic seizes him, and he takes off after her, regardless of the chaos brewing behind him. Her cry of surprise echoes all around them, drilling into his bones.
Joyce Rachelle|Sometimes exhaustion is not a result of too much time spent on something, but of knowing that in its place, no time is spent on something else.
Judy Blume, Forever . . .|If you skip one class, everyone knows about it. The teacher will track you down, or one of the guidance counselors will track you down and ask if you're smoking pot. According to the geniuses running this place, the only reason you would skip class is if you're smoking pot, though I actually find my classes more enjoyable when I'm high.
Plato, Phaedrus|Only a philosopher's mind grows wings, since its memory always keeps it as close as possible to those realities by being close to which the gods are divine.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|Now go with me and with this holy manInto the chantry by: there, before him,And underneath that consecrated roof,Plight me the full assurance of your faith.
Alec Baldwin|A lot of people can find something to laugh at in my humor, I guess.
Todd M. Brenneman, Homespun Gospel: The Triumph of Sentimentality in Contemporary American Evangelicalism|In principle, to be sure, the Reformation idea of the universal priesthood of all believers meant that not only the clergy but also the laity, not only the theologian but also the magistrate, had the capacity to read, understand, and apply the teachings of the Bible. Yet one of the contributions of the sacred philology of the biblical humanists to the Reformation was an insistence that, in practice, often contradicted the notion of the universal priesthood: the Bible had to be understood on the basis of the authentic original text, written in Hebrew and Greek which, most of the time, only clergy and theologians could comprehend properly. Thus the scholarly authority of the Reformation clergy replaced the priestly authority of the medieval clergy.
Elizabeth Kerner|Driving to see my childhood home was very significant for me. It taught me the importance of home, especially to children. Your home is more than just a shelter. It is more than just a place to showcase your design skills. It is more than just a means to an end (especially if you would rather live somewhere else). It is the most importance place of your life. It provides you solace and refuge from the harsh world. It provides tangible comforts, like your cozy sofa and warm bed. But it also provides other comforts in the energy it gives off. You will have so many memories in this home. There will be many firsts here, and if you have children, they will remember even the smallest details about your home - especially all of its off-beat character.
Choa Kok Sui, Experiencing Being - The Golden Lotus Sutras on Life|Forgive other people before you ask for forgiveness… As you forgive, you will be forgiven.
Katie Reus, Retribution|He moved to her other breast, then lower, lower...	She rolled her hips insistently when he settled between her open legs, crouched like a predator about to devour his prey.
Dalene Matthee, Fiela's Child|I want to see the king," I said, after explaining who I was."Wonderful," said the ancient Nkumai who sat on a cushion near the corner pole of the house. "I'm glad for you."That was all, and apparently he meant to say no more. "Why are you so glad?" I asked."Because it's good for every human being to have an unfulfilled wish. It makes all of life so poignant.
J.K. Rowling|The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
Barbra Streisand|He who receives money in trust to administer for the benefit of its owner, and uses it either for his own interest or against the wishes of its rightful owner, is a thief.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|If attempting to make the world a civilized one, makes you a bad woman in the eyes of the dumb patriarchal society, then, by all means, be it.
Jorge Luis Borges|Every day is a new day to hope, dream and try again.
Berry Quotes|When you truly love someone, you can’t just be their friend.
Michael Mandelbaum|When a sports movie really works, it gets you on all levels, because the stakes are high. It's black and white. It's win or lose.
Tulga Demir|You will meet many people who try to harm you, pull you down or back stab you. Don’t worry! They can’t really succeed unless you allow them to. Fill your aura with so much love and energy that that it will disallow any efforts to harm you!
Luther Burbank|It looks like you're mocking me as if I am a girl who still believes in Santa Claus." Emily says.
Sam Harris|If we cannot find our way to a time when most of us are willing to admit that, at the very least, we are not sure whether or not God wrote some of our books, then we need only count the days to Armageddon—because God has given us far many more reasons to kill one another than to turn the other cheek.
Steven Franssen, Make Self-Knowledge Great Again|Comrade, your statement is factually incorrect.” “Yes, it is. But it is politically correct.” (The Rise of Political Correctness)
Dada Bhagwan|Jalebi (dessert) makes tea taste bland [tasteless]. Similarly, when one tastes the happiness of the Self, it makes worldly happiness bland. One cannot break free from the worldly life until one finds worldly happiness bland.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|The present is a transitory existence which is made in order to be abolished: it retrieves itself only by transcending itself toward the permanence of future being; it is only as an instrument, as a means, it is only by it's efficacy with regard to the coming of the future that the present is validly realized: reduced to itself it is nothing , one may dispose of it as he pleases.
Sterling K. Brown|There's no idea or concept in comedy you could do that hasn't been attacked from some angle. But if you start leaving punchlines out so you'll look cool, I don't get that. But I don't watch standup anyway, so I don't know what they're doing.
Jacques Loeb|Will it be possible to solve these problems? It is certain that nobody has thus far observed the transformation of dead into living matter, and for this reason we cannot form a definite plan for the solution of this problem of transformation. But we see that plants and animals during their growth continually transform dead into living matter, and that the chemical processes in living matter do not differ in principle from those in dead matter. There is, therefore, no reason to predict that abiogenesis is impossible, and I believe that it can only help science if the younger investigators realize that experimental abiogenesis is the goal of biology.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|V had a passing thought that she used the word "anyway" like an eraser on a crowded chalkboard. She said it whenever she needed to clear off the things she'd just shared to make room for more.
Hubert Selby Jr., Waiting Period|Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Help me. Please, help me. If you really exist, you skinny jew bastard, help me kill myself.
Jill Bolte Taylor|I believe that the more time we spend choosing to run the deep inner-peace circuitry of our right hemispheres, the more peace we will project into the world, and the more peaceful our planet will be.
Donna Grant, Dawn's Desire|By all that was holy, he wanted to kiss every inch of her at least a thousand times.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Christ loved the sons of men before there were sons of men, and me before there was me. If he was going to get tired of me, he would have done so before now.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Come down, O Christ, and help me! reach thy hand For I am drowning in a stormier sea Than Simon on thy lake of Galilee:The wine of life is spilt upon the sand,My heart is as some famine-murdered land Whence all good things have perished utterly, And well I know my soul in Hell must lieIf this night before God's throne should stand.
Haruki Murakami|once your get your hopes up, your mind starts acting on its own. And when your hopes are dashed you get dissapointed, and dissapointment leads to a feeling of helplessness. You get careless and let your guard down. And right now, she though, that si the last thing I can afford.
Ram Dass|You can't call it an adventure unless it's tinged with danger. The greatest danger in life, though, is not taking the adventure at all. To have the objective of a life of ease is death. I think we've all got to go after our own Everest.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Moving a pile of bricks from one side of the room to the other requires strength. Time, discipline, patience.
Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science|But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|In this space, in this moment, we are who we want to be. I am lucky, because for me that doesn’t take much courage. But for others, it takes a world of bravery to make it to the clearing.
Leonard Susskind, The Theoretical Minimum: What You Need to Know to Start Doing Physics|At some point we have to give up and say that's just the way it is. Or, not give up and push on.
Dick Cavett|We want to look at everything we can do that's right and proper under federal law, and with federal laws to see that the children of America are given a chance to grow as strong, constructive, healthy human beings. It's the best investment we can possibly make in America.
Nesta Tuomey, Like One of the Family|when the night turns into morningI want during the day, tell my story when evening twilight passed
Mark Twain, The Autobiography of Mark Twain|A man who will enslave his own blood, may not be safely relied on for magnamity.
Laurie J. Marks, Fire Logic|There is something about riding a unicorn, for those people who still can, which is unlike any other experience: exhilarating, and intoxicating, and fine.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|What?”Lucien laughed. “Yes—all those female faeries around you were females for Tamlin to pick. It’s an honor to be chosen, but it’s his instincts that select her.”“But you were there—and other male faeries.” My face burned so hot that I began sweating. That was why those three horrible faeries had been there—and they’d thought that just by my presence, I was happy to comply with their plans.“Ah.” Lucien chuckled. “Well, Tam’s not the only one who gets to perform the rite tonight. Once he makes his choice, we’re free to mingle. Though it’s not the Great Rite, our own dalliances tonight will help the land, too.” He shrugged off that invisible hand a second time, and his eyes fell upon the hills. “You’re lucky I found you when I did, though,” he said. “Because he would have smelled you, and claimed you, but it wouldn’t have been Tamlin who brought you into that cave.” His eyes met mine, and a chill went over me. “And I don’t think you would have liked it. Tonight is not for lovemaking.
Janine Benyus|Of the 55 refineries closed in America in the last 10 years, they were all closed for economic reasons, mostly oil company mergers. Not a single one was closed for environmental purposes or objections.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|You can change your life or not change it. It really doesn’t matter in the end.Life as humans live it is too fleeting, too incidental, too minisculefor the universe to keep forever.So just do good to others; be good, allbecause it makes you happy,happy beyond fame, power, andeternity.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|They were opposite in so many ways, but it was the kind of difference that was balancing-her softness with his steel, his instinct and her logic. He was teaching her by example to have courage in the face of fear, and she badly wanted to help him give voice to his grief and understand it was all right to feel pain.
Tim Burton|If you've ever had that feeling of loneliness, of being an outsider, it never quite leaves you. You can be happy or successful or whatever, but that thing still stays with you.
Søren Kierkegaard, Repetition and Philosophical Crumbs|... he will seek vainly to the right and to the left and in the newspapers for a guarantee that he has actually been amused.For a sophisticated person, on the other hand, who is still unembarrassed enough to dare to be amused all by himself, who has enough self-confidence to know, without seeking advice from anyone else, whether he has been amused, farce will perhaps have a very special meaning, in that now with the spaciousness of abstraction and now with the presentation of a tangible actuality, it will affect his mood differently.He will, of course refrain from bringing a fixed and definite mood with him so that everything affects him in relation to that mood. He will have perfected his mood, in that he will be able to keep himself in a condition where no particular mood is present, but where all moods are possible.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|KISS DAY POEM:To start with a kiss..I'll mark first .. on the top of your head.. just to say that.. I'll be with you.. forever!*Next two on the eyes..just to say that.. the world is so beautiful..as I see with you.. whatever!!*Then three.. on the nose and cheek..just to say that.. I am myself..As I walk with you wherever!!!*Then a peck on the neck..just to say that.. you are perfect.and then.. Final one on the lips..just to say that.. just to say that..just to say nothing.Because our love is beyond the skyline!My life is yours forever.. O girl, O girl..O you be my.. Valentine!!!!
Michelle Phan|A conservative is a man who just sits and thinks, mostly sits.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|An Indian child is brought up in England, and he will speak both English and Hindi very well. English in school and Hindi at home. But here it’s English both in schools and at home. Why can’t you speak Swahili with your child at home? If this continues we will turn into an English speaking country.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|She said a silent prayer of gratitude and went to the stove, making as little noise as possible, stirring the embers with a poker and then shoving in several sticks of the precious seasoned wood.When the stove was putting out noticeable heat again, she made her way to the hearth and repeated the process, feeling a certain primitive joy as the flames leaped up around the fresh logs, crackling cheerfully and spilling warmth over her bare feet.
Tony Garza|Many a person has held close, throughout their entire lives, two friends that always remained strange to one another, because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity, the other by difference.
Virginia Postrel|If food is labeled, some people might choose to eat stuff that's genetically modified. They might decide they love it. But give us a choice.
Walter Isaacson|People with no humor, they're outta my life.
Woody Allen|Death doesn't really worry me that much, I'm not frightened about it... I just don't want to be there when it happens.
C S Areson, Impossible to Forgive?: What God Can Do When You Can't.|If you wish good on someone with your whole heart, you cannot hold onto feelings of unforgiveness. You will be free.
Anatole France|All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
Neil Peart, Far and Away: A Prize Every Time|... things are the way they are in our universe because if they Weren't, we would not be here to notice.
Sunday Adelaja|I believe that for Nigeria and other third world countries to truly become developed, we must change the culture and attitude of our people towards work
Karen Salmansohn, Instant Happy Journal: 365 Days of Inspiration, Gratitude, and Joy|I have not met this person, and yet I hate him more than anything, for in him is everything I hate.
Rachel Hawkins, Hex Hall|I don't know what I was expecting a vampire's room to look like. Maybe lots of black, a bunch of books by Camus... oh, and a sensitive portrait of the only human the vamp ever loved, who had no doubt died of something beautiful and tragic, thus dooming the vamp to an eternity of moping and sighing dramatically.What can I say? I read a lot of books.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|People are very busy; they are so busy that when they walk in the crowds they see no one, no one but themselves; they hear no voice, no voice but their own voice!
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Oleander Girl|She tugged on his hair. "I'll have you know I'm no weakling."	He grinned and kissed her forehead. "No, it takes a strong woman to kill a truck.
Samantha Leahy|Anger was a waste of time and energy. Anger was useless."Anger" was the label given to the emotion that accomplished nothing.
Cyril Connolly|I'm a photographer, period. I love photography, the immediacy of it. I like the craft, the idea of saying 'I'm a photographer.'
Maximilien de Robespierre|Violence is already active here; it is built into the very structure od the existing society. If we seek a world in which men do the least possible violence to each other (which is to state just the negative of it), then we are committed not simply to try to avoid violence ourselves, but to try to destroy patterns of violence which already exist.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without faith and hope, how could we have survived life?
Elvis Presley|Tea time is a chance to slow down, pull back and appreciate our surroundings.
Brooks Atkinson|You can't return to a place that no longer exists, luv.
Colleen Houck|Does that count as an argument? Can we kiss and make up now?”"It was only half an argument.”“Fine. Then, you kiss and I’ll make up.”I laughed until he effectively shut me up with his lips.
Robert Baden-Powell|In externals we advance with lightening express speed, in modes of thought and sympathy we lumber on in stage-coach fashion.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Even if we were very good at making everything outside of ourselves be just the way we ourselves want it to be (a ludicrous thought, you must admit), we could fundamentally never get everything perfect: because our desires are always changing, because they are often conflicting, and because the changes of the environment can never keep up with the pace of the wanting mind. The satisfaction of desire as a strategy for happiness will always be a doomed enterprise.
Kat Graham|To me, success is making a positive difference through art - making art that affects the world and that changes the way people feel about themselves and the world.
David Foster Wallace, The Broom of the System|Some words have to be explicitly uttered, Lenore. Only by actually uttering certain words does one really DO what one SAYS. ‘Love’ is one of those words, performative words. Some words can literally make things real.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets|Reality is far more vicious than Russian roulette. First, it delivers the fatal bullet rather infrequently, like a revolver that would have hundreds, even thousands of chambers instead of six. After a few dozen tries, one forgets about the existence of a bullet, under a numbing false sense of security. Second, unlike a well-defined precise game like Russian roulette, where the risks are visible to anyone capable of multiplying and dividing by six, one does not observe the barrel of reality. One is capable of unwittingly playing Russian roulette - and calling it by some alternative “low risk” game.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Don’t forget, success is a product of choices. One of those choices is the willingness to make changes. Make changes and achieve your big dreams!
Elizabeth Cunningham, The Passion of Mary Magdalen|Being born in a place is only one way to belong, nor do you have to die there....I knew at once that Magdala was home because I felt sighted there again, second sighted. It was not only the spring. In time everything spoke.When birds rose into the air, I could read the pattern of their wings, and the path the wind made on the water carried messages. The very ground said make a path here, plant herbs there. These vine are not dead. Tend them and they'll bear fruit again. Ancient trees offered shelter and wisdom as well as olives. And there were certain rocks that could absorb fatigue or agitation, leaving me refreshed and calm.
Steven Saylor, The Judgment of Caesar|Christian equality can be described as equity, or even-handedness. Egalitarianism, in contrast, demands sameness, or equality of outcome. These two visions of equality are about as comparable as dry and wet. Think of it in terms of ten teenage boys trying to dunk a basketball: equity means that they all face the same ten-foot standard, and only two them them can do it — equity thus usually means differences in outcome. Egalitarianism wants equality of outcome, and there is only one way to get that — lower the net. Sameness of outcome requires differences in the standards.
Tony Bradman|I cut 'Diamond in My Crown' in my home in Georgia, because I wanted to use an old 1848 pump organ that my mother-in-law had gotten for Emory for Christmas one year. His mother would be proud to know that pump organ was made use of.
Dele Ayo Bankole|When you're tired, sleep. Don't watch stupid tv or play games on your phone. Sleep, and then get up early, and do the stuff you hope you'll be known for after you die.
Sharon Sala, Saving Jake|Grinning to himself, Blue went out the door pulling out on his T-shirt. So sue him, he had changed his mind, but he sure wasn’t going to quite admit it. She’d laugh like a hyena, and he had some pride. He found his hat, made sure to clean up Roy’s kitchen, and went out to see to the horses. God, had he ever had so much fun in a relationship before? Most of them had been just about sex, and he and Jenna still hadn’t even done that.Maybe that was the secret. Liking someone first and then realizing you wanted to make love to them made a lot more sense. Blue put on his hat. And he would be making love with Jenna, he was damned sure about that. Sometimes even a Marine had to reassess his priorities. 44%
Lauryn Hill|For sleep, riches and health to be truly enjoyed, they must be interrupted.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|If you can not call out bigotry, corruption, racism, sexism, xenophobia, islamophobia, ageism, agnosticism, imperialism, antiblackism, antisemitism, authoritarianism, terrorism, egoism, and totalitarianism; then you are encouraging it to grow. There is no retreat from all the "isms" conflicts with which we must cope.The most fecund killer of innocent in all of human history is not a disease or natural catastrophe. It is rooted in a sick way of thinking in which we have been programmed. Avoiding the quandary isn't helpful. A public discussion of these challenges could open up a new dialogue of approach. Without, this is the reality that the next generation would have to live with.
Emma Raveling|He can't give you a future.""I know. Because I make my own future.
Makoto Shinkai|I want you to forget what i told you earlier, I... I couldn’t love someone like you. I hate you. I thought it the second i saw you in the park. You were just poison! Drinking beer in the morning, quoting some stupid Tanka to me! You listening to other people talking all day just so you never have to reveal a thing about yourself! You knew who I was, I was just a kid! What were you thinking what’s wrong with you?! If I’d know who you were I wouldn’t have told you a thing about me or my dreams. You don’t think I can do it! You don’t think I’ll ever amount to anything! What is that why you didn’t say anything to me? You thought maybe you'd humor the little kid? Indulge his fantasies for a little while! Just string him along? Just say it I’ll never measure up to my dreams! You knew from the beginning you could have just admitted it! But you played along. So tell me god damn it! Tell me that little kids should run along to school! Tell me that you hate me! Say it! Come on listener say something for a change! You loser! Its because you act like that. You never say what's important! You act like it's none of your business! You've been living your whole life alone!
Dwyane Wade|Go on daddy-daughter dates and father-and-sons' outings with your children. As a family, go on campouts and picnics, to ball games and recitals, to school programs, and so forth. Having Dad there makes all the difference.
Narendra Modi|I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
Criss Jami, Healology|A prophet is always underestimated, and part of what makes one a prophet is that he doesn't really mind it.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When your life gets to the stage of being mindful and concerned with impacting and blessing lives, then you are pursuing wholeness as an individual.
Groucho Marx|Well, I think the great tragedy in American politics is what is legal, not what is illegal.
Shannan Jacoby|Ruskin says that anyone who expects perfection from a work of art knows nothing of works of art. This is an appealing sentence that, so far as I can see, is not true about a few pictures and statues and pieces of music, short stories and short poems. Whether or not you expect perfection from them, you get it; at least, there is nothing in them that you would want changed. But what Ruskin says is true about novels: anyone who expects perfection from even the greatest novel knows nothing of novels.
Kamand Kojouri|Wake up. If your eyes are sleeping then wipe them gently. You need to be awake for this. It is a matter of life and death. Wake up! If your mind is sleeping then shake it quickly. You need to be awake for this. It is a matter of life and death. Wake up, I said! If your heart is sleeping then beat your chest! You need to be awake for life! You need to be awake for love! It is a matter of living and being alive.
Walter Gropius|Jobs offshoring began with manufacturing, but the rise of the high-speed Internet made it possible to move offshore tradable professional skills, such as software engineering, information technology, various forms of engineering, architecture, accounting, and even the medical reading of MRIs and CT-Scans.
Paul Ryan|Yes, the disruption of the Internet can be blamed for the destruction of the business model that once made journalism a thriving, well-paying enterprise, but it has also created an array of new tools for reporting. Somebody will eventually figure out how to make online newspapers profitable - I hope.
Alice McDermott, Child of My Heart|Scribble out the world since it was not to your liking and make up a new one, something better.
Lionel Suggs|Tread the path one has walked, before stoning them!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I'd rather speak into someone's life than out of their life!" EL
Anna Hamilton|Anyone who takes opioids on a regular basis will become dependent upon them, meaning they will have to taper off gradually to avoid withdrawal symptoms. But very few chronic pain patients exhibit the compulsive drug-seeking behaviors of someone who is addicted.
Elijah Onyenmeriogu|Indeed, these people are not drunk, as you suppose, for it is only nine o’clock in the morning.
Janette Rallison, My Double Life|In moments such as these, it’s the minor seconds that count. Seconds that can make or break you. Seconds that can save your life.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience and Other Essays|The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things..
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|People generally see what they look for and hear what they listen for, and they have a right to subject their children to it.
Charlie Cox|I always wanted to be an actor, but I always loved design, and growing up in New Orleans there was such great style, great architecture. I would decorate my little apartment in New York over and over again, because it only had a couple of rooms. And I did it for friends and family on the side just for fun.
Abraham Lincoln|"Now" is the operative word. Everything you put in your way is just a method of putting off the hour when you could actually be doing your dream.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|it's okay to be addicted to beauty," Mom says, all dreamy. "Emerson said 'beauty is God's handwriting.
Robert G.  Thompson, Hooked on Customers: The Five Habits of Legendary Customer-Centric Companies|Realize that employees and the customers both have to be engaged, at the same time, to move your business forward for sustainable success.
Susan Sarandon|Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty weapon." ( Kym Douglas / Cindy Pearlman, 2006)
Jerome K. Jerome|No man should tell a lie unless he is shrewd enough to recognize the time for renouncing it, if and when it comes, and knows how to renounce it gracefully.
Robert Burns|Spent my whole life,” Morganith went on, staring miserably into her drink, “thinkin’ that out there somewhere was ah woman who would love me incredibly and I would love her incredibly. Like ah fire consumin’ the very air. Then I meet her, and she leaves me.” Morganith snapped her fingers lazily. “Just like that.
Yair Lapid|Assad has to be removed, and then you have to actually put someone in that is a qualified leader that can start to build some trust in that area.
Donovan L. Graham, Teaching Redemptively: Bringing Grace and Truth Into Your Classroom|If there is any solace to be found in the carnage of September 11th, may I find it in understanding that the potential to do great good can handily rival the tendency to carry out great evil. And out of that understanding may I commit in my own life to make certain that in such a critical rivalry I will ensure that towers will never fall because of me, but people will be raised up due to me.
Roxana Robinson|An empath is capable of taking on the grief of another in order to lessen their suffering. In order to not be consumed with pain, an empath should have an outlet for that pain lest they lose themselves in feeling for others.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|In the age of facebookerism and tweeterism, people have been manipulated to behave foolishly. " Look at me, i am here" culture has thrived.
Thomas Browne|When you have to pretend to be someone, anyone other than yourself. Then you need to make over every part of you. Because just pretending to be someone, anyone other than yourself, you always will be just you. Make over your attitude, your ways, values and morals. Then you will be free to be just you.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui|When you're doing collaborative music, the relationship that forms is a very bonding kind of experience.
Jacob Nordby|If you could possibly understand how precious and powerful your experience of this one lifetime as yourself is, you wouldn't be trying to go anywhere else.If you could know the perfection of time and space,You would slow each moment downTo drain every possible nuance of juice and flavor from it.When you leave this place, your body and mind and the earth which holds you, you will look back and only wish you had known the immense richness that you hurried through trying to find other better states of being.But this is the best bite.Heaven is here.Nirvana is now.As soon as you know that for sureYour life will never be the same again.In fact, in every way it seeks to get your attention. begs you to awaken to the magic right before your eyes.
Jay Samit|When cattle ranchers clear rain forests to raise beef to sell to fast-food chains that make hamburgers to sell to Americans, who have the highest rate of heart disease in the world (and spend the most money per GNP on health care), we can say easily that business is no longer developing the world. We have become its predator.
Nikki Rowe|I don't care what anyone says, the stars give you hope on a dark and gloomy night.
Julian Castro|I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.
Spencer W. Kimball|We are not called by God to do extraordinary things, but to do ordinary things with extraordinary love. 
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|You know how I get angry sometimes? That's because it's the only way I can still feel. And I need to test myself, to make sure I'm really here.
Garon Whited|It’s one thing to be an undead fiend of darkness, but it takes an immense amount of work to look cool while doing it.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy|A new doctor had been sent for, Lazzaro of Pavia, who had administered to Lorenzo a pulverized mixture of diamonds and pearls. This hitherto infallible medicine had failed to help.
George Bernard Shaw, Mrs. Warren's Profession|A map of the world that does not include Utopia is not worth even glancing at, for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing. And when Humanity lands there, it looks out, and, seeing a better country, sets sail. Progress is the realisation of Utopias.
Jennifer Lopez, True Love|As women, we almost never give ourselves enough credit for what we're capable of, for what we endure and how giving we are. Part of loving yourself is about forgiving yourself - which is something I've always struggled with. It's the messy parts that make us human, so we should embrace them too - pat ourselves on the back for getting through them rather than being angry for having gotten into them in the first place. Because loving yourself is ultimately about self-acceptance, about embracing every part of who you are. And that's never just one thing.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Old age has a great sense of calm and freedom when the passions relax their hold, then, as Sophocles says, we are free from the grasp, not of one mad master only, but of many.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|Love Darren? Of course not. Love is for fools not smart enough to see the path in front of them. That’s the difference between you and I, Ryiah. I see the truth and accept Darren for what he is. You just see what you want to see. It’s why I will wear the crown and bear his children while you are left wondering why you were never good enough.
Deyth Banger|The most isolated inhabited island in the world is Tristan da Cunha, an active volcano located in the middle of the south Atlantic Ocean 1,242 miles (2,000 kilometers) from the nearest land. Tristan da Cunha is Portuguese for “Where the fuck are we?!
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|We are going to your father," Mrs. Which said. "But where is he?" Meg went over to Mrs. Which and stamped as though she were as young as Charles Wallace. Mrs. Whatsit answered in a voice that was low but quite firm. "On a planet that has given in. So you must prepare to be very strong.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|The more you care, the more you fear.
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins|Belief is the death of intelligence. As soon as one believes a doctrine of any sort, or assumes certitude, one stops thinking about that aspect of existence.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Let me see,” Opal said.She quickly slurped up the rest of her lunch and thentook the collar. She examined it very closely. Sure enough,she could see bits of evergreen fur pinched along the buckle strap. As she looked closer, she noticed something else. Several pieces of black onyx were sewn into the back of the collar, and they started glowing.“Well look at that,” Jack said. “Somebody’s put a spider in this biscuit.
Gene Stratton-Porter, The Keeper of the Bees|Jamie reflected that if he purposely went down to the crags of the Pacific and threw himself to the sharks, when he came before God and his father and mother, he could carry no smiling secret on his face. He would not have kept the faith. He would have broken the laws of God and man. He would have allowed frail woman to surpass him in courage, in endurance. He shut his eyes to close out even the imagined look on his mother's face. So right there Jamie crossed off the Pacific from his scheme of release.
Holly Hood, Black Moon|I understand that you want “normal” by what you define it, but normal is what you make it. You could spend a lifetime in the house you grew up in and never once feel normal.
~Preetilata Kumari|When you plan ahead, shit never goes wrong, just in different directions. - Welliver.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Code of the Woosters|There are moments, Jeeves, when one asks oneself, 'Do trousers matter?'""The mood will pass, sir.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Inspiration: Soulfully Inspiring You to Attain Your Goals by Utilizing the Power of Inspiration|If we want a world with greater equality, we need to acknowledge that women are less likely to keep their hands up. We need institutions and individuals to notice and correct for this behavior by encouraging, promoting, and championing more women. And women have to learn to keep their hands up, because when they lower them, even managers with the best intentions might not notice.
Henry Miller Shreve|The night I sat down to read Dostoievski for the first time was a most important event in my life, even more important than my first love. It was the first deliberate, conscious act which had significance for me; it changed the whole face of the world. Whether it is true that the clock stopped that moment when I looked up after the first deep gulp I don't know any more. But the world stopped dead for a moment, that I know. It was my first glimpse into the soul of a man, or shall I say simply that Dostoievski was the first man to reveal his soul to me?"Henry Miller
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|I’ve heard it said many times when talking about going to heaven, ‘You can’t take it with you.’ It’s true that you cannot take with you your house, car, money, or other things you have valued here on earth, but how about your husband, wife, parents, children, friends, and acquaintances? You personally will never be able to get someone into heaven, but God certainly can use you as a tool to spread the good news as He brings more people to Himself.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|o. It is not wonderful. It is an ugly world. Not like this one. Anarres is all dusty and dry hills. All meager, all dry. And the people aren’t beautiful. They have big hands and feet, like me and the waiter there. But not big bellies. They get very dirty, and take baths together, nobody here does that. The towns are very small and dull, they are dreary. No palaces. Life is dull, and hard work. You can’t always have what you want, or even what you need, because there isn’t enough. You Urrasti have enough. Enough air, enough rain, grass, oceans, food, music, buildings, factories, machines, books, clothes, history. You are rich, you own. We are poor, we lack. You have, we do not have. Everything is beautiful here. Only not the faces. On Anarres nothing is beautiful, nothing but the faces. The other faces, the men and women. We have nothing but that, nothing but each other. Here you see the jewels, there you see the eyes. And in the eyes you see the splendor, the splendor of the human spirit. Because our men and women are free—possessing nothing, they are free. And you the possessors are possessed. You are all in jail. Each alone, solitary, with a heap of what he owns. You live in prison, die in prison. It is all I can see in your eyes—the wall, the wall!
Scott Stabile|He knew his words could not convey the impossible love he felt for her, so he held her stare and hoped (prayed!) she would understand the immensity of it all.
Peter F. Drucker|If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old
Hector P. Perez|Leadership is not something that is added, but rather built in the DNA of creation, an orderly creation (1 Corinthians 12:12; 14:38-45; Titus 1:5; Genesis 1; 2). The real question is whether humanity has high-jacked Leadership?
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|A lot of people think something is right, and so that thing becomes right.
John Mark Reynolds|if we are wayfarers who want to return home, then we must see the world as a means of transportation (terestibus vel marinis vehiculis) and always remember to distinguish the means and ends.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is ‘egoism’, there is no God. Where there is God, there is no ‘egoism’.
Trent Franks|I think if you say that art and politics, or religion and politics, mustn't mix, don't mix, that is itself a political statement. Even if you are writing a 19th-century novel where the money comes from a plantation in the Caribbean and you don't talk about that, that itself is a political thing.
Cole Swindell|I'm not really as cool and collected as 'Mrs. Funnybones', but she is the woman I want to be.
David Almond|Books. They are lined up on shelves or stacked on a table. There they are wrapped up in their jackets, lines of neat print on nicely bound pages. They look like such orderly, static things. Then you, the reader come along. You open the book jacket, and it can be like opening the gates to an unknown city, or opening the lid of a treasure chest. You read the first word and you're off on a journey of exploration and discovery.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|Nothing can do with PAST, but if you seriously thinking some good thing at PRESENT, then you can achieve anything in FUTURE.
Sigmund Freud, New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|In his fight against the powers of the surrounding world his first weapon was magic, the first forerunner of our modern technology. We suppose that this confidence in magic is derived from the over-estimation of the individual’s own intellectual operations, from the belief in the ‘omnipotence of thoughts’, which, incidentally, we come across again in our obsessional neurotics.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest: Selections for the Year|The life of faith is not a life of mounting up with wings, but a life of walking and not fainting.
Michael Leunig|What should I have known or written had I been a quiet, mercantile politician or a lord in waiting? A man must travel, and turmoil, or there is no existence.
Philip Green|Corruption is the enemy of development, and of good governance. It must be got rid of. Both the government and the people at large must come together to achieve this national objective.
Debasish Mridha|Criticism always produces negative reactions, but appreciation always creates positive actions.
Zadie Smith|Even the littlest things were now a challenge, one I didn't understand.
Hilary Winston, My Boyfriend Wrote a Book About Me: And Other Stories I Shouldn't Share with Acquaintances, Coworkers, Taxi drivers, Assistants, Job Interviewers, Bikini Waxers, and Ex/Current/Future Boyfriends but Have|There’s nothing like that feeling of waiting for a guy. It’s the loneliest feeling in the world. Holding that cell phone in your hand as you take out the trash, use the bathroom, change the litter box. Fearful that the one second you aren’t looking will be when they call. Pathetic. And something I have done as recently as last week.
Ebelsain Villegas|Imagine for a moment that life has given you everything you dream about, but you won’t be happy, because happiness comes when you pursue your dreams, otherwise it is not your dream, but charity.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Kids are naturally curious about the world around them. Everything is fascinating and holds their attention as they explore their new surroundings. Adults however, have grown up hearing the word ‘no’, ‘don't do that,’ and ‘quit daydreaming so often, they create their own little world, a world with lots of limitations. What then do most adults teach to their children? ‘No’, ‘don't do that,’ and ‘quit daydreaming.’ So, what can you learn from a child today…?
Melisa Mel, Victims and Survivors|The Oxys filled holes in me I hadn't realized were empty. It was, at least for those first few months, a wonderful way to be disabled. I felt blessed.
Edward Abbey, The Journey Home: Some Words in Defense of the American West|All we have, it seems to me, is the beauty of art and nature and life, and the love which that beauty inspires.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell, mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.
Debasish Mridha|When you are doing something you love, you see the lover dancing in your heart.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|There is a strange idea abroad, held by all monetary cranks, that credit is something a banker gives to a man. Credit, on the contrary, is something a man already has. He has it, perhaps, because he already has marketable assets of a greater cash value than the loan for which he is asking. Or he has it because his character and past record have earned it. He brings it into the bank with him. That is why the banker makes him the loan. The banker is not giving something for nothing.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|When I say that evil has to do with killing, I do not mean to restrict myself to corporeal murder. Evil is that which kills spirit. There are various essential attributes of life -- particularly human life -- such as sentience, mobility, awareness, growth, autonomy, will. It is possible to kill or attempt to kill one of these attributes without actually destroying the body. Thus we may "break" a horse or even a child without harming a hair on its head. Erich Fromm was acutely sensitive to this fact when he broadened the definition of necrophilia to include the desire of certain people to control others-to make them controllable, to foster their dependency, to discourage their capacity to think for themselves, to diminish their unpredectibility and originalty, to keep them in line. Distinguishing it from a "biophilic" person, one who appreciates and fosters the variety of life forms and the uniqueness of the individual, he demonstrated a "necrophilic character type," whose aim it is to avoid the inconvenience of life by transforming others into obedient automatons, robbing them of their humanity.Evil then, for the moment, is the force, residing either inside or outside of human beings, that seeks to kill life or liveliness. And goodness is its opposite. Goodness is that which promotes life and liveliness.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I don’t necessarily sit around inviting life to knock me down, but when it does I don’t wait around for an invitation to stand back up either.
Mandi Lynn, Essence|Emotional self-defense...Those who care so much, maybe too much, know that it takes wisdom and courage to sometimes say, “no” to others.
Mark Tilbury, The Eyes of the Accused|Dellosso’s cleverly plotted second Jed Patrick novel (after 2015’s Centralia) finds the Afghan war vet hiding with his wife, Karen, and their eight-year-old daughter, Lilly, in a cabin in the Idaho wilderness. Two months earlier, two CIA agents gave him a thumb drive containing “every damaging piece of information about the Centralia Project,” the exposure of which threatens to cause a “scandal that would be talked and read about for decades to come.” Then one day Jed returns to the cabin to find Karen in tears. She tells him that three armed men burst into the cabin asking for the thumb drive, but she didn’t know where it was. The men took Lilly, and vowed they would return for Karen. More shocks follow. Meanwhile, CIA technician Tiffany Stockton discovers a plot to control Jed’s mind in a sophisticated update of The Manchurian Candidate. Can she stop him from becomes an unwilling assassin? Dellosso expertly misdirects readers, but they should be prepared for only serviceable prose.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|I don't mean to be ungrateful but if someone's out there answering prayers, mine's not at the top of the list
Kate Griffin, The Midnight Mayor|With another shock of excitement, Harry saw Sirius give James the thumbs-up.Sirius was lounging in his chair at his ease, tilting it back on two legs. He was very good-looking, his dark hair fell into his eyes with a sort of casual elegance neither James's nor Harry's could ever have achieved, and a girl sitting behind him was eyeing him hopefully, though he didn't seem to have noticed.
Tare Munzara|The fruits of every laborer are bountiful, ripe and sweet just as the laborer's input. The laws of compensation do not allow one to have a bumper harvest against poor sowing and maintenance... If you want a good opportunity you must be willing to put input which is beyond the opportunity demands going the extra mile. Dont play your self , you must go the extra mile.
Akiroq Brost|Meditate, Clear, Calm, Center, Ground, Empty your mind, Stillness. Be receptive to a new approach. Believe in the possibilities of new opportunities.
Edward Gibbon, The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire Volume I|A pessimist is a liar, unless he destroys himself, and no less of a hypocrite than a priest who defiles the holy.
Andy Kaufman|Certain emotions just take you to the notes - being furious, heroic, sad, erotic, when rain comes.
Auliq Ice|Every single act of love, hate, or lapse of judgment may be the defining moment in a person's life.
Sunday Adelaja|but above all, i wish for you happiness, even though I'm aware you require my absence to find it.
Padma Viswanathan, The Ever After of Ashwin Rao|Perhaps terror and peace became the same thing when life's mysteries were unveiled. In the Bhagavad Gita, when Krishna reveals his divine form at Arjuna's request, Arjuna is terrified at seeing what no mortal can stand to see. But the end to human doubt surely must also bring with it a definite, final peace.
Marjorie Holmes|But what Dakota most enjoyed about the beginning of winter was the crispness of the air (that practically demanded the wearing of knits) and the way that tough New Yorkers - on the street, in elevators, in subways - were suddenly willing to risk a smile. To make a connection with a stranger. To finally see one another after strenuously avoiding eye contact all year.
Noam Chomsky|They declare that it is unpatriotic and disruptive to question the workings of authority--but patriotic to institute harsh and regressive policies that benefit the wealthy, undermine social programs that serve the needs of the great majority, and subordinate a frightened population to increased state control.
Ava Jae, Beyond the Red|Wedged as we are between two eternities of idleness, there is no excuse for being idle now.
Frédéric Bastiat, The Law|The country he had left thirty years ago had been a realistic place. There were political realities there, then and now, that precluded blind faith, that discouraged one from thinking that everything, always, would work out fairly and equitably. But he had come to believe such things in the United States. Things had worked out. Difficulties had been overcome. He had worked hard and achieved success. The machinery of government functioned.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|In this part of the story I am the one whodies, the only one, and I will die of love because I love you,because I love you, Love, in fire and in blood.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When I write sometimes I strike gold, sometimes I labor in vain and keep producing rubbish
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|I could leave the world of the book enthralled and inspired, but the real world awaited me, to caress or to kick me; reality was a powerful force that could not be ignored.
Elizabeth Graver, The End of the Point|Every day Fu-shee, the smaller children, and I fan out in the hills around Green Dragon to strip trees of their bark and leaves, dig up roots and search for wild grass. We'll eat anything, and we have. But you can't eat a leather belt like it's a crisp cucumber. You soak it, boil it, and chew on it for days.
Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally|When our emotional health is in a bad state, so is our level of self-esteem. We have to slow down and deal with what is troubling us, so that we can enjoy the simple joy of being happy and at peace with ourselves.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|You can know a thing to death and be for all purposes completely ignorant of it. A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.
Mason Cooley|A kitten is chiefly remarkable for rushing about like mad at nothing whatever, and generally stopping before it gets there.
Gretel Ehrlich, The Solace of Open Spaces|People who made their dreams come true didn’t simply go after it. They changed the person they were, in order to fit the type of person that would live that type of dream.
Anna Carey, Eve|We lose our soul, to find our life.
Jane Austen|They danced again, and when the assembly closed, parted, on the lady’s side at least, with a strong inclination for continuing the acquaintance. Whether she thought of him so much while she drank her warm wine and water and prepared herself for bed as to dream of him when there, cannot be ascertained; but I hope it was no more than in a light slumber, or a morning doze at most, for if it be true, as a celebrated writer has maintained, that no young lady can be justified in falling in love before the gentleman’s love is declared, it must be very improper that a young lady should dream of a gentlemen before the gentleman is first known to have dreamed of her.
Marina Warner, Once Upon a Time: A Short History of Fairy Tale|Stories are important too. Stories help make sense of things. They make you believe you can do things. They help you imagine that things may be different, that if you just have enough courage... or faith... or goodness... you can change things for the better.
Aristophanes|In love, women are professionals, men are amateurs.
|Money doesn't change people, it only brings out the good or bad in their subconscious minds.
Emma Shortt|Writing is like baking cupcakes, you're trying to make something from the raw. Like with cupcakes it's flour and eggs and stuff, and with books it's ideas and words. The end result is the same though, you want people to eat them up.
David Stewart, Five Standards for Safe Childbearing: Good Nutrition, Skillful Midwifery, Natural Childbirth, Home Birth, Breastfeeding|Time and time again, throughout the history of medical practice, what was once considered as "scientific" eventually becomes regarded as "bad practice".
Auliq Ice|Because I am for them, Commander, because their ancestors stood up to that Nazi, Bligh, just like I would be for one little Jew, terrified and hungry, crossing the Pyrenees to get away to freedom from the Gestapo. One little Jew. You wouldn't have him in your house. He stinks, he has lice. But, you know what, Commander? I am for him, every time.” And he would punch me in the shoulder and lug his M-1 up onto the ridge, night after night.
Karl Lagerfeld|Reinvent new combinations of what you already own. Improvise. Become more creative. Not because you have to, but because you want to. Evolution is the secret for the next step.
Omar Khayyám, Quatrains - Ballades|From the house of unbeliefto true religionis a single breath;From the world of doubtto certaintyis a single breath;Enjoy this precious single breath,for the harvestof our whole livesis that same one breath.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Was there ever a great true love? Anyone who became the object of my obsession and not simply my affections?...I could not let myself become that unmindful. Isn't that what love is - losing your mind? You don't care what people think. You don't see your beloved's faults, the slight stinginess, the bit of carelessness, the occasional streak of meanness. You don't mind that he is beneath you socially, educationally, financially, and morally - that's the worst, I think, deficient morals.
Trevor Nunn|Dr. Einstein was not successful in school, but he found something in the air from his own imagination and his own brain power, and look what he did.
Paolo Freire|From the point of view of the Low, no historic change has ever meant much more than a change in the name of their masters.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|The pain is unrelenting, and what makes the condition intolerable is the foreknowledge that no remedy will come -- not in a day, an hour, a month, or a minute. If there is mild relief, one knows that it is only temporary; more pain will follow.
Leona Lewis|No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Greatness is not greater than you, you have total control over greatness.
Thomas Gray|A poet's work is to name the unnameable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world, and stop it going to sleep.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|I sit down and say, and I run all my friends and relatives and enemies one by one in this, without entertaining any angers or gratitudes or anything, and I say, like 'Japhy Ryder, equally empty, equally to be loved, equally a coming Buddha,' then I run on, say to 'David O. Selznick, equally empty, equally to be loved, equally a coming Buddha' though I don't use names like David O. Selznick, just people I know because when I say the words 'equally a coming Buddha' I want to be thinking of their eyes, like you take Morley, his blue eyes behind those glasses, when you think 'equally a coming Buddha' you think of those eyes and you really do suddenly see the true secret serenity and the truth of his coming Buddhahood. Then you think of your enemy's eyes.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a writer is not an opponent of the government, he cannot be called as a writer, but just a disreputable lickspittle!
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Failure only happens when you lose your willpower to continue trying...If we let the obstacles get the best of us then it was our choice to fail, not fate.
Lily Tomlin|Laws too gentle are seldom obeyed; too severe, seldom executed.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Think of the times in your life when you have been deeply passionate about something. Whether it is for your family, a cause, a person, an adventure, a hobby, a career, a love for music, or even going to the beach—your passion for it helps you tap into your unique personal power to live and love your life out loud.
John Marshall|Somewhere in Rwanda, a rural farmer is dreaming of providing an education for her children. Not just high school, but maybe even a university degree. Such a dream used to seem out of reach.
Marianne Wiggins, Evidence of Things Unseen|I know that every atom of life in all this universe is bound up together. I know that pebble cannot be thrown into the ocean without distrubing every drop of water in the sea. I know that every life is inextricably mixed and woven with every other life. I know that every influence, conscious and unconscious, acts and reacts on every living organism, and that no one can fix the blame.I know that all life is a series of infinite chances, which sometimes result one way and sometimes another. I have not the infinite wisdom that can fathom it, neither has any other human brain. But I do know that in back of it is a power that made it, that power alone can tell, and if there is no power, then it is an infinite chance which man cannot solve.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|Remember. Observe, assess and act. No hesitation. No remorse.
Kimberly Kinrade, Seduced by Innocence|When we finally achieve the full right of participation in American life, what we make of it will depend upon our sense of cultural values, and our creative use of freedom, not upon our racial identification. I see no reason why the heritage of world culture—which represents a continuum—should be confused with the notion of race. Japan erected a highly efficient modern technology upon a religious culture which viewed the Emperor as a god. The Germany which produced Beethoven and Hegel and Mann turned its science and technology to the monstrous task of genocide; one hopes that when what are known as the “Negro” societies are in full possession of the world’s knowledge and in control of their destinies, they will bring to an end all those savageries which for centuries have been committed in the name of race. From what we are now witnessing in certain parts of the world today, however, there is no guarantee that simply being non-white offers any guarantee of this. The demands of state policy are apt to be more influential than morality. I would like to see a qualified Negro as President of the United States. But I suspect that even if this were today possible, the necessities of the office would shape his actions far more than his racial identity.
Eugene Kennedy|Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life.
Kendall Jenner|If there are malpractices in sports, part of the solution lies in the organisations themselves taking a very strong view and cleaning up the mess from within.
Ken Robinson|It is as impossible to withhold education from the receptive mind, as it is impossible to force it upon the unreasoning.
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|the run-down nature of the high-rise was a model of the world into which the future was carrying them, a landscape beyond technology where everything was either derelict or more ambiguously recombined in unexpected but more meaningful ways
Augustine of Hippo|If you believe what you like in the Gospel, and reject what you don't like, it is not the Gospel you believe, but yourself.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Because, between ‘reality’ on the one hand, and the point where the mind strikes reality, there’s a middle zone, a rainbow edge where beauty comes into being, where two very different surfaces mingle and blur to provide what life does not: and this is the space where all art exists, and all magic.
Margo Jefferson|A new book by 'New York Times' reporter Charlie Savage, 'Power Wars,' suggests that there has been little substantive difference between George W. Bush's administration and Obama's when it comes to national-security policies or the legal justifications used to pursue regime change in the Greater Middle East.
litymuunshi|my deara beautiful word Mast .meaning in my life a 'spar' in change ,a pole of old ship in to a new direction ,a new mast of my new ship .secured long last ,forever .conversation with my life----------------------litymunshi
Kristin Armstrong|Do the things you used to talk about doing but never did. Know when to let go and when to hold on tight. Stop rushing. Don't be intimidated to say it like it is. Stop apologizing all the time. Learn to say no, so your yes has some oomph. Spend time with the friends who lift you up, and cut loose the ones who bring you down. Stop giving your power away. Be more concerned with being interested than being interesting. Be old enough to appreciate your freedom, and young enough to enjoy it. Finally know who you are.
Ann Aguirre, Restoration|You think a man doesn't fall down, son? A real man falls down nine times and gets up ten. You think real men don't get scared? We do, all the time, especially when the people we love can be taken away from us. The key to manhood is being there, every morning when she wakes up, every night before she goes to bed. That's what a man does. It has nothing to do with how good you are with some shiny knives. And if you let her do this thing alone, then by God—
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|I just have one of those faces. People come up to me and say, 'What's wrong?' Nothing. 'Well, it takes more energy to frown than it does to smile.' Yeah, you know it takes more energy to point that out than it does to leave me alone?
Angela Louise McGurk, Absolution|As much as he loathed himself for it, he couldn't stop thinking about Abigail. If he hadn't met her, he might be married to someone else. Some nice woman who didn't throw dishes at him. He'd be asleep right now, lying on his side with her warm body snuggled up against his chest, and their children--yes, he was quite sure there would have been two or three of them--would be sound asleep in the next room dreaming of sugarplums or whatever kids dreamed about. If he hadn't met Abigail, he certainly wouldn't be stuffed like a slab of meat in the back of a car with his own executioners.
Suzanne Supplee, Artichoke's Heart|Together, we looked down at the tiny house, the sole thing on this vast, flat surface. Like the only person living on the moon. It could be either lonely or peaceful, depending on how you looked at it. "It's a start," I said.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|A pair of werewolves occupied another booth. They were eating raw shanks of lamb and arguing about who would win in a fight: Dumbledore from Harry Potter books or Magnus Bane."Dumbledore would totally win," said the first one. "He has the badass Killing Curse."The second lycanthrope made a trenchant point. "But Dumbledore isn't real.""I don't think Magnus Bane is real either," scoffed the first. "Have you ever met him?""This is so weird," said Clary, slinking down in her seat. "Are you listening to them?" "No. It's rude to eavesdrop," said Jace.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Eyes, so easily deceived, might judge more rightly with lids closed, allowing ears and heart to remain wide open."from "The Beauty of Ugh
Debasish Mridha|If life is a magnificent journey, then peace is the way and happiness is the destination.
RICARDO RANDY RAMNATH|What goes around comes around""the word you are looking is (Karma)meaning what bad you have done to someone else. Be careful it will come back in another way at its own time and you wont even realize it.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|Sorcha took the elevator down to the basement of the fashion house. She glanced at her stunningly beautiful reflection in the mirror and smiled to herself. How fortunate she was to be a vampire - no gray hairs, no wrinkles, no broken nails, no weight problems, and no PMT. What bliss! And how fortunate it was that all the legends about vampires were not true. She could not imagine an existence where she could not see and admire her own likeness - such a life to her would be intolerable and tedious. How could any female, even a vampire, survive without being able to see their own reflection? How could they do their hair and makeup? The very idea was totally preposterous.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|A positive attitude turns "I can't & I won't," into "I have & I WILL!
Michael Bassey Johnson|The fact that millions of people share the same vices does not make these vices virtues, the fact that they share so many errors does not make the errors to be truths, and the fact that millions of people share the same form of mental pathology does not make these people sane.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Pray for guidance and follow your intuition. Keep looking for your passion and the contribution that you want to make. By doing what you love and finding how to serve, you add a very special joy to life. ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ❤ #StardustAK ❤
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|The shadow of my sorrow. Let's see, 'tis very true. My griefs lie all within and these external manners of laments are mere shadows to the unseen grief which swells with silence in the tortured soul.There lies the substance.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|Now I feel like James Bond. Suave and intelligent, breaking all the codes while looking fabulous.
Ariel Pink|International aid as a means of development is a major failure, and not just in Haiti.
Robert Sheaffer, The Making of the Messiah|I pity the atheist, for he can never fully appreciate a sinful pleasure.
Alma Guillermoprieto|On my first date, my boyfriend asked me if I wanted to eat a la carte, and I said that I would prefer to stay inside!
Philippe Claudel, Brodeck|I turned to her, my whole body hard with tiredness and regret.
Jack Canfield|You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Let us pick up our books and our pens,” I said. “They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.
Sara Wiseman|The world is big in some ways, and so small in others.
Lisa Roecker, The Lies That Bind|Jen's emotions, strong but invisible within an infallible Miran facade, raged with contempt. He'd met the man responsible for such despicable exploitation of his brother's life onboard the Aquarius. He didn't like him then.He hated him now.
Richard Mitchell, The Gift of Fire|Training is a good dog, a constant companion and an utterly loyal and devoted friend, and everyone should have one. Education is a nagging counselor. And, I am convinced, everyone does have one. It happens, however, that some nagging counselors have grown strong by a certain kind of nourishment. Others are weak and puny, even infantile, having never been nourished at all.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I felt like no one was really looking out for me, that I was marginal and incidental. I compensated by being spongelike, impressionable, and available to whatever and whoever provided the most comfort, the most sense of belonging. I was learning two sets of skills simultaneously: adaptation - linguistic and aesthetic - in order to fit in, but also, how to survive on my own.
Aleister Crowley, The Drug and Other Stories|The free society does not guarantee virtue any more than it guarantees happiness. But it allows for the pursuit of both, a pursuit rendered all the more meaningful and profound because success is not guaranteed: it has to be won through personal striving.
Natasha Trethewey|I think the biggest thing that I have to do is to remind people that poetry is there for us to turn to not only to remind us that we're not alone - for example, if we are grieving the loss of someone - but also to help us celebrate our joys. That's why so many people I know who've gotten married will have a poem read at the wedding.
Nanette Mathews|When we accept the labels placed on us by ourselves and others, we then restrict and limit ourselves based on those labels. Break free from them and reclaim your unlimited potential to be your amazing self.
Michael Sweeney|Even when we were standing in the church and I was getting ready to take my vows, I can remember wishing that you were standing there, instead of him. Because I not only still loved you, but loved you beyond measure.
Faraaz Kazi|But cocks aren’t supposed to lay eggs...” Sahil said, trying to untangle himself. “...they’re supposed to fertilise them.
Arthur Urbane Dilley|He who wars against the arts, wars not against nations, but against all mankind.
Gilles Néret, Gustav Klimt: 1862-1918|Some elements appear in this picture which would be decisive in Klimt's subsequent work: for instance, the use of gold and the transformation of anatomy into ornamentation, of ornamentation into anatomy.
Stephanie Mills|Part of it went on gambling, and part of it went on women. The rest I spent foolishly.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|A gun. I had been brought down by a gun. It was practically comical. Cheaters, I thought.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|If you have attributes that you could use less productively last year than you can this year (meaning you are more productive), then you have made progress. The opposite equates to regression.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|She didn’t believe there was anything like perfect, fairytale love. Most people were flawed and prone to mistakes. She thought herself a romantic but treated love with the same practicality she did most things. They’d had fall-outs and misunderstandings but she’d never been free to be herself like she was with Edward. She couldn’t imagine being with another person after him.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|When this, our rose, is faded,And these, our days, are done,In lands profoundly shadedFrom tempest and from sun:Ah, once more come together,Shall we forgive the past,And safe from worldly weatherPossess our souls at last?
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|...being "rather unique" is no more possible than being rather pregnant.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Sometimes I'm so tired, I look down at what I'm wearing, and if it's comfortable enough to sleep in, I don't even make it into my pajamas. I'm looking down, and I'm like, 'T-shirt and stretchy pants? Yup, that's fine. It's pajama-y, good night.'
Lev S. Vygotsky, Thought and Language|A word devoid of thought is a dead thing, and a thought unembodied in words remains a shadow.
Salman Rushdie|Nobody has the right to not be offended. That right doesn't exist in any declaration I have ever read. If you are offended it is your problem, and frankly lots of things offend lots of people.I can walk into a bookshop and point out a number of books that I find very unattractive in what they say. But it doesn't occur to me to burn the bookshop down. If you don't like a book, read another book. If you start reading a book and you decide you don't like it, nobody is telling you to finish it. To read a 600-page novel and then say that it has deeply offended you: well, you have done a lot of work to be offended.
Jalaluddin Rumi|It's your road, and yours alone.others may walk it with you,but no one can walk it for you.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|You can't blame her,' said Amit. 'After a life so full of tragedy anyone would become hard.''What tragedy?' asked Mrs. Chatterji.'Well, when she was four,' said Amit, 'her mother slapped her--it was quite traumatic--and then things went on in that vein. When she was twelve she came in second in an exam...It hardens you.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|But since the facts which I should then have recalled would have been prompted only by an exercise of the will, by my intellectual memory, and since the pictures which that kind of memory shews us of the past preserve nothing of the past itself, I should never have had any wish to ponder over this residue of Combray.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|They should love you, just as you are. Parents should love their kids, right?" "You'd think so.
Onyi Anyado|Don’t try to be original, just try to be good.
Amos Oz, A Tale of Love and Darkness|When I was little, my ambition was to grow up to be a book. Not a writer. People can be killed like ants. Writers are not hard to kill either. But not books: however systematically you try to destroy them, there is always a chance that a copy will survive and continue to enjoy a shelf-life in some corner on an out-of-the-way library somehwere in Reykjavik, Valladolid or Vancouver.
Balroop Singh|The power of prayer is so profound that it can assuage our emotions. It calms the mind, dilutes all our worries, gives an anchor to fears and endows us with a remarkable peace of mind.
Walt Disney Company, Belle's Discovery|...I have big dreams, too. I used to think that made me different and strange. But when I came here and found all these books, I realized there are places in the world where I belong, even if I haven't found them yet.
Akiroq Brost|When you judge yourself, chances are you also are judging others. True self-acceptance releases you from both.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And then, gradually, the memory of her would fade away, I had forgotten the girl of my dream.
honeya|the bible gives me a deep comforting sense that (things seen are temporal,and things unseen are eternal.
Zygmunt Bauman|Partnerships are increasingly seen through the prism of promises and expectations, and as a kind of product for consumers: satisfaction on the spot, and if not fully satisfied, return the product to the shop or replace it with a new and improved one! You don't, after all, stick to your car, or computer, or iPod, when better ones appear.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|We look down our noses at people who've made mistakes in relationships. She's so stupid! How could she do that! Our superiority makes us feel better. But I’d bet everything I have on the fact that people to claim to have a perfect record in love are either lying or have very limited dating experience. People who say, I’d never do that! Someday, unless you are very, very lucky, you’ll have a story to tell. Or not to tell.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|ROSE DAY POEM:Rose.. if it is..for the one whom you miss..and you want to say a lot..till now that you have not!-Then just go and dare to say..for that moment is today..beyond the earth and sky above..Give it to the one whom you love!!-And sing your heart out..to the universe aloud..-O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..You are more than this rose to me..You be my.. Valentine.Just be mine.. O O.. Valentine!!!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you can't set a better example for progress, don't show disapproval against the worse tradition!
TBBishiXO|You there, you look like a well-rounded lady, oh yes, and I mean well-rounded
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Alterations in the environment place us under personal stress. Changes in our routines and the physical, social, cultural, and economic environment forces us to make decisive decisions, we cannot continue our robotic ways. We must adapt to fresh encounters with the peripheral world. Variation in our external domain brings about shocking revolutions of our internal realm of thoughts and emotions.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Everything you read, becomes a part of your life.
Mario Puzo, The Last Don|Now I wish she'd never broken any of her rules. I understood why she held to them so hard. Once you broke the first one, they all broke, one by one, like firecrackers exploding in your face in a parking lot on the Fourth of July.
Carolyn Keene|When the lights suddenly go out, hold onto your diamonds for dear life. - Nancy Drew, The Mystery of Lilac Inn
Tanya Masse|Your opinion should be based on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears & feel with your own heart.
Sunday Adelaja|To fully communicate with people, you need to find tactics that would interest them
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India|If you're not at the front, you're not in the race.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Danger is hidden everywhere! You can’t always be physically ready for it, but you can always be ready mentally!
Nico J. Genes, Magnetic Reverie|Can someone decide to leave everything and move to a dreamland?Was it possible?if yes, how can one do it without being called crazy or a coward?
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The minute we put aside our self-righteousness and move away from being the aggrieved, then we are on a healing process.
Robbie Lawler|I like the planets because they are real places that you can go to and send machines to. Faraway astronomy - galactic astronomy and extra-galactic astronomy - is really cool stuff, but to me, it's about destinations.
Elie Wiesel|Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time.
|Without the spirit of gratitude, no amount of blessings would activate the feeling of happiness in one's mind.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|And a step backward, after making a wrong turn, is a step in the right direction.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|The amazing aftermath of Birmingham, the sweeping Negro Revolution, revealed to people all over the land that there are no outsiders in all these fifty states of America. When a police dog buried his fangs in the ankle of a small child in Birmingham, he buried his fangs in the ankle of every American. The bell of man's inhumanity to man does not toll for any one man. It tolls for you, for me, for all of us.
Caris Brooke|See--two who dreamed that dream, and you were one.
Colin Wilson, The Glass Cage|Until you are conscious of your conscience, you are morally unconscious.
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi|Manuscripts - at least for Muslims who understand the subject - are to be read as books whose contents are to be known and understood, for that is why they were written, and not to be regarded as enigmatic specimens for critical textual and philological exercises. To them what is in the manuscripts is more important than what is on them, and so they say: Al-'ilmu fi'l-sudur la fi'l-sutur.
Molly Quinn|My dad was an assembly line worker at AC Spark Plug, which was a division of General Motors, and his job was to build and then inspect the little spark plugs as they came off the line.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|The negation of severe suffering was the nearest approach to happiness I expected to know. Besides, I seemed to hold two lives - the life of thought, and that of reality.
Sara Sheridan|Many existing top 20 Scottish writers have flourished in part because of good turns done by institutions, arts community, libraries and bookshops.
Shane Claiborne|We are not a voice for the voiceless. The truth is that there is a lot of noise out there drowning out quiet voices, and many people have stopped listening to the cries of their neighbors. Lots of folks have put their hands over their ears to drown out the suffering. Institutions have distanced themselves from the disturbing cries..It is a beautiful thing when folks in poverty are no longer just a missions project but become genuine friends and family with whom we laugh, cry, dream, and struggle. One of the verses I have grown to love is the one where Jesus is preparing to leave the disciples and says, "I no longer call you servants.... Instead, I have called you friends" (John 15:15). Servanthood is a fine place to begin, but gradually we move toward mutual love, genuine relationships. Someday, perhaps we can even say those words that Ruth said to Naomi after years of partnership: "Where you go I will go, and where you stay I will stay. Your people will be my people and your God my God. Where you die I will die, and there I will be buried" (Ruth 1:16-17).
Carolyn Turgeon, Mermaid|You're dead, son. Cheer is contraindicated.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Her father’s shadow looked sadly down at her. “You can never forget what you do in a war, September my love. No one can. You won’t forget your war either.
Siddharta Mukherjee|Muller was catapulted into the international fame by his discovery. The effect of radiation on the mutation rate in flies had two immediate implications. First, genes had to be made of matter. Radiation, after all, is merely energy. Frederick Griffith had made genes move between organisms. Muller had altered genes using energy. A gene, whatever it was, was capable of motion, transmission, and of energy-induced change properties generally associated with chemical matter.
Marilyn Monroe|All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren't.
Thomas Jefferson, The Declaration of Independence|not to find out new principles, or new arguments, never before thought of . . . but to place before mankind the common sense of the subject, in terms so plain and firm as to command their assent, and to justify ourselves in the independent stand we are compelled to take.
Teri Garr|Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Stephen Crane|I don't know how to say it, but after last night I feel different. I seem to see ahead, in a kind of way. I know we are going to take a very long road, into darkness; but I know I can't turn back. It isn't right to see Elves now, nor dragons, nor mountains, that I want - I don't rightly know what I want: but I have something to do before the end, and it lies ahead, not in the Shire. I must see it through, sir, if you understand me.
Ally Condie, Enthralled: Paranormal Diversions|Now, after so many years, I understand what the Coldness was and where it came from—this sense that everything is lost, and worthless, and meaningless.
Adrian Sandvaer, Bright Moments -  A Journey In The Human Mind|Love Has No Color.... No Race.... Love Is Pure And Divine But Only A Little of Us Are Able To Preserve It's Purity.... Sadly, In This Digital World, Purity Is Rare To Find In Human....
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|I'm a supporter of gay rights. And not a closet supporter either. From the time I was a kid, I have never been able to understand attacks upon the gay community. There are so many qualities that make up a human being... by the time I get through with all the things that I really admire about people, what they do with their private parts is probably so low on the list that it is irrelevant.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|None of us just pop into the world fully formed, so it's the little facts that make us.
Nate Berkus|So, I'm always around video games but I've always been interested in them from a visual perspective, with the graphic design and that whole thing. I don't know if that comes from my love of photography or what but that's always what's held my interest about them.
William H. McRaven|Most people don't want to change. They're comfortable and set in their ways. But in order to change, you have to be able to agitate people at times. And I think that's something that's very necessary for us to improve as a country.
Anthony T. Hincks|We grow old without knowing the reason.We build the walls for no good reason.We start the wars for lack of any reason.And we cry foul, when we all knew the real reason.Is it any wonder then, that we do the things we do.When all we have to do, which is hard for a lot of you,Is reason!
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|God always has a plan. This isn't his fault. This is a test, something designed to help you grow closer to God. And. I know, somehow, God will use it.
Ray Bradbury, A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories|Then he was sorry for the great fish... How many people will he feed?.. But are they worthy to eat him? No, of course, not. There is no one worthy of eating him from the manner of his behavior and his great dignity.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|Sin stared at him as he chewed, cream smeared across his mouth and smudged on the other side of it. It shouldn't have been possible to glare and eat like a child at the same time, but somehow Sin pulled it off.
Doug Lemov, Teach Like a Champion: 49 Techniques that Put Students on the Path to College|One of the problems with teaching is that there's a temptation to evaluate what we do in the classroom based on how clever it aligns with a larger philosophy , or even how gratifying it is to use not necessarily how effective it is...
Toni Mariani|Emotions cannot evolve through intellectual comprehension; there must be direct access to them, access that allows them to go through a transformation from the plane in which they actually exist.
Zayn Malik|I sometimes try to think of my life as an Iranian, and it is hard to imagine. I am grateful for the life I have had in America and all the amazing opportunities and experiences it has given me. But there is a spirit in Iranians I can see that is unbounded by geography.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|Then why do they come?”Buonarroti shrugged his shoulders.“Because things are in such a bad way in their homeland, they’re ready to flee into a black hole in space, to a concentration camp, to the Sargasso Sea of international criminal brigands.”“Between the devil and the deep blue sea,” said the new consul, demonstrating his knowledge of international idioms.
Criss Jami|I'm not a political Christian; for the most part I allow people even their vain, earthly rights. And I certainly don't see anti-Christians as bad or evil (as if they actually have the power to pose any kind of threat against God Almighty), but rather complete idiots I was commanded to love.
Scott Westerfeld, Afterworlds|Looking for a thousand years is worth it, if in the end you find what you need.
Robin Wayne Bailey, Shadowdance|There are no mistakes in life" he answered. "Just lessons. Make sure you learn from this one.
Hermann Hesse|And it never failed that during the dry years the people forgot about the rich years, and during the wet years they lost all memory of the dry years. It was always that way.
Susanne Langer|If a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger?
Edw. C. Young|One day, Lorna, I will dance this waltz with you again.
Helen Fisher|I think the best way to get a good night sleep is to work hard throughout the day. If you work hard and, of course, work out.
William Shakespeare|Great tragedies have great consequences. They ripple through the fabric of this world and the next. When the loss is too great for either world to bear, Everlost absorbs the shock, like a cushion between the two.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|There were two ways of looking at it: imagining that it was far away and big, in the first place; in the second, that it was small and near. But at any rate, a stupid, hard, brown mountain. How she hated nature sometimes.
Tiberius|I absolutely believe in the power of tithing and giving back. My own experience about all the blessings I've had in my life is that the more I give away, the more that comes back. That is the way life works, and that is the way energy works.
Alexandra Lanc, Lyrics of the Heart|My heart is strong, I will not fail, I won't be wronged, I will prevail.
E.F. Benson, The Collected Ghost Stories of E.F. Benson|The subject dropped, and we sat on in the dusk that was rapidly deepening into night. The door into the hall was open at our backs, and a panel of light from the lamps within was cast out to the terrace. Wandering moths, invisible in the darkness, suddenly became manifest as they fluttered into this illumination, and vanished again as they passed out of it. One moment they were there, living things with life and motion of their own, the next they quite disappeared. How inexplicable that would be, I thought, if one did not know from long familiarity, that light of the appropriate sort and strength is needed to make material objects visible.Philip must have been following precisely the same train of thought, for his voice broke in, carrying it a little further.'Look at that moth,' he said, 'and even while you look it has gone like a ghost, even as like a ghost it appeared. Light made it visible. And there are other sorts of light, interior psychical light which similarly makes visible the beings which people the darkness of our blindness.' ("Expiation")
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|My flesh winced, in cowardice, from such a death.
Jennifer Lynch|464Joy is found in the breath of acceptance knowing that all is well in our world, if we surrender with grace.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|It has truly been said that 'Humility is not so much a virtue as a necessity, in order to learn.
Jay Samit|If life, you get what you believe you deserve.
Shūsaku Endō, Deep River|At the core of her senseless actions, she vaguely perceived that she yearned for something. A something that would provide her with a sure sense of fulfillment. But she could not fathom what that something might be.
John Wood, Creating Room to Read|Singapore is now in the top five. Its income per person even tops oil-rich and scarcely populated Kuwait. Having realized that the country had no natural resources, the government of founding father Lee Kuan Yew directed massive investment in human capital. Kids who were eight or ten or thirteen several decades ago are now some of the most productive citizens of today's economy.A tiny nation-state with no natural resources and a large number of people living in a relatively small physical space has managed to outearn a country with some of the largest oil deposits ever found. That is the power of investing in and nurturing young brains.Education alone may not be enough to guarantee economic success. There are other success factors that matter, like good governance, rule of law, and access to trading routes and partners. But if you were challenged to assemble a prosperous society from scratch, education would be the first building block you'd want to develop.
Nicole  Williams, Mister Wrong|Ask yourself this question both for current and possible future commitments: If I say yes to this, what am I saying no to?
Ron White|I don't think arrested-adolescent humor will fade. Maybe the form will change, but I guarantee its replacement will still be based in immature behavior from mature figures.
Venkatesh G. Rao, Be Slightly Evil: A Playbook for Sociopaths|I cannot think why we should be astonished at all the evils which exist in the Church, when those who ought to be models on which all may pattern their virtues are annulling the work wrought in the religious Orders by the spirit of the saints of old.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|And you can't know it, because to know it is to be it, and to be it is to not be you.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|But only a fool claims there is no such thing as love. When you see two young ones taring at each other with dewy eyes, there it is. So thick you can spread it on your brread and eat it. When you see a mother with her child, you see love. When you feel it roil in your belly, you know what it is. Even if you cannot give voice to it in words.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The highest knowledge, knowledge of the Holy Scriptures.
Wordions|Trust Begins In TRUth , even if the Truth is about how you broke my trust.
Erik Pevernagie|If the whole world is in a rush and people are out of step with themselves, they fail to catch that quirky aura and that special quality of life that feeds our soul-searching frame of mind and that builds a coveted haven, giving recognition and self-reliance. ("The unbearable heaviness of being”)
Don Roff|Do not confuse reasons which sound good with good, sound reasons.
Dr. Seuss, Yertle the Turtle and other Stories-Bartholomew and the Oobleck|But that, in shutting out the light of day, she had secluded herself from a thousand natural and healing influences; that her mind, brooding solitary, had grown diseased, as all minds do and must and will that reverse the appointed order of their Maker, I knew equally well. And could I look upon her without compassion, seeing her punishment in the ruin she was, in her profound unfitness for this earth on which she was placed, in the vanity of sorrow which had become a master mania, like the vanity of penitence, the vanity of remorse, the vanity of unworthiness, and other monstrous vanities that have been curses in this world?
Abigail Roux, Crash & Burn|I'm Catholic. I don't pray, I just ask for forgiveness after.
Martyn Stanley|You are asking me questions I cannot answer. All I ask is that you do not fear Avanti’s judgement and that you live your life from this point, as if it were the only life you had. Make the most of each day you live, make every moment count.’~Elden RothDeathsworn Arc 4: Rise of the Archmage
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Yeats was straight, but as Auden wrote in ‘In Memory of WB Yeats’: “You were silly like us.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Till the time Mother Nature takes away what she had bestowed upon us for free - this wonderful gift, of life. Value it, while you have it.
Phoebe Lane, Cursive|And talk about that fabulous chest. Mmm he must work out because that chest does wonders".
Mercy Cortez, Messy and Shattered|All of nature, therefore, is good, since the Creator of all nature is supremely good. But nature is not supremely and immutably good as is the Creator of it. Thus the good in created things can be diminished and augmented. For good to be diminished is evil; still, however much it is diminished, something must remain of its original nature as long as it exists at all. For no matter what kind or however insignificant a thing may be, the good which is its 'nature' cannot be destroyed without the thing itself being destroyed. There is good reason, therefore, to praise an uncorrupted thing, and if it were indeed an incorruptible thing which could not be destroyed, it would doubtless be all the more worthy of praise. When, however, a thing is corrupted, its corruption is an evil because it is, by just so much, a privation of the good. Where there is no privation of the good, there is no evil. Where there is evil, there is a corresponding diminution of the good. As long, then, as a thing is being corrupted, there is good in it of which it is being deprived; and in this process, if something of its being remains that cannot be further corrupted, this will then be an incorruptible entity [natura incorruptibilis], and to this great good it will have come through the process of corruption. But even if the corruption is not arrested, it still does not cease having some good of which it cannot be further deprived. If, however, the corruption comes to be total and entire, there is no good left either, because it is no longer an entity at all. Wherefore corruption cannot consume the good without also consuming the thing itself. Every actual entity [natura] is therefore good; a greater good if it cannot be corrupted, a lesser good if it can be. Yet only the foolish and unknowing can deny that it is still good even when corrupted. Whenever a thing is consumed by corruption, not even the corruption remains, for it is nothing in itself, having no subsistent being in which to exist.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|Your heart is who you are. It’s the one and only thing throughout the whole world, which will never lie to you. From the very first moment you start to be honest with it, and you start to act on your dreams in life, your heart will stop making you unhappy.
Germany Kent|Freedom of Speech doesn't justify online bullying. Words have power, be careful how you use them.
Kris Courtney, Norma Jean's Sun|Murphy's law inverted: What can go right, will go right. (Works if you're an optimist.)
Omar Nelson Bradley|In all tests of character, when two viewpoints are pitted against one another, in the final analysis the thing that will strike you the most, is not who was right or wrong, strong or weak, wise or foolish.... but who would go to the greatest lengths in considering the other's perspective. 
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy|I am conscious of a soul-sense that lifts me above the narrow, cramping circumstances of my life. My physical limitations are forgotten- my world lies upward, the length and the breadth and the sweep of the heavens are mine!
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|Doing nothing can be as rewarding as doing something. And doing very little can be as productive, in a creative sense, as doing a lot.
Rabindranath Tagore|If you call failures experiments, you can put them in your resume and claim them as achievements.
Odell Beckham, Jr.|We all have goals: We want to matter. We want to be important. We want to have freedom and power to pursue our creative work. We want respect from our peers and recognition for our accomplishments. Not out of vanity or selfishness, but of an earnest desire to fulfill our personal potential.
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|Brace yourself, Savannah Daly. I’m taking you home to meet the family.
Janet E. Cameron, Cinnamon Toast and the End of the World|I realised I really was shy. And once I was in it, I couldn't escape. I'd go to talk and find my face was made of cement. Nothing would come out. On winter days, I'd feel myself turning grey at the edges and fading into the walls.Was this defensive strategy? It was paralysing. And it went on for years.
Richard Feynman|So my antagonist said, "Is it impossible that there are flying saucers? Can you prove that it's impossible?" "No", I said, "I can't prove it's impossible. It's just very unlikely". At that he said, "You are very unscientific. If you can't prove it impossible then how can you say that it's unlikely?" But that is the way that is scientific. It is scientific only to say what is more likely and what less likely, and not to be proving all the time the possible and impossible.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|Shocked?” Juliet queried, the light pink tint on her cheeks the only telling sign of her discomfort with the conversation.He nodded. “Yes. I had no idea my little girl knew what fluffies were.”Juliet opened her mouth to respond but was cut off by more misguided innocence from Kate. “They’re the fluffy things Juliet keeps hidden in her dress here and here,” she said proudly, tapping her chest to indicate just where these fluffy objects were located.Patrick blinked. “That’s quite enough, Katie love. Why don’t you go paint some flowers or something. I need to have a word alone with Juliet.
Stephen R. Brown|The Annual Register for 1763 tabulated the casualty list for British sailors in the Seven Years' War with France. Out of 184,899 men raised or rounded up for the war, 133, 708 died from disease, primarily scurvy, while only 1,512 were killed in action.
Walter Dean Myers|The best of my essence is shown to those who value my energy and appreciate my love, some would call it selfish, I call it selective.
Leo Tolstoy|No one can attain to truth by himself. Only by laying stone on stone with the cooperation of all, by the millions of generations from our forefather Adam to our own times, is that temple reared which is to be a worthy dwelling place of the Great God.
MaryJanice Davidson, Undead and Unpopular|Theres something alluring and dangerous about him, but comforting and protective. When I think about him, my stomach knots, my heart rate quickens and...and I could go on... -Laney
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|My Love wakes in a puddle of sunlight.Her hands asleep beside her.Her hair draped on the lawnlike a mantle of cloth.I give her my troth, for our love is wholeI sing her beauty in my soul
Jo De Raman|When the actions of others no longer matter, then you will have succeeded within your own mind.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|Through the whirlwind, I hear my father's harsh whi
Israelmore Ayivor|Leaders are not known by their positions; they are known by their roles in those position. You have many gifts as a leader, but your dominant gift is what you will use to lead.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|You know, you remind me of my younger brother. I miss that kid, so much that I sometimes regret killing him.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|It is no mystery why nice people are well-liked and get along harmoniously with others. Being nice makes people feel emotionally safe, allowing for more authentic, trusting, and happy interactions.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|We pull on to the road, where our only company are the wandering cattle, who have become commonplace as traffic lights. Lethargic and listless, they look like they've been roaming the roads of Guinea since the dawn of time. And no doubt they will continue to long after we're gone.
Cassandra Clare|How I hate you," he said softly. "If hate were stone I could build a tower into the clouds.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Then, sometime during the fourth year, the omens will abandon you, because you've stopped listening to them.
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|If the human brain is really capable of having 60,000 to 80,000 thoughts per day, Brent was living proof, because he never stopped thinking.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|I’ve done things I’m not proud of and I’m trying really hard to make up for those things by being a decent guy. And decent guys don’t act the way I’ve been acting around you, so I’m going to stop.
Ali Harris|Have you ever given yourself to a kiss so completely, that you felt like you surrendered some of yourself and replaced it with a part of them?
Cedric Richmond|I like people and get along, and I'm afraid to express my anger and my rage.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The ruins stretch from the river to the base of that mountain over there, about half a kilometre.’ ‘How far is that in regular measurements?’ Percy asked. Frank rolled his eyes. ‘That is a regular measurement in Canada and the rest of the world. Only you Americans –’ ‘About five or six football fields,’ Hazel interceded, feeding Arion a big chunk of gold. Percy spread his hands. ‘That’s all you needed to say.
Debasish Mridha|Think about peace, dream about peace, and take action to make the world peaceful.
Robert Morgan|My experience with the Junior League, when I worked in Philadelphia for four years in reference to children's things, is that whenever they were asked they responded. They always responded with sincerity, and they did a good job.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|The women in the kitchen took turns making a fuss over the baby, acting like it was their job to keep her entertained until the Magi arrived. But the baby wasn't entertained. Her blue eyes were glazed over. She was staring into the middle distance, tired of everything. All this rush to make sandwiches and take in presents for a girl who was not year a year old.
Manprit Kaur|I do not know who God is; but I have witnessed the Healing Power of Love, the Beauty of Nature, and the Wisdom of my Soul. If God can be understood in those terms, then don't you think, we all have already found the truth? I feel humanity needs to Stop Searching and Start Living the Truth. Manprit Kaur
Tim Willocks|She thought little of her ordeal. Cruelty was part of nature, like a winter frost; something to be survived and then forgotten (p.689)
Frédéric Bastiat|If no divine law is recognized above the law of the State, then the law of man has become absolute in men's eyes--there is then no logical barrier to totalitarianism.
Frank Rich|The Patriot Act removed major legal barriers that prevented the law enforcement, intelligence, and national defense communities from talking and coordinating their work to protect the American people and our national security.
Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight|He [Ranger] peeled my [Stephanie] clothes off and wrangled me into bed. And then suddenly he was inside me. He once told me that time spent with him would ruin me for all other men. When he said it, I thought it was an outrageous threat. I no longer though it outrageous.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|Nonsense. Young boys should never be sent to bed. They always wake up a day older, and then before you know it, they're grown.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I couldn't stop thinking about the body, what a hard fact it was.That philosopher who said we think, therefore we are, should havespent an hour in the maternity ward of Waite Memorial Hospital. He'dhave had to change his whole philosophy. The mind was so thin, barely a spiderweb, with all its finethoughts, aspirations, and beliefs in its own importance. Watch howeasily it unravels, evaporates under the first lick of pain.
Roger Ebert|Alaskans deserve a fighter in the United States Senate who will always stand up for Alaska, who understands our great potential, who has the experience, respect and seniority to accomplish that. I am that senator.
Kelley York, Made of Stars|What are we doing, burying bodies?" Admittedly, this would be a lace to do it. Isolated, off any main roads."Nope. We're going to war.
Josef Joffe|He was not talking with US, but with his IMAGE of us.
Werley Nortreus|Don't put too much trust on your education level, girlfriend, boyfriend, wife, husband, bank account, because they will fail you. Only put your 100% trust on God, you will succeed !
Baris Gencel|Sex is more than an act of pleasure, it is a way of showing your appreciation and love to the loved body through her senses.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|Well, suppose we remain upon earth, after all? Suppose we bravely accept the death of our dreams at the same time as the death of our bodies? This beyond is decidedly uncertain, quite vague and mobile. I do not believe that it exists everywhere; I believe that it is nowhere except in our infantile imaginations. Born with us, it will end at the same moment that we do, to be born anew in our posterity. The beyond is the earthly tomorrow, as we bequeath it to our heirs and as they modify it by their efforts and in accordance with their tastes.
Embee, Tess Embers|No duh, Susan said. You are like a walking vault of things you don't tell people. People who have secrets should pay you to hold on to them for them. You could be like a secret bank.
Robert Morgan|One of the most powerful devices of poetry is the use of distortions. You can go from talking about the way a minute passes to the way a century passes, or a lifetime.
Michel Foucault|It takes so much strength to say to your ego, 'You know what? You're going to keep me lonely, so I have to ignore you.'
Natascha Kampusch|As time moves on the line will blur. It will no longer seem to be the simplicity of good versus evil, but good versus fools who think they are good.
James E. Faust|You see, Africa makes a fool of our idea of justice. It makes a farce of our idea of equality. It mocks our pieties. It doubts our concern. It questions our commitment. Because there is no way we can look at what's happening in Africa, and if we're honest, conclude that it would ever be allowed to happen anywhere else.
Steven Magee|Unfortunately, humans have a long history of trying to fix their engineering mistakes with more engineering mistakes!
Haidji, SG - Suicide Game|Life is paradoxical, but I believe that I could also be the same person I am today, if life would have cut me with happiness instead of pain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Happy soul, grateful heart.
James Patterson|Is that clear?" said Borcht "as clear as pea soup" I said
Bernard Malamud, The Fixer|Everyone's afraid of what they don't understand," Ringil said quietly.
Sherry Turkle|All the same, a seductive voice from afar kept breaking into her conjugal peace: it was the voice of solitude. She closed her eyes and listened to the sound of a hunting horn coming from the depths of distant forests. There were paths in those forests...
Lurlene McDaniel|Who wants to be used? I love to read, so books are my main friends. They're always available, always friendly, and always interesting, and they never make me choose sides.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your later may be late. Never postpone your salvation HOURS to tomorrow. If it's not now, it may be never. The days are not OURS!
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|He became merely the broken statue of a beast, now without another's fear to animate it.
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|Staffers tend to mimic their bosses, to take their key from them.
Dallas Willard|His beauty shall in these black lines be seen, and they shall live, and he in them still green.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|As you may follow, they are an extremely hostile species (i.e. there is no word for ‘welcome’ in the Ruminarii language.) In four short centuries they had managed to lay waste to almost a thousand star systems, enslaving their populations and stripping them of all they wanted.
Washington Irving|The meetings and marches and vigils are cool, but if the enemy isn't present, you're just talking slick to a can of oil.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Everyone had their own responsibilities, duties and feeling, only you don't have yourself, when you are in love.
Cecy Robson, Sealed with a Curse|Bren pulled me close and chuckled in my ear. "Damn, kid. Are you in trouble." That was bad enough. His next comment was worse. "Don't worry, Aric. Celia and I don't have sex as much as we used to.
Martin Filler|From the outset, MoMA followed the Bauhaus's strict prohibition against design that even hinted at the decorative, a prejudice that skewed the pioneering museum's view of Modernism for decades.
Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life|Some false representations contravene the law; some do not. ... The sensibilities of no two men are the same. Some would refuse to sell property without carefully explaining all about its merits and defects, and putting themselves in the purchasers' place and inquiring if he himself would buy under the circumstances. But such men never would be prosperous merchants.
Chris Evans|Growing up, I really liked 'Star Wars.' Han Solo would've been really cool to meet. But my stuff was real low-brow. I was watching 'Bugs Bunny.'
Jackson Broussard|Life, Jersey Girl, sometimes pauses. It stops. Sometimes we don’t even realize how everything around us is moving so quickly while we’re standing in the middle of it, allowing it to pass us by. Most of us, if not all, just lose the why. Some of us never figure it out to begin with. We lose sight of the purpose that wakes us up every morning and pushes our day forward. We lose a sense of hope and the feeling of life in general. We view life as more of a test, one that’s trying to beat us down every day.
Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes|Money, is just paper that will burn with the judgement, but a mindset for the truth, is like a fountain of waters that will carry them through.
William Landay, Defending Jacob|On the stand, I asked the witness, “What's your occupation?”“Make-up artist.”“Objection!” I replied, “Lack of foundation.
Susan Stryker|Even in concept, angels are unsettling. They’re like drones, totally mindlessly following the will of God. The only difference between the Heavenly angels and demons is that the demons opted to follow after a different queen bee. So, you have these eyeball speckled, part animal monsters who exist only to worship and obey God. They don’t have a moral compass, they just act.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
Lisa Kleypas, Dream Lake|The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else
Fabrice Muamba|And suddenly I realised that I was no longer driving the car consciously. I was driving it by a kind of instinct, only I was in a different dimension.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|Then again, that's how the most successful predators work, she thinks ruefully. We stumble into their traps and do their work for them while we're busy getting on with the business of living.
Bethany Hamilton|I have worked really hard on my game, but I think my mother has been a real pillar of strength. She has prayed a lot, sacrificed a lot for me. You know, she hasn't seen me bat so far. When I am batting, she is praying... mothers are like that, aren't they?
Gift Gugu Mona|From the sadness, learn something; from the happiness, learn something. From the setback, learn something and even from the success learn something. Never stop learning from any situation in life, for that is where the wisdom lies.
Thomas Kinkade|Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|It is difficult, when faced with a situation you cannot control, to admit you can do nothing.
Roman Payne|We made love outdoorsWithout a roof, I like most, Without stove, to make love, assuming the weather be fair and balmy, and the earth beneath be clean. Our souls intertwined and gushing of dew.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|What has our culture lost in 1980 that the avant-garde had in 1890? Ebullience, idealism, confidence, the belief that there was plenty of territory to explore, and above all the sense that art, in the most disinterested and noble way, could find the necessary metaphors by which a radically changing culture could be explained to its inhabitants.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Grow up, Bailey.""That is precisely what I'm doing," Bailey says. "I don't care if you don't understand that. Staying here won't make me happy. It will make you happy because you're insipid and boring, and an insipid, boring life is enough for you. It's not enough for me. It will never be enough for me. So I'm leaving. Do me a favor and marry someone who will take decent care of the sheep.
Tom Northup|No great manager or leader ever fell from heaven, its learned not inherited.
K.R. Royal|Be terrified. Nothing in life is certain. It does not owe you anything, and if it decides to take something from you it will. You must accept this truth. Accept the dreadful possibility that your blind optimism is merely a fancied lie.
Jeff Kinney, Cabin Fever|A timely benefit, -though thing of little worth,The gift itself, -in excellence transcends the earth
Anne Frank|I hope you will go out and let stories happen to you, and that you will work them, water them with your blood and tears and you laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven..
Leonardo da Vinci|God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. Yet his shadow still looms. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives; who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves?
Ardianto sony|Every single day you make a choice, to be happy and enjoy the ride.....or to be sad worrying about your life. the choice is yours.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|I've heard it argued that long ago pain begat consciousness...Adversity forced awareness on us, and it works, it bites us when we go too near the fire, when we love too hard. Those felt sensations are the beginning of the invention of the self...God said, Let there be pain. And there was poetry. Eventually.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Since everyone on the earth can’t be a celebrity in their respective field, half of the people are given ‘Realization of life’ attitude (Life is what it is) and many in the rest are bestowed ‘Success is Satisfaction’ (We should be happy in who we are) standpoint. I wonder where these approaches came from as it works on 99% of the so-called ‘Normal People’ here.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world is not a permanent home, it is only a temporary dwelling.
Terry Brooks, The Black Unicorn|Our greatest failing is that we neglect the significance of a question and obsess over the accuracy of the answer. Therefore, we end up being satisfied with remarkably accurate answers to meaningless questions and dissatisfied with imprecise answers that attempt to respond to the important issues.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|In whatever we do, we should be investing in ourselves and not our jobs. Everything I have ever pursued has been for the sole goal of who I was becoming in its achievement. I competed and fought because of the man I became. This is the only worthwhile victory. You cannot take the trophies with you.
Heather Bacon, Creative Responses to Child Sexual Abuse: Challenges and Dilemmas|Don't let out your true behaviour in the public, even if you were born nasty, make others feel you were well bred.
Martin Heidegger, Being and Time|It's idiotic, it's crazy. If you die and then you're just nothing, there isn't any point to anything. Why do we live at all if we die and stop being? Father wasn't ready to be stopped. No one's ready to be stopped. We don't have *time* to be ready to be stopped. It's all crazy. . . . Look at my glasses. I can't even see that there are any stars in the sky without them, but it's not the glasses that are doing the seeing, it's me, Madeleine. I don't think Father's eyes are seeing now, but *he* is. And maybe his brain isn't thinking, but a brain's just something to think through, the way my glasses are something to see through.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|I put a big slab of butter into the pan. The Olekseis didn't give one damn about health, which made them refreshing to cook for, and my motto was pretty much, 'When in doubt, add butter.'Right now, I was definitely in doubt.I added more butter.
Mike Davidson|It's important to be informed about issues like usability, reliability, security, privacy, and some of the inherent limitations of computers.
Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom|A thought is a screen, not a mirror; that is why you live in a thought envelope, untouched by Reality.
Steve Martin|Boy, those French! They have a different word for everything.
Isabella Rogge, Exhaled: A Novella|Some people, no matter how much love you give them, cannot be saved. The first victories do not guarantee the last. That doesn't mean there isn't a point to loving them, or that the first victory doesn't matter. If anything, love them more. Celebrate the victory while it remains a victory. Joy is limited-- but then, so is sorrow.
Brad Boney, The Nothingness of Ben|Ancient Chinese proverb,” he said, heading toward the kitchen.“He who butt-fucks all night wakes up with sore asshole.
Vaslav Nijinsky, The Diary of Vaslav Nijinsky|They are stupid, they are beasts, they are meat, they are death. I am talking simply but without any affectation.
D.C. Grace, The Sacred Oath: Book One of The Guardians Series|A warrior knows death is always a hair's breadth away, but he doesn't dwell on the possibility of his death when he goes into battle. A warrior just fights. He fights to protect his family, his home, his people, himself, and often, the good of man. The wolf never gives a passing thought to the possibility of his death. For the wolf, he will fight to the end if need be, solely to defend his territory. Neither of these things are necessarily a reason to enter into battle when you are already weakened. They just are what they are. They live in a warrior's heart, in a wolf's heart. And both, for me, are in my heart.
Jung Chang, Empress Dowager Cixi: The Concubine Who Launched Modern China|For Cixi, the whole episode taught her that to survive at court she must hold her tongue about state affairs. This was difficult, as she could see that the dynasty was in trouble. The victorious Taiping rebels not only consolidated their bases in southern China, but were sending military expeditions with a view to attacking Beijing. Cixi felt that she had practicable ideas – in fact it was under her rule that the Taiping rebels were later defeated. But she could not say a word, and could only share non-political interests with her husband, such as music and art.
Kenneth L. Pike|Maybe sometimes I'm such a thinker, I reevaluate too much. Sometimes when it comes down to it, I really don't need to do anything, I don't really need to change anything. I need to just keep plugging away, working at it.
Agnes Chew, The Desire for Elsewhere|Moments later, I was climbing nervously into the back of the car. The driver wore the archetypal expression of an antagonist. No words were exchanged beyond the brief lines uttered to this nameless stranger, whose inclinations remained unclear. The car sped along empty roads and traversed dingy alleyways. Music blared from its speakers. I did not remember exhaling throughout the entire journey.
Jackie Sonnenberg, All That Glitters|He sidestepped down the alley and into another one connected to a small garage, where a raccoon with matching black eyes just like his own halted in mid-step next to a trash can.They stared at each other, not moving or making a sound.'There there, friend. I am not here to interrupt your nightly activity just as you are not here to interrupt mine.'They continued their separate ways, who would be caught and who would not remained a mystery.
Daniel J. Levitin, This Is Your Brain on Music: The Science of a Human Obsession|If music serves to convey feelings through the interaction of physical gestures and sound, the musician needs his brain state to match the emotional state he is trying to express. Although the studies haven't been performed yet, I'm willing to bet that when B.B. King is playing the blues and when he is feeling the blues, the neural signatures are very similar. (Of course there will be differences, too, and part of the scientific hurdle will be subtracting out the processes involved in issuing motor commands and listening to music, versus just sitting on a chair, head in hands, and feeling down.) And as listeners, there is every reason to believe that some of our brain states will match those of the musicians we are listening to.
Michael Dell|Anyone with a computer and a design program can create a page layout. But unless you're trained in design, it won't look very good and it won't communicate very well.
Stephen Covey|It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Heroes are like angels, they're all around us… we just don’t always stop to notice ...
Sandra Bullock|You have to be clear what your message is and what you're doing. I mean, Miley Cyrus is an amazing talent, and sometimes you kind of just want to say, 'We know you're not Hannah Montana anymore. We know that, my dear. My darling. Now, go be great.'
Joaquin Lowe, Bullet Catcher|It's late at night when the memory comes for me, like it always seems to when the relief of sleep seems ready to draw me under.
Rob Lowe|My mother used to dress rather risque when I was a kid, and that sort of shocked me. I always thought moms were supposed to wear cardigans and flats, but she was in leather bracelets and minidresses. In hindsight, it was pretty cool, but I'm probably more conservative because of it.
Santosh Kalwar, Adventus|A friend asks, "Tell me one word which is significant in any kinds of relationship." Another friend says, "LISTEN!
Gwen Hayes, So Over You|Honestly, he could be adorable, and at the moment she had the feeling he wasn't even trying.
Jen Hatmaker|When Jesus said to 'love your neighbor as yourself,' I don't think He meant judgmentally; but that is exactly how we treat our own souls, so it bleeds out to others. Folks who thrive in God's grace give grace easily, but the self-critical person becomes others-critical. We 'love' people the way we 'love' ourselves, and if we are not good enough, then no one is.
C.S. Lewis|I seemed to hear God saying, "Put down your gun and we'll talk.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|Assiduity, it means sit down until you do it. Commit yourself to your work and study.
Maxine Hong Kingston, To Be the Poet|Becoming a writer does not mean words will suddenly flow with perfection from your pen. It takes hard work, rejection, and the willingness to lay everything inside you out for the world to see.
James E. Faust|By their very nature, heuristic shortcuts will produce biases, and that is true for both humans and artificial intelligence, but the heuristics of AI are not necessarily the human ones.
Amy  Miller, Beyond Companionship: Connecting with Kindred Souls of Animal Companions.|Once again he was aware of eyes staring fixedly at him. He glanced sideways into the long, pointed face of Goodboy Bindle Featherstone, rearing up in a pose best described as The Last Puppy in the Shop.To his astonishment, he found himself reaching over and scratching it behind its ears, or at least behind the two spiky things at the sides of its head which were presumably its ears. It responded with a strange noise that sounded like a complicated blockage in a brewery. He took his hand away hurriedly.“It's all right,” said Lady Ramkin. “It's his stomachs rumbling. That means he likes you.”To his amazement, Vimes found that he was rather pleased about this. As far as he could recall, nothing in his life before had thought him worth a burp.
Felicity Brandon, The Viking's Conquest|I'm here with you. Even when you can't see me, know that I am here with you."said by Garrett from Sacred Secrets
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|But women living in fear of aging, and pulling painful and expensive tricks to hide it from the world, does not say something amazing about us as humans.
Larry Correia, Spellbound|The Healing spells on his chest were certainly earning their keep tonight. Sullivan got to his feet. The lack of noise from the courtyard indicated that his team had gotten all the mechanical men. “Thanks.”Toru just grunted a noncommittal response as he lifted the feed tray to check the condition of his borrowed machine gun. They didn’t see the final robot inside until it turned on its eye and illuminated the Iron Guard in blue light.Sullivan’s Spike reversed gravity, and the gigantic machine fell upward to hit the steel beams in the ceiling. Sullivan cut his Power and the robot dropped. It crashed hard into the floor where it lay twitching and kicking. The two of them riddled the mechanical man with bullets until the light died and it lay still in a spreading puddle of oil.“Normally, this would be the part where you thank me for returning the favor and saving your life.”“Yes. Normally… If we were court ladies instead of warriors,” Toru answered. “Shall we continue onward or do you wish to stop and discuss your feelings over tea?”Sullivan looked forward to the day that the two of them would be able to finish their fight. “Let’s go.
Andre Maurois|A simple compliment goes a really long way - for a guy to just come over and say, 'You have great hair' or 'I really like your dress,' and then just smile and walk away. That's a great move, because he's sort of putting himself out there by doing that, but it won't lead to any embarrassment if the girl isn't interested.
Ray Anyasi, How to Terrorize Terrorism: a more effective answer to global terrorism|A terrorist attack is like a wasp sting. It may be very painful, but it does not kill the host. It only makes the host more determined to find the nest and destroy it.
J. J. Watt|My friends in Paris are writers, or something like that, whereas my friends in New York are doing cool stuff in finance and living very different lives. In writing, it's pretty solitary, so it doesn't really matter who's around.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|Trust is crazy. You are a risky, risky, God. I didn’t sign up to be Amazing Trust Boy, and I did not sign up for Danger God. You’re flatly not safe…
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There are many ways to manifest, but the most effective and joyous creators all create in the space of love.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|As I walked, I ran my fingers along the spines of hundreds of books. I let myself be imbued with the smell, with the light that filtered through the cracks or from the glass lanterns embedded in the wooden structure, floating among mirrors and shadows.
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|We do not need to explain how the Aryans entered and settled in the Dravidian country (tira¯vit»a na¯» t»u), and subjugated and oppressed the Dravidians. Nor do we need to explain how before the Aryans entered the Dravidian country, the Dravidian country had a civilization and arts of the highest rank.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders.
Joseph Addison|…So when the last and dreadful hourThis crumbling pageant shall devour,The trumpet shall be heard on high,The dead shall live, the living die,And Music shall untune the sky
Elias Zapple, Duke & Michel: The Mysterious Corridor|Allegedly, allegedly I say, the R.G.A. were extremely miffed of portrait painted of their monarch, King Tingaling XX, by Master. Portrait apparently, as it’s yet t’be unveiled, depicts King Tingaling XX in rather compromisin’ position with a pineapple, a wad of cash and his favourite pig, Buttercup.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|God wants the whole person and He will not rest till He gets us in entirety. No part of the man will do" (101) - "The Pursuit of God
Bill Kurtis|It's funny because the action figures are cool, and then I enjoy the magazines because that's me. Obviously, the fans are wonderful - they're so excited - but I'm not Rey, and people tend to not be able to differentiate the two.
Will Walton, Anything Could Happen|Hidden by diaphanous clouds of mist and fog floating gracefully over vales of heather and flowing runnels, she began to dance.
Sharon Sant, The Young Moon|With the warmth of an alien sun on his back, Jacob took a deep breath at the door and knocked.
Ryan Lilly|One of my relatives invented the sensory deprivation tank. Appropriately, most of my family has never seen or heard of him.
Kim Fielding, Flux|Soon enough, Miner stopped caring who was watching - for a brief time, he and Ennek were a universe of two.
Martina Boone, Compulsion|We've lost a lot of years, but you can't lose love. Not real love. It stays locked inside you, ready for whenever you are strong enough to find it again.
Ilyas Kassam|The path towards peace is not for the righteous, the ethical, the active and the compassionate to shit on the malicious, the complacent, the violent and the ignorant. The path towards peace is to be peaceful.
John Green, Paper Towns|Getting you a date to prom is so hard that the hypothetical idea itself is actually used to cut diamonds," I added. Radar tapped a locker twice with his fist to show his approval, and then came back with another. "Ben, getting you a date to prom is so hard that the American government believes the problem cannot be solved with diplomacy, but will instead require force.
Claudia Putnam|I have read that long ago there was a land of glass castles that sank beneath the sea. It was not called Atlantis, but Lyonesse. This happened before history and across the ocean, but when I was little I wondered about that place, how it could be so beautiful and so lost. Sometimes it seemed that the land around my New England home was like that flooded country, with mud where the streets of gold should be and mayflies swarming where there should be lovely fishes, but here and there a shard of crystal to call the heart to beauty. --"Wetlands," in Phoebe.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|And they had no idea that they and many others were automatically pronounced deadly dull solely on that account. Only by the young of course, but then, they would have thought indulgently, young people knew nothing about life. Poor dears, they were always worrying about examinations, or their sex life, or buying some extraordinary clothes, or doing some extraordinary things to their hair to make them more noticeable.
John Ross Bowie|I'm endlessly fascinated by parenting, marriage, my wife and the ins and outs of marriage.
Jacques Yves Cousteau|The greatest error of a man is to think that he is weak by nature, evil by nature. Every man is divine and strong in his real nature. What are weak and evil are his habits, his desires and thoughts, but not himself.
John Swartzwelder, The Time Machine Did It|Jennings saw this and held the gun up with his fingers splayed placatingly as if to show her that he wasn’t planning on using it. Not yet, anyway. “I don’t want to hurt you again, Lily,” he told her. “So just make sure you don’t do anything stupid, and I won’t.” At that moment, he reminded her of John Cusack in Grosse Pointe Blank. He acted like he was making a reasonable request. As if there was justification for shooting someone thirty times.
Embee, Tess Embers|I love you more than life itself.” There was no way she could doubt his words, because he was opening his eyes to her and letting her glimpse his soul.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Whoever has experienced the power and the unrestrained ability to humiliate another human being automatically loses his own sensations. Tyranny is a habit, it has its own organic life, it develops finally into a disease. The habit can kill and coarsen the very best man or woman to the level of a beast. Blood and power intoxicate ... the return of the human dignity, repentance and regeneration becomes almost impossible.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|There's this special talent that humans have that they can be unhappy no matter where they are. But humans have another special talent: We can be happy almost anywhere, too. We can be happy because we're not alone.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|She had watched other women with infants and eventually understood what she craved: the boundless permission-no, the absolute necessity- to hold and kiss and stroke this tiny person. Cradling a swaddled infant in their arms, mothers would distractedly touch their lips to their babies' foreheads. Passing their toddlers in a hall, mothers would tousle their hair even sweep them up in their arms and kiss them hard along their chins and necks until the children squealed with glee. Where else in life, Mabel wondered, could a woman love so openly and with such abandon?
Clark Zlotchew, The Caucasian Menace|The young all have the same dream: to save the world. Some quickly forget this dream, convinced that there are more important things to do, like having a family, earning money, traveling, and learning a foreign language. Others, though, decide that it really is possible to make a difference in society and to shape the world we will hand on to future generations.
John T. Chambers|The window was open for us to play in the consumer as data, voice, video came together. This is where you have to have the courage to take good business risks because if you don't, you never win.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Rationality: From AI to Zombies|Hamilton wanted to lead the electorate and provide expert opinion instead of consulting popular opinion. He took tough, uncompromising stands and gloried in abstruse ideas in a political culture that pined for greater simplicity. Alexander Hamilton triumphed as a doer and thinker, not as a leader of the average voter. He was simply too unashamedly brainy to appeal to the masses. Fisher Ames observed of Hamilton that the common people don't want leaders 'whom they see elevated by nature and education so far above their heads.
Jennifer DeLucy|If nothing else in this long and short life, let me be true to my conscience, to the dignity of my own heart. Let me act in a way that says, I have honored my spirit as truly as I have honored others'. Let me stand tall and rooted as a mountain in the face of a quaking world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Freedom is free from fears, choice of faith.
Frank Sinatra|Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Mary Calmes, Crucible of Fate|When two people got cross with each other and stop talking, the deep silence in the air will continue to speak glowingly!
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|Just stop and think a bit. All such things as bulk, or width, you know by comparison only; comparison with familiar things. So, just for fun, go up in an imaginary balloon, about half way to that old Moon, which has hung aloft from your birth—(and possibly a day or two in addition)— and look down upon your “gigantic” city. How will it look? It is a small patch of various colors; but you know that, within that tiny patch, many thousands of your kind hurry back and forth; railway trains crawl out to far-away districts; and, if you can pick out a grain of dust that stands out dimly in a glow of sunlight, you may know that it is your mansion, your cabin or your hut, according to your financial status. Now, if that hardly shows up, how about you? What kind of a dot would you form in comparison? You must admit that your past thoughts as to your own pomposity will shrink just a bit! All this shows us that could this big World think, it wouldn't know that such a thing as Man was on it. And Man thinks that his part in all this unthinkably vast Cosmos is important! Why, you poor shrimp! if this old World wants to twitch just a bit and knock down a city or two, or split up a group of mountains, Man, with all his brain capacity, can only clash wildly about, dodging falling bricks.
Rodney Dangerfield|I'm not a hypochondriac, but my gynaecologist firmly believes I am.
Carolyn Byers Ruch|Adults need to teach the children they love about sexual abuse so they know what to do if they encounter it. We need to prepare them so they know who to tell, should a violation occur, so they don't have to live with a painful secret, long into adulthood.
Thomas Watson|Spirituality is the ability to say - It is OK, in every circumstance.
S.R. Crawford, Bloodstained Betrayal|Long ago there was a little boy who lived in the wood with his father and his sister. One night, the three of them were out collecting firewood when they heard a low, delicate whimper. The father realised it was an injured animal and ordered the children to fetch water from the lake, whilst he followed the sound. Hours past but the father did not return. The children became fearful for their father’s safety and in their moment of fright, they disobeyed their father in order to find him. 	And find him they did. However, he was no longer the man he once was. Both his eyes were slit through their centre, oozing blood down the paleness of his face. His neck had been torn open. The entirety of his midsection was split but nothing, not one, single organ, seemed to be left within. Each limb still remained, however they had been dragged, with some exceptional force, in the opposite direction to which they were designed. 	The children screamed and ran, though the image of their father’s mangled corpse seemed to chase after them. They slept. Within the whisper of the wind came the sweet tune of a woman’s song. The little girl awoke to the feeling of happiness, security and motherly love that the song carried with it. She needed to find the woman it had come from. Leaving her brother, she took off into the wood to try and find the singer.	The little boy quickly entered into a spit of panic when he found his sister missing. He didn’t know whether he should call out for her, look for her or wait. But waiting could mean the worst, he thought, and so he took off into the woods after her. He had searched everywhere, every dark corner and decrepit tree, before reaching the lake. The moon reflected off its black surface, which drew his attention to something bobbing within the ripples. 	It was a leg. When he caught sight of the foot, the boy fell to his knees. He recognised the shoe. It was his sister’s shoe; his sister’s leg. Soon enough, the other body parts came drifting to join the leg, forming a rough manifestation of what was once his sister’s living body. Firstly, there was a head facing down in the water, then arms seemingly blue under the moonlight, and lastly a torso coated in her favourite dress. He felt sick, lost, terrified to his very core. 	Just as thoughts of never being whole again began to pain his chest, the boy heard the snapping of a twig behind him. He dared to turn around but all he found was a small, black-furred wolf. The wolf approached him timidly, whining deep in its throat to say to the boy that he too was lonely and afraid. The boy put out his hand for the wolf to join him and they sat together. Perhaps he would be OK. Perhaps all that had happened had led to this; something new. He rustled the fur of his new friend, starting with its back then its ear before going under its snout. 	His hand touched something wet and sticky. He drew it from the wolf to get a better look, only to find a crimson substance now clinging to his small hands. Blood. The wolf turned on the boy as its eyes became a pale blue before thwack! He tore the boy’s face from his head…
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Before the battle begins and the outcome has been decided, let the adversary know that you are a fearless competitor, worthy of a second opinion.
Michael Chabon, The Yiddish Policemen's Union|All at once he feels weary of ganefs and prophets, guns and sacrifices and the infinite gangster weight of God. He's tired of hearing about the promised land and the inevitable bloodshed required for its redemption.
Christopher Priest, The Affirmation|There was a duplication of myself involved, perhaps even a triplication.There was I who was writing. There was I whom I could remember. And there was I of whom I wrote, the protagonist of the story.
Jim Woodring|Youth is in a grand flush, like the hot days of ending summer; and pleasant dreams thrall your spirit, like the smoky atmosphere that bathes the landscape of an August day.
Mikhail Gorbachev|Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality.
Emily Gould, Friendship|Amy had always thought she was too vain and selfish to seriously contemplate suicide, also too afraid of pain. She realized now that when she'd thought that, she hadn't understood how painful existence could get. It could get so painful, it turned out, that any other kind of pain began to seem preferable. She felt ridiculous thinking these goth-teenager thoughts, but they were real.
David Whyte|When I was growing up, we were taught in school that North Koreans, and especially the North Korean leadership, were all devils.
A. T.|Never give up hope, no matter how dark things may seem.
Charles Hayes|By the term cult I mean nothing derogatory to any group so classified. A cult, as I define it, is any religious group which differs significantly in one or more respects as to belief or practice from those religious groups which are regarded as the normative expressions of religion in our total culture.
Nancy Glynn, Black 21|See, I didn’t turn into a monster. You’re safe here with me, Daisy. I control that part because I don’t allow it like he does.
Jon Chopan, Pulled from the River|I don't, when I think of a city, think of these people, people with very little who are content with that. That is, I think about poverty and culture and traffic and pollution and crime...
Joe Tichio, Greatest Inspirational Quotes: 365 Days to More Happiness, Success and Motivation|silence is not a langauge, its a weapon to make your dear one to feel
Deyth Banger|All men must die. We are but death's instruments, not death himself.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|I want to mother the world, I thought. I have so much love.Then—I have no business being a mother. I am a selfish woman.Then—I can do this. Millions of women have been mothers.Then—I feel very alone. I do not know what I'm capable of.
Sylvain Neuvel, Waking Gods|You were made for a particular purpose, but you can be anything you want. Anything, including that.
D.A. Carson|Let My worship be in theheart that rejoices, for behold,all acts of love and pleasureare My rituals.
Debasish Mridha|Endless ocean, blue water, dreamy sky, tranquil beach, love in the air, mind fly high.
Ane Krstevska|Lack of purpose, not lack of opportunity, is the problem. We are all blessed with different gifts. Everything depends on what you do with yours
Josephine Angelini, Goddess|She had power over the most magnificent forces on Earth, but she still didn’t feel like she had power over the most important thing of all—her own heart.
Natsuo Kirino, Grotesque|It was going to be a long, dark night but not quite as dark as it was in the abyss of his heart where there was nothing but hollowness, yet it felt heavy, almost as if someone still resided there.
Thomas Carlyle|At a young age, I was interested in comic books, which was really how I learnt to read. The name Cage came from a comic book character called Power Man.
Leslie Weisman, Discrimination by Design: A Feminist Critique of the Man-Made Environment|Feminism, in its fullest meaning, enjoins the human race to establish zones of liberation, and literally to reshape the territorial definition of our patriarchal world, along with the social identities and injustices that those boundaries have defined for all of us.
George Aaron P. Navaja|In life, sadness is inevitable. So, we must at least try to enjoy it.
Israelmore Ayivor|Many were the steps taken in doubt, that saw their shapeless ends in no time. Those who travail in faith today will truimph in joy tomorrow. Let faith lead the way.
Radhanath Swami, The Journey Home: Autobiography of an American Swami|Sex could be a gift of God, but when it becomes an obsession, it plunders all intelligence and people are driven to abominable acts to satisfy their lust. When passion is frustrated, people lose all good sense.
Mary Schmich, Wear Sunscreen: A Primer for Real Life|Be careful whose advice you buy, but be patient with those who supply it. Advice is a form of nostalgia.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Sooo, I'm tired of people thinking I'm a freak. I know you can't relate to that but -""Get over it already, will ya?" Candace stood. "You're not Smellody anymore. You're pretty. You can get hot guys now. Tanned ones with good vision. Not geeky hose jousters." She shut the window. "Don't you ever want to use your lips as something other than veneer protectors?"Melody felt a familiar pinch behind her eyes. Her throat dried. Her eyes burned. And then they came. Like salty little paratroopers, tears descended en masse. She hated Candace thought she had never made out with a boy. But how could she convince a seventeen-year-old with more dates than a fruitcake that Randy the Starbucks cashier (aka Scarbucks, because of his acne scars) was a great kisser? She couldn't.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me.
VicDo|They were just the ordinary sounds of of people beginning their day, silly raucous, discordant, but they were the most beautiful sounds on earth, the sounds of living people.
Derek Hough|You didn't earn your heart; you didn't pay for it. It was given to you as a gift. So take advantage of it, enjoy it, and treat yourself the best way possible. A lot of us are just getting through or managing. Raise your standards. Grow, progress, push yourself, and in turn you will love yourself more. And when you love yourself more, you can love others.
John Sununu|When I went on to write my next book, Working With Emotional Intelligence, I wanted to make a business case that the best performers were those people strong in these skills.
Akemi G, Why We Are Born: Remembering Our Purpose through the Akashic Records|The new expanded spirituality is all inclusive. It is inclusive, because it comes from unconditional love. In the concept of unconditional love there is no exclusion. Everything and everyone is seen as a part of oneself.It is a beautiful spirituality as the one who lives by its principles cannot by definition be a part of any conflict.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|As you wish, of course." Lucius lowered the volume on an old record player, which spun a warped vinyl disk that wailed unfamiliar music, scratchy and whiny, like cats fighting. Or a coffin with rusty hinges opening and closing over and over again in a deserted mausoleum. "Do you like Croatian folk?" heasked, seeing my interest. "It reminds me of home.""I prefer normal music.""Ah, yes, your MTV with all the bumping and grinding. Like a shot of raging adolescent hormones administered via television. I'm not averse.
Matthew Scully, Dominion: The Power of Man, the Suffering of Animals, and the Call to Mercy|When we eat together, when we set out to do so deliberately, life is better, no matter what your circumstances.
Glen Hirshberg|I really learned how to write from Robert Louis Stevenson, Anthony Trollope, and de Maupassant.
Veronica Rossi, Into the Still Blue|What I was trying to say,” he whispered, “is that I see you in everything. There isn’t a word for you that means enough, because you’re everything to me.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|I am, as far as I can tell, about a month behind Lord Byron. In every town we stop at we discover innkeepers, postillions, officials, burghers, potboys, and all kinds and sorts of ladies whose brains still seem somewhat deranged from their brief exposure to his lordship. And though my companions are careful to tell people that I am that dreadful being, an English magician, I am clearly nothing in comparison to an English poet and everywhere I go I enjoy the reputation- quite new to me, I assure you- of the quiet, good Englishman, who makes no noise and is no trouble to any one...
Rob Lowe|I'll never forget one of those things that my father said to me. My father said: 'You know what? We have had so many amazingly positive experiences that we would have never had because you're famous. We can stand to have a couple negatives ones, too.'
Laurie R. King, The Beekeeper's Apprentice|I undid the wrappings with great curiosity, for Holmes did not normally give gifts. I opened the dark velvet jewller's box and found inside a shiny new set of picklocks, a younger version of his own. "Holmes, ever the romantic. Mrs. Hudson would be pleased.
Ty Burrell|When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again.
James A. Baldwin|Life cannot be without relationship, but we have made it so agonizing and hideous by basing it on personal and possessive love. Can one love and yet not possess? You will find the true answer not in escape, ideals, beliefs but through the understanding of the causes of dependence and possessiveness.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Before Marriage opposite attracts, after marriage opposite attacks☺. Just telling you the truth.
A.W. Tozer|Of one thing we may be sure, we can never escape the external stimuli that cause vexation. The world is full of them, and though we were to retreat to a cave and live the remainder of our days alone, we still could not lose them. The rough floor of the cave would chafe us, the weather would irritate us and the very silence would cause us to fret
Katherine J. Cramer, The Politics of Resentment: Rural Consciousness in Wisconsin and the Rise of Scott Walker|In addition, when they talked as if city people lived by different values, they were not emphasizing abortion, or gay marriage, or the things that are typically pointed to as the cultural issues that divide lower-income whites from the Democratic Party. Instead, the values they talked about were intertwined with economic concerns.
Jeffrey Hopkins, Meditation on Emptiness|Since beginners can only remain in contact with the object of observation for short periods, initially one should meditate in brief sessions even eighteen times a day; in due course stability will be achieved of its own accord, at which time the session can be lengthened. It is important not to try at first to meditate for long periods; otherwise, upon sight of the meditation cushion, one will feel nausea and laziness. The session should be left while it is going well, when one still feels that it would go well if continued.
Alan Ryan, Shadows 7|He had gone again and, emboldened by his first successful trip, had chosen a different sort of world to enter, that of THE MONK. He had studied the book with great care and finally selected a passage that was purely descriptive.The result was the same. The instant he closed the top of the showcase, he was transported to the world described in the open pages. He found himself standing - and shivering - in a dank corridor that, he knew, was far underground. Feeble candlelight flickered in the distance, off to his left. Water dripped down the gleaming walls and startled rats scurried past his feet. The air was stale and unpleasant. Down the corridor to his left, he could hear singing but could not make out the words. Then suddenly, from his right, he heard a woman's high-pitched scream, its sound caroming off the wet, stone walls of the passageway. He jumped, his skin crawling at the back of his neck.And found himself back in his warm and familiar room.("I Shall Not Leave England Now")
Kami Garcia|I'll never love you anymore than I do, right this second. And I'll never love you any less than Ido, right this second.
Carol Morgan|He never even thought of tenderness and emotion; his considerations about Durham remained cold. Durham didn't dislike him, he was sure. That was all he wanted. One thing at a time. He didn't so much as have hopes, for hope distracts, and he had a great deal to see to.
Mehmet Murat ildan|This is the weather the cuckoo likes, And so do I; When showers betumble the chestnut spikes, And nestlings fly
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|The figure in the icon is not meant to represent literally what Peter or John or any of the apostles looked like, or what Mary looked like, nor the child, Jesus. But, the orthodox painter feels, Jesus of Nazareth did not walk around Galilee faceless. The icon of Jesus may not look like the man Jesus two thousand years ago, but it represents some *quality* of Jesus, or his mother, or his followers, and so becomes an open window through which we can be given a new glimpse of the love of God. 
Poppet, Ryan|Biting a plump bottom lip, I stare into endless irises open and poised over my own. Sliding my hand up her thigh, under her gown, I pull her closer with the hand cupping her hipbone, releasing the growl of a king caught in delight.
Matthew Donnelly|Let us express our gratitude to those people who make our journeys in life beautiful, easy, and interesting. They are the angels of Eden whom we often forget to appreciate.
Virginia Petrucci|Go to the poets, they will speak to theeMore perfectly of purer creatures--
Tom Glazer|When I need to cry, I think of very sad things, mostly about animals.
Thomas Middleton, The Revenger's Tragedy|Lussurioso: "Welcome, be not far off, we must be better acquainted. Push, be bold with us, thy hand!"Vindice: "With all my heart, i'faith. How dost, sweet musk-cat? When shall we lie together?"Lussurioso: (aside) "Wondrous knave!Gather him into boldness? 'Sfoot, the slave'sAlready as familiar as an ague,And shakes me at his pleasure! -- Friend, I canForget myself in private, but elsewhere,I pray do you remember be."Vindice: "Oh, very well, sir.I conster myself saucy."Lussurioso: "What hast been? What profession?"Vindice: "A bone-setter."Lussurioso: "A bone-setter!"Vindice: "A bawd, my lord, one that sets bones together."Lussurioso: (aside) "Notable bluntness!
Bunny Naidu|The Happiness Happen to Me is, When You are With Me.
Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do|Just calling one's practice "approach and accomplishment" and staying in retreat for years will produce nothing but hardship. Completing hundreds of millions of mantras will not even bring the warmth of the ordinary qualities that mark one's progress on the path! In other words, if the essential points of the path are not taken into account, perseverance will amount to nothing more than chasing a mirage.
Simone Elkeles, Wild Cards|A ball feels different off every player's racket-there are minute but concrete subtleties of force and spin. Now, hitting with her (Steffi Graf), I feel her subtleties. It's like touching her, though we're forty feet apart. Every forehand is foreplay.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|There was only one way to the other side, and that was through the pain.
John F. Crosby, The Selfhood of the Human Person|Everyone knows the experience of encountering other persons only under the aspect of how they intersect with our projects, and of noticing them only insofar as we have to notice them in order to interact with them as we pursue our goals. But from time to time we realize more keenly that the other with whom we are dealing is a person, and then we feel the irreverence and the arrogance of our attitude. We become aware of a certain violence with which we have been treating other persons; we realize that we have to draw back and grant them a space in which to be themselves as persons, and that we have to cease seeing them exclusively in relation to our projects.
Obert Skye, Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo|You have food?" Winter scolded. "I thought you said you were hungry."I'm hungry for other things besides what I have," [Clover] argued.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|It feels like spoken words, this bridge. I want it but fear it. God, I want so desperately to reach the other side - just like I want the words. I want my words to build bridges strong enough to walk on. I want them to tower over the world so I can stand up on them and walk to the other side.
Carol Burnett|Intelligence, knowledge or experience are important and might get you a job, but strong communication skills are what will get you promoted.
Shannon L. Alder|Things we carry from home shows where we hail from ~ courtesy, respect, and gratitude
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|I saw the movie," he said. "I know what it's about. Listen to this. When girls get to be about twelve or so"—he leaned toward us—"their tits bleed.
Anushka Sharma|Umm... I don't judge my relationship with Puff or Bad Boy according to other people or past artists. At the end of the day, you are in charge of your career, and you can't depend on no man to do anything for you. I've learned to judge relationships with a person on myself and that person, not what they have done with previous people.
John  Williams, Stoner|When you have endure the worse situations, you build the courage and confidence to cope with any other situations.
Mira Monroe, Magick|On whose authority, who gives the right to religion, the law, medicine, the others, to choose on my behalf but without consulting me, the way, the place and the time I am allowed to die?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Every good education system must give a very good account of the past and its lessons, nurture the minds of the present learners in an innovative and creative way for the best today’s life through the good and the bad times, and also lay a solid foundation for the unborn generation.
rebecca hitchcock|If the worst thing a physicist could say about a statement is that it was “false,” the best thing he could say is that it was “interesting.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|And so the lion fell in love with the lamb. what a stupid lamb. what a sick, masochistic lion.
Victoria Osteen|Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.
Aziz Ansari|If a man tells you he's an asshole & that you deserve better, believe him...it's a warning. It's best you listen before he proves it to you.
Evgeny Morozov|Business models change. As technology processes, business models change.
Richard Florida, The Rise of the Creative Class: And How It's Transforming Work, Leisure, Community and Everyday Life|There is an old saying, or should be, that it is a wise economist who recognizes the scope of his own generalizations.
Rabindranath Tagore|I thought that my voyage had come to its end at the last limit of my power, that the path before me was closed, that provisions were exhausted, and the time come to take shelter in a silent obscurity, but I find that thy will knows no end in me, and when old words die out on the tongue, new melodies break forth from the heart, and where the old tracks are lost, new country is revealed with its wonders.
Catherine Friend, Compassionate Carnivore: Or, How to Keep Animals Happy, Save Old Macdonald's Farm, Reduce Your Hoofprint, and Still Eat Meat|There are few chemicals that we as a people are exposed to that have as many far reaching physiological affects on living beings as Monosodium Glutamate does. MSG directly causes obesity, diabetes, triggers epilepsy, destroys eye tissues, is genotoxic in many organs and is the probable cause of ADHD and Autism. Considering that MSG’s only reported role in food is that of ‘flavour enhancer’ is that use worth the risk of the myriad of physical ailments associated with it? Does the public really want to be tricked into eating more food and faster by a food additive?
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Crushes are more beautiful than affairs because there is no responsibility, no worry, no commitment. Just look at your crush and smile like an idiot.
Kim Bongiorno, I Just Want to Pee Alone: A Collection of Humorous Essays by Kick Ass Mom Bloggers|All too often, those of us who choose to remain childless are accused of being somehow unwomanly or unnatural or selfish, but history teaches us that there have always been women who went through life without having babies.
Heather Bixler, Breaking Pride|For the Word of God is not received by faith if it flits about in the top of the brain, but when it takes root in the depth of the heart . . . the heart's distrust is greater than the mind's blindness. It is harder for the heart to be furnished with assurance [of God's love] than for the mind to be endowed with thought.
Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism|In the process of burning out these confusions, we discover enlightenment. If the process were otherwise, the awakened state of mind would be a product dependent upon cause and effect and therefore liable to dissolution. Anything which is created must, sooner or later, die. If enlightenment were created in such a way, there would always be a possibility of ego reasserting itself, causing a return to the confused state. Enlightenment is permanent because we have not produced it; we have merely discovered it.
Terry Pratchett, The Shepherd's Crown|Tiffany found her mind filling up with an invisible gray mist, and in that thought there was nothing but grief. She could feel herself trying to push back time, but even the best witchcraft could not do that.
Alan Alda|John F. Kennedy went to bed at 3:30 in the morning on November 9, 1960, uncertain whether he had defeated Richard Nixon for the presidency. He thought he had won, but six states hung in the balance, and after months of exhaustive campaigning, he was too tired to stay awake any longer.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|A mystery is so much more exciting than a wrapped up answer, wouldn’t you say? A mystery carries on but an answer just ends.
Airicka Phoenix, Octavian's Undoing|Kissing Bennet is like stepping into the lake. At first shocking, then slowly I acclimate until I’m sinking into the luxury of it. His hand wraps around my ribs, right below the swell of my breast, and I’m in way over my head, drowning in the sensations that overrun my body. No one has ever kissed me like this. Not even Andrew in all my wildest fantasies. Andrew. Andrew! Oh my gosh, what am I doing?
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|She pulled her lips away again. "Wait!"He stopped and stared at her."I'm relatively positive we're not supposed to be doing this.""Who says?""The laws of nature and God.""Laws are made to be broken and God just wants us to be happy." Fucking this woman would make him so damn happy. "Come on. Let's go break some laws.
Alvin Conway, Sapientia: The 40 Principles of Wisdom|Sufis aim to refine human consciousness. This is Sufi mysticism: not mystification or magic, but a specific Path.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|Here, from her ashes you lay. A broken girl so lost in despondency that you know that even if she does find her way out of this labyrinth in hell, that she will never see, feel, taste, or touch life the same again.
Thomas M. Disch, The Brave Little Toaster|The only truly dependable production technologies are those that are sustainable over the long term. By that very definition, they must avoid erosion, pollution, environmental degradation, and resource waste. Any rational food-production system will emphasize the well-being of the soil-air-water biosphere, the creatures which inhabit it, and the human beings who depend upon it.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Literacy rate tells us about the section of society who can read and write, but do we have a tool which can share the stats about out how many educated illiterates we have in our society.
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|Now here's a good one:you're lying on your deathbed.You have one hour to live.Who is it, exactly, you have neededall these years to forgive?
Marya Hornbacher, Wasted: A Memoir of Anorexia and Bulimia|I look back on my life the way one watches a badly scripted action flick, sitting at the edge of the seat, bursting out, "No, no, don't open that door! The bad guy is in there and he'll grab you and put his hand over your mouth and tie you up and then you'll miss the train and everything will fall apart!" Except there is no bad guy in this tale. The person who jumped through the door and grabbed me and tied me up was, unfortunately, me. My double image, the evil skinny chick who hisses, Don't eat. I'm not going to let you eat. I'll let you go as soon as you're thin, I swear I will. Everything will be okay when you're thin.
Genereux Philip|If you can’t build with them, don’t chill with them
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|I can’t dream anymore, we are better separated than together; both struggling unstoppable for our dreams.
Rabindranath Tagore|In response to those who say to stop dreaming and face reality, I say keep dreaming and make reality.
Robert C. Tucker, The Marx-Engels Reader|Smoke, rain, abulia. What can the concerned citizen do to fight the rise of capitalism, in his own community? Study of the tides of conflict and power in a system in which there is structural inequality is an important task. A knowledge of European intellectual history since 1789 provides a useful background. Information theory offers interesting new possibilities. Passion is helpful, especially those types of passion which are non licit. Doubt is a necessary precondition to meaningful action. Fear is the great mover, in the end.
Katy Evans, Manwhore +1|Weak men don't like string men, they remind them of what they failed to be.
Himmilicious|People pay attention to the things they want to listen, anything that doesn't please them is rubbish.
Ben Shapiro|The Left had to go searching for a new civil-rights struggle with which to cram conservatives back into their “victimizer” cubbyhole. The Left now pushes against civil rights in its ignorant search for the new struggle. There was, however, one problem: All the good civil-rights issues have been dealt with already. And so the Left, which focuses all of its efforts on social issues, was relegated to pushing crime-increasing myths about the evils of cops; the celebrities were forced to pretend that men peeing next to women was the next great Martin Luther King, Jr.–style struggle.
Sara  Humphreys, The Good, the Bad, and the Vampire|Dakota pulled a lollipop out of his pocket before quickly unwrapping it and popping it into his mouth. "What kind of vampire sucks on human candy?
Zephyr McIntyre|We are seeds as well as parasites to the earth. We can either give or take, depending on our perception of growth.
David Harvey, A Brief History of Neoliberalism|Capitalism was a marvel, as long as you were a capitalist.
Gwen Sharp|Hey, look at me! Look at me! Look at me! And...look at me. Will he think I'm sexy enough? Will he find me wholesome enough? Am I fuckable? Is he allergic to feathers?!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|Language is a city, to the building of which every human being brought a stone.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you have a deep desire to move forward, a way is being prepared for you.
Gilbert White|Nature hasn't gone anywhere. It is all around us, all the planets, galaxies and so on. We are nothing in comparison.
Joseph Campbell|There is another version of the tale. That is the tale the women tell each other, in their private language that the men-children are not taught, and that the old men are too wise to learn. And in that version of the tale perhaps things happened differently. But then, that is a women's tale, and it is never told to men.
Timothy J. Keller|Jesus Christ says, 'Kill me and in 3 days, not only this temple, but all temples in the whole world will be out of business.' This is the most stunning thing any human being has ever said.
Ariel Sharon|I was brought up in great tenderness, and though my mind was proud to independence, I was never led to much independence of feeling.
Indrajit Garai, The Seeker of Well-Being|Emergencies send sparks to the darkest corner of us. They wake up our hormones and neurotransmitters, they remove the rust from our body and mind, and they show us we can still handle crisis with poise. Emergencies push us to our limits. At those limits, the best inside us comes out. The eyes of our mind open, exceptional vision occurs to us, and we have a chance to become extraordinary.
Helen B. Andelin|Happiness comes from righteous living and the development of a noble character. You can observe this by noticing that people who are truly happy are honest, unselfish, kind, responsible and have a high moral standards. On the other hand, unhappy people are invariably selfish, lazy, irresponsible and lacking of self discipline. And people who are miserable tend to be immoral, dishonest, greedy, cruel, or in other ways dark in character. 
Laurell K. Hamilton|I stroked Eric's hair, tucking some behind his ear. His eyes on mine were intent, and I knew he was waiting for me to speak. "I wish," I said, "I could save orgasms in a jar for when i need them, because I think I had a few extra." Eric's eyes widened, and all of a sudden he roared with laughter. (Dead to the World)
Stephanie Grant, The Passion of Alice|If a woman tells a man the god favor him, everybody says she's far-minded.' The broom halted mid-sweep and the slave turned to Hild. 'But let a woman do what the gods tell her, without asking a man's permission first? Then she's possessed.' Unwen punctuated her words with her broom, jabbing it into the corner.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The best gift, you can give me is a book.
B.A. Gabrielle|A book has neither object nor subject; it is made of variously formed matters, and very different dates and speeds.
David Niven|In individuals as in nations, contentment is silent, which tends to unbalance the historical record.
Mary Ellen Chase|Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind. 
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|I must acknowledge that though his adoption embodies graciousness, it is also a reminder this world is not as it should be. Brokenness permeates our world. Sure, beauty is born from ashes, but the ashes don't just magically disappear. Suffering and all that is wrong in this world still exists. This side of heaven, tragedy remains and the moments of her son becoming ours is a representation of joy and suffering deeply intertwined. Our son, the living proof and blessing that love is what makes a family, reminds us that adoption is born out of undeniable loss. Irrevocable loss of wholeness, of what was meant to be.To only acknowledge the beauty without giving voice to the tragedy, is to detract from adoption. In diminishing the tragedy of adoption, I decrease my son's story, along with others a part of the adoption circle. I would be choosing to ignore a massive portion of who he is.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes volume 2|I can't ignore his one-sided almost smile or his methylene blue eyes. I can't ignore his pretty shoulders or his arms. I can't ignore his big hands, his shoulder-blade-spanning hands, the way the tendons in them lock to every knuckle and speculate on things like capability and dexterity and, of course, the scar over those knuckles on his left hand that I've noticed before, and its reminder that he has a life and has been hurt in it.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|I call that creativity," Orville said. "The purpose of literature is to teach you how to THINK, not how to be practical. Learning to discover the connective tissue between seemingly unrelated events is the only way we are equipped to understand patterns in the real world.
Michael Dell|It was really cool going to Sea World. We had an amazing time. They were amazing to us. We got to swim with the dolphins, and it was really special.
Brene Brown|Don't be afraid to be awesome. Sometimes being weird and different is good. When you think you're working hard, there is always someone else working harder, so always be yourself and know your stuff.
Amit Kalantri, 5 Feet 5 Inch Run Machine – Sachin Tendulkar|Century was an occasional thing in cricket, Sachin made it frequent.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|I would think of certain winter nights when he wedged himself between Nona and me in bed, a furtive warmth embedded in his skin already tinctured with virginal earth and milk and possibility, or how that peculiar scent common to all small children before the age of five--sunshine sweetened hair, a nascent woodsiness in him exuding youthful exuberance--gripped us, suspended us eighties in the sense that our hope, our very survival, depended on the fulfillment of this child's dreams. How I took those years I spent for granted, believing them unalterable? pg. 9
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Now, what am I to do with this creature when I get it home?" when it grunted again, so violently, that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there could be no mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than a pig, and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it any further. | So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see it trot away quietly into the wood. "If it had grown up," she said to herself, "it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes a rather handsome pig, I think." And she began thinking over other children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying to herself, "if one only knew the right way to change them--" when she was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a tree a few yards off.
Dhenn Espiritu, Believing is just the Beginning: Discover the Life God Wants You To Have|You will face yourself again in a moment of terror and will learn once again that old lesson you keep forgetting: that you can escape from anywhere, but you cannot flee your own self.
Rick Yancey|And what we’ve been always been is…?”“Is living on borrowed time. Never caring about who’s paying for it, who’s starving somewhere else all jammed together so we can have cheap food, a house, a yard in the burbs … planetwide, more every day, the payback keeps gathering. And meantime the only help we get from the media is boo hoo the innocent dead. Boo fuckin hoo. You know what? All the dead are innocent. There’s no uninnocent dead.”After a while, “You’re not going to explain that, or…”“Course not, it’s a koan.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Now relax, think positively and begin --- the smile of success awaits you.
Steph Campbell, Grounding Quinn|You always hear people talk about how there are moments in your life when you just know that things will never be the same. I always thought that was all horseshit. But here, now, with the feeling of her soft, incredible lips moving with mine, I know that it happens.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Cerulean Sins|Why is everything always my decision?" I asked.Because you will not tolerate anything else."Oh, I remembered now. "Great", I whispered.- Anita to Jean-Claude
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Small steps may appear unimpressive, but don't be deceived. They are the means by which perspectives are subtly altered, mountains are gradually scaled, and lives are drastically changed.
Dennis Lehane|She sees tall, sensible Eleanor sitting out on a terrace at twilight, with bats circling above her head. She sees the Pargiter family rising and falling through the decades like swimmers battling the waves.’Summer Lies Bleeding
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Alterations in real prices occur slowly as a rule. But this stability of prices has its cause in the stability of the price-determinants, not in the Law of Price-determination itself. Prices change slowly because the subjective valuations of human beings change slowly. Human needs, and human opinions as to the suitability of goods for satisfying those needs, are no more liable to frequent and sudden changes than are the stocks of goods available for consumption, or the manner of their social distribution;
Doris Lessing, The Summer Before the Dark|I’m not going to be like my mother. You’re maniacs. You’re mad."“Yes,” said Kate. “I know it. And so you won’t be. The best of luck to you. And what are you going to be instead?
Elif Batuman, The Possessed: Adventures With Russian Books and the People Who Read Them|If I could start over today, I would choose literature again. If the answers exist in the world or in the universe, I still think that's where we're going to find them.
Ginni Rometty|Introduced in the 1960s, multitasking is an engineering strategy for making computers more efficient. Human beings are the slowest elements in a system.
Naveen Jain|By understanding and harnessing the forces that drive human behavior, you can create a self-sustaining philanthropic effort that reaches millions of people. It begins with an entrepreneurial attitude: take an idea and execute on that idea. If it doesn't work, learn why and build on what you've learned.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment...
Jean Ferris, Once Upon a Marigold|You'd help if you could, wouldn't you, boy?" I said. "It's no wonder they call you man's best friend. Faithful and loyal and true, you share in our sorrows and rejoice with us in our triumphs, the truest friend we ever have known, a better friend than we deserve. You have thrown in your lot with us, through thick and thin, on battlefield and hearthrug, refusing to leave your master even when death and destruction lie all around. Ah, noble dog, you are the furry mirror in which we see our better selves reflected, man as he could be, unstained by war or ambition, unspoilt by-
Ann Brashares|He wanted to take his love back from her so badly. The old techniques didn’t work anymore. In fact, they’d never worked. How do you stop loving someone? It was one of the world’s more brutal mysteries. The more you tried, the less it worked.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Others have seen and experienced the good, the bad, and the ugly, and their experiences serve as models you can learn from.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Where are you going?" he asked."To break someone's heart," I replied.
Franca Storm, Comfort Zone|Hope is a very strange thing, Constance Thyme, and something I haven’t had much of, as late. Yet all the signs lead me to believe there may be some left in the world for me, after all.
Michel Foucault|With humanity, life has ended up with a living creature that never quite finds itself in the right place, a living creature destined to wander and endlessly make mistakes.
Alex Haley|Don’t destroy yourself over somebody else’s foolishness. I know they betrayed you. I know they lied on you. I know they talked behind your back and told all of your business. I know they hurt you to the core. I know they turned their back on you. I know they cheated on you. I know they mislead you. I know, I KNOW. In spite of it all, you have to know that you are worth more than what they dished out to you. You will survive! You will make it through! Remember who YOU are and know YOUR self-worth!
John L. Fear, Exclusive Pedigree: My life in and out of the Brethren|You don't need everyone to like you, just the right one(s)!
Lady Gaga|I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Falling in love with someone is intentional, even if it was their looks that tripped you.
Dennis Prager|As a religion, bilingualism is the god that failed. It has led to no fairness, produced no unity, and cost Canadian taxpayers untold millions.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Think of the communication that takes place in your own life on a continuous basis—at home, at work, with friends, and beyond. When you actively listen to people, you enhance communication.
Xenophon|Few are there that will leave the secure seclusion of the scholar's life, the peaceful walks of literature and learning, to stand out a target for the criticism of unkind and hostile minds.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Once I saw Graham - wholly unconscious of her proximity - push her with his restless foot. She receded an inch or two. A minute after one little hand stole out from beneath her face, to which it had been pressed, and softly caressed the heedless foot.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The agents of etatism have certainly not been lacking in zeal and energy. But, for all this, economic affairs cannot be kept going by magistrates and policemen.
Tom Wolfe|I look out the window and I see the lights and the skyline and the people on the street rushing around looking for action, love, and the world's greatest chocolate chip cookie, and my heart does a little dance.
Maggie Stiefvater|After you were bitten, I knew what would happen. I waited for you to change, every night, so I could bring you back and keep you from getting hurt." A chilly gust of wind lifter his hair and sent a shower of golden leaves glimmering down around him. He spred out his arms, letting them fall into his hands. He looked like a dark angel in an eternal autumn wood. "Did you know you get one happy day for everyone you catch?"I didn't know what he meant, even after he opened his fist to show me the quivering leaves crumpled in his palm.One happy day for every falling leaf you catch." Sam's voice was low.I watched the egdes of the leaves slowly unfold, fluttering in the breeze."How long did you wait?"It would have been romantic if hr'd had the courage to look into my face to say it, but instead, he dropped his eyes to the ground and scuffed his boots in the leaves- countless possibilities for happy days- on the ground. "I haven't stopped."And I should've said something romantic too, but i didn't have the courage, either. So instead, I watched the shy way he was chewing his lip and studying the leaves, and said, "That must've been very borring.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Jem gave her a wistful look. “Must you go? I was rather hoping that you’d stay and be a ministering angel, but if you must go, you must.”	“I’ll stay,” Will said a bit crossly, and threw himself down in the armchair Tessa had just vacated. “I can minister angelically.”	“None too convincingly. And you’re not as pretty to look at as Tessa is,” Jem said, closing his eyes as he leaned back against the pillow.	“How rude. Many who have gazed upon me have compared it to gazing at the radiance of the sun.”	Jem still had his eyes closed. “If they mean that it gives you a headache, they aren’t wrong.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|The Buggers have finally, finally learned that we humans value each and every individual human life... But they've learned this lesson just in time for it to be hopelessly wrong—for we humans do, when the cause is sufficient, spend our own lives. We throw ourselves onto the grenade to save our buddies in the foxhole. We rise out of the trenches and charge the entrenched enemy and die like maggots under a blowtorch. We strap bombs on our bodies and blow ourselves up in the midst of our enemies. We are, when the cause is sufficient, insane.
Sunday Adelaja|God’s desire is to reveal Himself to everyone, yet He will manifest Himself only to those who love Him.
Elon Musk|I believe in the healing power of the arts, and whenever anyone can bring art into anyone's life, it's a special thing.
Howard Zinn, Declarations of Independence: Cross-Examining American Ideology|The argument that there are just wars often rests on the social system of the nation engaging in war. It is supposed that if a ‘liberal’ state is at war with a ‘totalitarian’ state, then the war is justified. The beneficent nature of a government was assumed to give rightness to the wars it wages.	...Woodrow Wilson and Franklin Roosevelt were liberals, which gave credence to their words exalting the two world wars, just as the liberalism of Truman made going into Korea more acceptable and the idealism of Kennedy’s New Frontier and Johnson’s Great Society gave an early glow of righteousness to the war in Vietnam.	What the experience of Athens suggests is that a nation may be relatively liberal at home and yet totally ruthless abroad. Indeed, it may more easily enlist its population in cruelty to others by pointing to the advantages at home. An entire nation is made into mercenaries, being paid with a bit of democracy at home for participating in the destruction of life abroad.
Hillary Clinton|When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
Kelsey Macke, Damsel Distressed|They’ve been lying from the start. From the first time we read the words ‘once upon a time,’ we’re fed the idea that these girls—these gorgeous, demure, singing-with-the-wildlife girls—get a happy ending. And I get it. Poor thing had to do some chores around the house, fine. But the idea that she needs a magic old lady to come down and skim off the dirt so the prince will see her beauty? That’s ridiculous. Maybe she should have been working on her lockpicking skills instead of serenading squirrels. She could have busted out, hitched a ride to the castle, and impressed the prince with her safe-cracking prowess. Sorry, magic-fairy lady. She didn’t need your help.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We unthinkingly build the pilings of our lives upon whatever comes along. Like it or not, we play the hand that fate deals us. If fate is kind, some people credit their fortuitous circumstances to their ingenuity and resoluteness. If fate is cruel, some people curse God. The truth is that an unenlightened person resists suffering, they continually wish for a world different than it is, whereas an enlightened person learns how to suffer heroically.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget and heap past wrongs upon innocent generations.
Julian Assange, Julian Assange - The Unauthorised Autobiography|At least a circus performance does not last long, and the regime availing itself of the services of clownish journalists has the longevity of a mouldering mushroom.
Victor Hugo|I would want my legacy to be that I was a great son, father and friend.
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|Music could ache and hurt, that beautiful music was a place a suffering man could hide.
D.T. Max, Every Love Story Is a Ghost Story: A Life of David Foster Wallace|Among many other things, genius implies the ability to reduce the complicated to the simple, and to recognize inclusive structural principals.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|He was, she realised, quite graceful. The very idea surprised her. Male grace was a quality she'd never thought of beyond the ballroom; either a man could dance a quadrille with skill and without stepping on her feet or he could not. But here was another kind of grace altogether--and untrained grace, an instinctive animal grace.
Fannie Flagg|But he could not call the doctors at the leprosarium. They would return him to Louisiana. They would treat him and train him and counsel him. They would put him back into life as if his illness were all that mattered, as if wisdom were only skin deep, as if grief and remorse and horror were nothing but illusions, tricks done with mirrors, irrelevant to chrome and porcelain and clean, white, stiff hospital sheets and fluorescent lights.
Malebo Sephodi|In order to validate our Africanness, we hold on to tradition at all cost, banning critical engagement in an attempt to preserve its sacredness
Debasish Mridha|When someone comes to you, let them feel like they are in your universe where they belong.
Henry Ford|Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
Adam Ferrara|I'm good in summer. My birthday is in summer. I don't like it when it's too hot, but, you know, blue skies, I think people genuinely loosen up a bit, and it's nicer.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|CIOs, more than any other executive, have an end-to-end view of how the business works and the tools to turn that view into insights. CIOs can see endless opportunities for improvement and change.
Kathryn Purdie, Burning Glass|Sometimes I wonder what magic encircles all of us, what we could do if we were sensitive enough to unearth it.
Helen Thomas|When I was a kid, my step dad started this business and would go out and get lost cows and stuff. He was part-time truck driver, farmer and cowboy. He taught me how to ride from an early age.
Doug Westberg, The Depressed Guy's Book of Wisdom|There's major depression, and then there's clinical depression. Major depression is what makes you jump off a bridge. I have clinical depression. I jump out of first story windows. It's the psychological equivalent of lying on a bed of rubber nails.
Meryl Streep|I have a theory that movies operate on the level of dreams, where you dream yourself.
Raymond Chandler|In writing a novel, when in doubt, have two guys come through the door with guns.
William Valentiner|That Detroit ultimately concentrated on automobiles could be traced to one genius, Henry Ford.... But that the necessary human energy for this development existed in Detroit could be proven through its early history.... I told him what I knew of the settlement in Detroit and of the climate, certainly almost the worst in the United States. Only the very strong could survive.... To defeat the conditions imposed by earth and sky at Detroit required intensive labor by energetic men who were not tempted by pleasure and play.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|I've spent all the years since full of guilt and misery, even though I didn't remember it. I've let it run my thoughts, my plans, my whole life. But the experience doesn't own me. I own it. What I do with it is up to me, just like what Molly does with her death magic is up to her.
Charles Pinot Duclos|The very qualities that had led to Johnson's political and legislative success were precisely those that now operated to destroy him: his inward insistence that the world adapt itself to his goals; his faith in the nation's limitless capacity; his tendency to evaluate all human activity in terms of its political significance; his insistence on translating every disruptive situation into one where bargaining was possible; his reliance on personal touch; his ability to speak to each of his constituent groups on its own terms. All these gifts, instead of sustaining him, now conspired to destroy him.
Patience Johnson|The forgiveness of God flows through me and because I am forgiven, I can forgive.
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|I want to make love, but my hair smells of war and running and running.
Tom Brokaw|The attorney general called and asked me if I was willing to be interviewed for FBI director. And the truth is I told him I didn't think so, that I thought it was too much for my family. But that I would sleep on it and call him back in the morning. And so I went to bed that night convinced I was going to call him back and say no.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|It seems the more we know, the less we believe.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|He looked up at them, a scruffy Napoleon with his laces trailing, exiled to a rose-trellised Elba.
Nancy Alcorn, Mercy Moves Mountains: Heart-Gripping Stories of God's Extraordinary Mercy and Grace to Troubled Young Girls|One of the ironies of college is that the impossibility of reading your way out of the modern predicament is something you learn about, as a student, by reading. Part of the value of a humanistic education has to do with a consciousness of, and a familiarity with, the limits that you’ll spend the rest of your life talking about and pushing against.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|Above all, trust in the slow work of God.
Jennifer Aniston|I don't care if you get up in the morning and don't wash, don't put any make-up on, don't do your hair, even, but you have to have clothes if you want to look different.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Journals of Kierkegaard|God creates out of nothing. Wonderful you say. Yes, to be sure, but he does what is still more wonderful: he makes saints out of sinners.
Lindsey Vonn|I was given such a great gift. It's a miracle that never stops amazing me and reminding me to give thanks, every day. Having a wife and daughter gives me a lot more purpose. I was much more selfish before, but now I think about what kind of role model I'll be. I just want to be a better man.
Kris Kidd, I Can't Feel My Face|I am made of a thousand ghosts, only you can shoot me down.
Primo Levi, Survival in Auschwitz|Momentarily drained of lust, he stares at the remembered contortions to which it has driven him. His life seems a sequence of grotesque poses assumed to no purpose, a magic dance empty of belief.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Don’t let the agony, regret, or fog of yesterday blind you to the fact that each new day carries with it a plethora of opportunities to move your life into the right direction.
William Hill|We enjoy the night, the darkness, where we can do things that aren't acceptable in the light. Night is when we slake our thirst.
Michael Chabon, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh|If small groups are included in the decision-making process, then they should be allowed to make decisions. If an organization sets up teams and then uses them for purely advisory purposes, it loses the true advantage that a team has: namely, collective wisdom.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Elizabeth was counting on Marco to keep cousin Mary occupied until after the board meeting was over. A piece of cheese might catch a mouse, but an afternoon alone with a muscular masseur would ensnare her cousin far more effectively. And afterwards, while Mary lay sated and sleeping upon a massage table, wiser heads could determine the company's future. There were times, Elizabeth thought, when success in business demanded utter ruthlessness.
Kilroy J. Oldster|We write, edit, and rewrite the story of our own life employing descriptive words, metaphors, and symbols. Our lives are full of symbols including those supplied by nature and religion, which touch upon the mystical and spiritual aspects of life. Symbols inspire enduring hope by formulating idealist expectations.
Tracy Morgan|There's a lot of anger in the Twitter-verse, as I've discovered. But there's a lot of love.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|By its very nature, history is always a one-sided account.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|A success catalyst has the ability to spark significant and sustainable changes, inspire possibilities and accelerate results.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Hunting hawks did not belong in cages, no matter how much a man coveted their grace, no matter how golden the bars. They were far more beautiful soaring free. Heartbreakingly beautiful.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Maybe I was naïve to think that silence was implicit complacence, instead of a festering question. Maybe I was silly to believe that friends owed each other anything.
John Wesley|When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.
Emily Perkins, Novel About My Wife|Jesus Christ, it's like living with Stevie bloody Nicks,' I said, 'only without the cocaine, which would be more fun.
|If wealth is a blessing from God, then salvation was designed for the wealthy. Money can never please your soul.
John Cage|Poetry is the opening and closing of a door, leaving those who look through to guess about what is seen during the moment.
Jason Mandryk, Operation World: When We Pray God Works: 21st Century Edition|The simple choice to pray usually happens to the exclusion of something else in our lives. Often that something else is frivolous, but at times prayer must come at the expense of important things, such as our own work, our sleep or our time with loved ones.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|The criminalization of a non-custodial in not uncommon; such extreme measures of the divorce and post-divorce process can be described as common practice. Stephen Baskerville describes this consequence of no-fault in the article, “Divorced from Reality.
Paul Rand|When people rely on surface appearances and false racial stereotypes, rather than in-depth knowledge of others at the level of the heart, mind and spirit, their ability to assess and understand people accurately is compromised.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Songwriting and poetry are so commonly birthed from underdogs because one can make even the ugliest situations admirable, or more beautiful than the beautiful situations - they are the most graceful media in which the lines of society are distorted.
Colin Feltham, Keeping Ourselves in the Dark|We evolved haphazardly within a random universe; no purpose underpins us, no God watches over us, and no assured glorious future awaits us. We are saddled with a dualistic consciousness that weighs us down and plays tricks on us. We have built and seem unable to dismantle a dehumanizing and destructive civilization and mindset that perpetuates deceit and greed. We can make ourselves as comfortable as possible, as doctors tell their terminally ill patients, but we are sadly incurable.
R. Alan Woods|The world needed a little Evil, so Good had something to compare itself to, but you couldn't let it think it had the right-of-way on the road and an invitation to dinner.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Two Worlds and in Between: The Best of Caitlin R. Kiernan, Volume One|And it means snapshots, because that's what all stories I write come down to; each is a snapshot of who I was during however many days and weeks it was written. A fictional reflection of my mind fossilized, set in paper and ink, instead of stone. Memorialized, for better or worse. This is who I was, and this, and this, and this, and that, and most times I look back and wince. I'm rarely kind to who I was. But other times, looking back is bittersweet. Sometimes, I'm even grateful to the me of then who left a snapshot for the me of now. Maybe I should let go and join those who pretend the past is past, but it's a falsehood I've never learned to spin.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|What, then, is the soul but a prisoner of your flesh? An undying yet constrained energy, bound and enslaved within a shuffling, steadily rotting suit of tissue and savage needs?
Johannes de Silentio, Fear and Trembling: Dialectical Lyric|Should one of them after having caught the greatness of Abraham's deed, but also the appallingness of it, venture out on the road, I would saddle my horse and ride along with him. At every stop before we came to the mountain in Moriah I would explain to him that he could still turn back, could rue the misunderstanding that he was called to be tried in a conflict of this nature, could confess that he lacked the courage, so that if God wanted Isaac God must take him himself.
Shirley Bassey|I've got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If you've got an old car, you've gotta have at least several old cars, 'cause one's always gonna be in the garage.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Hope is not logical. It always comes as a surprise, just when you think all hope is lost. Hope is the cousin to grief, and both take time: you can’t short-circuit grief, or emptiness, and you can’t patch it up with your bicycle tire tube kit. You have to take the next right action.
Lisa Randall|I understand that there's a certain energy in youth, no question, in terms of pursuing jobs. But there is wisdom in age. It's too bad that the two can't come together because I do think that people are dropped from what they're really good at too soon.
Cameron Jace, Cinderella Dressed in Ashes|Our emotions are the continuous waves and undercurrents that enable us to flow but in some instances, when hold on to them, suppress them or repress them, or express the destructively, they disrupt the flow
Landon Donovan|It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Love didn't make you weak, it made you stronger.
Jay-Z, Decoded|A poet's mission is to make words do more work than they normally do, to make them work on more than one level.
Latika Teotia|To recognize that the Psalms call us to pray and sing at the intersections of the times--of our time and God's time, of the then, and the now, and the not yet--is to understand how those emotions are to be held within the rhythm of a life lived in God's presence.
Trey Gowdy|In the U.S., you even lose legal rights if you store your data in a company's machines instead of your own. The police need to present you with a search warrant to get your data from you; but if they are stored in a company's server, the police can get it without showing you anything. They may not even have to give the company a search warrant.
Lindsey Kelk, Always the Bridesmaid|Getting married means you've won, and I hate thinking like that, I do, but let's be honest, that's just how it is. Until you're married, you're a loser, NO MATTER HOW GREAT YOU ARE AT EVERYTHING ELSE. In our super progressive, equal right, modern society, it's the one thing no one wants to say but everyone is thinking, however messed-up it is.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|I could feel the hard part of Mom very strongly that time. It was like a stone in her that grew bigger every time my father lost his temper, right under her heart. Feeling the stone in her calmed me down. It told me that she would always be there for me.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|You may not control what others do or say, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. Keep adding value to people around you and make your impact unstoppable.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Then I learnt of “white Christmas”, which again I found very peculiar since we always have a white Christmas at home for it never passes by without eating rice. That is our white Christmas.
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 4|His mouth descended on hers in a fierce kiss.He seized, he captured.He dominated.And she loved every second of it.
Phillipa Fioretti, The Book of Love|I was spinning—from the kiss, the alcohol or the lack of air, I wasn’t sure, but I knew I needed to pull away if only just to breath.
Hannibal Buress|Taylor Swift dates guys so she can write a breakup song about them. I don't think she's dating for love - I think she's dating for creativity. So let's get her off the market and put her in dating detox. If she really wants love, she has to stop writing music about them.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|He has led us in here against our fears, but he will lead us out again, at whatever cost to himself.
Terry Eagleton, After Theory|Violence is temporary, but learning is permanent.
Amy Jarecki, The Time Traveler's Christmas|He had years of experience and training. She'd unraveled them in a week, and he was left at loose ends. This distraction, this madness of desire and yearning- it was everything a man in his position needed to avoid. On second thought, perhaps his senses hadn't been muddled. After all, they had been meticulously attuned to detect the slightest hint of peril.This woman- this beautiful, unbiddable, all-too-perceptive woman- was his personal embodiment of danger. She could ruin him. Destroy everything he'd worked to become.And she would do it all with a smile.
Jeffrey Sachs|Prior to SunRun, I was headed toward a career in venture capital and then realized I wanted to apply my knowledge of finance more directly to helping change the world.
Bruce Lipton|Was I always going to be here? No I was not. I was going to be homeless at one time, a taxi driver, truck driver, or any kind of job that would get me a crust of bread. You never know what's going to happen.
|The only thing worse than a known enemy is an unfriendly friend. You place your trust on him or her as a friend, not knowing that you are placing your trust on a secret enemy.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|May love always be with you, and you always surrounded by love
Jade Chang, The Wangs vs. the World|Are those chocolate chip?'' Cole reaches her first and claims one.''Oh, my godness.'' Nana sets the tray aside and coos the guy. ''Cole, dear, you have a boulder-size knot on your jaw.''''River did it.'' Cole smirks at the guy. ''And he insulted my mom. And my dad.''''River Marks.'' Nana shakes her head, as if her heart is acually breaking. ''How could you be so rough? And so insensitive!''River glares at Cole before bowing his head. ''I'm sorry, Nana.''''The human body is like a flower. Treat it well, and it will bloom.'' She approaches the ring and extends two cookies. River and I accept with eager thanks. ''Let's be kind to each other and keep our punches away from the face and groin.'' ''Yes, ma'am,'' we say in unison. Then of course, we devour the offering as if we've never tasted sugar.''Good, good.'' She brushes the crumbs from her fingers. ''I'll leave you kids to your practice.'' She kisses Ali, then Cole, and leaves.''Are you a rose?'' River sneers at Cole. ''Or a lilly?''''Orchid. And your jealousy is showing.'' Cole responds.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji|You that in far-off countries of the sky can dwell secure, look back upon me here; for I am weary of this frail world's decay.
Missy Lyons, Cowboys Don't Sing|We both loved her. And you couldn't control who you loved, even if you wanted to.
John Maynard Keynes, Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren|When the accumulation of wealth is no longer of high social importance, there will be great changes in the code of morals. We shall be able to rid ourselves of many of the pseudo-moral principles which have hag-ridden us for two hundred years, by which we have exalted some of the most distasteful of human qualities into the position of the highest virtues. We shall be able to afford to dare to assess the money-motive at its true value. The love of money as a possession — as distinguished from the love of money as a means to the enjoyments and realities of life — will be recognized for what it is, a somewhat disgusting morbidity, one of those semi-criminal, semi-pathological propensities which one hands over with a shudder to the specialists in mental disease.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|He took the last seat, as usual, a subtle reminder of what he was and what he had become.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu is a baptism by combat, and serves a purpose in the inner life of the individual that has always existed, but our modern culture fails to acknowledge.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|Out of the huts of history's shameI riseUp from a past that's rooted in painI riseI'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.Leaving behind nights of terror and fearI riseInto a daybreak that's wondrously clearI riseBringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,I am the dream and the hope of the slave.I riseI riseI rise.
Brit Morin|We are the greatest computers in this world, but now we've created the smart phone which is smarter than us now, but we're still making dumb decisions. We have given our creations more power than we have, and that to me is dumb.
Ahdaf Soueif, The Map of Love|She was never neutral, but she could be tolerant, although it was hard work - never a tolerance of indifference.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|One of the strongest motivations for rereading is purely selfish: it helps you remember what you used to be like. Open an old paperback, spangled with marginalia in a handwriting you outgrew long ago, and memories will jump out with as much vigor as if you’d opened your old diary. These book-memories, says Hazlitt, are “pegs and loops on which we can hang up, or from which we can take down, at pleasure, the wardrobe of a moral imagination, the relics of our best affections, the tokens and records of our happiest hours.” Or our unhappiest. Rereading forces you to spend time, at claustrophobically close range, with your earnest, anxious, pretentious, embarrassing former self, a person you thought you had left behind but who turns out to have been living inside you all along.
Gautama Buddha|When the stories of our life no longer bind us, we discover within them something greater. We discover that within the very limitations of form, of our maleness and femaleness, of our parenthood and our childhood, of gravity on the earth and the changing of the seasons, is the freedom and harmony we have sought for so long. Our individual life is an expression of the whole mystery, and in it we can rest in the center of the movement, the center of all worlds.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|I wish the night would end,I wish the day'd begin,I wish it would rain or snow,or the wind would blow,or the grass would grow,I wish I had yesterday,I wish there were games to play...
Jesus Christ|If you have a group of people come together around a vision for real discipleship, people who are committed to grow, committed to change, committed to learn, then a spiritual assessment tool can work.
