Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Death is not a trip, but a destination.
Debasish Mridha|We never learn to value what is simple; what is difficult is worthy to us. But, the beauty of life is in the simplicity.
Nicole Leigh West, The Gypsy Trail|When we focus on winning the battle for material gains,we end up losing spiritual war.If we had a better self of ethics we would be better prepared to deal with the complicated world in which we find ourselves.
J.M. Stewart, A Second Chance at Forever|How old are you?”“Old enough to know better, but still young enough to do it again.
Douglas Rushkoff|Even when I work with computers, with high technology, I always try to put in the touch of the hand.
Bill Gates|When you have cancer, it's like you enter a new time zone: the Cancer Zone. Everything in the Tropic of Cancer revolves around your health or your sickness. I didn't want my whole life to revolve around cancer. Life came first; cancer came second.
Lee Iacocca|Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then...do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
Ridley Scott|If we don't have a vigorous questioning, aggressive journalistic community and mythology, democracy itself is in great jeopardy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With self-assured spirit, the soul is indomitable.
Thomas Sowell|The idea that the government has services or goods that they can pass on is a complete farce. Governments have nothing. They can’t create anything, they never have. All they can do is steal from one group and give it to another at the destruction of the principles of freedom, and we ought to challenge that concept.
Michael Benzehabe|Zoe did what civilized people do when they freak out: she drank tea. She had walked from her little bungalow to Coffee & Tea. It was always filled with the well-educated, the complicated, the people who read books with captivating titles. A perfect place to ignore and be ignored. She found the anonymity delicious.
Lik Hock Yap Ivan|What is an anarchist? One who, choosing, accepts the responsibility of choice
Lama Surya Das, Buddha Is as Buddha Does: The Ten Original Practices for Enlightened Living|If you must speak ill of another, do not speak it, write it in the sand near the water's edge.
Maira Kalman|I was a product of a divorced family and I used humor as a weapon to combat sadness. I used comedy to make my mother laugh in light of the darkness that she faced, and to me it became a very powerful tool at a very young age, at six. I saw how therapeutic it could be.
Jellis Vaes|The world is alive, and just as we humans draw energy from connection with other human beings, so we do too from this world.
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|Have you ever played chess, Kitty?”I eyed her. What did a board game have to do with this? “Not really.”“You and I should play sometime. I think you would like it,” she said. “It’s a game of strategy, mostly. The strong pieces are in the back row, while the weak pieces—the pawns—are all in the front, ready to take the brunt of the attack. Because of their limited movement and vulnerability, most people underestimate them and only use them to protect the more powerful pieces. But when I play, I protect my pawns.”“Why?” I said, not entirely sure where this conversation was going. “If they’re weak, then what’s the point?”“They may be weak when the game begins, but their potential is remarkable. Most of the time, they’ll be taken by the other side and held captive until the end of the game. But if you’re careful—if you keep your eyes open and pay attention to what your opponent is doing, if you protect your pawns and they reach the other side of the board, do you know what happens then?”I shook my head, and she smiled.“Your pawn becomes a queen.” She touched my cheek, her fingers cold as ice. “Because they kept moving forward and triumphed against impossible odds, they become the most powerful piece in the game. Never forget that, all right? Never forget the potential one solitary pawn has to change the entire game.
Thomas à Kempis|A book has but one voice, but it does not instruct everyone alike.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|People stagger, but they pick up a tattered thread and wind it back onto a spool.
David Levithan, Every Day|Any time I let it, the weight of living creeps in and starts to drag her down. It would be too easy to say that I feel invisible. Instead, I feel painfully visible, and entirely ignored. People talk to her, but it feels like they are outside a house, talking through the walls. There are friends, but they are people to spend time with, not people to share time with. There's a false beast that takes the form of instinct and harps on the pointlessness of everything that happens.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Acheron|Well, sir, do you mean to remain there, commending my father’s taste in wine, or do you mean to accompany me to Ashtead?”“Set off for Ashtead at this hour, when I have been traveling for two days?” said Sir Horace. “Now, do, my boy, have a little common sense! Why should I?”“I imagine that your parental feeling, sir, must provide you with the answer! If it does not, so be it! I am leaving immediately!”“What do you mean to do when you reach Lacy Manor?” asked Sir Horace, regarding him in some amusement.“Wring Sophy’s neck!” said Mr. Rivenhall savagely.“Well, you don’t need my help for that, my dear boy!” said Sir Horace, settling himself more comfortably in his chair.
Sunday Adelaja|To be relevant, you need to be purposeful
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving & The Peaceful Wristband: How to Keep The Atraction Alive and His Love Growing For You|TO BE TREATED WITH KINDNESS AND COMPASSION, ALWAYS TREAT OTHERS IN THE SAME WAY, INCLUDING YOUR PARTNER.
Greg Gutfeld, Not Cool: The Hipster Elite and Their War on You|Everyday she loses a bit more of herself , every day another nail in her coffin house payments medical bills and middle aged isolation
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Up goes the rocket. Its golden grain falls, fertilising, upon the rich soil of my imagination.
Debasish Mridha|When you give without expectations, your soul dances and sparkles with deep inner joy.
Nabeel Qureshi|Did he know that God loved him from the foundations of the earth? With a power far exceeding the immensity of the cosmos, He turned all His attention to creating that man and declared, "You are My child. I love you.
Gail Godwin, Publishing: A Writer’s Memoir|Squashed behind The Cloud of Unknowing we discovered a pocket-size spiral notebook with a day-by-day account of the time Justin had stayed with her and her husband after Tommy’s death. The writing was legible though it required effort (this was before she took her calligraphy course), but Justin was ecstatic and asked if he could have the little notebook. “This is my history,” he said. Later, after he had deciphered every last word: “Boy, was I loved.
Stephen King|Books are the perfect entertainment: no commercials, no batteries, hours of enjoyment for each dollar spent. What I wonder is why everybody doesn't carry a book around for those inevitable dead spots in life.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|As human beings, we are the only organisms that create for the sheer stupid pleasure of doing so. Whether it's laying out a garden, composing a new tune on the piano, writing a bit of poetry, manipulating a digital photo, redecorating a room, or inventing a new chili recipe - we are happiest when we are creating.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|What his uncle does not understand is that in walking backwards, his back to the world, his back to God, he is not grieving. He is objecting. Because when everything cherished by you in life has been taken away, what else is there to do but object?
Ellie Goulding|Now I'm dreaming, will I ever find you now?I walk in circles but I'll never figure outWhat I mean to you, do I belongI try to fight this but I know I'm not that strongAnd I feel so helpless hereWatch my eyes are filled with fearTell me do you feel the sameHold me in your arms againI need your loveI need your timeWhen everything's wrongYou make it rightI feel so highI come aliveI need to be free with you tonightI need your love
Masatoshi Koshiba|My work is mostly about longing, human relationships, science and children - and a little bit about ghosts and reincarnation.
Rob Lowe, Stories I Only Tell My Friends|Everyone knows that the teenage years are a time ofprofound emotion. The moody, exuberant, passionate,lethargic teen is a figure that has a special place in the hall of fame of clichés—and for good reason. It’s all true. When we ourselves are teenagers, we are living life as it comes. There is no point in reflection. We are so inexperienced, there is very little to reflect on. If we fail a big test, we just move on. We win an award and we smile and say thank you. We fall in love and it’s a thrill. We get our hearts broken and we suffer.And we feel all of these highs and lows in our absolute core; it feels as if it’s never happened to anyone else because it’s never happened to us before. Only later can we look back in the comfort that perspective brings.
Melina Marchetta, Froi of the Exiles|I don't despise you for what you allowed to happen to me. I despise you because when I was released, you refused to be found and I needed you more than anything in my life. Not to mend my broken bones, Arjuro. I needed my brother to mend my broken spirit.
David Lodge, Author, Author|London, December 1915. In the master bedroom (never was the estate agent's epithet more appropriate) of Flat 21, Carlyle Mansions, Cheyne Walk, Chelsea, the distinguished author is dying - slowly, but surely. In Flanders, less than two hundred miles away, other men are dying more quickly, more painfully, more pitifully - young men, mostly, with their lives still before them, blank pages that will never be filled. The author is seventy-two. He has had an interesting and varied life, written many books, travelled widely, enjoyed the arts, moved in society (one winter he dined out 107 times), and owns a charming old house in Rye as well as the lease of this spacious London flat with its fine view of the Thames. He has had deeply rewarding friendships with both men and women. If he has never experienced sexual intercourse, that was by his own choice, unlike the many young men in Flanders who died virgins either for lack of opportunity or because they hoped to marry and were keeping themselves chaste on principle.
Jane Smiley, Moo|Darling, I wish I could help you. Try to remember this: to live, you need every experience. Some will come in glory and in beauty, and some in pain and what seems like ugliness. But - they are. Life consists of opposites in balance.
Ellen Key|Marriage was defined by God a long time ago. Marriage is almost as old as dirt, and it was defined in the garden between Adam and Eve - one man, one woman for life till death do you part. So I would never attempt to try to redefine marriage. And I don't think anyone else should either.
M.F. Moonzajer|You see there's no real ending, it's only the beginning, come out and play.
A.J. Beirens|The bullshit detector is the biggest enemyof every religion."From: "Gesels van een imaginaire god"('Scourges of an imaginary god')
Max Stirner|Egotorial: An editorial in broadcasting or print media where the subject matter is secondary to the superficial, pretentious, or materialist ego of the author.
Mitch Albom|And is often the case with faith, I thought I was being asked a favor, when in fact I was being given one".
G.I. Gurdjieff|You are in prison. If you wish to get out of prison, the first thing you must do is realize that you are in prison. If you think you are free, you can't escape.
Dee Brown, Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee: An Indian History of the American West|Another Chief remembered that since the Great Father promised them that they would never be moved they had been moved five times. "I think you had better put the Indians on wheels," he said sardonically, "and you can run them about whenever you wish.
William Pennington|But aesthetics is not religion, and the origins of religion lie somewhere completely different. They lie anyway, these roses smell too sweet and the deep roar of the breaking waves is too splendid, to do justice to such weighty matters now.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Tally smiled. At least she was causing trouble to the end. "I'm Tally Youngblood," she said. "make me pretty.
Dada Bhagwan|One is God himself, [but] for how long does that authority of God last? As long as he speaks the truth, practices non-violence, does not steal, practices celibacy and remains non-acquisitive – till then power of God will remain.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|We’ve searched all of the homes and carried the food to Ralph’s,” Sam continued. “The problem is that all the fruit and veggies spoiled while we were all filling up on chips and cookies. The meat all rotted. People were stupid and careless, and there’s nothing we can do about that now.” Sam swallowed the bitterness he felt, the anger he felt at his own foolishness. “But we have food sitting out in the fields. Maybe not the food we’d like, but enough to carry us for months—many months—if we bring it in before it rots and the birds eat it.”“Maybe we’ll get rescued, and we won’t have to worry,” another voice said.“Maybe we’ll learn to live on air,” Astrid muttered under her breath but loudly enough to be heard by at least a few.“Why don’t you go get our food back from Drake and the chuds up there?”It was Zil. He accepted a congratulatory slap on the back from a creepy kid named Antoine, part of Zil’s little posse.“Because it would mean getting some kids killed,” Sam said bluntly. “We’d be lucky to rescue any of the food, and we’d end up digging more graves in the plaza. And it wouldn’t solve our problem, anyway.
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|Slowly, then all at once.Slowly, as I take my time to know the things that would endear me to you. Slowly, as I attempt to cultivate a bond I hope would never easily sever. Slowly, as I get to know all your demons, and try to decide if I’m okay living with them everyday. Slowly, I also unleash my demons on you, hoping they won’t make me look ugly, wouldn’t make you think less of me.Slowly, as I let myself get used to the idea that you can be a possible permanent fixture in my life. Slowly, as I tell the difference between what I think I see, and what’s really there. Slowly, as I find myself looking to you for reassurance that hey, I’m alright. Slowly, as I find my thoughts drifting toward you when I see or hear or find things that remind me of you. Slowly, as I catch myself dedicating to you all of the pieces that I’ve been writing.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Let us spend one day as deliberately as Nature, and not be thrown off the track by every nutshell and mosquito's wing that falls on the rails. Let us rise early and fast, or break fast, gently and without perturbation; let company come and let company go, let the bells ring and the children cry, -- determined to make a day of it. Why should we knock under and go with the stream? Let us not be upset and overwhelmed in that terrible rapid and whirlpool called a dinner, situated in the meridian shallows. Weather this danger and you are safe, for the rest of the way is down hill. With unrelaxed nerves, with morning vigor, sail by it, looking another way, tied to the mast like Ulysses. If the engine whistles, let it whistle till it is hoarse for its pains. If the bell rings, why should we run? We will consider what kind of music they are like. Let us settle ourselves, and work and wedge our feet downward through the mud and slush of opinion, and prejudice, and tradition, and delusion, and appearance, that alluvion which covers the globe, through Paris and London, through New York and Boston and Concord, through church and state, through poetry and philosophy and religion, till we come to a hard bottom and rocks in place, which we can call reality, and say, This is, and no mistake; and then begin, having a point d'appui, below freshet and frost and fire, a place where you might found a wall or a state, or set a lamp-post safely, or perhaps a gauge, not a Nilometer, but a Realometer, that future ages might know how deep a freshet of shams and appearances had gathered from time to time. If you stand right fronting and face to face to a fact, you will see the sun glimmer on both its surfaces, as if it were a cimeter, and feel its sweet edge dividing you through the heart and marrow, and so you will happily conclude your mortal career. Be it life or death, we crave only reality. If we are really dying, let us hear the rattle in our throats and feel cold in the extremities; if we are alive, let us go about our business.Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains. I would drink deeper; fish in the sky, whose bottom is pebbly with stars. I cannot count one. I know not the first letter of the alphabet. I have always been regretting that I was not as wise as the day I was born. The intellect is a cleaver; it discerns and rifts its way into the secret of things. I do not wish to be any more busy with my hands than is necessary. My head is hands and feet. I feel all my best faculties concentrated in it. My instinct tells me that my head is an organ for burrowing, as some creatures use their snout and fore-paws, and with it I would mine and burrow my way through these hills. I think that the richest vein is somewhere hereabouts; so by the divining rod and thin rising vapors I judge; and here I will begin to mine.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|And in the background of Early's story was her voice. Her soul. Her sadness and longing. Because when it's raining, it's always Billie Holiday. p. 81
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|Adam, on the other end of the boat, looked extremely unimpressed with Ronan’s lack of heat tolerance. “I didn’t say anything.” “Whatever, man,” Ronan replied. “I know that face. You were born in hell, you’re used to it.
Muhammad Iqbal|Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
C. JoyBell C.|It is very interesting how humanity has linked love to the lack of freedom. I think that when you find love, it is because you have become so free that you were able to truly find it. Love is a wild and running thing. Only the free can find what is wild and running. You become so free, that you are able to truly love. A life of bondage is a life lived without love.
Colleen Houck|Long dormant feelings poured through my dried-up limbs and wound through me, slowly filling the emptiness. Like an irrigated field, I felt myself blossom and grow with new vigor. He was the sun, and the tenderness he showed me was life-giving water. 
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|Comparisons deplete the actuality of the things compared... ("Conveyance: The Story I would Not Want Bill Wilson To Read")
Tad Williams, River of Blue Fire|She had to find her own story, and she could make it whatever shape she thought best.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|...the most obvious, ubiquitous, important realities are often the ones that are hardest to see and talk about.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Not thou, White rose, but thy Ensanguined sister is The dear companion of my heart's Shed blood.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Letters|If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can warm me, I know that is poetry. If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. These are the only ways I know it. Is there any other way?
Penelope Keith|Eventually, it is found out but it takes time especially in the conditions when communication is difficult, when the enemy is making it extremely awkward for information to come out, to go.
Janice Trachtman, Catching What Life Throws at You: Inspiring True Stories of Healing|Everything is within your power,and your power is within you.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Nostalgia is a lane of calm comfort, charming even a complacent heart!
Stephen A. Diamond, Anger, Madness, and the Daimonic|when traumatic events are of human design, those who bear witness are caught in the conflict between victim and perpetrator. All the perpetrator asks is that the bystander do nothing. He appeals to the universal desire to see, hear, and speak no evil. The victim, on the contrary, asks the bystander to share the burden of pain. The victim demands action, engagement and remembering.
Alanis Morissette|My childhood should have taught me lessons for my own fatherhood, but it didn't because parenting can only be learned by people who have no children.
Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|It was not in her nature to stop short at half-measures, not to pause when once she had fixed her purpose. If she ever trembled on looking forward to the utter ruin she was about to encounter, her second emotion was to despise herself for such pusillanimity, and to be roused to renewed energy.
Seth Godin|I would vote against raising the national debt ceiling. Again, this is about mortgaging the future of unborn generations of Americans. It's a form of taxation without representation. I don't think we can do that.
Mahima Martel, The Insurrectionist|It’s not easy to find old-school journalism in true crime … yet with Lethal Intent, author Sue Russell proves how integrity, tenacity, brutal truth and honest reporting become essential components to what is a riveting—if not terrifying—narrative of America’s most hated ‘monster,’ Aileen Carol Wuornos. It’s not easy humanizing serial killers, but through an objective lens, clear and defined, Russell paints a graphic portrait of Wuornos’ evil intentions and rough life—a true page-turner, breathless, intense—but also important.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Faith is about doing. You are how you act, not just how you believe.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|It is all about the trade of ignorance. And India is such a bronze-age nation that is filled with these trades (astrology, palm reading, vastushashtra and others).
Rainer Maria Rilke, Sonnets to Orpheus|The more mistakes I make, the less I judge other people's mistakes
Rudolph Herzog, Dead Funny: Humor in Hitler's Germany|The historical record contradicts the assumption that the Nazis sentenced large numbers of people to death during World War II for telling jokes. In the final phase of the Third Reich, some cases did receive capital sentences, but they were extreme exceptions to the rule. (We will return to them later.) The compilations of jokes that circulated in Germany after the war bore titles like Deadly Laughter and When Laughter Was Dangerous, but there is not much evidence that the jokes they contained were inevitably risky for the teller.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|How is it possible, I think, to change so much and not be able to change anything at all?
Michelle O'Leary, Here There Be Dragons|Not much of a childhood, Cass. When did you get to play?”With a frown, she said, “I played.”“You took apart your robot dog.
Shannon Celebi, 1:32 P.M.|... I since cricket match do long to talk with one of my arms around you, then place both arms round you and share with you, the above now seems sweeter to me than words can say.
Sunday Adelaja|As chief, I will represent my people in many different ways and might never know which particular action is destined to matter more than another, thus, all my actions should be considered potentially important and worthy of my best effort.
Salvador de Madariaga, Essays with a Purpose|On the one hand, it is in and through creative minds that the community fulfils itself at its best and reaches its highest forms; and on the other, it is from them that the community recovers the social substance with which it had nourished them, transfigured by their creative alchemy into a still higher social substance. The creative evolution of his community and his own creative evolution must always be the two earnest purposes of the individual. Its own creative evolution and that of the individuals in its midst must always be the two earnest purposes of the community.
Chris Scofield, The Shark Curtain|Jesus might not think so, but maybe the dead are best left that way.
Rudyard Kipling, The Cat That Walked By Himself|Greed, envy, sloth, pride and gluttony: these are not vices anymore. No, these are marketing tools. Lust is our way of life. Envy is just a nudge towards another sale. Even in our relationships we consume each other, each of us looking for what we can get out of the other. Our appetites are often satisfied at the expense of those around us. In a dog-eat-dog world we lose part of our humanity.
Paul Isaacs|A socialist must be 'class-conscious', recognizing his identity as a member of the working class and understanding his interests as permanently against those of the master class.
Toni Sorenson|Where you dare to venture where you have not gone before, you will return somehow changed.
Donald Davis|Hope against hope, and ask till ye receive.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|Why did you do this?" He was shaking. "Just tell me why."I tried to muster up some of the righteous indignation that I'd felt on Friday night as I said, "You knocked over my gravestone!" But even to my ears the words sounded tinny and pathetic.Dan's face was pale. "It was just a gravestone, Chelsea. And it was a mistake. I told you that already, and I meant it. I've never lied to you. My God, can't you tell the difference between a gravestone and a person you love? Can't you tel which one matters?"But if I had to point to the real problem in my life, it's that I've never known the difference between a gravestone and a person I love. I have never known which is which until it's too late. "All's fair in love and war," I reminded him, aiming for Tawny's tone. But my voice came out sounding just like me."Oh, yeah? And which is this?" he asked. "Love or war?
Lauren Tom|I'm definitely a romantic comedy dude because I'm a big romantic at heart. I'm a softy, so it's always nice to watch movies that make you think that love at first sight is actually possible.
Debasish Mridha|Always find a reason to dream, to hope, and to love.
Dean Kamen|I'm just fighting a lot of high-level guys. I feel everyone is trying to be tactical, everyone is trying to put their A-game out there, and I have to find a way to win. I'm all about moving on and trying to get better.
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|He loves to hide, but only if you take the time to find him. And while I suspect that's true for most people, only a retard or a kid would admit it.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|Everyone loves a kick-ass girl. (Well- maybe not her enemies, but you know what I mean.)
Cheryl Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|Who I am now is who I was before. The three years between, they were the aberration. You wouldn't recognize the person I became during that lost time. I barely do.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Take your well-disciplined strengths, stretch them between the two great opposing poles, because inside human beings is where God learns.
Robert Kirkman|These are times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed.
Sohail Umar|I wanted to see Chameleons, Then I saw my friends!
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|[G]rowing into your future with health and grace and beauty doesn’t have to take all your time. It rather requires a dedication to caring for yourself as if you were rare and precious, which you are, and regarding all life around you as equally so, which it is. (267-268)
Lynn Messina|Dead parents are gruesome, yes, but anyone who’s anyone in children’s literature has either been orphaned or abandoned; well-adjusted kids from stable two-parent homes don’t go on hero quests.
Susan B. Anthony|If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days.
Debasish Mridha|Be kind to all and trust all. If you do so, only a few will break your trust.
Lewis Thomas|The main purpose of science is simplicity and as we understand more things, everything is becoming simpler.
Lady Gaga|Prejudice is a disease. And when they come for you, or refuse your worth, I will be ready for their stones. I belong to you.
H. Stanley Judd|Learn from your failures & go on to the next challenge. It's okay to fail. If you're not failing, you're not growing.
Kristin Anderson Cetone, Buckaroo Buckeye: A Little Nut with Big Dreams|Discouraging words...discourage dreams,Encouraging words...sprout dreams,Parents plant the seeds!
Victoria Connelly, Mr. Darcy Forever|The novels we read allow us to encounter possible persons, versions of ourselves hat we would never see, never permit ourselves to see, never permit ourselves to become, in places we can never go and might not care to, while assuring that we get to return home again
Anne Spollen, The Shape of Water|I stood there feeling the lightness of my bones, knowing now this was not only lack of sleep that had transformed my bones into feathers, but my body's recognition that soon I would be leaving this place I had inhabited for one year, this place made entirely of grief.
Lao Tzu|Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle ofsoftness overcoming hardness.
Mik Everett|If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die.
Rihanna|When I was a very young actor, I cruised around in a pretty cool vehicle called the Starship Enterprise.
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|Is it possible that “love hurts” is the biggest lie out there. Perhaps love heals, it makes people whole again.
Henri Nouwen|Scientists will eventually stop flailing around with solar power and focus their efforts on harnessing the only truly unlimited source of energy on the planet: stupidity. I predict that in the future, scientists will learn how to convert stupidity into clean fuel.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|We do not now stand in the middle; in every aspect of our life we have, deliberately or by the 'conditioning' of birth, education or environment, allowed ourselves to stand on one bank of the river of life, with some intolerance of those who were foolish enough to choose or be led to stand on the other. Thus we are male or female, old or young, of the East of West. By temperament we are introvert or extrovert, leaders of followers, all for action or striving rather to be. It surely follows that we should be more tolerant of the other fellow, equally right/wrong, and be less swift to judge him with our ignorant, lop-sided view and definite disapproval. In any event, do we have to express an opinion, presume to judge?
Tim Flannery, The Weather Makers: How Man Is Changing the Climate and What It Means for Life on Earth|As long as scepticism is based on a sound understanding of science it is invaluable, for that is how science progresses. But poor criticism can lead those who are unfamiliar with the science involved into doubting everything about climate change predictions.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|Was still between Martha and Jane, then, I was. Between the girl I was and who I wanted to be.
C.C. Franklin|I do not have respect for you who takes advantage of the soul that is kind and giving, for it is you who takes such liberties that becomes the ultimate fool.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|Oh no, was I to be one of those girls who gets attacked by a jealous girlfriend?
Rupi Kaur|I am just sorry my own mother had to live under that regime for most of her life. I was lucky. I got out and, 14 years later, Czechoslovakia became a free country. So I feel anger, even fury, at this bloody system that ruined so many people's lives for no reason whatsoever.
Jennifer Aniston|Anyway, if you need your heroes to be perfect, you won't have very many. Even Superman had his Kryptonite. I'd rather have my heroes be more like me: trying to do the right thing, sometimes messing up. Making mistakes. Saying you're sorry. And forgiving other people when they mess up, too.
N.K. Jemisin, The Kingdom of Gods|There are times, Kruppe murmurs, when celibacy born of sad deprivation becomes a boon, nay, a source of great relief.
A.P., Sabine|A fire burns with crackles at first, then loses its intensity; the same goes for love. But remember, that even the dying out fire can keep a room alight.
Danny M. Cohen, Train|Would you like to see where I will build your house, m’lady?”	She grinned. “You mean our house?”	He mirrored her smile. “Aye.”	Taking her hand, he led her along the path to the mouth of the River Coe. They stood on a curved peninsula high above the river where it would be free from floods. Hugh spread his arms wide and looked across Loch Leven. “The hills of Glencoe will be our backdrop, the river of the Coe will be our music, and our galleys will sail through the water of the Leven to Loch Linnhe and out to sea. Mark me, my love, Clan Iain Abrach will rebuild, and will once again rule these lands.”	He looked into her eyes and saw joy there. “And you will be my queen.
Clive Barker, Mister B. Gone|No, time has silverted the dark sheen of her hair, and thickened her body, and lined the corners of her eyes and her lips.He saw in them the hints of the smile he loved, and knew, to be fair, that time had been no kinder to him. Or perhaps, it had been just as kind; for she did not look the part of a young girl, and she was not: she was stronger, wiser, and more just than the fear of youth allowed; she gave him the shelter that he needed, on the rare occasions that that need drove him. She trusted him, always; she looked up to him, still; he strove, in every way, to continue to live up to her expectation. She was the one person in his life he did not wish to disappoint. 
Debasish Mridha|Everything humanity have achieved is achieved by dreams, desires, and actions.
Gary W. Moon|On Christ's attitude toward His disciples: "If I gave away My big all to get to you, can you give away your little all to follow Me?
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|It must be lovely to be grown up, Marilla, when just being treated as if you were is so nice...Well, anyway, when I grow up, I'm always going to talk to little girls as if they were, too, and I'll never laugh when they use big words.
Ken Poirot, Go Viral!: The Social Media Secret to Get Your Name Posted and Shared All Over the World!|Expression that comes from the deepest, darkest place that most of us would rather hide from the rest of the world is the substance that will most likely also deeply affect others.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Beauty is only skin deep, but who gives a shit what's under their skin anyway?
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|To crush fear doesn't mean you eliminate it; crushing fear means you literally crush it down into smaller, more manageable parts and tackle one piece at a time.
Joanna Gaines, The Magnolia Story|We live in a world of paradox: the very opportunities some pilgrims of life wish to get to make great and awesome exploits and feel accomplished and comfortable, others get and they least see what they have and only abuse what they have!
Apolo Ohno|Believe it or not, lots of people change their majors and abandon their dreams just to avoid a couple of math classes in college.
Vincent van Gogh|Love is eternal -- the aspect may change, but not the essence. There is the same difference in a person before and after he is in love as there is in an unlighted lamp and one that is burning. The lamp was there and was a good lamp, but now it is shedding light too, and that is its real function. And love makes one calmer about many things, and that way, one is more fit for one's work.
N.K. Jemisin, The Kingdom of Gods|Inevitable is not the same as immediate, Sieh--and love does not mandate forgiveness.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Writing always means hiding something in such a way that it then is discovered; because the truth that can come from my pen is like a shard that has been chipped from a great boulder by a violent impact, then flung far away; because there is no certitude outside falsification.
Trevor Driggers|And if you must cheat, then please cheat death. Because I couldn’t live a day without you.
Tracy Sherwood|The young will not always be young, the famous will not always be relevant, the outspoken will not always have a voice. Make the most of now.
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|I learned a long time ago with you that folks who were trying to be kind would rather do it with a macaroni-and-cheese bake than any personal involvement. You hand off a serving dish and you've done your job - no need to get personally involved, and your conscience is clean. Food is the currency of aid.
Anthony Caro|Homey don't quit. What else are you gonna do? It's like those guys in the cartoon they get up in the morning, check the clock and fight all day and after it's over they check the clock and go home. That's how it goes.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|That is just an infinigon, it expands infinitely in all directions, best to forget what you think you might have seen.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the Dark Meadows|The two men's eyes widened when they saw me charging toward them. One of them dropped his hold on Grey, letting him sway dangerously over the edge. Both men reached for their guns, but it was too late. I was nearly on them. Fortiter.I slammed into Grey, my momentum carrying us over the low edge. I briefly heard Karl shout, before the wind filled my ears. We were falling fast, and the pavement rushed up at us at an alarming speed.
Lin Yutang|I love the simplicity, the ingredients, the culture, the history and the seasonality of Italian cuisine. In Italy people do not travel. They cook the way grandma did, using fresh ingredients and what is available in season.
Michelle Aguilar, Becoming Fearless: My Ongoing Journey of Learning to Trust God|In a real road-construction situation, I would never get out of my car when traffic is backed up, walk over to the foreman of the crew, and ask if I can help make the road so that it all moves more quickly. Yet I found myself doing just that with God in my past when He was trying to repair me. Construction sites have caution cones and broken pavement and heavy equipment I'm not qualified to operate. I must have looked just as out of place trying to make repairs on myself all those years. When I put my trust in Him and have patience in Him as the foreman of my life--the One who is repairing a broken relationship with my mom, building me a stronger and healthier body and assembling healthier friendships and a marriage with a solid foundation--I live a life with much fewer obstructions on my ultimate commute to becoming fearless. And I trust that God has made the plans to finish the good work He has already begun. He will continue constructing the life He knows I'm meant to lead as I travel freely in my journey of "becoming.
Junaid Raza|Our greater beastliness lies not in a penchant for brute force,but in our greater corruption, nihilism, and decadence; in our servitude to the overwhelming systems we create; in the sociopathic rationalism we adopt to master natural forces and to compete with the machines we build;and in the scientistic idolatry that co-opts the religious impulse. Of course the ancients resorted more to brute force: they lacked the infrastructure to punish their enemies and victims in a safer, more sophisticated fashion, with advanced legal regimes and mass-produced, maximum security prisons; with engineered propaganda for social conditioning; and with economic, cyber, and drone warfare. We channel our aggression with more sophisticated instruments, but the use of those instruments doesn’t ennoble us.
Christina Engela|Villainessa Tittel was a hired killer, an assassin by trade. She had enjoyed the best education and had been trained by assassins who had (until then at least) been considered the best in the business. She had turned to ‘cleaning’ as an occupation because she really enjoyed endings more than beginnings – and anyway, she didn’t need to know her mark’s entire pedigree or life’s story, or to have some kind of facetious moral justification just to collect her fee. Unsurprisingly, when she did read – on those rare occasions – her books were always dog-eared from the back.
Jim Talent|Thought takes man out of servitude, into freedom.
R.v.m.|Some will make you Dance, some will make you Smile, and some will make your misery longer than a mile! Pleasure or Pain, the Choice is thine.
Eva Herzigova|I'm not big on dark chocolate, but I do have a sweet tooth, so it gets me in trouble. I love warm chocolate chip cookies with ice cream. Then there's this chocolate pie my mom makes for me every year for my birthday. She's been making it since I was younger, and there's nothing like it. It's really so, so good!
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Until this moment, I had not realized that someone could break your heart twice, along the very same fault lines.
Anne Carson, Autobiography of Red|It is well, when in difficulties, to say never a word, neither black nor white. Speech is silver but silence is golden.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Even though consciousness doesn’t seem to be confined to the human brain within the skull, we do experience consciousness through our brain. The transformation of consciousness to attention is facilitated by your brain. Driving thoughts into action is also processed by your brain. Your brain is the seat of the creative observer inside you.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Was I ever crazy? Maybe. Or maybe life is… Crazy isn’t being broken or swallowing a dark secret. It’s you or me amplified. If you ever told a lie and enjoyed it. If you ever wished you could be a child forever. They were not perfect, but they were my friends.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Breathing Room|My phone buzzes. It’s from Karou: a list of conversation openers that I won’t be needing. —a) Hi. I’m Zuzana. I’m actually a marionette brought to life by the Blue Fairy, and the only way I can gain a soul is if a human falls in love with me. Help a puppet out? —b) Hi. I’m Zuzana. The touch of my lips imparts immortality. Just sayin’. —c) Hi. I’m Zuzana. I think I might like you.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|Consider the following sequence of cases, which we shall call the Tale of the Slave, and imagine it is about you.1. There is a slave completely at the mercy of his brutal master’s whims. He is often cruelly beaten, called out in the middle of the night, and so on.2. The master is kindlier and beats the slave only for stated infractions of his rules (not fulling the work quota, and so on). He gives the slave some free time.3. The master has a group of slave, and he decides how things are to be allocated among them on nice grounds, taking into account their needs, merit, and so on.4. The master allows the slave four days on their own and requires them to work only three days a week on his land. The rest of the time is their own.5. The master allows his slaves to go off and work in the city (or anywhere they wish) for wages. He also retains the power to recall them to the plantation if some emergency threatens his land; and to raise or lower the three-sevenths amount required to be turned over to him. He further retains the right to restrict the slaves from participating in certain dangerous activities that threaten his financial return, for example, mountain climbing, cigarette smoking.6. The master allows all of his 10,000 slaves, except you, to vote, and the joint decision is made by all of them. There is open discussion, and so forth, among them, and they have the power to determine to what use to put whatever percentage of your (and their) earnings they decide to take; what activities legitimately may be forbidden to you, and so on.7. Though still not having the vote, you are at liberty (and are given the right) to enter into discussion of the 10,000, to try to persuade them to adopt various policies and to treat you and themselves in a certain way. They then go off to vote to decide upon policies covering the vast range of their powers.8. In appreciation of your useful contributions to discussion, the 10,000 allow you to vote if they are deadlocked; they commit themselve3s to this procedure. After the discussion you mark your vote on a slip of paper, and they go off and vote. In the eventuality that they divide evenly on some issue, 5,000 for and 5,000 against, they look at your ballot and count it in. This has never yet happened; they have never yet had occasion to open your ballot. (A single master may also might commit himself to letting his slave decide any issue concerning him about which he, the master, was absolutely indifferent.)9. They throw your vote in with theirs. If they are exactly tied your vote carries the issue. Otherwise it makes no difference to the electoral outcome.The question is: which transition from case 1 to case 9 made it no longer the tale of the slave?
BJ the Chicago Kid|Lasting love has to be built on mutual regard and respect. It is about seeing the other person. I am very interested in relationships and, when I watch couples, sometimes I can sense a blindness has set in. They have stopped seeing each other. It is not easy to see another person.
Isabella MacDonald Alden, Chrissy's Endeavor|Do not lower the standard or cater to the worldly laxness of the average Christian by making the way in easy. Make sure that everyone who joins fully understands his duties and obligations and is willing, in Christ's strength, to undertake them.
Jim Cookson|We all have an opportunity and responsibility to create a legacy. A legacy which is resilient, sustainable and authentic." - Jim Cookson, Doctoral Student, Ashridge Business School, UK, August 2014
Donna Lynn Hope|Dark hair on a white pillow, an ache inside, his face a reflection in her eye.
Milton Friedman|Make your choice, make your decision... right now!
Poppet, Ryan|He sits next to me, the veins on his neck and arms seeming more prominent than they did earlier. His mouth compresses, igniting his eyes with esoteric light, pulling me into the magnetic undertow.
A.E. Housman, More Poems|Stone, steel, dominions pass,Faith too, no wonder;So leave alone the grassThat I am under.
John Wallis|Because time is not like space. And when you put something down somewhere, like a protractor or a biscuit, you can have a map in your head to tell you where you have left it, but even if you don't have a map it will still be there because a map is a representation of things that actually exist so you can find the protractor or the biscuits again. And a timetable is a map of time, except that if you don't have a timetable, time isn't there like the landing and the garden and the route to school.
John Fowles, The Collector|I, on the other hand, am very concerned about how word choice will affect my readers. For instance, in the description of Genesis, I chose the term 'good and evil' instead of 'right and wrong', which are basically two same terms. I wanted to use 'right and wrong' because it definitely will ignite more controversies than 'good and evil', but I chose to use the latter because I was afraid of the social influence that can come from reading my book, and although there is no adult material at all in the book, I could risk getting my book banned.
Karen Thompson Walker|Moving on is not closure. It's not neat, and it's not about turning the page. It is about moving on, but it doesn't mean that you've left something behind.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|The two creatures were sexless. But he of Malacandra was masculine (not male); she of Perelandra was feminine (not female). Malacandra seemed to him to have the look of one standing armed, at the ramparts of his own remote archaic world, in ceaseless vigilance, his eyes ever roaming the earth-ward horizon whence his danger came long ago. "A sailor's look," Ransom once said to me; "you know... eyes that are impregnated with distance." But the eyes of Perelandra opened, as it were, inward, as if they were the curtained gateway to a world of waves and murmurings and wandering airs, of life that rocked in winds and splashed on mossy stones and descended as the dew and arose sunward in thin-spun delicacy of mist. On Mars the very forests are of stone; in Venus the lands swim. For now he thought of them no more as Malacandra and Perelandra. He called them by their Tellurian names. With deep wonder he thought to himself, "My eyes have seen Mars and Venus. I have seen Ares and Aphrodite.
Amit Kalantri|Apart from the economic value, money does have high moral value.
Darren Shan, Lord of the Shadows|You ever notice how long it takes for things to happen when you know they're supposed to happen? My fake Walkman has a built-in alarm, and I set it for two in the morning and wear the headphones to bed, but before you can wake up you have to fall asleep, and I never DO fall asleep because I keep waiting for the alarm to go off.
Tiger Woods|I kept on trying to use so many media and ideas in my work because our horizon is so vast and Indian culture is so rich that I think what we are today, culturally, we have a unique position and I don't think one lifetime is enough to encompass it.
Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules|What's your problem?""I don't have problems. I solve them.
Gayle Wray|Dolls are precious little reflections of joyous light, whose hope is only to delight " - Gayle Wray
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|I would not look upon anger as something foreign to me that I have to fight... I have to deal with my anger with care, with love, with tenderness, with nonviolence.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|Have you ever longed for someone so much, so deeply that you thought you would die? That your heart would just stop beating? I am longing now, but for whom I don't know. My whole body craves to be held. I am desperate to love and be loved. I want my mind to float into another's. I want to be set free from despair by the love I feel for another. I want to be physically part of someone else. I want to be joined. I want to be open and free to explore every part of them, as though I were exploring myself.
M.A. George, Aqua|He’s close enough now that I can hear his footfall on the pavement, and I knowmy chances of outrunning him are slim. I’m practically in a full sprint, and mypounding heart is begging me to take it down a notch. I try to will my feet to keep pace with its beat; but I think it’s humanly impossible to run that fast. And then it dawns on me that my footsteps are the only ones I hear. Somewhere along the way, Tristan’s must have come to a stop. And I can’t quite explain why I’m running this fast in the first place. I slow to a jog, intending to just pick up with my original pace; but I can’t seem to suck in breaths fast enough to propel my feet any further. My molten shoes stutter to a stop, as my hands come to rest on my knees. I’m still wheezily sucking in breath after breath of thick, humid air, when I warily turn tolook over my shoulder.Tristan’s standing about fifty feet back, hands on his hips and a comp
Sue Barr, Man of Her Dreams|I have a fabulous idea.""Oh, I don't like this. Last time you had a fabulous idea, I wore a cast for six weeks. I still can't straighten my arm completely.""That was years ago," I said, brushing aside her concern. "This one will work. Do you have any exceptionally handsome men friends, willing to be my fiancé?
Criss Jami|Never hide things from hardcore thinkers. They get more aggravated, more provoked by confusion than the most painful truths.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. Wisdom, compassion, and courage are essential ingredients for love. To love other people we must begin by forgiving them. If we do not bring forth the part of us that is capable of love and compassion, it will destroy us.
Sharon Olds, Stag's Leap: Poems|And I will raise up for them a plant of renown, and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land, neither bear the shame of the heathen any more.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|Be kind and have compassion for others, anyone his situation can change in a minute
Richard Wright, Black Boy|A man will seek to express his relation to the stars; but when a man's consciousness has been riveted upon obtaining a loaf of bread, that loaf of bread is as important as the stars.
Otto Dix|If you always think about your dreams or goals, work steadfastly towards them and continue to challenge yourself, you will definitely be able to realise those dreams or goals.
Phillip Gary Smith, HARMONIZING: Keys to Living in the Song of Life|Good" now is better than "Best" never.
John Fowles, The French Lieutenant's Woman|I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.
Deyth Banger|Why people use "Was" I have heard some people to say "I was a smart kid at school - Eminem", but why "Was", was is a word for describing the past... which will mean that has started and ended... so what??? How to get it now? You aren't wise, are you?
Murray N. Rothbard|When the dogs returned, the Senator gave them treats from his pocket, and Jun Do understood that in communism, you’d threaten a dog into compliance, while in capitalism, obedience is obtained through bribes
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|Invariably, I will be referred to Gleason Archer's massive Encyclopedia of Bible Difficulties, a heavy volume that seeks to provide the reader with sound explanations for every conceivable puzzle found within the Bible - from whether God approved of Rahab's lie, to where Cain got his wife. (Note to well-meaning apologists: it's not always the best idea to present a skeptic with a five-hundred-page book listing hundreds of apparent contradictions in Scripture when the skeptic didn't even know that half of them existed before you recommended it.)
Frans de Waal, The Bonobo and the Atheist: In Search of Humanism Among the Primates|Your body, which is bonding millions of molecules every second, depends on transformation. Breathing and digestion harness transformation. Food and air aren’t just shuffled about but, rather, undergo the exact chemical bonding needed to keep you alive. The sugar extracted from an orange travels to the brain and fuels a thought. The emergent property in this case is the newness of the thought; no molecules in the history of the universe ever combined to produce that exact thought.
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|Everyone loves to walk in the footprints of successful people, even without understanding whom footprints they walk in
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|He swept the red cloak around Inej's shoulders in a rain of petals and blossoms as she continued to strap on her knives. She looked almost as startled as the flower seller."What?" he asked as he tossed her a Mister Crimson mask that matched his own."Those were my mother's favorite flower.""Good to know Van Eck didn't cure you of sentiment.""Nice to be back, Kaz.""Good to have you back, Wraith.
Guy Browning|Morris tried to keep the books in some sort of order, but they always mixed themselves up. The tragedies needed cheering up and would visit with the comedies. The encyclopedias, weary of facts, would relax with the comic books and fictions. All in all it was an agreeable jumble.
Lars Saabye Christensen, The Half Brother|how I wish I could fist a bit of old-fashioned beef in the fore-castle, as I used to when i was before the mast.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Thanks to photography, some memories overstay their welcome.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|But it wasn't the right season to lift off. Not yet. I sat in my apartment and looked out over the city, and I just didn't feel any passion to write about the place. I didn't give a damn about local politics; I wasn't moved by the issues. I missed home. And I was frustrated by people who actually thought the world was a centre and that centre was here. ‘The world's a sphere, everyone,’ I wanted to say. ‘The centre of a sphere doesn't lie on its surface. Look up the word 'superficial', when you have a chance.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|It is so difficult - at least, I find it difficult - to understand people who speak the truth.
Howard Gardner|Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I stifled a yawn. "It's too early to be such an asshat Daniel.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|All of us lived life when sex was the farthest thing from our minds. Try to remember the careless freedom of play, basking in the beingness of others. As adults, responsibilities and obligations can often bind us to a daily grind. For some adults, then, sex might be one of the few interactions that restores their openness and sensory exploration of play. It’s not hard to see why sexual preoccupation might take over when people become locked out from experiencing fulfilling lives.
Manuel Castells, Communication Power|Voting, we might even say, is the next to last refuge of the politically impotent. The last refuge is, of course, giving your opinion to a pollster, who will get a version of it through a desiccated question, and then will submerge it in a Niagara of similar opinions, and convert them into--what else?--another piece of news. Thus we have here a great loop of impotence: The news elicits from you a variety of opinions about which you can do nothing except to offer them as more news, about which you can do nothing.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|I, being born a woman and distressedBy all the needs and notions of my kind,Am urged by your propinquity to findYour person fair, and feel a certain zestTo bear your body's weight upon my breast;So subtly is the fume of life designed,To clarify the pulse and cloud the mind,And leave me once again undone, possessed.Think not for this, however, the poor treasonOf my stout blood against my staggering brain,I shall remember you with love, or seasonMy scorn with pity, - let me make it plain:I find this frenzy insufficient reasonFor conversation when we meet again.
James Axler, Warlord Of The Pit|The leader, a big-bellied Mexican wearing a huge sombrero, sat in a black saddle studded with silver conchos. Spurs jingled at the heels of his boots. A necklace of human ears hung from around his neck. The blood on them still looked fairly fresh.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Gratitude is the best food and fuel to start the day for you. Have some at lunchtime and again at dinner too. It will energise and sustain you - the whole day through. But it will also leave you room, power and the thirst to do what you need to do and contribute.
Paul  Travis|Fire burns blue and hot.Its fair light blinds me not.Smell of smoke is satisfying, tastes nourishing to my tongue.I think fire ageless, never old, and yet no longer young.Morning coals are cool: daylight leaves me blind.I love the fire most because of what it leaves behind.
Cheryl Cory, Must've Done Something Good|It’s true—there are only, like, two songs about rainbows, including that one. He should be asking why there are so few songs about rainbows.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|I was born into a town and a family and the town ad my family happened to me. I own none of it. It is everyone's. It is shareware. I like it, I like having been a part of it, I would kill or die to protect those who are part of it, but I don not claim exclusivity. Have it Take it from me. Do with is what you will. Make it useful. This is like making electricity from dirt; it is almost too good to be believed, that we can make beauty from this stuff.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|The supposedly immaterial soul, we now know, can be bisected with a knife, altered by chemicals, started or stopped by electricity, and extinguished by a sharp blow or by insufficient oxygen.
George Elliott Clarke, Whylah Falls|A rural Venus, Selah rises from thegold foliage of the Sixhiboux River, sweepspetals of water from her skin. At once,clouds begin to sob for such beauty.Clothing drops like leaves."No one makes poetry,my Mme.Butterfly, my Carmen, in Whylah,”I whisper. She smiles: “We’ll shape it withour souls.”Desire illuminates the dark manuscriptof our skin with beetles and butterflies.After the lightning and rain has ceased,after the lightning and rain of lovemakinghas ceased, Selah will dive again into thesunflower-open river.
Rebecca MacKinnon|In almost every country there are elements of opinion which would welcome such a conclusion because they wish to return to the politics of the balance of power, unrestricted and unregulated armaments, international anarchy, and preparation for war.
Zach Weihrauch, A Better Story: Sermons from the Book of Genesis|Before the beginning of the world, the triune God existed as Father, Son, and Spirit -- existing as three persons, yet one essence. Before there was an earth, before there was a cosmos, before there was anything, there was the triune God existing in this circular relationship between each person of the Godhead. He is perfectly happy, perfectly content, and perfectly together. When God creates, what is the purpose of creation? What is the purpose of making people? Why is God speaking with them and walking in the garden with them? He is increasing the circle. This is how God made the world; he enlarged the circle. Adam and Eve were in paradise because they were in the circle of God's love.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|A mortal person's mind is like a wilderness, with a tremendous volume of decaying constructs and half-understood experience forming natural harbors for wild animal effects.
Gene Simmons|Women, you have all this power, I’m telling you. In business, you have something called an inferred fiduciary duty to yourself. Look at the other hugely successful women in industry, commerce, science and everywhere else and you’ll see women who are feminine, beautiful but also do not rely on men for their self-empowerment.
Jenny Rosenstrach|You right! You one hundred percent right! I done spent the last seventeen years worrying about what you got. Now it’s your turn, see? I’ll tell you what to do. You grown . . . we don established that. You a man. Now, let’s see you act like one. Turn your behind around and walk out this yard. And when you get out there in the alley . . . you can forget about this house. See? Cause this is my house. You go on and be a man and get your own house. You can forget about this. You can forget about this. ‘Cause this is mine. You go on and get yours because I’m through with doing for you.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|The way I see it, he's all we have left ofher.
Soraya|Sometimes being surronded by everyone is the loneliest, because you'll realise you have no one to turn to.
Tessa Dare, Romancing the Duke|He rubbed his hands up and down, warming her. “Then that’s all you need to know. I have you. If there are beasties in the dark, they have to get through me.
Barack Obama|I confess to wincing every so often at a poorly chosen word, a mangled sentence, an expression of emotion that seems indulgent or overly practiced. I have the urge to cut the book by fifty pages or so, possessed as I am with a keener appreciation for brevity.
Kate Breslin, High As the Heavens|Hope-it was a fire that lit the soul, a belief in both the impossible and in everything imaginable, the budding anticipation of joy, waiting with each breath.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Success is the understanding, release and maximization of capacity.
Steve Goodier|The sun rises every morning and sheds light, vanquishing the night's darkness. The rooster also rises every morning only, unlike the sun, he simply makes noise. But the darkness of the night is dispelled by sunshine, not by the rooster's crowing. The world can use more light and less noise. Wherever I can, I want to be light.
Xiaolu Guo, Twenty Fragments of a Ravenous Youth|And it was pointless...to think how those years could have been put to better use, for he could hardly have put them to worse. There was no recovering them now. You could grieve endlessly for the loss of time and for the damage done therein. For the dead, and for your own lost self. But what the wisdom of the ages says is that we do well not to grieve on and on. And those old ones knew a thing or two and had some truth to tell...for you can grieve your heart out and in the end you are still where you were. All your grief hasn't changed a thing. What you have lost will not be returned to you. It will always be lost. You're left with only your scars to mark the void. All you can choose to do is to go on or not. But if you go on, it's knowing you carry your scars with you.
Gunter Grass|Poetry from the bottom up is an act of selection: you kind of feel your way through the crowds of poems. The good ones came forward a long time ago, and the bad ones fell away.
Carolyn G. Heilbrun, The Last Gift of Time: Life Beyond Sixty|With solitude, however, fervently it is desired and embraced, comes loneliness. T. H White, the author, offered advice to those in sadness -- learn something new.
Jaime Camil|I'm so grounded, it's sad.
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|Vimes, listening with his mouth open, wondered why the hell it was that dwarfs believed that they had no religion and no priests. Being a dwarf was a religion. People went into the dark for the good of the clan, and heard things, and were changed, and came back to tell…And then, fifty years ago, a dwarf tinkering in Ankh-Morpork had found that if you put a simple fine mesh over your lantern flame it'd burn blue in the presence of the gas but wouldn't explode. It was a discovery of immense value to the good of dwarfkind and, as so often happens with such discoveries, almost immediately led to a war."And afterwards there were two kinds of dwarf," said Cheery sadly. "There's the Copperheads, who all use the lamp and the patent gas exploder, and the Schmaltzbergers, who stick to the old ways. Of course we're all dwarfs," she said, "but relations are strained.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|I wish I had a boyfriend. I wish he lived in the wardrobe on a coat hanger. Whenever I wanted, I could get him out and he'd look at me the way boys do in films, as if I'm beautiful.
John Osborne|Sisters are always drying their hair. Locked into rooms, alone, they pose at the mirror, shoulders bare, trying this way and that their hair, or fly importunate down the stair to answer the telephone.
Josh Duhamel|Pet lovers know that animals sometimes understand us better than we do, and the annals of human sin and desire provide plenty of stories to drive the point home.
Terry Pratchett|I cannot stress enough that the answer to life's questions is often in people's faces. Try putting your iPhones down once in a while, and look in people's faces. People's faces will tell you amazing things. Like if they are angry, or nauseous or asleep.
Umberto Eco, The Island of the Day Before|But the purpose of a story is to teach and to please at once, and what it teaches is how to recognize the snares of the world.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|One day, when you are sitting with my sister, Mahgen, around a fire, and you're feeling how perfectly right it is to be next to her, this moment, this tease of desire between us, will be long forgotten.
Vinicius Montgomery|Reading is a powerful force that illuminates the darkness. Unfortunately, few have the courage to walk against the world in search of knowledge that transforms reality.
Hemant Pandey, Secrets to modern woman's heart: Learn what women really want : Be ready to be shocked! (3rd Edition)|The biggest turn off for a girl as far as I am aware apart from all logistic issues, is a guy without any mission in his life.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|When you wake up, think about winning the day. Don't worry about a week or a month from now -- just think about one day at a time. If you are worried about the mountain in the distance, you might trip over the molehill right in front of you. Win the day!
Lisa M. Cronkhite, Disconnected|Without trauma-informed treatment, traumatized clients may not respond optimally and they may even be re-traumatized by the mental health system if they are labeled as “treatment resistant” because the treatment does not address the core issue of trauma; some may be misunderstood as fabricating or exaggerating their trauma history or symptoms.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|People give flowers as presents because flowers contain the true meaning of love. Anyone tries to possess a flower will have to watch its beauty fading. But if you simply look at a flower on a field, you will keep it forever, because the flower is part of the evening and the sunset and the smell of damp earth and the clouds on the horizon.
Judith Butler, Undoing Gender|Abstaining from sex, hitting the books, and wearing loose-fitting clothes are common ways that girls try to molt their "slutty" image. But more often their shame leads them to self-destructive behavior. They become willing to do things that they wouldn't have dreamed of doing before they were scandalized because they now feel they have so little to offer. Some girls do drugs or drink to excess in an attempt to blot away their stigma. Others become depressed and anorexic. And others think so little of themselves that they date boys who insult or beat them.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|It's not macho to read? Nonsense. Reading is a stouthearted activity, disporting courage, keenness, stick-to-itness. It is also, in my experience, one of the most thrilling and enduring delights of life, equal to a home run, a slamdunk, or breaking the four-minute mile.
Dalai Lama|You only trust those who are absolutely like yourself, those who have signed a pledge of allegiance to this particular identity.
Ashlyn Macnamara, A Most Scandalous Proposal|If sharks could smile, they'd smile like he was now.
Michael Spivak, Physics for Mathematicians: Mechanics I|... who can forget the amazement of a child balancing an adult on a see-saw, simply by being placed at the right position. How could this be? Where did all that extra force come from!?The only wonder nowadays is that a physics student is unlikely to produce a satisfactory answer to this question. Perhaps we will be offered a few mumblings about moments, force times distance, laws of the lever perhaps even the "principle of virtual work". But we probably won't get an answer that seems to explain where that extra force comes from; and it is highly unlikely that we will get an answer that begins by establishing principles about rigid bodies, even though the rigidity of the lever is an absolute necessity for it to work.In fact, the whole path from Newton's Laws, which basically concern "point masses", to bodies whose shape and extent are significant, is often rather dubiously traversed, even though elementary physics courses blithely pose such problems of the most diverse sorts.
John Daniel, Rogue River Journal: A Winter Alone|Enrollments in American colleges tripled between 1955 and 1970, 250% in the Soviet Union, 400% in France, and more than 200% in China by 1965. Gaddis writes, "What governments failed to foresee was that more young people, plus, more education, when combined with a stalemated Cold War, could be a prescription for insurrection. Learning does not easily compartmentalize. How do you prepare students to think for purposes approved by the state, or by their parents, without also equipping them to think for themselves? Youths throughout history had often wished question their elders values. Now, with university educations, their elders had handed them the training to do so. The result was discontent with the world as it was.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|First, the avid student must be aware that when the world was young it knew only seven things: water, life and death, salt, night, birds and the length of an hour.
Chaim Herzog|God may forgive your sins, but your nervous system won't.
J. Gresham Machen|For Christians to influence the world with the truth of God's Word requires the recovery of the great Reformation doctrine of vocation. Christians are called to God's service not only in church professions but also in every secular calling. The task of restoring truth to the culture depends largely on our laypeople.To bring back truth, on a practical level, the church must encourage Christians to be not merely consumers of culture but makers of culture. The church needs to cultivate Christian artists, musicians, novelists, filmmakers, journalists, attorneys, teachers, scientists, business executives, and the like, teaching its laypeople the sense in which every secular vocation-including, above all, the callings of husband, wife, and parent--is a sphere of Christian ministry, a way of serving God and neighbor that is grounded in God's truth. Christian laypeople must be encouraged to be leaders in their fields, rather than eager-to-please followers, working from the assumptions of their biblical worldview, not the vapid clichés of pop culture.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Abraham had eight sons--not one. All eight sons bring something to the table. Abraham loved all of his sons. He was a good father who made sure all his sons were literate, of good character and shared a common ideology with their father, Abraham. Abraham did good. Where did we go wrong?pg 54
Debasish Mridha|The mind is a miraculous mirror through which we see the world, but it can also see from within.
Deana Martin, Memories Are Made of This: Dean Martin Through His Daughter's Eyes|I don't know who first said it, but this proverb is something I believe: A lion leading a lot of sheep can defeat a sheep leading many lions. The important part is that I must decide when I am a lion and when I must be a sheep. I don't believe you are always one or the other.
Robin Roe, A List of Cages|Me? I'm scared of everything. I'm scared of what I saw, I'm scared of what I did, of who I am, and most of all I'm scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel when I'm with you.
|Motivation is what gets you started, but persistence is the only thing that guarantees your success.
Hilary Mantel|A man's power is in the half-light, in the half-seen movements of his hand and the unguessed-at expression of his face. It is the absence of facts that frightens people: the gap you open, into which they pour their fears, fantasies, desires.
Yitzhak Navon|Since the German people, with unparalleled heroism, but also at the cost of fearful sacrifices, has waged war against half the world, it is our right and our duty to obtain safety and independence for ourselves at sea.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The student’s biggest problem was a slave mentality which had been built into him by years of carrot-and- whip grading, a mule mentality which said, "If you don’t whip me, I won’t work." He didn’t get whipped. He didn’t work. And the cart of civilization, which he supposedly was being trained to pull, was just going to have to creak along a little slower without him. This is a tragedy, however, only if you presume that the cart of civilization, "the system," is pulled by mules. This is a common, vocational, "location" point of view, but it’s not the Church attitude. The Church attitude is that civilization, or "the system" or "society" or whatever you want to call it, is best served not by mules but by free men. The purpose of abolishing grades and degrees is not to punish mules or to get rid of them but to provide an environment in which that mule can turn into a free man.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Such a brute should underneath all his braggart tricks, his viciousness, his vileness, be a coward. But I am convinced that he was not. Because even cowardice requires a certain degree of sensitivity, and a certain value for life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To dream doesn't cost you much, so dream.To hope doesn't cost you much, so hope.To yearn doesn't cost you much, so yearn;but to succeed costs you everything, so persevere.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water|God has disclosed himself in descriptive terms that give us enough information to be able to know who he is, and he has hidden enough of himself for us to learn the balance between faith and reason.
R. Chetwynd-Hayes|Life is never static. Despite catastrophic tragedies, life has persisted in evolving new varieties of unimaginable forms. I find comfort in the narrative of evolutionary history.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.
Jon Pardi|I'm thankful for serendipitous moments in my life, where things could've gone the other way.
Mindy Kaling|The guys on the stunt team are really fantastic. It's really funny, because for all the aggression they have to display on screen, they're actually really happy, good- natured people.
Luis Marques, Kemet - The Year of Revelation|No matter how hard you try, after the Day there will always be a Night...
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Though the children did not know Levin well and did not remember when they had last seen him, they did not feel towards him any of that strange shyness and antagonism so often felt by children towards grown-up people who 'pretend,' which causes them to suffer as painfully. Pretence about anything sometimes deceives the wisest and shrewdest man, but, however cunningly it is hidden, a child of the meanest capacity feels it and is repelled by it.
Morton Shaevitz, Refire! Don't Retire: Make the Rest of Your Life the Best of Your Life|There’s nothing wrong with accumulating wealth, receiving recognition for your efforts, and having some power and status--what’s wrong is when you think that’s who you are.
Sunday Adelaja|When you don’t crave increase, you become a mystery
Leila Aboulela, Lyrics Alley|The Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, said, When Allah loves a people, He tries them.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You soak up my soul and mingle me. Each drop of my blood cries out to the earth. We are partners, blended as one.
Tracey Bond|I could scream abuse at him all day long; he wouldn't mind at all. It's me he wants, my look, my outside; not my emotions or my mind or my soul or even my body. Not anything human.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|So the probability I'm not there..., but you want I to be there opps so sorry I can't be but you can make a discussion with my books and if you want more just P.M. - That's how it works and It will work.
Akshay Vasu|He locked the doors and windows and sat in the middle of a room afraid of going out there in the storm and rain, in the darkest night he had ever seen. All of a sudden there were knocks everywhere and the walls turned into the glass so that he could helplessly witness his fears approach him like the ghosts. He saw them crawling on the wall and climbing the roof staring into his eyes, in no time the walls disappeared and they stood around him laughing and consuming him one by one at a time. all he saw, in the end, was the ugly and scary faces of himself.
Virginia Woolf|As a woman I have no country. As a woman I want no country. As a woman, my country is the whole world.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|Don’t forget the snow in the summertime, because you will meet him again when the summer is over!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Reason and Faith are not antithetical, but rather synergistic".
Ginny Baird, Real Romance|He imagined them sitting somewhere, just enjoying each other's company, her head on his chest, his arm around her. And he realized how desperately lonely he had become.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|In modern times an idea can be refuted, yes, but not retracted
Scott Blagden, Dear Life, You Suck|You don't talk much, do you?" she blurted out."I didn't think there was a need. You seem to be holding up both our ends of the conversation admirably.
Edward Young|Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.
Portia Doubleday|When you go to watch a baseball game, when you go to watch an NBA game, when you watch an NFL game, when you go to watch movies, the offering that those arenas are doing foodwise is 'all the hot dogs you can eat'; all the French fries you can eat; for $20 you can eat 20 hot dogs.
Beth Kephart, Undercover|Forgiveness, which is the place that every story turns, the chance we give each other.
William Voegeli, Never Enough: America's Limitless Welfare State|Etymologically, "compassion" means to suffer together. "Together," however, is different from "identically." Compassion is not the same as selflessness, and not really the opposite of selfishness. Rather, it provides a basis for helping other people that is materially disinterested but emotionally self-regarding. As Rousseau wrote in Emile, "When the strength of an expansive soul makes me identify myself with my fellow, and I feel that I am, so to speak, in him, it is in order not to suffer that I do not want him to suffer. I am interested in him for love of myself..." Or, as Jean Bethke Elshtain has said, "Pity is about how deeply I can feel. And in order to feel this way, to experience the rush of my own pious reaction, I need victims the way an addict needs drugs.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Shepherds lift their heads,not to gaze at a new lightbut to hear angels.
Peggi Speers|Do things that count, but don't count the things you do.
David Levithan, Every Day|After a while, you have to be at peace with the fact that you simply are. There is no way to know why.
Heenashree Khandelwal, Soulmates, By Chance|As I exclaimed 'Jane! Jane! Jane!' a voice- I cannot tell whence the voice came, but I know whose voice it was- replied, 'I am coming: wait for me;' and a moment after, went whispering on the wind the words- 'Where are you?' "I'll tell you, if I can, the idea, the picture these words opened to my mind: yet it is difficult to express what I want to express. Ferndean is buried, as you see, in a heavy wood, where sound falls dull, and dies unreverberating. 'Where are you?' seemed spoken amongst mountains; for I heard a hill-sent echo repeat the words. Cooler and fresher at the moment the gale seemed to visit my brow: I could have deemed that in some wild, lone scene, I and Jane were meeting. In spirit, I believe we must have met. You no doubt were, at that hour, in unconscious sleep, Jane: perhaps your soul wandered from its cell to comfort mine; for those were your accents- as certain as I live- they were yours!" Reader, it was on Monday night- near midnight- that I too had received the mysterious summons: those were the very words by which I replied to it.(Mr. Rochester and Jane Eyre)
K. Balmont|I asked of the limitless sunshineHow to shine with the dawn's glowing light;No answer came back from the sunshine, But my soul heard a whisper, "Burn bright!
Caitlin Flanagan|At every turn, girls - even the most carefully raised and deeply loved - are surrounded by a popular culture that exhorts them to think of themselves as sexually disposable creatures.
Lady Svetlana|By the Middles Ages it was a sin to have sex with a child. If an adult were guilty of such a sin, one remedy was to declare the child a witch. The child thus became an offender who "beguiled" the adult with the power of the Evil One. Understanding this process puts a new light on the burning of witches. A Catholic bishop in Wurttemberg in the seventeenth century writes, for example, of his sadness at having presided over the burning of three hundred young girls that year and of his wonder if the church were making a mistake.
Marlon James, The Book of Night Women|It is important for a woman to have the duplicity to make good use of whatever gifts she might have, however valueless they might seem... You have to have the inner strength to pursue your goal, and not care how many enemies you make along the road. It is not easy.
T.J. Klune, Bear, Otter, and the Kid|People treat having a kid as somehow retiring from success. Quitting. Have you seen a baby? They’re pretty cute. Loving them is pretty easy. Smiling babies should actually be categorized by the pharmaceutical industry as a powerful antidepressant. Being happy is really the definition of success, isn’t it?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Let the beauty of sunrise, keep your heart warm.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|This is what it means to live on. When granted hope, a person uses it as fuel, as a guidepost to life. It is impossible to live without hope.
Samantha Shannon, The Bone Season|This was what my spirit longed to do, to wander in strange lands. It couldn't stand being trapped in one body all the time. It had wanderlust.
Tom Hodgkinson|We don't get a chance to do that many things, and every one should be really excellent. Because this is our life. Life is brief, and then you die, you know? So this is what we've chosen to do with our life.
Farid F. Ibrahim|Medicine is not a book but mind, not a business but life
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Reading was artificial borrowed life, benefiting from ideas and sensations transmitted cerebrally, acquiring the treasures of human truth by purchase or swindle, not by work.
Independent Zen|Branding is fascinating. Creating a brand that is authentic and timeless is what entrepreneurs dream of. Dare to be different, dare to dream.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|I slowly wipe my bloody hand a crossed my jacket and draw my switch blade from my pocket. I show it to him. Mutt regards it with contempt. "How is it you're thinking you'll stop e with that wee thing?" The blade snaps out audibly. Mutt would not be the largest thing to die on the slender point of it. "I don't think I'll stop you," I say. "I think that you will cut my horse and then when you come out of that stall, I will use this to cut your heart out and hand it to you.
Sherwood Anderson, Death in the Woods and Other Stories|Stories twist and turn and grow and meet and give birth to other stories. Here and there, one story touches another, and a familiar character, sometimes the hero, walks over the bridge from one story into another.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|histories of the world before our own. That was a world of empires, of corruption, of war-and more freedom than I've ever known. But the people of that time are gone, their dreams in ruin, existing only in smoke and ash.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|Oh, how unbearable is a happy person sometimes!
Ban Ki-moon|Jesus said, 'Greater things of these you shall do...' Become a peace builder, a bridge builder, not a destroyer, and the way you do that is through friendships and relationships, and through authentic character.
Avijeet Das|Last night, I was a mad man searching for a whiff of your fragrance. The stars and the moon even laughed at me.
Nikita Dudani|When you lose someone untimely; all left is never ending guilt, fear, and pain.
Romola Garai|It's great - that's the best part about being famous is that people want to get to know me. People come up to me and introduce themselves, and I make friends, and then I meet their friends. It seems like I have a very happy and comfortable social life, which is something I never had when I was younger.
Olivia Jardine, Of Bird and Wire|Write from your heart, write with blood and courage.
Anita Desai, Fire on the Mountain|At first she mistook them for sheets of pink crepe paper that someone had crumpled and carelessly flung down the hillside, perhaps after another astonishing party at the club. A moment later she remembered her great-grandmother's words and saw that they were hosts of wild pink zephyranthes that had come up in the night after the first fall of rain.
Katya Armock, To Hiss or to Kiss|Chloe, wake up. I really, really, really need to pee.”I moan and sink deeper into Jorge’s arms, pulling my hand back.“Chloe, wake up. I’m dying here. I have to pee.”Ugh, why won’t that voice go away? I crack my eyes open and see Ringo by the bed prancing around doing the doggy version of a potty dance.Ringo starts prancing toward the bedroom door. “Thank goodness. I’ve got to go.
Yael Zerubavel, Recovered Roots: Collective Memory and the Making of Israeli National Tradition|The power of collective memory does not lie in its accurate, systematic, or sophisticated mapping of the past, but in establishing basic images that articulate and reinforce a particular ideological stance.
James Stephens, The Demi-gods|He saw a square room furnished as a library. The entire section of the walls which he could spy was covered from floor to ceiling with books. There were volumes of every size, every shape, every colour. There were long, narrow books that held themselves like grenadiers at stiff attention. There were short, fat books that stood solidly like aldermen who were going to make speeches and were ashamed but not frightened. There were mediocre books bearing themselves with the carelessness of folk who are never looked at and have consequently no shyness. There were solemn books that seemed to be feeling for their spectacles; and there were tattered, important books that had got dirty because they took snuff, and were tattered because they had been crossed in love and had never married afterwards. There were prim, ancient tomes that were certainly ashamed of their heroines and utterly unable to obtain a divorce from the hussies; and there were lean, rakish volumes that leaned carelessly, or perhaps it was with studied elegance, against their neighbours, murmuring in affected tones, "All heroines are charming to us.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is a neglected but essential fact that we cannot appreciate the relationship between religion and violence unless we grasp the nature and meaning of the two partners in this relationship. Yet our understandings both of religion and of violence are inadequate. Further, we usually consider too few offspring of their troubled marriage: when we think of “religious violence,” we tend to think only of holy war and (especially since September 11) religious terrorism. However, those are not the only types of religious violence.
Suzanne Farrell|I think that once you open the door and allow people in on a certain aspect, it's very hard to then control how far that ripple effect is. So I think that the person who is known or famous has the ability to decide what they do or don't want to share.
Jennifer Donnelly, Deep Blue|Serafina, Ava, Ling, and Becca swam inside. Neela followed them, but at the very last second, shield. “I can’t,” she said. “Once I go in, there’s no way out again. This is real. You’re real. All this time, a part of me was hoping you were only a dream.”The witch cocked her head. “Only a dream?” she said mockingly. “Long ago, a great mage dreamed of stealing the gods’ powers. Abbadon was born of that dream. Atlantis died because of it. Now, because of a new dreamer, all the waters of the world may fall. There is nothing more real than a dream.” She nodded at the waters behind Neela. Silt was rising in the distance, a great deal of it. “The merman Traho knows this. He’s coming. If you do not believe me, perhaps he can convince you.
Seth Shostak|Since the Renaissance, a concept called 'progress' has been baked into our society. Progress - founded on an accumulation of knowledge through experience (and in the case of science, through experiment). To build on the past rather than endlessly relive it. That's what separates us from the beasts.
Mark Lloyd|What is freedom of expression? Without the freedom to offend, it ceases to exist.
Debasish Mridha|In your sky, you are the brightest star.Without you light, it’s dark like tar.So love yourself to enlighten others.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|The single word that directs a person’s fate and ultimately the fates of those she comes in contact with is of course a common subject of entertainments and moralizing stories, but if everyone were to consider all the possible consequences of all one’s possible choices, no one would move a millimeter, or even dare to breathe for fear of the ultimate results.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|His sensitive nature was still smarting under the lashes of an undivided and squalid way of life. His soul was still disquieted and cast down by the dull phenomenon of Dublin. He had emerged from a two years' spell of revery to find himself in the midst of a new scene, every event and figure of which affected him intimately, disheartened him or allured and, whether alluring or disheartening, filled him always with unrest and bitter thoughts. All the leisure which his school life left him was passed in the company of subversive writers whose jibes and violence of speech set up a ferment in his brain before they passed out of it into his crude writings.
Warren Buffett|I insist on a lot of time being spent, almost every day, to just sit and think. That is very uncommon in American business. I read and think. So I do more reading and thinking, and make less impulse decisions than most people in business. I do it because I like this kind of life.
Sophie Kinsella, Finding Audrey|The thing to remember about a kick is you go for his twigs and berries" ~Declan~
Michelle Dockery|What you lose in blindness is the space around you, the place where you are, and without that you might not exist. You could be nowhere at all.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|Religion is not a book, it is a neurological sentiment.
Michael Erard, Babel No More: The Search for the World's Most Extraordinary Language Learners|If you want big improvements, she said, chew gum. Gum? Sure enough, chewing gum has been shown to improve a person's immediate recall of learned words by some 24 percent. Long-term recall improves by a larger 36 percent. To get the benefit, you actually have to chew gum as you are studying; for some reason you can't merely move your jaw up and down. I also discovered that drinking sage tea increases one's recall of words modestly, as does the odor of rosemary. Something as mundane as coffee provides a benefit, too. Drinking two cups of coffee increases neuronal activity in the frontal lobe, where working memory is controlled, and in the anterior cingulum, where attention is controlled.
Claudia Gray, A Million Worlds with You|Sometimes, hope is even harder to bear than grief.
Green Day|Dogs are gonna take over the world. It's a known fact for those who believe it, kinda like the Bible.
E.R. Wade|She smiled, and his dead heart warmed.	One smile would never be enough.
Jan C. Ting|It's not that we use technology, we live technology.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If people were silent, they could hear the noise of their own lives better. If people were silent, it would make what they did say, whenever they chose to say it, more important. If people were silent, they could read one another's signals, the way underwater creatures flash lights at one another, or turn their skin different colors.
David Suchet|I was a typical Valley teen, in smoggy Van Nuys.
Dan Hancox, The Village Against The World|Economic experts tell us that the women of America spend 80 per cent of the national income, and the largest part of this expenditure is made for the necessities and the small luxuries of life.
C. JoyBell C.|The problem about cutting out the best of your heart and giving it to people, is that 1. It hurts to do that; and 2. You never know if they are going to throw it away or not. But then you should still do it. Because any other way is cowardice. At the end of the day, it's about being brave and we are only haunted by the ghosts that we trap within ourselves; we are not haunted by the ghosts that we let out. We are haunted by the ghosts that we cover and hide. So you let those ghosts out in that best piece of your heart that you give to someone. And if the other person throws it away? Or doesn't want it to begin with? Someone else will come along one day, cut out from his/her heart that exact same jagged shape that you cut out of your own heart, and make their piece of heart fit into the rest of yours. Wait for that person. And you can fill their missing piece with your soul.
Ellen J. Barrier|Its not the content nor context,rather, its the character that masses heed to.
Pervez Musharraf, In the Line of Fire|I was enraged by these heinous acts of barbarism - enraged that people who called themselves Muslims could launch an unprovoked attack on Christians or foreigners, enraged that through their vile acts these terrorists were perverting our faith, which tells us that Christians are among the "people of the Book", that we should show discernment when fighting for the cause of God and not fight those who have not harmed us, that murder and suicide are grievous sins.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|Rough love. Hard, edgy love. Love that made you bleed. Love hard to find, the kind of love you fought to keep.
Abigail Tarttelin|Why mayn't they do what men do?' the Hero cried impetuously. 'I hate that contemptible narrow-mindedness. It's that that makes the ruin and horrors I see. Why mayn't they do what men do? I like the women who are brave enough not to be hypocrites. By Heaven! if these women are bad, I like them better than a set of hypocritical creatures who are all show, and deceive you in the end.
James E. Talmage, A Beginner's Guide to Talmage|Independence is paramount and freedom holds a lot of new possibilities, if all the chances are given at the right time.
Mehmet Ali Ağca|If it's the thought that counts, then ignorance must use a calculator
Joanna Russ, We Who Are About To...|Civilization must be preserved,' says he.'Civilization's doing fine,' I said. 'We just don't happen to be where it is.
Vironika Tugaleva|I believe that the best leadership is loud authenticity. That is what the world needs now. We don’t need more plastic, Photoshooped perfection. I don’t want people to look at me and wish they could be me. I want people to look at me and see their own potential. I want people to be more accepting of their own failures, imperfections, and struggles because they watch me accept of my own.
Kate Winslet|My dad liked to boil a squirrel head and suck the brains out the nose. Smaller than a chicken, bigger than a rat.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Education is a cycle of reading, thinking and writing.
Deyth Banger|You don't care for anybody... you just do it for attention, isn't it true?
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Don’t be fearless, but tame your fears, and stop at nothing.
Debasish Mridha|Never ever work! Do everything for fun. Remember, life is for joy!
Dada Bhagwan|What fear do you have? You, yourself are the absolute Self! If absolute-Self becomes fearful, then the whole universe will have fear! ‘We’ are on the other side of the prakruti [relative self’s world].
Isadora  Duncan|It has taken me years of struggle, hard work, and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence.
Amelia Fisher|They still live. They breathe, they love each other, they find joy in the world around them for no other reason than because they are children. They are resilient. They will always rise above. Always. It is a curious facet of the innocent young.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Claims that cannot be tested, assertions immune to disproof are veridically worthless, whatever value the may have in inspiring us or in exciting our sense of wonder.
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger: Die letzten Geheimnisse der Illuminaten oder An den Grenzen des erweiterten Bewusstseins|Belief in the traditional sense, or certitude, or dogma, amounts to the grandiose delusion, "My current model" -- or grid, or map, or reality-tunnel -- "contains the whole universe and will never need to be revised." In terms of the history of science and knowledge in general, this appears absurd and arrogant to me, and I am perpetually astonished that so many people still manage to live with such a medieval attitude.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|For whatever reason, there are people we like and people we don't like. It's hard to say why, and often a difficult opinion to change. Luckily, there's no steadfast rule stating that we must like everyone. But to keep from disliking ourselves, we should develop the good character to treat everyone kindly whether or not we deem them deserving.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Add a fresh twist of creativity to make a stellar impression which people won’t soon forget. Granted, your venue will determine how far you can stretch and how creative you can be. Making small tweaks to your conversation starters can make a memorable impact!
Terry Pratchett|If the system turns away from the abuses inflicted on the guilty, then who can be next but the innocents?
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|A man needs to feel powerful and respected. Innately within us, as far back as we can remember, we have taught ourselves to grand stand in our abilities to be tough, to conquer, to impress and to win in all aspects of our lives in order to be validated by others and in doing so we have built our conceptual house of self on the sand of societal opinion. Yet, ironically, it’s only when a man finds his true strength in humility, in its purest sense, will he ever experience what genuine power and respect feels like. The man who builds his conceptual house of self on the rock of unpretentious decorum simply needs no validation outside of his creator. He is who he is…and for all intense and purposes that is the only respectable power any man should ever seek.
Eoin Colfer, Airman|‪Am I dead? Is this heaven? No, I can't be. I'm realizing this as I process my second sensation: discomfort. I turn my head. Ooh, a TV. Maybe it is heaven.
Luce Irigaray, Way of Love|Gender roles suck," says Swift Fox.Then you should stop playing them, thinks Toby.
Lynn Coady|We should all have the legal right to purchase health insurance from any insurance company in any state, and we should be able use that insurance wherever we live. Health insurance should be portable.
Adam Selzer, I Kissed a Zombie, and I Liked It|Elizabeth: "Maybe he'll surprise you."Meghann: "Birdie, they all surprise me. Last week, I hugged my date at the door and felt a bra strap.
Kahlil Gibran|Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,That we may record our emptiness.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|The cruise was the conduit for what would become my third book. While I was traveling and writing for ctnow.com, women across the United States and from the Caribbean emailed not to ask about my geographic journey but my existential one. “How do you find the courage to travel on your own?” they wondered. “How do you keep from getting lonely? Don’t you feel self-conscious eating out alone?” After the first 30 emails like these I thought, There’s a book here. It would be eight years before I published Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road. But the inspiration for publication came during the cruise.
Agatha Christie, The Clocks|What an absurdity to go and bury oneself in South America, where they are always having revolutions.
George Gordon Byron, Don Juan|Tis strange,-but true; for truth is always strange;Stranger than fiction: if it could be told,How much would novels gain by the exchange!How differently the world would men behold!
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|God only knew what ran underneath the fierce self-discipline and emotional control that had come with my upbringing. But the cracks were there, I knew it, and they frightened me.
Shakira|Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians. It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|When the Fox hears the Rabbit scream he comes a-runnin', but not to help.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|The word 'heresy' not only means no longer being wrong; it practically means being clear-headed and courageous. The word 'orthodoxy' not only no longer means being right; it practically means being wrong. All this can mean one thing, and one thing only. It means that people care less for whether they are philosophically right. For obviously a man ought to confess himself crazy before he confesses himself heretical.
Kay Mills, A Place in the News: From the Women's Pages to the Front Page|I have seen enormous changes. I have not seen enough change. I, too, can hardly wait.
Jean Dubuffet|What is it about your race that none of you can seem to properly weigh your own value? Every human seems to think more of herself than she should, or less of herself than is sensible!
Anastasia Lily, Master of the Universe:  Classical Favorites- Ana's Piano- BACH|Bach's simple and basic themes ultimately engage and appeal to my adolescent side while the seemingly complex arrangements, though perhaps patronizingly in some cases, also reflect my juvenile perception of what looks and sounds 'grown-up,' intelligent, refined and sophisticated. There were few composers and musicians in my youth that I could say understood me and really got me, almost all were classical. J. S. Bach was one one of them.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I feel like oversized trousers on sale, not even made of good material, that no one wants to buy. They just hang in there hoping that someone someday will compromise for its low cost.
Elliott Abrams|I saw Kuwait many times before the war. I remember it as a beautiful place, full of very nice people, and it's a tragedy to see that somebody could set out to deliberately destroy a country the way the Iraqis have.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|If you ask Muslim women why they cover up, ninety-nine percent of them will say it's to avoid arousing men. Fuck that, where's your self-accountability?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I think you have every right to cherry-pick when it comes to moving your spirit and finding peace in God. You take whatever works from wherever you can find it, and you keep moving toward the light.
Destin Bays, True Love|You've done proper already, and it hasn't worked. It's time you do dirty.
Barbara Becker Holstein|there's a blessing ;even when you lose That ; There's always stay inside Your Heart, Memories That You'll never Been Forgotten Until the Rest Of Your Life ; mine?; There's inside My Heaven "Miquel Andre" .
Sui Ishida|NOIT'S NO ONE'S FAULTBack then, what I really resented was my own powerless self. my tiny little self. and my tiny little heart.too small to hold all that emotion, so it had to shift the blame onto someone else.but now I'm grown. I'VE COME FOR YOU. I'LL HOLD IT ALL.Kuki Urie
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|With a well-organized life, you have a higher chance of success and excellence in your area of calling and whatever you find yourself doing.
Alfred Russel Wallace|So that godly sorrow may be discerned by this train of graces wherewith it is accompanied, that worldly sorrow wants, at least in the truth of them, though it may have some shadows of them.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|Strange, is it not, how even those of us who scoff at divine intervention will fall to our knees and clasp our hands the moment we realize our futures are defined by uncertainty and hazard. A thoughtful man would never leave his knees. A wise man would never drop to them. In any case, it wasn’t really a prayer, but one does like to follow convention now and then.
Rakesh Ranjan, Requiem: Will the Dead Come Back for Love?|When you forget what you ultimately stand for, you rejoice in blinding ignorance. Missing the bigger picture for the near pleasure is what humans and all living beings stand for. I guess there is no alternate way either. Because it is after all a game that all are destined to play until they end up dead.
Saaif Alam|If we have no form of cognitive learning, our knowledge is empty with the absence of words in our mind for us to speak read and write in the language we communicate to others in our daily lives. Also, we will not have the ability to mature ourselves emotionally and physically , which can prevent us from living in a healthy life, if cognitive leaning does not take place at all in our lives.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|...if you do the job no one wants, you might eventually get the job everybody wants. But you have to be willing to climb the ladder, starting with the bottom rung.
P.G. Wodehouse|If you pursue this road that you've embarked upon, you will eventually come to moral decisions that will take you completely by surprise
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|You almost threw it back!' she repeated, and her voice filled with mock horror.'You foolish boy! Are you always so careless with items of value?''No,' he said, abruptly sober. 'I know what matters. And I never throw those things away. I hold on to them as long as I can.
Kathryn Holmes|Nick bumps my shoulder with his, playfully. He kicks up some extra snow on purpose, whishing it onto my knees.“You’re lucky you’re cute,” I tell him.“Really?”“Especially with that doggy breath.”He scoops up some snow, makes it into a ball, bounces his hand up and down. “Take that back.”I giggle. “Nope.”I bend down to grab some snow and topple headfirst. The cold of it bites into my cheeks. I try to push myself up, but I can’t. I’m all awkward and clumsy with the snowshoes on.Nick laughs.I struggle some more.He grabs me under my arms and hauls me up. Smiling, he sticks out his tongue, and with tiny little movements starts licking the snow off my cheeks. It should be disgusting. It’s not. It’s all warm, and good feeling, and amazing. I close my eyes and let him.“You smell good,” he whispers.“I haven’t showered.”“Doesn’t matter, you smell good.”His voice, sensual and warm, mellows me.Our lips touch and part, touch again. I breathe him in. He moves his face away a little and studies me. I smile. I can’t help it.“I like you,” I say. “A lot. Even with the whole werewolf thing.”He smiles back. “I like you too.”“A lot?”“Mm-hmm,” he says, leaning in for another kiss. “A wicked lot.
Margaret Fuller|It would be doing me great injustice to think that I have any feeling of indifference to my country; I have more reason than anyone to feel, every day of my life, the value of the blood which flows in my veins, and it is only from prudence that at times I abstain from showing how proud I am of it.
Debasish Mridha|Tenderness of heart and kindness of the soul are not signs of weakness, but they are signs of inner strength.
Mike Gayle, My Legendary Girlfriend|I never trusted the women i was involved with to tell the truth,because the truth never changes,but as i knew so well,people did.I knew it wasn't everyone,some women did have staying power,but it was impossible to tell which ones they were.Women should have come labelled-it would have made life so much simpler.
Bill Graham|Our days are numbered. One of the primary goals in our lives should be to prepare for our last day. The legacy we leave is not just in our possessions, but in the quality of our lives. What preparations should we be making now? The greatest waste in all of our earth, which cannot be recycled or reclaimed, is our waste of the time that God has given us each day.
Julia Stiles|I am endlessly fascinated that playing football is considered a training ground for leadership, but raising children isn't. Hey, it made me a better leader: you have to take a lot of people's needs into account; you have to look down the road. Trying to negotiate getting a couple of kids to watch the same TV show requires serious diplomacy.
Judith Hill|When I was in high school, my friends and I would drive out into the country to abandoned houses and structures... haha... to ghost hunt. We would scare each other so bad! We would sometimes camp out by the abandoned buildings just to scare ourselves! Such good times. The adrenaline of real fear is so cool!
Emil M. Cioran|Man starts over again everyday, in spite of all he knows, against all he knows.
Erich Fromm, The Revolution of Hope: Toward a Humanized Technology|Most of us hoped to be able to trust. When we were little we did not yet know the human invention of the lie - not only that of lying with words but that of lying with one's voice, one's gesture, one's eyes, one's facial expression. How should the child be prepared for this specifically human ingenuity: the lie? Most of us are awakened, some more and some less brutally, to the fact that people often do not mean what they say or say the opposite of what they mean. And not only "people," but the very people we trusted most - our parents, teachers, leaders.
Michael Tyler, The Skin You Live In|Love is not love which alters it when alteration finds, or bends with the remover to remove: O no! It is an ever fixed mark that looks on tempests and is never shaken; it is the star to every wandering bark whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks within his bending sickle's compass come: Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, but bears it out, even to the edge of 
Nicole Richie|The older you get, the more you realize you need a handful of good, close, tight friends.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|If one proceeds philosophically before proceeding poetically, and this is central to the philosopher, pleasure is crushed, But if one begins by having pleasure, it is like knowing how to swim: one never forgets it [Clarice Lispector, The Stream of Life, trans Elizabeth Lowe & Earl Fitz, Foreword by Hélène Cixous trans Verena Conley, Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1989].
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|The institution of teachership is there for this reason, that the learner must learn how to learn.
Shelly Crane, Wide Open|Lying on my bed, my brain cyclones with thoughts of men and boys and boys and men. All making the wrong choices.
|No matter how disappointing you believe your life currently is, it is never too late to start reshaping it to become an amazing testimony.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|I lean against my sister's shoulder. "I thought lightning wasn't supposed to strike in the same place twice.""Sure it does," Izzy tells me. "But only if you're too dumb to move.
Penelope Quest, Reiki for Life: A Complete Guide to Reiki Practice|If you want to ask one question, ask yourself, what are you giving to the universe and only that will be returned.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Choose your friends carefully but don’t worry about your enemies, they will choose you
John Burroughs|Ounce for ounce, herbs and spices have more antioxidants than any other food group.
Lorraine Stutzman Amstutz, The Little Book of Restorative Discipline for Schools: Teaching Responsibility; Creating Caring Climates|No one likes to feel used. When the perceived focus becomes the content over the person, people feel used. When teachers are valued only for the test scores of their students, they feel used. When administrators are "successful" only when they achieve "highly effective school" status, they feel used. Eventually, "used" people lose joy in learning and teaching. Curriculum does not teach; teachers do. Standards don't encourage; administrators do. Peaceable schools value personnel and students for who they are as worthy human beings. ... If your mission statement says you care, then specific practices of care should be habits within your school.
Tahereh Mafi|Dear, sweet, beautiful girl,
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr. Wrong|If we are always pushing away from feelings that we condemn as wrong, painful, or ugly, we are also pushing away from the very energy that can bring us incredible joy and ecstasy.
Georgette Heyer, The Talisman Ring|Kope!” the other guy yeled. “What the frick?! You got some cheetah blood in you or what?”“Seriously!” insisted Blake. “How did you run so fast?”“I am African.” Without taking his eyes from mine, Kopano eased himself off me, and I sat up.
Bruce Golden|The trouble with women is, they all become bossy in the end, like they think they own you. There's nothing I loathe more than a bossy woman. Hell, there have been times I made up my mind to give up women completely-go cold turkey. Fortunately the rest of my body never agrees. That demon pow-whammy keeps calling me back.
A.D. Posey|Cry while writing it, and readers will cry while reading it.
Ashutosh Naliapara|I don't need you, I don't need your shitty false love, I got someone more beautiful, someone more trustworthy, someone who encourages me at every damn point in my life, someone who builds me hell strong, you know who that is, that's pain, and pain loves to be loved, and it loves me back a million times greater. It don't do shit lke you, It don't break my heart, It don't give a goddamn fuck for anyone but just cares hell for me, and I love it because it'll never leave me.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It is not enough to take good decisions and make good choices. It is necessary to take heed and comply with whatever you plan and that can only happen by the influence of the Lord God, the giver of your dreams.
Sia|I don't want to be famous or recognizable. I don't want to be critiqued about the way that I look on the Internet... I've been writing pop songs for pop stars for a couple years and see what their lives are like, and that's just not something I want.
Deyth Banger|You won't write, won't ya??I just focus on the negative!
Søren Kierkegaard|Love is everything. So, for one who loves, everything has ceased to have meaning in itself and only means something through the interpretation love gives it. Thus if another betrothed became convinced there was some other girl he cared for, he would presumably stand there like a criminal and his fiancée be outraged. You, however, I know would see a tribute in such a confession; for me to be able to love another you know is an impossibility; it is my love for you casting its reflections over the whole of life. So when I care about someone else, it is not to convince myself that I do not love her but only you—that would be presumptuous; but since my whole soul is filled with you, life takes on another meaning for me: it becomes a myth about you."—Johannes the Seducer, from_Either/Or_
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Another glorious feature of many modern science museums is a movie theater showing IMAX or OMNIMAX films. In some cases the screen is ten stories tall and wraps around you. The Smithsonian's National Air & Space Museu, the popular museum on Earth, has premiered in its Langley Theater some of the best of these films. 'To Fly' brings a catch to my throat even after five or six viewings. I've seen religious leaders of many denominations witness 'Blue Planet' and be converted on the spot to the need to protect the Earth's environment
Sonja Yoerg, The Middle of Somewhere|Courage lays within easy reach of a child who knows nothing of how easily understanding can unravel, leaving a set of rules that apply to nothing, and an empty heart.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|The truth is usually left for us to hunt and gather independently, if we are so inclined.
Andy Murray|Successful people have a bigger fear of failure than people who've never done anything because if you haven't been successful, then you don't know how it feels to lose it all.
Frederick Barthelme, Elroy Nights|But if someone had slowed him down, just slightly interrupted his course, maybe he could have gotten through that one nightmarish moment; maybe he would never get that close to it again.
|The problem with a lot of nations, is that they keep trying to move forward with backward agendas.
Rudyard Kipling|Liberty and equality are captivating sounds, but they often captivate to destroy.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|The Master said, “The gentleman does not serve as a vessel.”(Analects 2.12)
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is contempt/scornful rejection and slander, there wealth will not remain.
Abhijit Naskar|Even though the advocates of feminism gladly use the term to refer to equality between man and woman, the common human brain is not capable of perceiving such equality beyond the gender bias of the very word. It'll be same as using Man to refer to both genders. Hence, the only words suitable in this scenario are Humanism and Human, rather than Feminism and Man.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Garry Shandling|If I were not African, I wonder whether it would be clear to me that Africa is a place where the people do not need limp gifts of fish but sturdy fishing rods and fair access to the pond. I wonder whether I would realize that while African nations have a failure of leadership, they also have dynamic people with agency and voices.
Debasish Mridha|Oh, my beauty!Oh, my reflection of life!Oh, my unmet desires!I am longing for youtor now and forever!
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Look back, and smile on perils past!
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|I tell Allah I love Him immensely, immensely. But I tell Him I cannot be better, because of how the world is.
Tia Walker, The Inspired Caregiver: Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|In the heart or every caregiver is a knowing that we are all connected. As I do for you, I do for me.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Discipline, not the Muse, results in productivity. If you write only when she beckons, your writing is not yours at all.
Poem 506 by Irynka|Parched by the deprivation of your love for so long made me forget what a cup brimming with love, on my lips, felt like. Everything that now wets it, only wrinkles it with a bland taste.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|We have everything we need to be happy but we aren't happy. Something is missing...It is not books you need, it's some of the things that are in books. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.
Rick Ferreira|Life: You either play the hand you're dealt, or fold.....I choose to play.~Rick Ferreira
Holly Black, The Darkest Part of the Forest|The whole people must take upon themselves the education of the whole people, and must be willing to bear the expense of it," [John] Adams wrote. "There should not be a district of one mile square, without a school in it, not founded by a charitable individual, but maintained at the public expense of the people themselves." Jefferson's fear was that without such a system of public education, the country would end up being ruled by a privileged elite that would recycle itself through a network of private institutions that entrenched their advantage.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are a product of your environment, but to be great your environment has to be a product of you.
Dave Barry|I think body-image issues are not just a dancer thing. I think we're much more in tune and aware because the body is our instrument and art, and we stare at ourselves in a mirror all day, but I feel like it's something that every woman experiences and every girl experiences.
Max Born, Natural Philosophy of Cause and Chance|There are two objectionable types of believers: those who believe the incredible, and those who believe that 'belief' must be discarded and replaced by 'the scientific method'.
Sudhir Ahluwalia, Holy Herbs : Modern Connections to Ancient Plants|Has anyone done research on herbs, trees and vegetation referred to in the Bible? Share your thoughts.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|And we kissed again. It was a warm, indescribably lovely feeling. But it was more than just physical. It was a dialogue between two young people with high ideals and a Big Plan. It was about belonging, secrets, partnership, commitment.
Latika Teotia|Know, accept and make peace with you own self to live soulfully.
Martin R. Lemieux|Culturally, one of the best arguments we can make is, wait and see.
Oswald Chambers|You say  "But He has not answered." He has  He is so near to you that His silence is the answer. His silence is big with terrific meaning that you cannot understand yet  but presently you will.
M.F. Moonzajer|Across the oceans, in the middle of the rivers and at the peak of mountains; nothing can ever change my feelings for you.
A.E. Samaan, H.H. Laughlin: American Scientist, American Progressive, Nazi Collaborator|People, imperfect and corruptible are society's building blocks. Political theories evading this reality are a catastrophe in waiting.
Robin Leach|There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared; never give up; and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!
Ana Plascencia|He taught me to fight, to defend myself, to stand up for what I believe in, and protect people I love. I thanked him for that lesson after that weekend in New Orleans when some guy put his hands on Delia, and I had to tear him apart.
G.S. Jennsen, Abysm|It’s called the Pyxis,” said Raven. “Don’t let the fancy name intimidate you. It just means ‘box’ in one of those Old Earth languages, Roman or Spanish or Klingon…
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|If the universe is infinite, then every possibility must exist in reality, yes?
Katrina Monroe, Reaper|If you achieve good results using a poor method, isn't that a much greater achievement than starting from better methods.
Debasish Mridha|O my love! In this loveless world, you are my world.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|It is not that we have a short space of time, but that we waste much of it. Life is long enough, and it has been given in sufficiently generous measure to allow the accomplishment of the very greatest things if the whole of it is well invested. But when it is squandered in luxury and carelessness, when it is devoted to no good end, forced at last by the ultimate necessity we perceive that it has passed away before we were aware that it was passing.
Debasish Mridha|When a baby is born here on earth, a star is born in the sky.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Here's what I think, Mr. Wind-Up Bird," said May Kasahara. "Everybody's born with some different thing at the core of their existence. And that thing, whatever it is, becomes like a heat source that runs each person from the inside. I have one too, of course. Like everybody else. But sometimes it gets out of hand. It swells or shrinks inside me, and it shakes me up. What I'd really like to do is find a way to communicate that feeling to another person. But I can't seem to do it. They just don't get it. Of course, the problem could be that I'm not explaining it very well, but I think it's because they're not listening very well. They pretend to be listening, but they're not, really. So I get worked up sometimes, and I do some crazy things.
Michael Foreman|As soon as you try to describe a close friendship, it loses something.
Lauren Groff, Delicate Edible Birds and Other Stories|But my best friend from college was silent for a long time. She, of all of my friends, had seen the parade of sad wrecks through my life, date after bad date after bad boyfriend. She was the one who'd picked up the pieces after the musician, the investment banker, the humanitarian who was human to everyone but me.When at last she spoke, she said, Oh, hell.And, after that: Hallelujah.
Neil Young|You can't write about the past and ignore religion. It was such a fundamental, mind-shaping, driving force for pre-modern societies. I'm very interested in what religion does to us - its capacity to create love and empathy or hatred and violence.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life|I've learned that I have to stop equating saying yes with being a good person. I think I am being good when I say yes to everything, but saying yes to something I cannot live up to leads to bitterness and disappointment.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|...there was no guilt in his face, no doubt, nothing but the calm of an inviolate self-confidence.
Faydra D. Fields, 30 Quotes 30 Days, Volume 1|Letting go is impossible when you're holding a grudge." -Faydra D. Fields
Amanda Craig|It’s unthinkable, now to live as her parents had done, going to work from nine to five and enjoying the benefits of the newly-formed health and education services. What paradise it had seemed! Now, in order to pay their exorbitant mortgages, and ever more exorbitant fuel prices, British adults have to work long hours – the longest, it is said, in Europe… Everyone they know, everyone they see, is just like them, living in houses like these, reading the same papers, seeing the same films and TV programmes and plays, buying from the same shops and sending their children to the same schools; and they think it will go on for ever, either ever-mounting property prices cushioning them. But it can’t.
Leo Tolstoy|Conversation should be like juggling; up go the balls and plates, up and over, in and out, good solid objects that glitter in the footlights and fall with a bang if you miss them.
Plato|I needed to know, Jesse. I needed to get inside his head. To find this son of a bitch, I need to get inside his head.” - Stephanie Carovella
Donna Lynn Hope|If there had once been a chance and there had once been love, then it will still be there in spite of time and obstacles. If you can get past that, you can get past a lot.
Soman Chainani, The School for Good and Evil|She had always found villains more exciting than heroes. They had ambition, passion. They made the stories happen. Villains didn't fear death. No, they wrapped themselves in death like suits of armor! As she inhaled the school's graveyard smell, Agatha felt her blood rush. For like all villains, death didn't scare her. It made her feel alive.
Anthony Marra, The Tsar of Love and Techno|Cursed, cursed creator! Why did I live? Why, in that instant, did I not extinguish the spark of existence which you had so wantonly bestowed?
Samuel J Dixey, An evening in Autumn: The unbegotten procession|Oyin Da’s mind is as elegant as a French horn, thoughts moving in whorls and evoking fresh mint leaves.
Albert Einstein|Is it not better for a man to die for a cause in which he believes, such as peace, than to suffer for a cause in which he does not believe, such as war?
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|I am not afraid of the possibility of finding intelligent life in the universe, I am afraid of the possibility of them finding us
Michael Salter|I obeyed, but my crime was that I did not look obedient.
Imran Khan|The true saint goes in and out amongst the people and eats and sleeps with them and buys and sells in the market and marries and takes part in social intercourse, and never forgets God for a single moment.
Luanne Rice, Summer of Roses|The music never leaves. Once you have it, you can't lose it.
Gabe Newell|The most important relationship you have in life is the one you have with yourself. And then after that, I'd say once you have that, it may be hard work, but you can actually design your life.
Paul Goodman|The geniuses of all ages and of all lands speak different languages but the same flame burns in them all. Oh, if you only knew what unearthly happiness my soul feels now from being able to understand them.
Albert Schweitzer|True philosophy must start from the most immediate and comprehensive fact of consciousness: 'I am life that wants to live, in the midst of life that wants to live
Mario Botta|Church architecture describes visually the idea of the sacred, which is a fundamental need of man.
Timothy Joshua|My love,you are all the flowers in the worldand I promise that my heart will always be your garden.
J.A. Redmerski, Dirty Eden|The conversation was mesmerizing, not for its content but for the cadences of the talk, the rhythm we fell into when we were alone, now as before. Every conversation between friends or lovers creates its own easy or awkward rhythms, hidden talk that runs like a subterranean river under even the most banal exchange.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|Nothing before its time, son. Everything in its own time, to its own schedule.
Angela Carter, The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman|MINISTER: All he has done is to find some means of bewitching the intelligence. He has only induced a radical suspension of disbelief. As in the early days of the cinema, all the citizens are jumping through the screen to lay their hands on the naked lady in the bathtub!AMBASSADOR: And yet, in fact, their fingers touch flesh.MINISTER: They believe they do. Yet all they touch is substantial shadow.AMBASSADOR: And what a beautiful definition of flesh! You know I am only substantial shadow, Minister, but if you cut me, I bleed. Touch me, I palpitate!
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|Who you are contributes to your poetry in a number of important ways, but you shouldn't identify with your poems so closely that when they are cut, you're the one that bleeds.
Debasish Mridha|Freedom from a tyrant is easy, but freedom from societal conformity is difficult.
Helen Hollick, The Forever Queen|Leofgifu was skeptical, but then she always was with men. None of them could be trusted; they covered you in kisses and promises, then vanished, leaving nothing but a torn heart, and ofttimes a swelling belly.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When we ourselves are not truly in a place of peace and we go out and try to create peace in the world, it becomes a fragmented and sometimes even corrupt form of peace. This happens because only peace can create peace, and unless we are the embodiment of it, we are projecting our bias of what peace should look like onto other people’s lives. To be at peace means to accept reality as is. Embodying peace is, in fact, the very essence of what it means to be free, as well as offering this freedom to others.
Alin Sav|People who speak less, they usually pray a lot. I think that a great nation is a nation of prayer.
Sunday Adelaja|Each of us has our destination and target, but when we ignore it, we are used for purposes other than for what we were actually intended
Anatole Broyard, Kafka Was the Rage: A Greenwich Village Memoir|I realize that people still read books now and some people actually love them, but in 1946 in the Village our feelings about books--I’m talking about my friends and myself--went beyond love. It was as if we didn’t know where we ended and books began. Books were our weather, our environment, our clothing. We didn’t simply read books; we became them. We took them into ourselves and made them into our histories. While it would be easy to say that we escaped into books, it might be truer to say that books escaped into us. Books were to us what drugs were to young men in the sixties.They showed us what was possible. We had been living with whatever was close at hand, whatever was given, and books took us great distances. We had known only domestic emotions and they showed us what happens to emotions when they are homeless. Books gave us balance--the young are so unbalanced that anything can make them fall. Books steadied us; it was as if we carried a heavy bag of them in each hand and they kept us level. They gave us gravity.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Apologizing is different from begging, it doesn't change your status, go ahead and get on your knees, spill tears if you got it, for the person you offended, if at all you had a place in their hearts, you'll be totally forgiven and accepted.
Jim George, The Remarkable Prayers of the Bible|You must nurture a close walk with God through prayer, because humility’s strength is grounded in God.
Kiran  Joshi|Neither words can bring you back... I know now,as I have triedNot the tears... I know now, as I have cried
Deray Ogden|It is a sweet thing that we serve a dissatisfied God who has destinations in mind for us that we would never choose for ourselves. It really is a good thing that he will not be satisfied until he has gotten us exactly where he created us and re-created us to be. Most of us would have been satisfied to stay at home, and many of us would have quit the journey long before it was completed. But our heavenly Father won't give up until each one of his children has completed the journey.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Clinging to the rags I had left, I gazed out upon the full breadth of the Furnace and shook at what I saw.The world had been wiped clean of all trace of humanity. Sharp sandstone peaks protruded into the gray sky like a humped backbone, spilling into vast seas of sand on either side. Boulders and driftwood, the castaways of some bygone mountain, cast the only disruption upon the land. And I realized—no sun crossed the sky; there was only constant, lingering grayness.
Taylin Clavelli, Secret Of The Manor|Despite the modern equipment we sell, it's old money that funds it, and old money doesn't always have a modern brain attached to it.
Gwendolyn Brooks|Sympathy constitutes friendship; but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God works by means; and it is by his people that he principally carries on his cause in the world. They are his witnesses. They are his servants. He first makes them the subjects of his grace, and then the mediums. He first turns them from rebels into friends, and then employs them to go and beseech others to be reconciled unto God. For they know the wretchedness of a state of alienation from him. They know the blessedness of a return. They have "tasted that the Lord is gracious." Their own experience gives them earnestness and confidence in saying to those around them, "O taste, and see that the Lord is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To hear how great your friends think you are: fake your death, or, get married.
James Hogg|When love is not madness, it is not love...
William Shakespeare|I don't think it will ever be too late for her, that she still holds out hope that one day he'll see what he left for never replaced what he gave up.
C.D. Wright|Almost none of the poetries I admire stick to their labels, native or adopted ones. Rather, they are vagrant in their identifications. Tramp poets, there you go, a new label for those with unstable allegiances.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|When he opened his eyes again, all words escaped him. He had seen her just a second ago and yet his eyes were unprepared for the beauty they saw. Her face was perfect.Her cheeks were still flushed from the excitement. It was the same face he could not wait to see every morning; the same cheeks he had kissed every day for the past four weeks. “You’re not good for me,” he whispered.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|They didn’t speak as the sun slowly sank before them. Why was it most colorful when it was about to vanish for the night? Was it angry at being forced belong the horizon? Or was it a showman, giving a performance before retiring?Why was the most colorful part of people’s bodies—the brightness of their blood—hidden beneath the skin, never to be seen unless something went wrong?
Jonathan Kozol|My feeling, based on my own experience, is that aiming for grandiosity is the fastest route to failure.
Hillary Clinton|If you are approachable, if you keep your line of communication open, then very often, you get to hear what you need to hear.
Joseph Smith, Jr.|There is the sky, which is all men's together.
Kate Lattey, Dare to Dream|The future hovered in front of her, and she rode Cruise towards it, her hands steady on the reins and her head among the clouds.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|Raped at age nine by a relative and pregnant at 14 Oprah Winfrey,like many others have experienced the wickedness and brutality ofour society. Sadly, it’s an environment where blood lines no longerhold.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Some people, they can't just move on, you know, mourn and cry and be done with it. Or at least seem to be. But for me... I don't know. I didn't want to fix it, to forget. It wasn't something that was broken. It's just...something that happened. And like that hole, I'm just finding ways, every day, of working around it. Respecting and remembering and getting on at the same time. 
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|My God, what a sensation to be an atom in the scheme of such grandiosity. The allurement, the jazz, and the physics of it all . . .
Jane Wilson-Howarth, A Glimpse of Eternal Snows: A Journey of Love and Loss in the Himalayas|Because through the heavy water, I heard the sound of an angel calling my name, calling me to the only heaven I wanted.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The Law of Attraction takes into account all of your doubts. So, if you say you practice the Law of Attraction yet always carry an extra parachute with a Plan B, C, & D for those ‘just in case’ scenarios… you may be tricking yourself into believing that you believe when, in actuality, you are quite insecure. If you always have a backup plan ready – though it may come off as ‘prepared’ and ‘smart’ – it also implies that you do not fully trust that Spirit will always provide.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|We're too practical, I guess. You've got to be something of a dreamer to enjoy books
Sunday Adelaja|Do as I do, not as I say -- observance often tells me more.
Eileen Wilks, Mortal Ties|Death cuts off possibilities. Even if they were possibilities you never meant to act on, it feels differentwhen they’re gone.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|A society where feminine beauty is defined not by the human self on genuine intellectual and sentimental grounds, but by a computer software on the grounds of economic interest, is more dead than alive. It is a society of human bodies, not human beings.
Jonathan Goldstein, Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bible!|Don't call what isn't prophecy "prophecy." Don't say "the Lord told me" if you're not about to quote a Bible verse.
Nicolas Chamfort|Rise above sectional interests and private ambitions, and learn to determine the value of your individual and collective action, however directed on material ends, in the light of the ideal which you are supposed to represent. Pass from matter to spirit. Matter is diversity; spirit is light, life and unity.
J. D. Salinger|Usually when you see females in movies, they feel like they have these metallic structures around them, they are caged in by male energy.
Frank Zappa|I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
Sigmund Freud|I begin to feel like most Americans don't understand the First Amendment, don't understand the idea of freedom of speech, and don't understand that it's the responsibility of the citizen to speak out.
Isobel Starling, Illuminate the Shadows|Kat didn’t get it when it came to the whole Thanksgiving thing. She didn’t think she belonged or was a part of us. She had no idea that she was beginning to mean more to me than…Well, than anyone else that was going to be here on Thanksgiving. And that was dangerous. Potentially stupid. Risky. Also exhilarating.Thrilling.
William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell|Now let's take up the minorities in our civilisation, shall we? Bigger the population, the more minorities. Don't step on the toes of the dog-lovers, the cat-lovers, doctors, lawyers, merchants, chiefs, Mormons, Baptists, Unitarians, second-generation Chinese, Swedes, Italians, Germans, Texans, Brooklynites, Irishmen, people from Oregon or Mexico. The people in this book, this play, this TV serial are not meant to represent any actual painters, cartographers, mechanics anywhere. The bigger your market, Montag, the less you handle controversy, remember that!
Gori Suture, Asphyxia -- A Smut Saga, Vol. 1|Sometimes, Nathaniel, friends can be like nice boots on a drowning man.
Laura Dern|The work ethic at art school is completely different than the work ethic amongst people who get into music. People who paint, it's an honorable thing to spend all day and all night in front of your canvas - that is the romantic vision of the painter.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|There comes a point when you can only sweep so much under the rug, 'til you feel lumps under your feet and your path seems to become less comfortable.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When you pick up the cross of unpopularity, wherever you may be, you will find God’s grace is there, more than sufficient to meet your every need.
Richard Dawkins, An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist|If you work hard, you will be rewarded at the end of the day.
Ilchi Lee, Magos Dream: Meeting with the Soul of the Earth|If you Love Happy Life,Save EARTH from getting more dirty & abused.I will be GREEN again … Tree's inner voice
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I'm seventeen today and dressed for a party. But I can't move. I can't think, much less move. I can't breathe, much less think. This is the moment when my life will change forever.
Tsem Tulku Rinpoche, 108 Ways to Grab My Apples|Give Happiness, Patience, kindness, and Care, and the PAIN goes away.Then only LOVE remains...
Margaret Mead|If you want to have clean ideas, change them as often as your shirt.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|The nights were long, like the braids of a pretty girl, and the days were short, like a girl's sense. ("The North")
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|You may have sought and tried to obtain instant godliness. There is no such thing....We want somebody to give us three easy steps to godliness, and we'll take them next Friday and be godly. The trouble is, godliness doesn't come that way.~Jay Adams~
John Geddes|Groves, with his eye for sizing up people who could get things done, saw the deep ambition Oppenheimer covered with his surface charm.
Nikki Rowe|I guess it's human nature to question yourself, to question why all the pain has had to happen? sometimes there isn't any answers it just is what it is and how we make ourselves feel and see through that, is what will determine how we move forward.
Ashton Applewhite, This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism|He began to talk about the fact that race was not only a construct but a scientific error along the magnitude of the error that the world was flat. . . 'And when they discover their mistake, I mean, truly discover it, it'll be as big as when they learned the world was, in fact, round. It'll open up a whole new world. And nothing will ever be the same.
SYL|The moral high ground is a lovely place. It won’t stop a missile, though. It won’t alter the trajectory of a gauss round.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I may not like everyone but love all. No one is worthy of occupying my heart. You scored a point, so what? Congratulations. You're forgiven!
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|A person's last moments are an important thing. You can't choose how you're born, but you can choose how to die.
Kate Reardon|Beauty, to me, is kind, generous, and people that are humble.
Carolina De Robertis, Perla|Books were already a familiar refuge, after all, and they still took me in without the slightest judgment. They don’t close to you the way a person can. You might feel as though you don’t belong anywhere, least of all in your own home, you might feel bound to a person whose actions you abhor yet unable to divorce yourself, struggling to individuate in their shadow—“all these feelings you wouldn’t dare articulate to another person, no matter how highly trained—but you can bring your whole untempered self to books. You can ask them anything, and though you may need to search for the resonant lines, though the answer may come at a slant, they will always speak to you, they will always let you in.
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|Not enough," he said, letting her hair slip through his fingers. "If I kiss you all day, everyday, for the rest of my life, it wont be enough.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|If we seek spiritual heroism ourselves, the old ego is just back in control under a new name. There would not really be any change at all, but only disguise, just bogus self-improvement on our own terms.
Neil Gaiman|My life has been a gift up to this point, and I've been blessed beyond my wildest imagination. And wherever this ride takes me is where I'm going.
Sunday Adelaja|When it seems there is no way out, it indicates that God wants to manifest His power and glory
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|To forget the past so easily seems scarcely loyal to oneself. I am so selfishly absorbed in my present self that I have grown not to care a damn about that ever increasing collection of past selves- those dear, dead gentlemen who one after the other have tenanted the temple of this flesh and handed on the torch of my life and personal identity before creeping away silently and modestly to rest.
Dada Bhagwan|The ‘relative’ delights the mind (manoranjan), the ‘real’ delights the Self (the soul, atmaranjan).
Ray Tomlinson|1 month ago the American people stopped to remember the third anniversary of the beginning of the Iraq war. We thought first and foremost of the selflessness, patriotism and heroism by our troops, our National Guard and Reserves.
Pippa DaCosta, Darkest Before Dawn|Cause I'd rather spend one glorious lifetime with you, Claire Doyle, than an eternity with anyone else.
David Bowie|As it turns out, American-made technology had helped Mubarak and his security state collect, compile, and parse vast amounts of data about everyday citizens.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|The Queen died. The King died.”“The Queen died. And the King died of a broken heart.”The first line was fact. The second line was a story. It placed the facts in context, added emotion and made us connect to it by making it memorable.
Inazo Nitobe, Bushido: The Soul of Japan. A Classic Essay on Samurai Ethics|Any preference for my group's interests over yours must be justified by some unbiased, disinterested ethic. Which sounds simple but, given that we're dealing with Humans and not Vulcans, it's sometimes difficult for two parties to agree on basic principles, specially parties who are unable or unwilling to switch points of view. This is the power of ethical reasoning.
Harrison Salisbury|My first ever job after college was as a flight attendant. I wanted to travel and could not afford it, so I decided to get myself a job where I could travel. I did it for two years and had great fun.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|And there is neither beginning nor end, nor past nor future; there is only a present, at the same time static and ephemeral, multiple and absolute. It is the vital ocean in which we all share, according to our strength, our needs or our desires.
Evita Ochel|Societal peer pressure to conform runs strong, but as more of us continue to think and act for ourselves, rather than be under the influence of group-think, we begin to make more effective choices.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|There must be a certain amount of imitation, copying, in outward technique, but when there is inward, psychological imitation surely we cease to be creative.
Shannon L. Alder|You can be bit in the leg by a rattlesnake and seek help to heal your wound, or you can run after it and let the poison take your leg. The same is true with love.
Henry Rollins|Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
John Hurt|I took some time off after 'Titanic' because I needed to let the dust settle and recharge my battery. I felt, 'OK, you've been given a tremendous opportunity; what are you going to do with it? Now your name can finance movies that you do want to do.'
Nick Macri|The Key To Success is finding a way to win, no matter what happens
Mark Twain|The perfection of wisdom, and the end of true philosophy is to proportion our wants to our possessions, our ambitions to our capacities, we will then be a happy and a virtuous people.
Alan W. Watts|Zen is a double-edged sword, killing words and thoughts, yet at the same time, giving them life. Although beyond human intellect and philosophy, Zen is their root and source.
Ken Poirot|No one is born with fear: we learn it, create it, and perpetuate it. Therefore, fear's biggest secret is we also control it.
Justin Young|For at this stage in our youth we can hold two kinds of anticipation of love, which seem contradictory and yet coexist and reinforce each other. We can dream delicately because even to imagine it is to touch one of the most sacred of our hopes, of searching for the other part of ourselves, of the other being who will make us whole, of the ultimate and transfiguring union. At the same time we can gloat over any woman, become insatiably curious about the brute facts of the pleasures which we are then learning or which are just to come. In that phase we are coarse and naked, and anyone who has forgotten his youth will judge that we are too tangled with the flesh ever to forget ourselves in the ecstasy of romantic love. But in fact, at this stage in one's youth, the coarseness and nakedness, the sexual preoccupations, the gloating over delights to come, are - in the secret heart where they take place - themselves romantic. They are a promise of joy.
Nikki Rowe|You don't need an entire garden bed, to notice the beauty of a flower.
Lang Leav, The Universe of Us|There was a feeling of inevitability when I met you. The sense that we would be together; that there would be a moment when you would look at me in a certain way, and we could cross the threshold from friendship into something so much more.We spoke once about lovers who kept finding each other, no matter how many times the world came between them. And I think I had to break your heart, and you had to break mine. How else could we know the worth of what we were given?I think you were always meant to know me a little better than anyone else. And our lives were fated to converge like some cosmic dance. I know there is terrible distance between us. But our bodies are made of celestial light, and we are hurtling through space and time, toward the most beautiful collision.
Avery Flynn, Trouble on Tap|His gaze dropped down to the deep V of her cherry-red top and the pulse in his temple pulsed. For a second she didn't think he was going to say anything, which was good because she'd just forgotten her own name. His focus inched northward across her generous cleavage, up her neck and to her lips -- leaving a heated trail across her skin without ever making a move. The last dry spot on her panties surrendered.
William Luce, The Belle of Amherst|I look at words as if they were entities, sacred beings. There are words to which I tip my hat when I see them sitting on a page.
Gunnar Ardelius, I Need You More Than I Love You and I Love You to Bits|In the beginning, being alone is always a choice. Then it's not a choice anymore. When did it stop being a choice? What is it in me that stopped choosing you, that moved into you instead so that I have to be with you in order to be with myself?
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|In fact, most of us see perseverance as a distinctly uncreative approach, the sort of strategy that people with mediocre ideas are forced to rely on.
Kemi Sogunle|Take a look at the plants. They come together and thrive peacefully in the garden or park. They lean on each other without trying to outdo one another. They serve as a sign that we can see beyond our differences and embrace each other in love while allowing our uniqueness to add color to our world. If plants can live in harmony and show their beauty to the world, we as humans can do much more.
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|Communicating with God is the most extraordinary experience imaginable, yet at the same time it's the most natural one of all, because God is present in us at all times. Omniscient, omnipotent, personal-and loving us without conditions. We are connected as One through our divine link with God.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|The relationships among natural and drug-induced alterations of consciousness must be understood from an evolutionary perspective. This reveals altered consciousness to be related to endogenous mechanism, which are triggered by both ancient evolutionary adaptations and more recently acquired propensities to use exogenous sources of substances to alter consciousness.
Matthew Heines|Special Post-Super Bowl Wisdom of the Ages: "Eating Crow" This year, it just tastes like Seahawk.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|You may ask, why not simply call this literature Christian? Unfortunately, the word Christian is no longer reliable. It has come to mean anyone with a golden heart. And a golden heart would be a positive interference in the writing of fiction.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Is the spring coming?" he said. "What is it like?"..."It is the sun shining on the rain and the rain falling on the sunshine...
Ronda Rousey|A cube or sphere has the characteristics of its form or shape, that is why one calls it a sphere or cube. Just as a cat is what we call a cat by its body type and physiology and its form delineates its interaction with its environment.
Joan Frances Turner, Dust|Maybe they’re not as mindless as we thought, or so dedicated to turning every last human into one of them. Like Kalyn says, they were just bored, waiting for something better to happen.And that better thing is us.
Tori Spelling|Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.
Stephen Richards|Through the practice of meditation, of calming and focusing our mind, as well as developing greater clarity and a sense of awareness, we train ourselves to recognize the wealth that was already there - the very wealth others fail to recognize.
Randall Marr|a spark begins a bonfire...be that spark".
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|I was willing to yield to nostalgia, that melancholy residue of desire.
Mylo Carbia, The Raping of Ava DeSantis|So you know you're a ghost?"	I looked at my hands; they were transparent and glowed faintly. "Can you think of another explanation?
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
Alexis M. Smith, Marrow Island|Why would I hate you?""Because I was being, as Oscar made a point of telling me later, the most unlikable version of myself
Lupita Nyong o|You can’t eat beauty, it doesn't feed you...beauty was not a thing that I could acquire or consume, it was something that I just had to be. You can’t rely on how you look to sustain you. What actually sustains us, what is fundamentally beautiful, is compassion--for yourself and for those around you. That kind of beauty inflames the heart and enchants the soul.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|Business is no more about making money than the human body is about making blood. Yes you need to make the stuff, but only to serve your higher aims.
G.E. Moore, Principia Ethica|Egoism holds, therefore, is that each man's happiness is the sole good--that a number of different things are each of them the only good thing there is--an absolute contradiction! No more complete and thorough refutation of any theory could be desired.
Kimberly Kinrade, Bits of You & Pieces of Me|He loves me, he loves me not. How many flowers must I kill before he loves me?” ~He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not
Linda Kaplan Thaler|As someone who grew up in the Bronx, I certainly learned my share of four-letter words, but none are more powerful than nice.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Real love finds you once, if you're lucky.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|I told her, "Bring your scriptures, Preach My Gospel, and every question you have. Questions are good. Let's see what the Lord will teach us together."...During one of our study sessions together, as she threw a steady stream of questions at me, I asked her if she was asking questions against a backdrop of faith or one of doubt. "In other words, are you saying, 'Here's something I don't understand, so the gospel must not be true.' or are you willing to say, 'Here's something I don't understand, but I wonder what the Lord or His prophets will teach us about this?'Are your questions asked with the assumption that there are answers? Are you will to trust the Lord and give Him the benefit of the doubt?
Al-Mas'udi|An agile, well-trained, brave elephant, ridden by a good mahout, its trunk armed with the kind of sabre known as a qartal and covered with chain mail, while the rest of its body is protected by sheets of bark and iron, surrounded by 500 men to defend it and protect it to the rear, can fight against 6000 men on horseback.
Ivanka Trump|The Declaration calls us to recognize the inherent equality of all people. And when it becomes unmistakably evident that a government is denying the governed life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, it's the right of people to establish a new government to secure these unalienable rights.
Akiroq Brost|You can believe whatever you will, as long as you realize: it was your decision!
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|You and I are the remains of an unfulfilled legacy, heirs to a kingdom of stolen identities and ragged confusion.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|The house was left; the house was deserted. It was left like a shell on a sandhill to fill with dry salt grains now that life had left it. The long life seemed to have set in; the trifling airs, nibbling, the clammy breaths, fumbling, seemed to have triumphed. ..
Richard Branson|To rule a country of a thousand chariots, there must be reverent attention to business, and sincerity; economy in expenditure, and love for men; and the employment of the people at the proper seasons.
Nabil N. Jamal|No matter how much we think about something, in the end, the decision is made on how we feel.
Lee Iacocca|My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Choose your thoughts, carve them in your mind and fix your gaze on them always.
David Brooks|If you eat, breathe and grow, two things are happening—which have little to do with either air or burgers. You are receiving an education and your “spirit” is being formed. To be alive is to be formed.
Weili Dai|I actually wanted to be a forensic scientist for a while. When I was doing my Standard Grades, three of them were science subjects. The interest in science didn't wear off, but I found other interests.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|At the time, however, I didn't realize the extent of my granddaughter's sensitivity - or her loneliness. I thought only of myself. Of my own sensitivity and my own loneliness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Utilizing all of your mind is a step towards brilliance. Utilizing all of your heart is a step towards excellence.Utilizing all of your soul is a step towards nobleness. Utilizing all of your mind, heart, and soul is a step towards greatness.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Horse Frightened by a Lion depicts a majestic stallion in a very different situation. Stubbs painted this magnetic masterpiece to illustrate the nature of the sublime, which was one of his era's most popular philosophical concepts,and its relation to a timelessly riveting feeling: fear. The magnificent horse galloping through a vast wilderness encounters the bottom-up stimulus of a crouching predator and responds with a dramatic display of what psychologists mildly call "negative emotion." The equine superstar's arched neck, dilated eyes, and flared nostrils are in fact the very picture of overwhelming dread. The painting's subject matter reflects he philosopher Edmund Burke's widely circulated Philosophical Enquiry into the Origins of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful, which asserts that because "terror" is unparalleled in commanding "astonishment," or total, single-pointed,--indeed, rapt--attention, it is "the ruling principle of the sublime.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Why?' is always the most difficult question to answer. You know where you are when someone asks you 'What's the time?' or 'When was the battle of 1066?' or 'How do these seatbelts work that go tight when you slam the brakes on, Daddy?' The answers are easy and are, respectively, 'Seven-thirty in the evening,' 'Ten-fifteen in the morning,' and 'Don't ask stupid questions.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we don’t tell those we love about what’s really going on or listen carefully to what they have to say, we tend to fill in the blanks with stories.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Ignorance is a progressive thinker’s enemy; acceptance, awareness, accountability and action are the tools of the informed; of people who want change and do all they can to achieve it.
C. JoyBell C.|It’s the hard things that break; soft things don’t break. It was an epiphany I had today and I just wonder why it took me so very, very long to see it! You can waste so many years of your life trying to become something hard in order not to break; but it’s the soft things that can’t break! The hard things are the ones that shatter into a million pieces!
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|One way to define wisdom is the ability to see, into the future, the consequences of your choices in the present. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|Now I think of breaking up as moving. Imagine you have your own house, full of your own boxes. A person you meet has his own house, full of his own boxes. When you have a relationship with that person, you shack up in a third house, into which you can each put any number of your boxes. You shouldn't move them all in at once, or else you will seem too eager. And don't dawdle too much either, or you will seem skittish about commitment. You kind of aim to match each other's pace, so that the power balance feels fair and equal. Happy marriage--at least ideally--would be the situation in which both parties enthusiastically choose to keep all of their boxes in their shared house. Conversely, when someone starts to doubt the relationship, he might move a box or two back into his own house, just in case. While he's weighing his options, he may transport a few more boxes to the safety of his own home. When he's ready to take back his final few boxes, he breaks up with you. If you were too infatuated to see it coming, there you are, with all of your boxes in the shared house, and none in the security of your own home.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|Ricewind had always relied on running away. But somerimes, perhaps, you had to stand and fight, if only because there was nowhere left to run.
William Makepeace Thackeray|Life is a game, you either win or loose but there is no draw
Zarak Shakeel|I am not seeing myself in your eyes, I think someone has replaced me
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If we focus on the problems of life, we will be paralysed. But we dwell on the promise of God; we find the faith, hope and courage to survive life.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|So long, in fact, as you remain in ignorance of what to aim at and what to avoid, what is essential and what is superfluous, what is upright or honorable conduct and what is not, it will not be travelling but drifting. All this hurrying from place to place won’t bring you any relief, for you’re travelling in the company of your own emotions, followed by your troubles all the way.
Robert Fulghum, Maybe, Maybe Not|Above all, if what you've done is stupid, but it works, it ain't stupid.
C. JoyBell C.|It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.
Elizabeth   Brown|Winnie, don't you ever think you're selling yourself short?""Nope. Never. I'm really good at picking quality dick.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|They loved scenes of righteous Godly vengeance on sinful mankind. They loved to show God’s chosen people safe from harm, watching with happy faces as they were proved right to the world. But they never showed the aftermath. They never showed weeping humans, crushed and dying in pools of their own fluids. Young men smashed into piles of red flesh. A young woman cut in half because she was passing through a hatchway when catastrophe hit. This was Armageddon. This is what it looked like. Blood and torn flesh and cries for help.
David Almond, Kit's Wilderness|There's light and joy, but there's also darkness all around and we can be lost in it.
Toni Sorenson|Focus on the win and you lose the battle, focus on the battle and you win.
Sarah Keddar|Sometimes, I feel able to write lines about my life and about how I do feel everyday in such a huge book, but sometimes I either prefer to write one word that describe it or just to say nothing at all.
Suzanne Somers|It would be sad if the expertise built up during the 40 years of the U.S. and Russian manned programmes were allowed to dissipate. But abandoning the shuttle, and committing to new launch vehicles and propulsion systems, is actually a prerequisite for a vibrant manned programme.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Regin to Declan:"Lemme guess," Regin said. "You had your introductory spiel all planned, but rational thought deserted you when you saw me stroll in braless."----"For the record," She continued, "it's not my fault I came in here looking like Chesty LaRue. You caught me on laundry day, so I have no undergarments on. Though I will cop to a little extra spring in my step for your benefit.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|There is nothing behind the curtains of religions, people put there whatever their imaginations can fathom
Magica Quartet, Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Vol. 03|Her expression almost never changed. Made it hard to tell what she was thinking. But also made her seem separate from the rest of the world. It was like she lived so deep in the ocean even lightcouldn’t reach her. Like a fish that couldn’t see the dark lonely depths, because it was always dreaming about sunlight.
Gary Starta, 9 Incarnate|The expression 'three is a crowd' holds true for both romance and politics. A three-way race is a disaster, because it splits the ballots, making it almost impossible to gain a majority of the votes. It usually results in a runoff.
Mark Ellingsen, When Did Jesus Become Republican?: Rescuing Our Country and Our Values from the Right-- Strategies for a Post-Bush America|...Subordination of the state to Christian values is precisely what the early Puritans, even those in the tradition of the Mayflower Pilgrims, aimed to do. The First Amendment notwithstanding, large numbers of the American public (especially churchgoing Protestant Christians) have embodied this Puritan way of thinking, viewing America as a "Christan nation." Relatively recent poll data bear out the enduring character of these Puritan convictions. According to a Pew Forum poll held just prior to the 2004 election, over one-half of the public would have reservations voting for a candidate with no religious affiliation (31 percent refusing to vote for a Muslim and 15 percent for a Catholic).
J.L. Langley|Burst down those closet doors once and for all, and stand up and start to fight.
Amy Hempel, At the Gates of the Animal Kingdom: Stories|A five-hour flight works out to three days and nights on land, by rail, from sea to shining sea. You can chalk off the hours on the back of the seat ahead. But seventy-some hours will not seem so long to you if you tell yourself first: This is where I am going to be for the rest of my natural life.
Gerald Heard, Dromenon: The Best Weird Stories of Gerald Heard|I assure you, if Uncle Henry had stepped out from among the trees in a little copse which borders the path at one place, carrying his head under his arm, I should have been very little more uncomfortable than I was. To tell you the truth, I was rather expecting something of the kind.
Ray Bradbury|Do you know why teachers use me? Because I speak in tongues. I write metaphors. Every one of my stories is a metaphor you can remember. The great religions are all metaphor. We appreciate things like Daniel and the lion’s den, and the Tower of Babel. People remember these metaphors because they are so vivid you can’t get free of them and that’s what kids like in school. They read about rocket ships and encounters in space, tales of dinosaurs. All my life I’ve been running through the fields and picking up bright objects. I turn one over and say, Yeah, there’s a story. And that’s what kids like. Today, my stories are in a thousand anthologies. And I’m in good company. The other writers are quite often dead people who wrote in metaphors: Edgar Allan Poe, Herman Melville, Washington Irving, Nathaniel Hawthorne. All these people wrote for children. They may have pretended not to, but they did.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|The brain works in a holistic, cooperative way that makes our basest desire or most abject fear as expressive of who we are as abstract thinking of the highest order. That means that we are all equal part snakes, monkeys, and spacemen.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|He'd watched the world change around him, civilizations rise and fall, and although he could have anything, anyone, he wanted her.
Gugu Mona|Oscar’s hobby was saving people. He used to save people all the time, and fix things that were broken and catch people when they were falling. It wasn’t a skill you’d immediately know about or notice. Stevie said that Oscar had a gift and the gift was that he could smell things you wouldn’t imagine would smell of anything- things like sadness and desperation. Things like far and hopelessness.He never made a big deal about it, but he was quiet and confident – and when you believe in own abilities, you are much more likely to be always ready to act on them, which Oscar always was. Whenever I asked him about it, he claimed that his were not exceptional or extraordinary abilities in the slightest. Everyone, he said, is able to tell when someone is in need of help, but few people really take the time to listen to their instincts, and that, he said, was the only difference between him and a lot of other of people.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Shyness is about the fear of social judgments - at a job interview or a party you might be excessively worried about what people think of you. Whereas an introvert might not feel any of those things at all, they simply have the preference to be in a quieter setting.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I offered you a choice, and you took it."I shot him what I hoped was a truly scathing glare. "Some choice. I was dying. Some drunk shot me from a pickup. Why wouldn't I have just woken up with gonorrhea like every other girl of loose moral fiber?
Frank Herbert, Destination Void|Good and bad aren't absolutes. They are beliefs, judgements, ideas based on limited knowledge as well as on the inclinations of our minds.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|I pulled the homemade jail knife out that I had in my hand, Porkie pulled out the very sharp lockback knife that he had concealed up his sleeve. We told the warden and nurse to sit on the floor, and if they did as we told them then no one would get hurt.
Enda Kenny|I get up early in the morning, 4 o'clock, and I sit at my desk and what I do is just dream. After three or four hours, that's enough. In the afternoon, I run.
Claire Keegan|Before any change for the better can take place, a level of understanding is always needed; because without understanding we tend to fall back on the automatic responses and reactions that we have built up over our lives.
Walter Raleigh|All, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or power, have attained thereunto either by force or fraud, and what they have by craft or cruelty gained, to cover the foulness of their fact, they call purchase, as a name more honest. Howsoever, he that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must rest in servitude and poverty.
J.K. Rowling, The Tales of Beedle the Bard|Children being children, however, the grotesque Hopping Pot had taken hold of their imaginations. The solution was to jettison the pro-Muggle moral but keep the warty cauldron, so by the middle of the sixteenth century a different version of the tale was in wide circulation among wizarding families. In the revised story, the Hopping Pot protects an innocent wizard from his torch-bearing, pitchfork-toting neighbours by chasing them away from the wizard's cottage, catching them and swallowing them whole.
Wyketha K. Parkman|I am no writer. Her sparkling eyes made my fingers write words in the sand, Her radiant smile made my pen write words in the air. Her beautiful soul made my typewriter type poems for eternity. I am no writer.
Kathryn Holmes|I got the groceries and lugged them all the way to Akinli’s dorm, running slightly behind because I couldn’t get into the building on my own. The university required ID cards to get into the dorms after six, and since I wasn’t an actual student, I had to wait for someone else to come along and scan his so I could piggyback in.“You need some help?” the boy asked, his eyes lingering on my mouth.I shook my head no.“Aww, come on. That’s way too heavy for you.”He came closer, and again I cursed our natural appeal. I wasn’t in danger exactly, and I knew that, but it didn’t make these encounters any less uncomfortable. I shook my head again.“No, really, which floor are you on? I can—”“Hey, Kahlen!” I looked up to see Akinli walking down the hall. His button-up was open over the gray shirt beneath it, but I was thrilled to see that he’d at least put one on. “I was starting to worry. Hey, Sam.”“Hey.” The boy gave Akinli a look and headed toward the stairwell, his displeasure at Akinli’s arrival clear. In the meantime, I felt my mood lift significantly. I was now officially on my first date.
Francois Hollande|I enjoy taking part in footballing events that are for social causes because, in my view, inspiring children through sport is a way of keeping their bodies and minds healthy as well as helping nurture their intelligence and ability to relate with others.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|You cold or something?' he said. She strained against him; she wanted to pass clear through him: 'It's a chill, it's nothing'; and then, pushing a little away: 'Say you love me.'I said it.'No, oh no. You haven't. I was listening. And you never do.'Well, give me time.'Please.'He sat up and glanced at a clock across the room. It was after five. Then decisively he pulled off his windbreaker and began to unlace his shoes.Aren't you going to, Clyde?'He grinned back at her. 'Yeah, I'm going to.'I don't mean that; and what's more, I don't like it: you sound as though you were talking to a whore.'Come off it, honey. You didn't drag me up here to tell you about love.'You disgust me,' she said.Listen to her! She's sore!'A silence followed that circulated like an aggrieved bird. Clyde said, 'You want to hit me, huh? I kind of like you when you're sore: that's the kind of girl you are,' which made Grady light in his arms when he lifted and kissed her. 'You still want me to say it?' Her head slumped on his shoulder. 'Because I will,' he said, fooling his fingers in her hair. 'Take off your clothes--and I'll tell it to you good.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|Not that I regret saying what I believed to be the truth, but I regret anything that I might have written or spoken that could have been used in a way to help to foster that atmosphere out of which came the loss of life of Brother Malcolm.
Ally Condie, Matched|I cupped her chin and tilted it back, deepening the kiss, wanting to somehow claim her very soul. Funny thing was, it was my soul that was being claimed, my breath that was being stolen, and my heart that was pounding crazy fast in my chest.
John Ralston Saul, The Unconscious Civilization|Townsfolk have no conception of the peace that mother nature bestows, and as long as that peace is unfound the spirit must seek to quench its thirst with ephemeral novelties. And what is more natural that that of the townsman's feverish search for pleasure should mould people of unstable, hare-brained character, who think only of their personal appearance and their clothes and find momentary comfort in foolish fashions and other such worthless innovations? The countryman, on the other hand walks out into the verdant meadows, into an atmosphere clear and pure, and as he breaths it into his lungs some unknown power streams through his limbs, invigorating body and soul. The peace in nature fills his mind with calm and cheer, the bright green grass under his feet awakens a sense of beauty, almost of reverence. In the fragrance that is borne so sweetly to his nostrils, in the quietude that broods so blissfully around him, there is comfort and rest. The hillsides, the dingles, the waterfalls, and the mountains are all friends of his childhood, and never to be forgotten.
Daniel Gilbert|There are many good things about getting older, but no one knows what they are.
M.C. Humphreys|All nationalistic distinctions - all claims to be better than somebody else because you have a different-shaped skull or speak a different dialect - are entirely spurious, but they are important so long as people believe in them.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Peeta, how come I never know when you're having a nightmare?” I say.“I don't know. I don't think I cry out or thrash around or anything. I just come to, paralyzed with terror,” he says.“You should wake me,” I say, thinking about how I can interrupt his sleep two or three times on a bad night. About how long it can take to calm me down.“It's not necessary. My nightmares are usually about losing you,” he says. “I'm okay once I realize you're here.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|Happiness comes in many forms. Whether through a passion for something or someone, it makes no difference. The results are the same: you live.
Richard Branson|Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
Trent Franks|If you're authentic, people smile because they sense there's a piece of themselves there.
Teresa Hampton, Leading Ladies: Willing Hearts, Willing Hands|If you don’t know what your barriers are, it’s impossible to figure out how to tear them down.
Danielle Krysa, Your Inner Critic Is a Big Jerk: And Other Truths About Being Creative|Do what you love, and the money will come. And if it doesn't, you won't care, because you'll be happy.
Iain Banks|The accumulation of skill and science which has been directed to diminish the difficulty of producing manufactured goods, has not been beneficial to that country alone in which it is concentrated; distant kingdoms have participated in its advantages.
Naftali Bennett|The United States is in a time of transition. Courts have redefined marriage, and beliefs about human sexuality are changing. Will the right to dissent be protected? Will the right of Americans to speak and act in accord with what the United States had always believed about marriage - that it's a union of husband and wife - be tolerated?
Avina Celeste|At the end of the story of my life, I want to say it was the best book I had ever read.
Scott Ritter|I think you may see again a rise at the federal government level for a - a call for the federal constitutional amendment, because people want to make sure that this definition of marriage remains secure, because after all, the family is the fundamental unit of government.
Harry Truman|The fundamental basis of this nation’s laws was given to Moses on the Mount…If we don’t have a proper fundamental moral background, we will finally end up with a totalitarian government which does not believe in rights for anybody except the State.
Christopher  Ryan|You Are What You EatTake food for example. We all assume that our craving or disgust is due to something about the food itself - as opposed to being an often arbitrary response preprogrammed by our culture. We understand that Australians prefer cricket to baseball, or that the French somehow find Gerard Depardieu sexy, but how hungry would you have to be before you would consider plucking a moth from the night air and popping it, frantic and dusty, into your mouth? Flap, crunch, ooze. You could wash it down with some saliva beer.How does a plate of sheep brain's sound? Broiled puppy with gravy? May we interest you in pig ears or shrimp heads? Perhaps a deep-fried songbird that you chew up, bones, beak, and all? A game of cricket on a field of grass is one thing, but pan-fried crickets over lemongrass? That's revolting.Or is it? If lamb chops are fine, what makes lamb brains horrible? A pig's shoulder, haunch, and belly are damn fine eatin', but the ears, snout, and feet are gross? How is lobster so different from grasshopper? Who distinguishes delectable from disgusting, and what's their rationale? And what about all the expectations? Grind up those leftover pig parts, stuff 'em in an intestine, and you've got yourself respectable sausage or hot dogs. You may think bacon and eggs just go together, like French fries and ketchup or salt and pepper. But the combination of bacon and eggs for breakfast was dreamed up about a hundred years aqo by an advertising hired to sell more bacon, and the Dutch eat their fries with mayonnaise, not ketchup.Think it's rational to be grossed out by eating bugs? Think again. A hundred grams of dehydrated cricket contains 1,550 milligrams of iron, 340 milligrams of calcium, and 25 milligrams of zinc - three minerals often missing in the diets of the chronic poor. Insects are richer in minerals and healthy fats than beef or pork. Freaked out by the exoskeleton, antennae, and the way too many legs? Then stick to the Turf and forget the Surf because shrimps, crabs, and lobsters are all anthropods, just like grasshoppers. And they eat the nastiest of what sinks to the bottom of the ocean, so don't talk about bugs' disgusting diets. Anyway, you may have bug parts stuck between your teeth right now. The Food and Drug Administration tells its inspectors to ignore insect parts in black pepper unless they find more than 475 of them per 50 grams, on average. A fact sheet from Ohio State University estimates that Americans unknowingly eat an average of between one and two pounds of insects per year.An Italian professor recently published Ecological Implications of Mini-livestock: Potential of Insects, Rodents, Frogs and Snails. (Minicowpokes sold separately.) Writing in Slate.com, William Saletan tells us about a company by the name of Sunrise Land Shrimp. The company's logo: "Mmm. That's good Land Shrimp!" Three guesses what Land Shrimp is. (20-21)
Billy Crystal|Voting shouldn't be a challenge. It should be as easy and accessible as possible. We shouldn't require forms of ID that folks don't have. We shouldn't restrict days or hours that allow working people a chance to both do their job and exercise their democratic right, and we damn well shouldn't be throwing up new obstacles midstream.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Sentimental outbreaks are like liquorice; when first you suck it, it's not bad, but afterwards it leaves a very nasty taste in the mouth.
Andrew Shue|The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|Months after my wrists ripping, a talk therapist referred to the act as self-hatred. Until then nobody had said this to me. Did everyone presume that I already knew so? People say it all the time. It’s safer to draw this conclusion. Throw in cowardice and you have an insulated public. I was not enraged at all. I was panic stricken. How could I hate myself for wanting to stop such physical sickness and terror? Mine was an act of caretaking, compassion, love. You cannot share this insight with therapists because they think such encourages recurrence. Have you ever stopped diarrhea with a prayer? If you have to go, you go. If you have to die, you die.
Mother Angelica|Being out there in the ocean, God's creation, it's like a gift He has given us to enjoy.
Andrew Solomon|Every now and then, I have blissful moments of thanking God for all the amazing things that are happening. When I leave the White House after just meeting Obama or when I see my face on the cover of 'Rolling Stone' or when I meet someone who tells me that their daughter is inspired by me, those are moments that are incredibly joyful.
Rodney Brooks|Managerial and professional people hadn't really used computers, hadn't sat down at keyboards, until personal computers. Personal computers have a totally different feel.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I will come,' the priest answered, 'for I have read in old books of these strange beings which are neither quick nor dead, and which lie ever fresh in their graves, stealing out in the dusk to taste life and blood.
Mary Pipher, Letters to a Young Therapist|Good therapy, gently but firmly, moves people out of denial and compartmentalization. It helps clients to develop richer inner lives and greater self-knowledge. It teaches clients to live harmoniously with others and it enhances Existential consciousness, and allows people to take responsibility for their effects on the world at large. For me , happiness is about appreciating what one has. Practically speaking,this means lowering expectations about what is fair, possible and likely. It means,finding pleasure in the ordinary.
Vicki Lesage, Confessions of a Paris Party Girl|I was supposed to stay for 3 months. But I think I always knew I would stay a little longer, despite the crazy Frenchies. Or maybe because of them.
Anton Chekhov|Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.
Janet Evanovich|Eating – overeating – saved me. It comforted me when I was at the mercy of grown-ups who didn't know how to give what I needed. Food was something to which I had ready access, and with it I cleverly fashioned a survival mechanism that pulled me back from the edge of insanity. – a young MacGuyver of angst and junk food.
Dee Hock, One from Many: VISA and the Rise of Chaordic Organization|Community is composed of that which we don't attempt to measure, for which we keep no record and ask no recompense. Most are things we cannot measure no matter how hard we try.
Rajesh Walecha|If you want to meet God ; ask yourself,Who lives in the sky?Why mountains grow high ? Why moon produce tides ?You'll find yourself in the lap of God.
Desmond Tutu|What do you feel like you SHOULD be doing instead of writing? IF you have an answer, then you have guilt. The "should" of life are always linked to guilt.
J.R. Hamantaschen|So those pills that offered painless relief stayed stored on the shelf, out of the strength of her reach, high atop the altar of platitudes.
Ogwo David Emenike|Life is so much more about the experience than the destination. One will waste their life if they are waiting to reach a goal to celebrate. Still, it happens all the time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God doesn’t comfort us to make us comfortable, but to make us comforters.
Angela Carter, Shadow Dance|She was a Victorian girl; a girl of the days when men were hard and top-hatted and masculine and ruthless and girls were gentle and meek and did a great deal of sewing and looked after the poor and laid their tender napes beneath a husband’s booted foot, and even if he brought home cabfuls of half-naked chorus girls and had them dance on the rich round mahogany dining-table (rosily reflecting great pearly hams and bums in its polished depths). Or, drunk to a frenzy, raped the kitchen-maid before the morning assembly of servants and children and her black silk-dressed self (gathered for prayers). Or forced her to stitch, on shirts, her fingers to rags to pay his gambling debts.Husbands were a force of nature or an act of God; like an earthquake or the dreaded consumption, to be borne with, to be meekly acquiesced to, to be impregnated by as frequently as Nature would allow. It took the mindless persistence, the dogged imbecility of the grey tides, to love a husband.
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I don't know the meaning of life. I don't know why we are here. I think life is full of anxieties and fears and tears. It has a lot of grief in it, and it can be very grim. And I do not want to be the one who tries to tell somebody else what life is all about. To me it's a complete mystery.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Or maybe it was already too late; you only get one first love. She was mine, but I had not been hers. She was only going to look for some echo of it, and if I had made the right noises, that echo might have been me for a while.
Garry Kasparov|If I became a philosopher, if I have so keenly sought this fame for which I'm still waiting, it's all been to seduce women basically.
Paul A. Volcker|I agree that it is not just the extremists who harbor bad thoughts or engage in bad acts, but they are usually the source of the polarization and try to keep education and communication of the main stream from moving forward.
Mike Marsh|And only the photographer himself knows the effect he wants. He should know by instinct, grounded in experience, what subjects are enhanced by hard or soft, light or dark treatment.
Jane  Ward, Not Gay: Sex Between Straight White Men|When we heed God's Word, we are rejecting how the world tries to disciple us.
Maureen Chiquet, Beyond the Label: Women, Leadership, and Success on Our Own Terms|This book is for those of you who are tired of trying to squeeze into constrained categories, who long for a life without limits on who you are or who you will become.
Laura Florand, The Chocolate Touch|A man's strength was supposed to be against the outside world: to fight it back from himself and those he took under his protection: his wife, his children, and for a man strong enough, more people still, people like his employees. To turn it inward, against the very people you had been given that strength to protect, because you couldn't deal with the outward fight, was the ultimate weakness.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|Success by one’s efforts is the achievement gained through ability, not through deception.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Of the hundreds of religions and philosophies ever entertained by the mind of man, each considered by the convinced holder to be the only valid one, only at the very most one can be accurate. . . Just as obvious should be the possibility, if not likelihood, if not certainty, that none of those hundreds of religions accurately depicts How Life Works.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Those who have not lived in New Orleans have missed an incredible, glorious, vital city--a place with an energy unlike anywhere else in the world, a majority-African American city where resistance to white supremacy has cultivated and supported a generous, subversive, and unique culture of vivid beauty. From jazz, blues, and and hip-hop to secondlines, Mardi Gras Indians, jazz funerals, and the citywide tradition of red beans and rice on Monday nights, New Orleans is a place of art and music and food and traditions and sexuality and liberation.
Rafael Nadal|I am often asked the question: 'What is your favorite type of food?' Although I always answer Japanese, the real response should be and is pierogi, the delectable Polish dumplings that my mother, Big Martha, made so well in many incarnations: potato, sweet cabbage, blueberry, peach, plum, and apricot.
Arthur O'Shaughnessy, Poems of Arthur O'Shaughnessy|We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.
Sasha Graham, Tarot Fundamentals|Books are like Tarot decks. They provide answers and guidance but more importantly, they are doorways and portals to the otherworld and the imagination. They leave their imprint and keep whispering to us long after we close the pages or shuffle the deck.
Diana Gabaldon, Fanget i tiden|Nothing is lost, Sassenach; only changed.""That's the first law of thermodynamics," I said, wiping my nose."No," he said. "That's faith.
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|Mental acuity of any kind comes from solving problems yourself, not from being told how to solve them.
C.G. Jung, Memories, Dreams, Reflections|As a child I felt myself to be alone, and I am still, because I know things and must hint at things which others apparently know nothing of, and for the most part do not want to know.
Trish Mercer, The Falcon in the Barn|Think of the things killing us as a nation: narcotic drugs, brainless competition, dishonesty, greed, recreational sex, the pornography of violence, gambling, alcohol, and the worst pornography of all -- lives devoted to buying things, accumulation as a philosophy -- all of these are addictions of dependent personalities. That is what our brand of schooling must inevitably produce.
Robert Dunbar, Vortex|Holding onto anger is like carrying a bucket of poison. Every step you walk, it splashes onto yourself and others. When you finally reach the one who deserves it, you have poisoned yourself and many other innocent people.
Ellen Hopkins|I started DJing, breakdancing and MCing in the '70s and I got my record deal in 1979 with 'Christmas Rap.'
Lisa Kessler, Breath of Passion|As soon as the garage door lowered, he slid his hand into her hair, drawing her in for another kiss. Her mouth tasted like sweet brandy and spice. Damn, she was delicious.She ran her hands down his chest and tugged his shirt free from his jeans. He groaned as her cool hands explored his bare abs. His other hand wandered up from her waist, enjoying her curves until he was cupping her breast. She moaned into his mouth and arched her back into his touch, and he just about lost it right there.He pulled back, his voice a husky whisper. “I need more room and fewer clothes.
James Dean|It is important to feel the anger without judging it, without attempting to find meaning in it. It may take many forms: anger at the health-care system, at life, at your loved one for leaving. Life is unfair. Death is unfair. Anger is a natural reaction to the unfairness of loss.
D. Lowery|No, she was just a woman. And that meant she could feel, she could need, she could give and she could receive.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Ultimately, it’s about determining what matters most to you; what’s important; what it will take to achieve your intended goal. And once you’ve identified these key components to growth, shed the excess; do away with the unnecessary.
Kevin Dutton, The Wisdom of Psychopaths: What Saints, Spies, and Serial Killers Can Teach Us About Success|Hatred is like a dam waiting to burst, and when it does, it is more devastating than what you had originally intended.
E. W. Howe|I had a New Year's kiss once. But it was like, 'Let's start the year off together,' and then we wound up breaking up the night after!
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Most of the books of erotic poetry available today are either too old or are big anthologies covering the same poets and poems. There is a lack of new and original work. Most of us have read something from Ovid, Sappho, Shakespeare, the ancient Greeks, the Romans, or from the Kama Sutra. But love is a theme that should be celebrated with freshness.
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|When I was an undergraduate studying economics under Professor Arthur Smithies of Harvard, he asked me in class one day what policy I favored on a particular issue of the times. Since I had strong feelings on that issue, I proceeded to answer him with enthusiasm, explaining what beneficial consequences I expected from the policy I advocated. “And then what will happen?” he asked. The question caught me off guard. However, as I thought about it, it became clear that the situation I described would lead to other economic consequences, which I then began to consider and to spell out. “And what will happen after that?” Professor Smithies asked. As I analyzed how the further economic reactions to the policy would unfold, I began to realize that these reactions would lead to consequences much less desirable than those at the first stage, and I began to waver somewhat. “And then what will happen?” Smithies persisted. By now I was beginning to see that the economic reverberations of the policy I advocated were likely to be pretty disastrous— and, in fact, much worse than the initial situation that it was designed to improve. Simple as this little exercise might seem, it went further than most economic discussions about policies on a wide range of issues. Most thinking stops at stage one.
Gift Gugu Mona|People ask all the time what I learned in the camps. But the camps weren’t therapy. What do you think these places were? Universities? We didn’t go there to learn. One becomes very clear about these things. What are you asking for? Forgiveness for her? Or do you just want to feel better yourself? My advice, go to the theatre, if you want catharsis, please. Go to literature. Don't go to the camps. Nothing comes out of the camps. Nothing.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|If Bengali is my mother, then English is my father and friend.
Wayne Dyer|When men do not have healthy notions of the Divinity, false ideas supplant them, just as in bad times one uses counterfeit money when there is no good money.
Katherine Paterson, Preacher's Boy|It was very bad if the council had resorted to recruiting men. By tradition men were our last line of defence, their physical strength bent towards the single and most important task of protecting our homes and children. This meant the council had decided that our only defence was to defeat the enemy, period. Anything else meant the end of Darre.
Howard Mittelmark, How Not to Write a Novel: 200 Classic Mistakes and How to Avoid Them—A Misstep-by-Misstep Guide|Giving a reader a sex scene that is only half right is like giving her half of a kitten. It is not half as cute as a whole kitten; it is a bloody, godawful mess.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|Ultimately, you have to not worry about people thinking you should have played him differently. You're the one playing the part so it has to be yours.
Walter Rauschenbusch|anyone who says, ‘You fool!’ will be in danger of the fire of hell.
Jean Genet, The Balcony|It's a true image, born of a false spectacle.
Christian Bale|I think the attraction of 'American Idol' is about the basic human nature attitude that is, 'We can put you up there. But we can take you down.'
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Words have value; what is of value in words is meaning. Meaning has something it is pursuing, but the thing that it is pursuing cannot be put into words and handed down.
Jessica Anthony, The Convalescent|And it was the din of all these hollow-sounding voices that made him halt irresolutely in the pursuit of phantoms. He gave them ear only for a time but he was happy only when he was far from them, beyond their call, alone or in the company of phantasmal comrades.
M.J. Rose, Seduction|Here's something you must know and don't forget it - animals never lie. They don't like, they don't put on disguises, and they are always true to what they are. That's why you can trust them.
Dada Bhagwan|Being a human is a great power. One can obtain everything. However, it is the greed that harasses him.
Suzy Kassem|Stand up for what is right, regardless of who is committing the wrong.
H. L. Mencken|The chances of a reunion now are less likely. I was thinking of having a 40th anniversary of the band, but now they are really another band, so it's all a bit weird.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Lost at Sea|And sometimes I try to stop speculating the future out of existence, and other times I just lean back and run with it because maybe it's for the best.
Anna Quindlen|The ultimate act of bravery does not take place on a battlefield. It takes place in your heart, when you have the courage to honor your character, your intellect, your inclinations and yes, your soul by listening to its clean, clear voice of direction instead of following the muddied messages of a timid world.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|The people had once created the city. The city now created the people, or, more exactly, the people of Venice now identified themselves more in terms of the city. The private had become public.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|Epicurus said you should live for pleasure - adding that nothing brings more pleasure than a little sun and a glass of water. It is on this principle that our conjugal existence has rested for three years, devoted to making love, reading, eating excellent meals, spending a few days in a nice hotel by the sea, visiting out friends (not very many, all without children), going to concerts and movies, sleeping, cultivating our garden.
Ricky Whittle|I've been a foodie most of my life. I started when I lived for a year in Germany in my early 20s, and here was this new food environment, and I decided I needed to make sense of it. And I found it was the rules of economics that do the best job. Food is a capitalist product of supply and demand.
R. N. Prasher|Words, with their multiple meanings and nuances are like trees and oral communication like a forest. Trees are good for hiding, forest for losing the path. When one is trying to contemplate the horizon of illusion and reality, trees and forests can offer no help.
Vernor Vinge|I want to go to Mexico. I've been stonewalled, so far, by federal officials. I want to go to Mexico, and I want to meet with the top Mexican officials. I want to tell them my past experience and what I can do here as Sheriff to help them get better intelligence and communications on the drug thing, not the illegal immigration thing.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to buy love with money, but if you spend your love, you may end up with a lot of money.
Henry David Thoreau|The trees and shrubs rear white arms to the sky on every side; and where were walls and fences, we see forms stretching in frolic gambols across the dusky landscape, as if Nature had strewn her fresh designs over the fields by night as models for man's art.
Maurice Wilkins|In my room, I looked around at all the pieces of my life, neat and tidy on their little shelves, my clothes and books and telephones, my shoes and hair barrettes, and tried to care about them. Mine, mine, mine. But they were only things, things that could have belonged to anyone.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|There is a pernicious notion held by many that being a submissive means being a victim or a doormat. The so-called Fifty Shades phenomenon gives this repulsive lie some very long legs, spreading it far and wide and giving it unwarranted credibility. This fallacy must be exposed for what it is. It is a despicable lie that mischaracterizes and tarnishes millions of good people living a healthy and enjoyable lifestyle. At the same time, it undermines the feminist cause, promotes rape culture, and ultimately revictimizes true victims of the very real problems of sexual abuse and violence in this country.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage|When you can’t reach the standards of another’s heart you must ask yourself, "What value do I put on my soul that I would subject myself to such rejection?
Rita Rudner|The newly decorated theatres produced things like car parks and restaurants, so you could have a good night out, quite cheaply without all that bother of having to go somewhere else.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains|When I work with experimental gadgets, like new variations on virtual reality, in a lab environment, I am always reminded of how small changes in the details of a digital design can have profound unforeseen effects on the experiences of the humans who are playing with it. The slightest change in something as seemingly trivial as the use of a button can sometimes completely alter behavior patterns.For instance, Stanford University researcher Jeremy Bailenson has demonstrated that changing the height of one's avatar in immersive virtual reality transforms self-esteem and social self-perception. Technologies are extensions of ourselves, and, like the avatars in Jeremy's lab, our identities can be shifted by the quirks of gadgets. It is impossible to work with information technology without also engaging in social engineering.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Revealed|Where are there lots of colors, Colton?" "In Heaven, Dad. That's where all the rainbow colors are!
Orison Swett Marden|Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|Those intellectuals are our natural enemies; the only kind who are worth anything are the musicians and the dancers: they don’t insult anybody with their performances, and they neither sing nor dance politics. So I like them; but don’t let me hear a word about the rest
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When one person attempts to “fix it” for the other person, the connection of acceptance is snapped and the sender and receiver miss an opportunity for understanding.
F. Sionil Jose|I was in Shanghai when the Japanese invaded China. I was there in Shanghai when, the morning after Pearl Harbor, they seized Shanghai.
Scott Westerfeld|After all, C++ isn't a perfect match for Java's design aims either.
R. Kelly|My first real job, I sold Christmas trees when I was twelve for extra money. I did that until I was fifteen. Then I bagged groceries, and I worked at the first Borders ever in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Bob Beauprez|Climate change is not a discrete issue; it's a symptom of larger problems. Fundamentally, our society as currently designed has no future. We're chewing up the planet so fast, in so many different ways, that we could solve the climate problem tomorrow and still find that environmental collapse is imminent.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|It’s not like love at first sight, really. It’s more like… gravity moves. When you see her, suddenly it’s not the earth holding you here anymore. She does. And nothing matters more than her. And you would do anything for her, be anything for her… You become whatever she needs you to be, whether that’s a protector, or a lover, or a friend, or a brother.
Jacques Lacan|In science fiction, telepaths often communicate across language barriers, since thoughts are considered to be universal. However, this might not be true. Emotions and feelings may well be nonverbal and universal, so that one could telepathically send them to anyone, but rational thinking is so closely tied to language that it is very unlikely that complex thoughts could be sent across language barriers. Words will still be sent telepathically in their original language.
Jack Shafer|I can see why people find him [Hugo Chávez] charming. He's very ebullient, as they say. I've heard him make a speech, though, and he has a vice that's always very well worth noticing because it's always a bad sign: he doesn't know when to sit down. He's worse than Castro was. He won't shut up. Then he told me that he didn't think the United States landed on the moon and didn't believe in the existence of Osama bin Laden. He thought all of this was all a put-up job. He's a wacko.
Jonathan Winters|Every day I get to 'Think' and work on everything from digitizing electric grids so they can accommodate renewable energy and enable mass adoption of electric cars, helping major cities reduce congestion and pollution, to developing new micro-finance programs that help tiny businesses get started in markets such as Brazil, India, Africa.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it.
Cory Wells|'Pretty Little Liars,' you know, it's a teen show that grew to be something bigger. I think you had girls from ages 7 to, like, 20 watching the show, and that was the predominant audience. Then it grew to be for girls, boys, men, women, people who are 7 to 35. I think that's crazy.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Stop teasing you two,” Suzy jumped in, “not all of Kathy’s ideas are wacky.”“Gee thanks. Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Kim Chestney, Psy Workshop|If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry.
Ernst Von Feuchtersleben|The maladies of the spirit alone, in abstracto, that is, error and sin, can be called diseases of the mind only per analogiam. They come not within the jurisdiction of the physician, but that of the teacher or clergyman, who again are called physicians of the mind only per analogiam.
China Miéville, Kraken|The bullets are gun-eggs,” Collingswood said to Baron, looking at Vardy. Farmers squeezing their holy metal beasts to percussive climax, fertilisation by cordite expulsion, violent ovipositors. Seeking warm places full of nutrients, protecting baby guns deep in the bone cages, until they hatched.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You will achieve what you want to achieve, only if you can cope with the theory of altruism.
Elisabeth Van den Abeele|Heartbreak is stupid and impossible. Hearts don't break. Hearts squeeze, they wrench, they ache, they shrivel. Hearts pull apart in wet chunks like canned tomatoes.
Alex Bell, The Ninth Circle|I would like to have nothing to do with you for hours on end and then come back and find you, come back with things I’ve thought and found all on my own— on my own, not through you.
James W. Pennebaker, The Secret Life of Pronouns: What Our Words Say About Us|Finally he steeled himself to read the final rule again. He had been trained since earliest childhood, since his earliest learning of language, never to lie. It was an integral part of the learning of precise speech. Once, when he had been a Four, he had said, just prior to the midday meal at school, “I’m starving.” Immediately he had been taken aside for a brief private lesson in language precision. He was not starving, it was pointed out. He was hungry. No one in the community was starving, had ever been starving, would ever be starving. To say “starving” was to speak a lie. An unintentioned lie, of course. But the reason for precision of language was to ensure that unintentional lies were never uttered. Did he understand that? they asked him. And he had.
Michael  Jackson|How happy is the blameless vestal’s lot!The world forgetting, by the world forgot.Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind!Each pray’r accepted, and each wish resign’d
Ravi Ranjan Goswami, The Robbers' Hill|Robbers’ Hill and its surrounding area were extremely safe for women. In the last two decades, there had been no incident of molestation or rape in and around the village. People in the region both feared and respected Bhagatji.There lived two eunuchs in the village. There was a fable in the village that years ago these eunuchs were men who had sexually assaulted a local woman. Bhagatji punished them. Since then they had been like this.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|I've come to the point where I never feel the need to stop and evaluate whether or not I am happy. I'm just 'being', and without question, by default, it works.
Blake Mays|Don’t let your past define you, let it mold you into the person you want to be
Mitt Romney|Consulting offered me an opportunity to see a lot of different businesses in different regions of the world, to see how textiles were being affected by foreign competition, how technology was changing.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|By degrees they spoke of education , and the book-learning that forms one part of it; and the result was that Ruth determined to get up early all throughout the bright summer mornings, to acquire the knowledge hereafter to be give to her child. Her mind was uncultivated, her reading scant; beyond the mere mechanical arts of education she knew nothing; but she had a refined taste, and excellent sense and judgment to separate the true from the false.
Noorilhuda, The Governess|You strive all through your life, to get somewhere, to be something, Some One, to matter, to have this, to have that, fill up your life with possessions, bonds, connections and in the end, the greed is still there, one does not want to let go, not unless the great gods come down and say enough is enough, no more......till then all you want is one more day." - Frank Adams
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Seek until there is no hope and then seek further. Seek without end. Trudge on without tiring and without fear and without disheartenment. Trudge on, for it is within you to fight any enemy. It is who you are. It is your past and your present and your future. You will not quit. You cannot quit. Your breath is your courage, and as you breathe, so must you hope or you are already dead.
Wilbur Wright|The future may be made up of many factors but where it truly lies is in the hearts and minds of men. Your dedication should not be confined for your own gain, but unleashes your passion for our beloved country as well as for the integrity and humanity of mankind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Emerson: Poems|So nigh is grandeur to our dust, So near is God to man,When Duty whispers low, 'Thou must,' The youth whispers, 'I can.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I believe, this is the right path; I fearlessly walk on the pathway.
Ashoka Jahnavi Prasad|I’ve always been fascinated by science—anatomy, quantum physics, space and time theory. I don’t understand these things, but the mystery is a part of what attracts me to them. That the world I live in now is complex beyond my understanding only encourages me to believe that there are wild possibilities in creation beyond even the things of this dimension of time and space. If this universe has alternate dimensions outside of our understanding, isn’t it possible that we might exist in a life beyond this one, in another kind of dimension that is fuller and more alive than the one we know?
Darin Strauss, Half a Life|James was sixteen, Cam seventeen, perhaps. She had looked round for someone who was not there, for Mrs. Ramsay, presumably. But there was only kind Mrs. Beckwith turning over her sketches under the lamp. Then, being tired, her mind still rising and falling with the sea, the taste and smell that places have after long absence possessing her, the candles wavering in her eyes, she had lost herself and gone under. It was a wonderful night, starlit; the waves sounded as they went upstairs; the moon surprised them, enormous, pale, as they passed the staircase window. She had slept at once.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Honesty means exactly what it says. We are honest and trustworthy in all our dealings. People can trust our word, because we refuse to lie or shade the truth.
Kim Stanley Robinson, 2312|The fault is not in our stars," I whispered to the ceiling. "But in ourselves. This was my choice.
Helen Garner|A dirty player is somebody who ultimately is trying to hurt somebody. There's a huge difference. There's no gray in that. Like, you have no conscience, no nothing, no guilt. I don't have that mean streak in me. I don't play angry. It's not anger.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|They would come with languages that sounded like dog bark; with a childish hunger for animal fur. They would forever fence land, ship whole trees to faraway countries, take any women for quick pleasure, ruin soil, befoul sacred places and worship a dull, unimaginative god. They let their hogs browse the ocean shore turning it into dunes of sand where nothing green can ever grow again. Cut loose from the earth's soul, they insisted on purchase of its soil, and like all orphans they were insatiable. It was their destiny to chew up the world and spit out a horribleness that would destroy all primary peoples.
Edward Bond, Plays 4: The Worlds / The Activists Papers / Restoration / Summer|The artist tries to show reason in experience and appearance – and lyric is the daily appearance, the commonplace dress, of reason. It shows us the rational. It makes the epic pattern human. It's the footprint on the pathway. In the epic-lyric the individual and particular are no longer isolated but are placed in a historical, social, human pattern. That's why there's a political way of cutting bread or wearing shoes.
Don Roff|Imagine what it's like to be (untouchable)Better not take a chance on me (untouchable)I'm the bad boy your mama told you aboutI'm dangerous, without a doubtEven coming off a ten-year droughtUntouchableI'm the rose with hidden thorns (untouchable)Don't tell me that you haven't been warned (untouchable)I'm pretty poison under the skin, The bite of the apple that's a mortal sinIn a game of love you'll never winUntouchableMy reputation's fairly earned (untouchable)If you play with fire, you will get burned (untouchable)Stay out of the kitchen if you can't take the heat, My kisses are deadly as they are sweet, I'm a runaway bus on a dead-end streetUntouchableFools rush in, that's what they say(untouchable)But angels fall, too, most every day (untouchable)I'm the snake in the garden, the siren on the reefI have the face of a saint and the heart of a thiefI'll promise you love! And bring you nothing but griefUntouchable Hearing Jonah sing like this was like watching him slice himself open and show off his insides. Why would he do that? Why would be write such a song?  And then Emma answered her own question. Because good music always tells the truth, no matter how much it hurts.  Emma couldn't be the only one who felt the bite of the blade, but everyone else seemed to take it in stride. Did they know? Did they all know about Jonah?  Of course they did. They were there when it happened. They'd allow Jonah to keep the secrets that were most important to him. She knew she shouldn't resent that, but she still did. They must have known she was falling for him. They must have.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|in my experience, the words “now just calm down” almost inevitably have the opposite effect on the person you are speaking to.
Joe Biden|The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In love, we are reborn to higher-self.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Children are being killed, because some "adults" think life is a game.Something is amiss.When children shoot up other children in school, it's a national tragedy, and a week of mourning.When grown men are killing unarmed young, yes unarmed young, it bespeaks the leagues of fear residing in these men's hearts; that they've created a world in which they themselves have become useless.Then it makes front page, and it becomes business as usual.Something is amiss here.If adults don't truly grow up, then their young may never get the chance.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Don’t look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were headed for shore.
G.K. Chesterton, The Spice of Life|Apart from such chaotic classics as these, my own taste in novel reading is one which I am prepared in a rather especial manner, not only to declare, but to defend. My taste is for the sensational novel, the detective story, the story about death, robbery and secret societies; a taste which I share in common with the bulk at least of the male population of this world. There was a time in my own melodramatic boyhood when I became quite fastidious in this respect. I would look at the first chapter of any new novel as a final test of its merits. If there was a murdered man under the sofa in the first chapter, I read the story. If there was no murdered man under the sofa in the first chapter, I dismissed the story as tea-table twaddle, which it often really was. But we all lose a little of that fine edge of austerity and idealism which sharpened our spiritual standard in our youth. I have come to compromise with the tea-table and to be less insistent about the sofa. As long as a corpse or two turns up in the second, the third, nay even the fourth or fifth chapter, I make allowance for human weakness, and I ask no more. But a novel without any death in it is still to me a novel without any life in it. I admit that the very best of the tea-table novels are great art - for instance, Emma or Northanger Abbey. Sheer elemental genius can make a work of art out of anything. Michelangelo might make a statue out of mud, and Jane Austen could make a novel out of tea - that much more contemptible substance. But on the whole I think that a tale about one man killing another man is more likely to have something in it than a tale in which, all the characters are talking trivialities without any of that instant and silent presence of death which is one of the strong spiritual bonds of all mankind. I still prefer the novel in which one person does another person to death to the novel in which all the persons are feebly (and vainly) trying to get the others to come to life.
Jeanne M. Dams, The Corpse of St James's|You took a life and the theft went unpunished. God didn't strike you down. The sky didn't fall. The morning after, you turned on the faucet and water still came out... It was still good when you raised your arm for a cab and one came towards you out of the flow like magic. You did things that were supposed to end you and found they were only things that changed you. It was a disappointment and a revelation and a bereavement and a new thrilling nudity. It was the basic prosaic obscenity: You kept going.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Ever After|This is the strangest family vacation ever," Liam said.
Chris Page|…because I was only eleven years old, I was wrapped in the best cloak of invisibility in the world.
Robin Hobb, City of Dragons|If all of her was not enough for him, then let him have none of her and seek what he needed elsewhere.
Louis L'Amour, Westward the Tide|The wealthy and satisfied do not migrate, they stagnate.
Bryonie Wise, HEART ROAR: A Book of Tiny Prayers|And then,There was a loveShining so bright,That even the darkest partOf our heartsFelt the warmth
C.J. Cherryh|There was love, a reliable and real love grown in a handful of days, and Tristan did not know why it was: friendship had happened to both of them, on the sudden, completely aside from Tristan's both endangering and saving Crissand's life. It was no reason related to that, it was no reason that either of them quite knew. Crissand had simply risen on his horizon like the sun of his banner...and that was that....They were together, and there was a great deal right with the day simply in that.
Cora Carmack, All Broke Down|And all the restless energy floating through me keeps connecting to him and coming back twice as strong, like we're this closed circuit, and the longer we stay linked, the more powerful the pull between us becomes.
Lemony Snicket, The End|I am heartbroken, but I have been heartbroken before, and this might be the best for which I can hope.
Felix Dennis|A good way I know to find happiness, is to not bore a hole to fit the plug.
Tobias Smollett, The Expedition of Humphry Clinker|I can't help suspecting, that there is, or may be some regurgitation from the bath into the cistern of the pump. In that case, what a felicate beveridge is quaffed by the drinkers; medicated with the sweat and the dirt, and dandriff; and the abominable of various kinds, from twenty different diseased bodies, parboiling in the kettle below.
Compton Gage|Ponder now by thyself, how great fruit of wickedness the grain of evil seed had brought forth. And when the ears shall be cut down, which are without number, how great a floor shall they fill?
Christian de Portzamparc|When I was 18, I lived in Greenwich Village, New York, for nine months. At that time, I wanted to change the world, not through architecture, but through painting. I lived the artist's life, mingling with poets and writers, and working as a waiter. I was intrigued by the aliveness of the city.
Kevin Kelly|As smartphones have allowed us to have our computers, emails, social media feeds, and a full surveillance system in our pockets at all times, stories of the law enforcement's unease with that have been popping up in the press. And of course, the ones that become viral videos aren't exactly flattering for law enforcement.
Ciaran Hinds|I've gone to prom multiple times, had fights with the principal, a relationship with my teacher. When people ask if I wish I had gone to high school, I tell them that I've acted all of that stuff out, and it just doesn't seem like fun.
Charles Inglis|However great an evil immorality may be, we must not forget that it is not without its beneficial consequences. It is only through extremes that men can arrive at the middle path of wisdom and virtue.
Gail Carriger, Manners & Mutiny|Sophronia felt bound to object. "I, for one, should prefer not to shoot at someone I like.""Admirable scruples, Miss Temminnick. Get over them. For you will do it anyway.
Shoeburn Ruffet, Shoeburn and The Ill-Fitting Necklace|The address given to me by Greta was written in such a way that the words looked like numbers, and the numbers looked like the aftermath of a startled octopus meeting a deep-sea diver in a corner café. It was the worst writing I had ever seen.
Tariq Ramadan, The Quest for Meaning: Developing a Philosophy of Pluralism|Last days? Don't they know? These are the traits of all days, every day, everywhere.
Caroline B. Cooney, Evil Returns|I actually thought you would be kind," said the vampire."Go away!" screamed Devnee.He did not answer."I didn't have to be kind," Devnee told him. "Victoria was kind for me."He laughed."No one can be kind for you, my dear," said the vampire. "But I don't mind, of course. I have you now. There's no escape, my dear. You and I, Devnee Fountain, are a team.
Hank Bracker|Fifty years of isolating Cuba has failed to promote democracy" Barack Obama, 44th and current President of the USA. "Let's move ahead!" Captain Hank Bracker
Fall Out Boy|Oh the wonders of being married. Put a gun in one hand and a woman in the other, I'm never sure who's going to kill me first.
Angela Carter|Cultivators of the earth are the most valuable citizens. They are the most vigorous, the most independent, the most virtuous, and they are tied to their country and wedded to its liberty and interests by the most lasting bonds.
Keisha Keenleyside|The questions push me further into the space in between, the place where my madness lays waiting for me. I struggle with each question, determined to extract some sort of answer, an explanation for everything that has happened so far. But no answers come and I’m forced to acknowledge the feeling lodged between my two worldsTerror.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|There is no shame in not knowing your history, the shame lies in not finding out.
Peter Mayle, A Year in Provence|Every few months or so at home, Pops had to have Taiwanese ’Mian. Not the Dan-Dan Mian you get at Szechuan restaurants or in Fuchsia Dunlop’s book, but Taiwanese Dan-Dan. The trademark of ours is the use of clear pork bone stock, sesame paste, and crushed peanuts on top. You can add chili oil if you want, but I take it clean because when done right, you taste the essence of pork and the bitterness of sesame paste; the texture is somewhere between soup and ragout. Creamy, smooth, and still soupy. A little za cai (pickled radish) on top, chopped scallions, and you’re done. I realized that day, it’s the simple things in life. It’s not about a twelve-course tasting of unfamiliar ingredients or mass-produced water-added rib-chicken genetically modified monstrosity of meat that makes me feel alive. It’s getting a bowl of food that doesn’t have an agenda. The ingredients are the ingredients because they work and nothing more. These noodles were transcendent not because he used the best produce or protein or because it was locally sourced, but because he worked his dish. You can’t buy a championship.Did this old man invent Dan-Dan Mian? No. But did he perfect it with techniques and standards never before seen? Absolutely. He took a dish people were making in homes, made it better than anyone else, put it on front street, and established a standard. That’s professional cooking. To take something that already speaks to us, do it at the highest level, and force everyone else to step up, too. Food at its best uplifts the whole community, makes everyone rise to its standard. That’s what that Dan-Dan Mian did. If I had the honor of cooking my father’s last meal, I wouldn’t think twice. Dan-Dan Mian with a bullet, no question.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|That’s what you people do, isn’t it? Make assumptions and sell them to impressionable idiots.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Teresa of Ávila, Interior Castle|But, as I know that strength arising from obedience has a way of simplifying things which seem impossible, my will very gladly resolves to attempt this task although the prospect seems to cause my physical nature great distress; for the Lord has not given me strength enough to enable me to wrestle continually both with sickness and with occupations of many kinds without feeling a great physical strain. May He Who has helped me by doing other and more difficult things for me help also in this: in His mercy I put my trust.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|With her it's as if a text was written so that we can identify the characters, the narrator, the setting, the plot, the time of the story, and so on. I don't think it has ever occurred to her that a text is written above all to be read and to arouse emotions in the reader.
Leon Trotsky|In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result.
G.K. Chesterton|The Reformer is always right about what's wrong. However, he's often wrong about what is right.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|And the great owners, who had become through the might of their holdings both more and less than men
David Augsburger|Racial humor was about 35% of my act when I first started. But I realized that it was a crutch. What brought it home was when another comedian said to me, 'If you changed color tomorrow, you wouldn't have any material.' He meant it as a put-down, but I took it as a challenge.
Famous Pedro|I'm A Speaker, Your A Listener. 
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|He was incapable of untruth; never tampered with a fact; never altered a disagreeable word to suit the pleasure or convenience of any mortal being, least of all his own children, who, sprung from his loins, should be aware from childhood that life is difficult; facts uncompromising; and the passage to that fabled land where our brightest hopes are extinguished, our frail barks founder in darkness (here Mr. Ramsay would straighten his back and narrow his little blue eyes upon the horizon), one that needs, above all, courage, truth, and the power to endure.
Dada Bhagwan|All who die, are all worldly beings (sansari – believing the worldly life to be real).
John Knowles, A Separate Peace|All of them, all except Phineas, constructed at infinite cost to themselves these Maginot Lines against this enemy they thought they saw across the frontier, this enemy who never attacked that way-if he ever attacked at all; if he was indeed the enemy.
Samuel Johnson|WERE TRANSPARENCY EXISTS NOT!, THERE IS ALWAYS ROOM FOR FRUSTRATION AND DISASTER THEREIN
Debra Anastasia, Return to Poughkeepsie|He look at you not because you are sexy, but because your perfect smile.
W.P. Kinsella|Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|When we develop the heart chakra, we begin to influence the surroundings with our spiritual presence. When we develop the communication chakra, we begin to influence the country with our spiritual presence. When we develop the seventh chakra, we begin to influence the world with our spiritual presence without doing anything.
Laurie Perez, Atomic Truths and Stellar Seeking: A Joybroker's Guide to the Stars Inside|Shake off the tonnage of old genetics, nitpicking naysayers and hand-me-down Egos hoarding junk in the back of your mind.Be a Friday night liberty set loose on Monday morning.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Not all powers are spectacular." Hestia looked at me. "Sometimes the hardest power to master is the power of yielding.
Al Franken|Sin, also for those who don't have faith, exists when one goes against one's conscience. To listen to and obey it means, in fact, to decide in face of what is perceived as good or evil. And on this decision pivots the goodness or malice of our action.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|What she wanted was right there, between them, pressed against her stomach—so big and accessible and user-friendly—neatly covered and ready to go.
Bodie Thoene, A Daughter of Zion|And if we do not stand now, then when will a stand be taken against evil?
Gilles Deleuze, A Thousand Plateaus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia|«A book can't take the place of a man!»«I disagree. A book can give you most things a relationship can. It can make you laugh, it can make you cry, it can transport you to different worlds and teach you things. You can even take it out to dinner. And if bores you, you can move on. Which is pretty much what happens in real life.»
Stephen E. Ambrose|At dusk, Wakefield “had my most important thought that day.” Wading into chest-deep water at first light that morning, “I found that my legs would hardly hold me up. I thought I was a coward.” Then he had discovered that his sea bags with their explosives had filled with water and he was carrying well over 100 pounds. He had used his knife to cut the bags and dump the water, then moved on to do his job. “When I had thought for a moment that I wasn’t going to be able to do it, that I was a coward, and then found out that I could do it, you can’t imagine how great a feeling that was. Just finding out, yes, I could do what I had volunteered to do.
Rebecca M. Jordan-Young, Brainstorm: The Flaws in the Science of Sex Differences|Normative statements about "women's roles" and girls' and women's behaviour being "appropriately feminine" were replaced with more neutral statements about what women and girl versus boys and men do and think and say they want. In this way, conventionally gendered behaviour was taken out of the context of prescription and presented as simple description. This had the possibly unanticipated consequence, though, of taking these behaviours out of the context of the social world. The descriptive approach significantly deemphasised the role of norms, social structures, and modelling in developing gendered traits. Instead, disembodied as "naked facts" of sex differences, they began to look more and more like simple reflections of male and female behaviour.
Anna Freeman, The Fair Fight|I know very little about darkness, Mr Bowden, except that we cannot stop its coming.
Deyth Banger|But stronger and brighter than any other was his mate bond with Lana. She was in every beat of his heart, the very fire in his blood. How could anyone have ever doubted his feelings for her?
Wendell Berry|As I age in the world it will rise and spread,and be for this place horizonand orison, the voice of its winds.I have made myself a dream to dreamof its rising, that has gentled my nights.Let me desire and wish well the lifethese trees may live when Ino longer rise in the morningsto be pleased with the green of themshining, and their shadows on the ground, and the sound of the wind in them.
Abdelouahab Hammoudi, The Golden Nightingale|Tom,"said Eric," just yesterday, you were a complete stranger to us! Now, you are part of our lives!
J.H. Elliott, Imperial Spain: 1469-1716|They really cut to the chase in the urologist’s examination room, and I tried to laugh. If this office were a movie, it would have been rated R.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|There is no other species on Earth that does science. It is, so far, entirely a human invention, evolved by natural selection in the cerebral cortex for one simple reason: it works. It is not perfect. It can be misused. It is only a tool. But it is by far the best tool we have, self-correcting, ongoing, applicable to everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, you will be saved.
Terry Teachout|My mother, oddly enough, really wanted to pursue a career in law, but at the time, she had children and was working as a teacher.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it.
Teresa Flavin, The Blackhope Enigma|They inched through dense, heart-stopping darkness. In the distance was what looked like a bright white door cut out of a black wall. Sunni tiptoed towards it, puzzled by its brilliance.
Simon Armitage, Sir Gawain and the Green Knight|And wonder, dread and warhave lingered in that landwhere loss and love in turnhave held the upper hand.
Terry Pratchett, The Shepherd's Crown|Finally, sweet finally, he was inside her to the hilt.	"I need a second," he ground out, his body pulsing.	"You're really freaking big, Quinn," she panted. "Move. Please, for the love of the goddess, move."	He grinned before kissing her. "You say such sweet things.
Avi Silverman, Phalluses of Logic: How to Know When Republicans Lie|It is only by ignoring fact, science, and reason that one can support current Republican positions.
John Schlesinger|If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars.
Dan Abnett, Horus Rising|Caches of data are being recovered all the time. Why, just the other day, I heard that we now had complete texts for all three of Shakespire's plays!
Catherynne M. Valente, The Habitation of the Blessed|A sacrifice ever remembered.Never forgotten.Another day we live.A sacrifice for you. Only for you. And so shall it be,For evermore.Paviamma
Miriam Gurko, The Ladies of Seneca Falls: the Birth of the Women's Rights Movement|In 1879, Massachusetts allow women to vote in school elections. Lucy Stone went to register, but when she discovered that she would have to sign as Mr.s Blackwell, she refused, and so forfeited her opportunity to vote.Elizabeth Stanton and Susan Anthony were delighted. Mr.s Stanton wrote to Mrs. Stone : "Nothing has been done in the woman's rights movement for some time that so rejoiced my heart as the announcement by you of a woman's right to her name." Susan Anthony wrote that she "rejoiced that you have declared, by actual doing, that a woman has a name, and may retain it throughout her life."Some women in the movement disapproved, however, and wrote to tell her so. She replied that "A thousand times more opposition was made to a woman's claim to speak in public," and continued to use the name of Lucy Stone for the rest of her life. Those who followed her example were called "Lucy Stoners." But in spite of Lucy Stone and the Lucy Stoners, the law has been slow to acknowledge the right of a woman to her own name. More than a hundred years later, in the 1970s, the Supreme Court would uphold an Alabama law which required a woman to use her husband's name.
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|Believe in your prayers. Believe in the power of your faith and blessings of your near and dear ones. Their love serves as a balm, soothes your heart and heals your body.
J.L. Clayton, A Spark of Magic|Now it was Arla’s turn for astonishment. The Boy gave Perry a wide smile as he shook his hand. “You know the land you say? Up along the promontory? Good. Well, perhaps we should take you along. Do you have a horse?”“No” Perry replied. “But I can ride.”“Arla is quite slight,” the Boy said. “Perhaps she can ride the packhorse with our gear.”Arla gave a strangled gasp, and the Boy grinned at her. She realised he was joking, and breathed a sigh of relief. But she did not trust herself to speak. What did Branguin think he was doing?
Leslie Fielder|Mademoiselle De Lafontaine – in right of her father, who was a German, assumed to be psychological, metaphysical and something of a mystic – now declared that when the moon shone with a light so intense it was well known that it indicated a special spiritual activity. The effect of the full moon in such a state of brilliancy was manifold. It acted on dreams, it acted on lunacy, it acted on nervous people; it had marvelous physical influences connected with life. Mademoiselle related that here cousin, who was mate of a merchant ship, having taken a nap on deck on such a night, lying on his back, with his face full in the light of the moon, had wakened, after a dream of an old woman clawing him by the cheek, with his features horribly drawn to one side; and his countenance had never quite recovered its equilibrium.
Zoey Dean, Tall Cool One|Life, love, boys—it was all about balance.~Anna Percy
Walker Percy|Fiction doesn’t tell us something we don’t know, it tells us something we know but don’t know that we know.
Srividya Srinivasan|Love dies when the lover in us dies. It snaps when the lover in us gives up in defeat. When the cold, practical us takes over the the self-image of us a lover. When the lover in us wins, the practical us recedes and the magic takes over, and when the lover in us loses, the practical us takes over and the magic recedes and the more the lover in us dies, the less courage we have in magic until we reach a point where we even disbelieve the very notion of magic, and magic within us. Who would believe the madness of moonlight in broad daylight? Love dies from hunger for love that love is unable to feed. If I tell you that just as the cold rays of harsh sunlight shall give away to the silver cool of the moonlight beams, your disbelief can turn to magic,are you going to believe? That the stars are there even during the day, that we are the ones unable to see, would you believe?
Claire Cook, Summer Blowout|I shook my head, folding my arms around my waist. He was wrong; he was the one offering fairy dust, Peter Pan offering to carry me off to the Neverland of soulfinders and happily ever after. But he was too late. Last night i had to grew up and I now knew that such dreams did not exist; real life was more like living with Captain Hook's mercenary pirates than playing happy families in a treehouse
Moshe Kahlon|Finance is critical. If sufficient investment is made in infrastructure and venture capital is made available, there will be a big improvement in the situation.
Osho, Intimacy: Trusting Oneself and the Other|I rebuke societies that impart to their flowers their cold and rigid demeanour. Flowers should not stand with the stiffness of a soldier on parade but must carry themselves with the relaxedness of a dancer, their arms outstretched above a shaggy mane. Life reveals few sights as distressing as the look of flowers standing mournfully at attention unstirred by the kisses of a million bees. This infection of uncomely reserve is the handiwork of sombre gardeners bred in sombre societies who will not consider their work done till their flowers exude in aspect that stiffness they esteem. They forget that God intended that we mingle with flowers and not merely admire them from afar. But there is a look in a fastidiously manicured garden that makes me keep my distance, a look that draws my eyes but scorns my touch, and that is why I condemn them.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|That our world is so massive that it is completely out of our control, that we cannot possibly be as large as we feel.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln|As a nation, we began by declaring that ‘all men are created equal.’ We now practically read it ‘all men are created equal, except negroes.’ When the Know-Nothings get control, it will read ‘all men are created equal, except negroes, and foreigners, and catholics.’ When it comes to this I should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty—to Russia, for instance.
Lee Haney|It's a marathon, not a sprint. I actually feel like I come to work stronger when I've had a little time on the weekend to step away from it and enjoy my family and other things. I come back energized. If people think they're going to work 24/7, week in and week out, they're not bringing their full strength to the table.
Kele Moon, Beyond Eden|Can you find beauty in darkness, Eve?" Danny asked.She nodded. "Yes.""Then look for it," he said softly.
Bruno Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales|Every human being carries with them the stories of their ancestors, the story of their generation, and the rudiments of pliable clay to build future storylines that will shape their community of kindred souls. Storytelling unites us as a species and supplies texture to our lives. By listening to other people’s stories and by sharing our personal story, we deftly weave the threads that compose the sacred hoop of the tribe.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|She's the gristle stuck between Time's teeth, and I love her for it.
Kevin Plank|It's all positive energy from me, man.
Anne Hathaway|Flying in space is a privilege, whether it's the first time or the fourth time.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When the outlook is bright, bring it before their eyes; but tell them nothing when the situation is gloomy.
Kathleen Norris, Dakota: A Spiritual Geography|One never sleepwalks through grizzlyland, dreaming of other places to be.
Wilhelm Reich, The Sexual Revolution: Toward a Self-governing Character Structure|The existence of strict moral principles has invariablysignified that the biological, and specifically the sexualneeds of man were not being satisfied. Every moral regulation is in itself sex-negating, and all compulsory morality is life-negating.
Venus Williams|So, we have choice, and sometimes it seems very hard, but the best way to heal physically or emotionally is to keep positive.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Ever notice how we are constantly talking to ourselves in our heads. We not only profess to know what others are thinking, but also what their responses will be––and even what they really meant by what they said. Apparently, we are all mind readers, without much proven psychic ability.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Think before you speak, unless it's urgent
Samuel Butler|The more you live in the present moment, the more the fear of death disappears.
Himanshu Chhabra|Show Dr. Princi your teeth. That's right, let's see 'em all. Christ, Sparks, is that your tongue or are you swallowing a squirrel? Keep moving -
Aleksandr Voinov, Counterpunch|The major goal of the Cold War mind control programs was to create dissociative symptoms and disorders, including full multiple personality disorder. The Manchurian Candidate is fact, not fiction, and was created by the CIA in the 1950’s under BLUEBIRD and ARTICHOKE mind control programs. Experiments with LSD, sensory deprivation,electro-convulsive treatment, brain electrode implants and hypnosis were designed to create amnesia, depersonalization, changes in identity and altered states of consciousness. (p. iii)“Denial of the reality of multiple personality by these doctors [See page 114 for names] in the mind control network, who are also on the FMSF [False Memory Syndrome Foundation] Scientific and Professional Advisory Board, could be disinformation. The disinformation could be amplified by attacks on specialists in multiple personality as CIA conspiracy lunatics” (P.10)“If clinical multiple personality is buried and forgotten, then the Manchurian Candidate Programs will be safe from public scrutiny. (p.141)
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Now goes under, and I watch it go under, the sunThat will not rise again.Today has seen the setting, in your eyes cold and senseless as the sea,Of friendship better than bread, and of bright charityThat lifts a man a little above the beasts that run.That this could be!That I should live to seeMost vulgar Pride, that stale obstreperous clown,So fitted out with purple robe and crownTo stand among his betters! Face to faceWith outraged me in this once holy place,Where Wisdom was a favoured guest and huntedTruth was harboured out of danger,He bulks enthroned, a lewd, an insupportable stranger!I would have sworn, indeed I swore it:The hills may shift, the waters may decline,Winter may twist the stem from the twig that bore it,But never your love from me, your hand from mine.Now goes under the sun, and I watch it go under.Farewell, sweet light, great wonder!You, too, farewell,-but fare not well enough to dreamYou have done wisely to invite the night before the darkness came.
Maria Montessori|If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future.
Patricia A. Knight|Your middle name might be discreet, but mine is resourceful, Darling.
Shreya Ghoshal|My dad used to tell me, 'Look, son, opportunity does not come knocking.' It's usually running down the street, and you have to chase it down, you have to tackle it, and then you have to hang on to it.
Nora Roberts, Carolina Moon|I am what I am and I can't change it. I know how to cope and how to get by. I don't want or expect anyone to stand with me. I don't need anyone to. I've learned to accept my life just the way it is, and I don't give a damn if you or anyone else doesn't.
Laura Schlessinger|Respect for the dignity of others includes treating them as rational creatures capable of being persuadad by rational argument, even in the face of frequent evidence to the contrary.
Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You: Stories|All the time when I speak to you, even now, I'm saying not precisely what I think, but what will impress you and make you respond. That's so even between us - and how much more it's so where there are stronger motives for deception. In fact, one's so used to this one hardly sees it. The whole language is a machine for making falsehoods.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|You never kill anyone you want to kill in a war, he said to himself.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|Gender as it functions today is a grave injustice. I am angry. We should all be angry. Anger has a long history of bringing about positive change. But I am also hopeful, because I believe deeply in the ability of human beings to remake themselves for the better.
Lauren Barnholdt, Getting Close|Some people really need to be taught some manners," he said disdainfully. I stared up at him."Would you really have gotten in a fight for me?""Of course." He didn't hesitate."But there were four of them.""Beth, I'd take on Megatron's army to protect you.""Who?
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|It’s the wonderment of water that makes it so appealing: thoughts of what’s beneath the surface, or out there beyond a watery horizon.
Rick Perry|I love to deer hunt and fish and drive down the back roads in my truck. All those things basically equal freedom to me - and not having to return that message or call from my record company or management. At some point, I need to recharge.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|We lie in wait for the right moment and the just cause, which, at this moment, is simply wanting to live.
Carmen Busquets|I think that if people realize that with an mp3, you're only getting five percent of the sound that's there. But when you hear the entire thing... I think it would save the music business. It's such a drastic change.
Nick Carter|If there's anything more mortifying than being famous at 14, it's being washed up right after.
Matt Micros, Five Days: Which Days Would You Choose?|Later, months later, when Jude thought back to the way it all went down -how did a burnout like him end up straight edge?- he'd remember that ambulance, just like the one he'd been unconscious inside. Its red cross, when viewed from the right angle, was an X on its side.
Juan Williams|It feels really sad, to me, to go to a dark bedroom. It's like surrendering to the night or something.
Masashi Kishimoto|There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|Her flat looked like a mess –a coloring mess. Once you enter it, you can feel like a person had eaten all the colors and paints and brushes in the whole world and threw up there. But somehow when you enter it, you wouldn’t feel the urge to throw up, actually, the colors mixed with furniture too well, the masterpieces were drawn perfectly that you feel like you are standing in an art museum.
M.F. Moonzajer|Never quit on life, keep fighting your way through it.
Daya Kudari|I am not sure if some people are luckier than others, but one thing’s sure: right place, right time, you can define it however you want, some people get more opportunities than others.
Charles de Lint, The Mystery of Grace|But if I could just get som ehint, some sign..." Conchita smiles, without humor, but with great affection. "That's the point behind faith," she says. "It's not something you can prove....I know you hate to hear this, but you either have it, or you don't.
Marlon Wayans|There are so many things to talk about between black people, Hispanic people, white people, gay people, men, women, it's all based on fear. We all have fears, this thing that stops us from embracing as we are one. We are never going to be one. People are messed up, but humor lets us see how ignorant we can be.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Jovinderpihainu breaks it. “You are right to ask, Shari. But there is a difference between being honest and being right. Honest men lie all the time, believing that they tell the truth. Much evil is borne on the back of honest
Greg Graffin|When you focus on how wonderful God is and all the great things He's done... is doing... and even will do in your life, your natural response will be praise, adoration and awe. Don't let yourself ever get used to it... stay amazed!
Theresa Rebeck|Factually, the Temple Mount is the precise location of the Temple. It's the holiest place in the world for Jews. It's the third holiest place for Muslims. And we need to respect each others' rights, freedom of religion.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|The interesting thing about text is that, as a medium, it separates you from the person you are speaking with, so you can act differently from how you would in person or even on the phone.
Nalini Singh, Kiss of Snow|Hawke," he said. "That's the word you need to be saying.
Abraham Maslow|Education means teaching kids how to do stuff and how to think about stuff. Education is a pretty simple concept with a very clear way to measure results: you give some kind of an exam - maybe it's one of those standardized tests all kids hate, maybe it's some kind of essay, but whatever it is, it'll measure the results, and the kids will hate it.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|Three things lit her match without fail—abusive assholes, idiots who didn’t use their turn signals, and unannounced shifters moving in on her territory.
James Surowiecki|Well, you know what, I'm 60 years old, and I've been interested in politics since I was on my daddy's knee. During the 1948 election, we were praying for Truman. I know a lot about politics.
Ali Shariati|I think humans might be like butterflies; people die every day without many other people knowing about them, seeing their colors, hearing their stories... and when humans are broken, they're like broken butterfly wings; suddenly there are so many beauties that are seen in different ways, so many thoughts and visions and possibilities that form, which couldn't form when the person wasn't broken! So it is not a very sad thing to be broken, after all! It's during the times of being broken, that you have all the opportunities to become things unforgettable! Just like the broken butterfly wing that I found, which has given me so many thoughts, in so many ways, has shown me so many words, and imaginations! But butterflies need to know, that it doesn't matter at all if the whole world saw their colors or not! But what matters is that they flew, they glided, they hovered, they saw, they felt, and they knew! And they loved the ones whom they flew with! And that is an existence worthwhile!
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|No permanence is ours; we are a waveThat flows to fit whatever form it finds:Through night or day, cathedral or the caveWe pass forever, craving form that binds.
Jenna Jameson, How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale|I want to be judged by who I am as a person, not by what happened to me. In fact, all the bad things have only contributed to my confidence and sense of self, because I survived them and became a better and stronger person.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|It sometimes entered Mr. Pontellier's mind to wonder if his wife were not growing a little unbalanced mentally. He could see plainly that she was not herself. That is, he could not see that she was becoming herself and daily casting aside that fictitious self which we assume like a garment with which to appear before the world.
Ishmael Beah|Predating the Internet and predating videos, you had an active imagination. You would hear sounds and then get mental pictures of what these sounds felt like to you. It engaged you and made you more invested in it. It made you want to get tickets to the show, buy the album, put the poster on the wall. Now it's sensory overload.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|She preferred imaginary heroes to real ones, because when tired of them, the former could be shut up in the tin kitchen till called for, and the latter were less manageable.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|In the short run, technology many be more efficient than man, but it will never be perfect. Every piece of equipment will eventually reveal an error code. In the long run, man will never be perfect, but prove to be more reliable than technology.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey|In you i thought i had found,someone to share lifes ups and downs.Friends then lovers, I did it right,each day with you in felt so bright.But i was a fool to think it could last,that for me your heart could beat as fast.Where i gave you my heart for free,you only ever loaned yours to me.In hindsight the warning signs were there,but i was too loved up, too happy to care.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Great things often come from actions and decisions taken by others, that are deemed wild, stupid or unreasonable at the time, but later prove to be very useful.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|When someone dies, it feels like the hole in your gum when a tooth falls out. You can chew, you can eat, youhave plenty of other teeth, but your tongue keeps going back to that empty place, where all the nerves are still a little raw.
Zarqa Nawaz, Laughing All the Way to the Mosque|Why did God want us to remember these painful stories? I could only think of one reason. Having faith is more than just believing; it's about living with fear and self-doubt and working through those feelings until they bring some sort of answer.-page 101, Chapter "Hajj
Philip Yancey, The Jesus I Never Knew|She [the Virgin Mary] was normal. She had already had other children. The Bible tells us that Jesus had two brothers. Virginity, as it relates to Jesus, is based on a different thing: Mary initiated a new generation of grace. A new era began. She is the cosmic bride, Earth, which opens to the heavens and allows itself to be fertilized.
Nihar Sharma, Hijacked!|I’m taking the leap, I’m learning to fly.
Morris F. Cohen, An Introduction to Logic and Scientific Method|Takes more than combat gear to make a man Takes more than a license for a gun Confront your enemies, avoid them when you can A gentleman will walk but never run 
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You cannot be responsible for some things that happen on earth. You may attempt to act, God alone will decide. Some things are mysteries!
Madison Thorne Grey, Sevin|Careful, Miss Cavanaugh," he whispered. "You don't know what you're asking." He lowered his face to her neck, dragging his lips along her skin up to her ear. "If I steal more from you, if I give you more, I'll want it all and won't let up for a very, very long time.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|So that's how we live our lives. No matter how deep and fatal the loss, no matter how important the thing that's stolen from us--that's snatched right out of our hands--even if we are left completely changed, with only the outer layer of skin from before, we continue to play out our lives this way, in silence. We draw ever nearer to the end of our allotted span of time, bidding it farewell as it trails off behind. Repeating, often adroitly, the endless deeds of the everyday. Leaving behind a feeling of immeasurable emptiness.
Saul Bellow, Seize the Day|Everybody wants to have intimate conversations, but the smart fellows don't give out, only the fools. The smart fellows talk intimately about the fools, and examine them all over and give them advice.
Ratish Edwards|Loving someone who never loved you, is like remembering a face you never saw.No matter how hard you try, result never changes.
Elder Porphyrios|...The life of the parents is the only thing that makes good children. Parents should be very patient and ‘saintlike’ to their children. They should truly love their children. And the children will share this love! For the bad attitude of the children, says father Porphyrios, the ones who are usually responsible for it are their parents themselves. The parents don’t help their children by lecturing them and repeating to them ‘advices’, or by making them obeying strict rules in order to impose discipline. If the parents do not become ‘saints’ and truly love their children and if they don’t struggle for it, then they make a huge mistake. With their wrong and/or negative attitude the parents convey to their children their negative feelings. Then their children become reactive and insecure not only to their home, but to the society as well...
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Whosoever is delighted in solitude, is either a wild beast or a god.
Robert Fritz, The Path of Least Resistance|There is a time in every life when paths are chosen, character is forged. I could have chosen a different path. But I didn’t. I failed myself.
Dan Simmons, Ilium|Silence is not a reply. However, it shows a way of avoiding further discussion and critical questions and the escape from the reality or idiocy, since it is a personal diplomacy.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|I looked from one to the other, and realized that Barrons and my dad were having one of those wordless conversations he and I have from time to time. Though the language was, by nature, foreign to me, I grew up in the Deep South where a man’s ego is roughly the size of his pickup truck, and women get an early and interesting education in the not-so-subtle roar of testosterone.
Kathy-Diane Leveille, Standing in the Whale's Jaw|One day, you’ll fall for somebody. At first, you’ll fight it, because you won’t understand. But when you do, Tess, you’ll know that he’s the one--the one you would die for.
Sarah Ruhl, Eurydice|A wedding is for daughters and fathers. The mothers all dress up, trying to look like young women. But a wedding is for a father and daughter. They stop being married to each other on that day.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|God doesn't create imitations, so He designed you naturally. It’s ungratefulness to dream of putting on unnatural self. You have no right to fake God’s design!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Your encounters will be more successful when you slow down, pay attention, and become more mindfully aware of the world around you. Heightening your awareness in your social, situational, contextual, orientational, and cultural scenarios will improve your agility as you adapt to new social settings.
Kyra Lennon, If I Let You Go|Erica had asked me a million times. 'Madison, are you sure you’re just the child minder? He pays you a lot of money for doing hardly anything.' Pushing aside the blatant insinuation that I was his weekend whore, I’d always told her the absolute truth. He’d never so much as looked at me inappropriately, let alone anything more.
Peter Loptson|If man was a logical creature: his last suspect—namely, his mouth—was going to be the first; whenever he thinks that someone, or, something is smelly.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|I totally allow myselfto feel every emotion,whatever it isand I observe itfrom my inner spaceof love and silence.
Evan Williams|To lovers of the truth, nothing can be put before God and hope in Him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Money can cloud your vision. Sometimes, God takes away the money and uses times of adversity to refine us like gold.
Tom Walsh|Unfortunately, we don't have all that many good examples to follow. The people that our cultures label as "successful" are the ones who have become wealthy or famous or celebrities, but the truly successful people--those who have become happy and who are living happy, loving, giving lives--aren't often featured in our newspapers or newscasts. We see the politicians and the criminals and the athletes and the entertainment "stars," but we don't see the people who can truly inspire us to be happy by being just who we are.
Elaine Bernard|With deregulation, privatisation, free trade, what we're seeing is yet another enclosure and, if you like, private taking of the commons. One of the things I find very interesting in our current debates is this concept of who creates wealth. That wealth is only created when it's owned privately. What would you call clean water, fresh air, a safe environment? Are they not a form of wealth? And why does it only become wealth when some entity puts a fence around it and declares it private property? Well, you know, that's not wealth creation. That's wealth usurpation.
Claire Legrand, Some Kind of Happiness|Even though on the outside we glittered like gold, inside we were almost as black as coal. Sometimes the glitter people saw was only the shattered pieces reflecting among the broken glass.
Yukio Mishima, Death in Midsummer and Other Stories|She did not know it, but she was actually in despair at the poverty of human emotions. Was it not irrational that there was nothing to do except weep when ten people died, just as one wept for but a single person?
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Accountants are in the past, Managers are in the present, and Leaders are in the future.” - combine to rise up SUCCESS -
Kai Meyer, The Glass Word|I see, I see! From association Messala, in boyhood, was almost a Jew; had he remained here, he might have become a proselyte, so much do we all borrow from the influences that ripen our lives; but the years in Rome have been too much for him. I do not wonder at the change; yet”--her voice fell--“he might have dealt tenderly at least with you. It is a hard, cruel nature which in youth can forget its first loves.
William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek|If you seem to be happy in this place of solitude, you will acquire a great reputation for wisdom, and I know, by my own experience, that under the cloak of a great reputation it is possible to hide whole treasures of folly. (“The Story of Princess Zulkais and the Prince Kalilah”)
Brenda Wilmoth Lerner, Infectious Diseases: In Context|Just as a warrior must anticipate his enemy’s behavior and reactions and understand the dangers, and just as a hunter must know the behavior patterns of animals that he hunts, in order for us to heal, to achieve and maintain a state of mental and physical health,we must be in touch with our body and be aware of the symptoms of illness. Our ability to heal, and the healing process itself, should never be taken for granted. Vanity often keeps us from accepting that we’ll all inevitably face cycles of being weaker and stronger,sicker and healthier.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|How can love be worthy of its name if one selects solely the pretty things and leaves out the hardships? It is easy to enjoy the good and dislike the bad. Anybody can do that. The real challenge is to love the good and the bad together, not because you need to take the rough with the smooth but because you need to go beyond such descriptions and accept love in its entirety.
Jean-Paul Sartre|There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.
Will Advise|I'm a cat. You know cat's don't like to go outside. They actually drop their smell all over a place, and that becomes their place. So when you live with a cat, you actually live at the cat's house.
Alisa Mullen, Unrequited|In the fulfillment of every divine destiny, there are seasons of shadows and season of sunshine, recognizing the season makes the journey beautiful.
Jeb Bush|We awoke one morning in September, and the world lurched on its axis.
Pearl S. Buck|Love cannot be forced, love cannot be coaxed and teased. It comes out of heaven, unasked and unsought.
Marcel Proust|There was something lacking – in him, he thought, not in the place. He was not up to it. He was not strong enough to take what was so generously offered. He felt himself dry and arid, like a desert plant, in this beautiful oasis. Life on Anarres had sealed him, closed off his soul; the waters of life welled all around him, and yet he could not drink.
Christopher Brookmyre, Bedlam|In a mounting panic the samnite hefted his rifle and delivered a blast straight to Skullhammer's chest, point blank. Once again, torment and debilitation failed to ensue. 'Well, this is awkward,' said Juno.
Paul Greenberg|Now the line is: Forget the classics, concentrate on an education for the 21st century! Which apparently means knowing how to operate electronic devices and figure out a spreadsheet. That's not education, it's vocational training. What once were means seem to have become ends in education. And our more with-it "educators" shift with every passing wind, clutching at the latest gimmick the way drowning men do at straws.
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Religion of the Future|In such a view, time is not emergent. It is, in fact, the only aspect of reality that cannot emerge from a more fundamental background. We register its reality, always and everywhere, by recognizing the differential character of change: some things change relative to other things. However, the kinds of things that there are also change, and so do the ways in which they change. That is what time is: the transformation of transformation.
James Patterson|Hello, Max," he said quietly, searching my face. "How do you feel?"Which was a ten on the "imbecilic question" scale of one to ten. Why, I feel fine, Jeb," I said brightly. "How about you?"Any nausea? Headache?" Yep. And it's standing here talking to me.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|I mean what else is there for a woman to do if she doesn't want to go from the parental to the marital home with nothing in between? 'An educated woman,'Millie amended. 'An educated woman,' Ursula agreed.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
Osman Bakar, Tawhid and Science|To Judaism Christians ascribe the glory of having been the first religion to teach a pure monotheism. But monotheism existed long before the Jews attained to it. Zoroaster and his earliest followers were monotheists, dualism being a later development of the Persian theology. The adoption of monotheism by the Jews, which occurred only at a very late period in their history, was not, however, the result of a divine revelation, or even of an intellectual superiority, for the Jews were immeasurably inferior intellectually to the Greeks and Romans, to the Hindus and Egyptians, and to the Assyrians and Babylonians, who are supposed to have retained a belief in polytheism. This monotheism of the Jews has chiefly the result of a religious intolerance never before equaled and never since surpassed, except in the history of Christianity and Mohammedanism, the daughters of Judaism. Jehovistic priests and kings tolerated no rivals of their god and made death the penalty for disloyalty to him. The Jewish nation became monotheistic for the same reason that Spain, in the clutches of the Inquisition, became entirely Christian.
Ovid|Unquestionably, it is possible to do without happiness; it is done involuntarily by nineteen-twentieths of mankind.
Debasish Mridha|To avoid the pain of loss, give up attachment.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|When their chatter died to a contented lull, a small red squirrel ventured out of the oak grove and turned to the side, watching them with one bright black eye."An intruder," Annabelle observed, with a delicate yawn.Evie rolled to her stomach and tossed a bread crust in the squirrel's direction. He froze and stared at the tantalizing offering, but was too timid to advance. Evie tilted her head, her hair glittering in the sun as if it had been overlaid with a net of rubies. "Poor little thing," she said softly, casting another crust at the timid squirrel. This one landed a few inches closer, and his tail twitched eagerly. "Be brave," Evie coaxed. "Go on and take it." Smiling tolerantly, she tossed another crust, which landed a scant few inches from him. "Oh, Mr. Squirrel," Evie reproved. "You're a dreadful coward. Can't you see that no one's going to harm you?"In a sudden burst of initiative, the squirrel seized the tidbit and scampered off with his tail quivering. Looking up with a triumphant smile, Evie saw the other wallflowers staring at her in drop-jawed silence. "Wh-what is it?" she asked, puzzled.Annabelle was the first to speak. "Just now, when you were talking to that squirrel, you didn't stammer.""Oh." Suddenly abashed, Evie lowered her gaze and grimaced. "I never stammer when I'm talking to children or animals. I don't know why.
C. V. Raman|I studied computer science and graphic design, yeah, so music was self-taught and a backburner thing, an obsessive hobby.
John Flavel|Above all the studies in the world, study your own hearts; waste not a minute more of your precious time about frivolous & unsubstantial controversies. My dear flock, I have, according to the grace given me, labored in the course of my ministry among you, to feed you with the heart strengthening bread of practical doctrine, and I do assure you, it is far better you should have the sweet and saving impressions of gospel truths, feelingly and powerfully conveyed to your hearts, than only to understand them by a bare ratiocination, or a dry syllogistical inference. Leave trifling studies to such as have time lying on their hands and know not how to employ it. Remember you are at the door of eternity, and have other work to do. Those hours you spend upon heart-work in your closets, are the golden spots of all your time and will have the sweetest influence up to your last hour.
Donald J. Trump, Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again|Our country, our people, and our laws have to be our top priority.
|The Lies, are so many,that eyes are getting blind.
Masashi Kishimoto|You said you want to became Hokage. I have become the Kazekage. If you are willing to bear the name Kage, you have to do what you must do.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Daemon clung to Surreal as she flew along the Winds, too weak to argue, too spent to care. His heart, however... His heart held on fiercely to Jaenelle's soft, sighing caress of his name.Everything has a price.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|A positive mental attitude can improve your health, enhance your relationships, increase your chances of success, and add years to your life.
Johnny Mathis|Christmas is never going to go away, and it's always going to be there. And there's always room for one more Christmas song, I think.
John Flanagan, The Royal Ranger|Somebody needs to be in charge! They may not always like what you’re doing, but press on!” My late uncle, CSM, US Army (Ret) Harris L. Parker, Airborne Ranger, aka Hardcore
Gavriil Stiharul|Miracles don't just happen on their own you know, you got to make them happen.
D. L. Robinson Red Death|He said, “If God lived on Earth people would stalk his Facebook page and leave nasty comments on his Pinterest site.” Then it sunk in- timing was everything and social media was the devil.
Echo and the Bunnymen, Echo And The Bunnymen|Fate, up against your
Bandile M Matsenjwa|You see, I was ready to swim deep for youBut you felt like this was skin deep for youNo coffin, but I'd die for youNo coughing, but I'd lie for you
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|When you give your mind, body, and heart the message that you are worth the effort of being conscious, miraculous things start to happen.
Coco J. Ginger|It's all mine, it's all sacred.
Jennifer Crusie, Welcome to Temptation|Sophie held the [hand]cuffs higher, hopint to instill some sense of shame, if not in him, then at least in herself. One look at him and she wanted him again. "I found them in the bed.""That makes sense," Phin said. "That's where I lost them.""I'd ask what you were doing with them," Sophie said, trying not to sound bitchy, "but I probably don't want to know, do I?""Sure you do. It was exciting and different and depraved." Phin nodded toward the stairs. "Go put them someplace we can find them, and I'll show you later.
Luhraw|When Verlaine and Rimbaud were young,” [Snyder] said, they were protesting the iron-grip bourgeois rationality had on all aspects of nineteenth-century French culture— the manners, the view of reality, and the exclusion of ‘the wild’ from public life. Rationality in business and society were dominant values. ‘Deranging the senses’ was one strategy artists like Verlaine and Rimbaud employed to break free of that.“Today,” he continued, “the bourgeoisie is sociopathic, overindulged, distracted, spoiled beyond measure, and unable to restrain its gluttony, even in the face of pending planetary destruction. In the face of such a threat, it has, by necessity, become the responsibility of the artist to model health and sanity.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|It doesn’t matter whether someone thinks I’mshort or tall, but it matters if I stand tall in my owneyes—because I know my disciplines, I know whatI’m doing, I know whether I’m doing it or not doing it.It doesn’t have to be published in some local paper,as long as I know that I’m paying the price and that Ideserve the applause and I deserve the prize. That’swhat’s exciting. That’s why this goal setting is soimportant. It challenges you to grow. It challengesyou to become more than you are, to move up to thenext level. And that’s key.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When an empty person sits on an empty chair, the chair will still remain empty!
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|If anyone thinks interracial "anything" is a big deal, they're probably inbred.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|It is always good to have friends. Friends may be considered as part of the family because you have created and unbreakable bond. But, sometimes we outgrow certain people. We no longer have the same interests or outlook on life. That is when you realize that the friendship has to be maintained from a distance. Therefore, you create a new avenue in your life by removing toxic people who defeat your purpose.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Oh golly, Brer Fox, your forthright assertion—that evolutionary biology disproves the idea of a creator God—jeopardises the teaching of biology in science class, since teaching that would violate the separation of church and state!' Right. You also ought to soft-pedal physiology, since it declares virgin birth impossible
Ayize Jama-Everett, The Liminal People|She sounded angry. That was the way she'd been as long as he'd known her. If she became ill, it irritated her. She was annoyed by sickness. She seemed to regard it as a personal affront.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Dreams aren't finish lines to be reached at the close of a race. They don't suddenly materialize, fulfilled, where the road ends. The entire journey is included in the dream―all of it from beginning to forevermore. You're on that journey right now; hence, you're living the dream. Enjoy it.
Kendra Wilkinson|I didn't get hugely famous really quick. It was a slow, gradual process, so I was able to sort of grow into myself and figure out who I was and what I wanted without the glaring spotlight on me telling me who I was.
Johannes Stark|If you need to take a step back from day-to-day operations and plot out the long-term direction of your user experience strategy, consultants can give you a perspective you can't get on your own.
Ash Gray|We have books and films where mice and hobbits and dwarves and children can save the world, and that's perfectly acceptable. But a 120lb woman save the galaxy? YOU GO TOO FAR, SIR.
Fiona Apple|After Fergie and Prince Andrew honeymooned at Le Touessrok in Mauritius, Bobby, my late husband, and I were first to stay in their suite. We enjoyed the benefits - all the spoils and the special luxuries. We practically had our own private beach, and it was most romantic.
J.D. Means|Everything is inspiration. If you look at the world as the incredible place it is, then each moment is a feast.
Melinda K. Trotter, Poopsie the Pet White Mouse|Everything has an origin in it, and animals are no exception.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is a sacred time, when the soul desire to know the spirit.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|And sometimes I do freak out. Sometimes I get offended. I feel anxious, but it’s okay, because it usually goes away.
Evangeline Lilly|Polka dots can't stay alone. When we obliterate nature and our bodies with polka dots, we become part of the unity of our environments.
Sophie Scholl|I am, now as before, of the opinion that I did the best that I could do for my nation. I therefore do not regret my conduct and will bear the consequences that result from my conduct.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|In November 2011, San Francisco magazine ran a story on female entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley and illustrated it by superimposing the featured women's heads onto male bodies. The only body type they could imagine for successful entrepreneurship was wearing a tie or a hoodie. Our culture needs to find a robust image of female success that is first, not male, and second, not a white woman on the phone, holding a crying baby.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|The scriptures are just books. It all depends on you, whether you are going to learn goodness and compassion from them, or use them to destroy your environment.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|When, and only when, you clearly see the inner roots to an outer condition, can you change them and thus it.
Katherine McIntyre, An Airship Named Desire|Writers choose to drink because of their inability to cope with the daily hassles of being part of a society. Why shouldn’t they? Every day an intelligent human being is plagued with bills, horrifying news stories and general idiocy that slowly grinds away at their psyche, breaking off pieces of it that may never fit again.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You: Just the Words|If love and beauty were easy to find, they would not exist.Chaos and sadness exist in order for you to find the love and beauty in them. So that love and beauty mean something.It's meant to be hard.
Dada Bhagwan|In the worldly life, self-serving pride (swa-maan) is considered a good quality and arrogant pride (abhimaan) as a bad quality.
