Walter Wink, Homosexuality and Christian Faith: Questions of Conscience for the Churches|Hunters for gold or pursuers of fame, they all had gone out on that stream, bearing the sword, and often the torch, messengers of the might within the land, bearers of a spark from the sacred fire.
Śāntideva|What need is there to say more?The childish work for their own benefit,The Buddhas work for the benefit of others.Just look at the difference between them.If I do not exchange my happiness, for the suffering of others, I shall not attain the state of Buddhahood.And even in Samsara I shall have no real joy. The source of all misery in the world lies in thinking of oneself;The source of all happiness lies in thinking of others.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|The benevolent gentleman is sorry; but, then, the thing happens every day! One sees girls and mothers crying at these sales, always! it can't be helped, etc.; and he walks off, with his acquisition, in another direction.
Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry|After all, it’s pretty hard to be prejudiced against blacks and gays when you’re a-okay with Klingons and the Green Men of Mars.
Ben Lerner, Leaving the Atocha Station|Experience is the best school,Failures, Mistakes, Embarrassments, and Heartaches are teaching there,Offering only one lesson called Life,That you could only finish once you're dead!
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|St. Vincent and I didn't expect to fall in love. It caught us both unaware.""Yes, but how did you know?""It was the moment I realized he was willing to die for me. I don't think anyone, including St. Vincent, believed he was capable of self-sacrifice. It taught me that you can assume you know a person quite well- but that person can s-surprise you. Everything seemed to change from one moment to the next- suddenly he became the most important thing in the world to me.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|The nature of life is mess, chaotic, exquisitely beautiful, excruciatingly painful, immensely joy-filled, and unpredictable.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The P's of life:Passion, Persistence, Perseverance.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Roads Go Ever OnRoads go ever ever on,Over rock and under tree,By caves where never sun has shone,By streams that never find the sea;Over snow by winter sown,And through the merry flowers of June,Over grass and over stone,And under mountains in the moon.Roads go ever ever on,Under cloud and under star.Yet feet that wandering have goneTurn at last to home afar.Eyes that fire and sword have seen,And horror in the halls of stoneLook at last on meadows green,And trees and hills they long have known.The Road goes ever on and onDown from the door where it began.Now far ahead the Road has gone,And I must follow, if I can,Pursuing it with eager feet,Until it joins some larger way,Where many paths and errands meet.The Road goes ever on and onDown from the door where it began.Now far ahead the Road has gone,And I must follow, if I can,Pursuing it with weary feet,Until it joins some larger way,Where many paths and errands meet.And whither then? I cannot say.The Road goes ever on and onOut from the door where it began.Now far ahead the Road has gone.Let others follow, if they can!Let them a journey new begin.But I at last with weary feetWill turn towards the lighted inn,My evening-rest and sleep to meet.
Karen E. Quinones Miller|When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.
Yasmine Sherif (The Case for Humanity: An Extraordinary Session)|Through contemplation we become a reflection of the soul rather than the head. And, in the soul dwells a greater mind.
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|Just one person. It really honestly just takes one positive person. One positive person can help you. And that can go a long, long way. - Alexis
Noam Chomsky|It's an extraordinary thing to meet someone who you can bare your soul to. And who will accept you for what you are. I've been waiting, what seems like a very long time, to get beyond what I am. And with Bella, I feel like I can finally begin. So I'd like to propose a toast to my beautiful bride. No measure of time with you will be long enough. But let's start with forever.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Most people on earth are just spending time at work, in school or in church without having anything of value to show for it.
Anton Chekhov|I can always choose, but I ought to know that if I do not choose, I am still choosing.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|My idea of good company, Mr Elliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people, who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.""You are mistaken," said he gently, "that is not good company; that is the best. Good company requires only birth, education, and manners (...)
Blaise Cendrars, Dix-neuf poèmes élastiques de Blaise Cendrars: Edition critique et commentée|ContrastsThe windows of my poetry are wide open on the boulevards and in the shop windowsShineThe precious stones of lightListen to the violins of the limousines and the xylophones of the linotypesThe sketcher washes with the hand-towel of the skyAll is color spotsAnd the hats of the women passing by are comets in the conflagration of the eveningUnity There's no more unityAll the clocks now read midnight after being set back ten minutesThere's no more time.There's no more money.In the ChamberThey are spoiling the marvelous elements of raw material("Contrasts")
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Just know that I always have, and always will really love you, Lisa. Baby or no baby. Past or no past. I loved you then and I love you now.
Neil Marshall|I could share an hour of warm camaraderie with Dad, then once I'd walked out the door, get the uncanny feeling I'd disappeared into the wings of his mind's stage, like a character no longer necessary to the ongoing story line.
John Wray, The Lost Time Accidents|It is a shock to many college graduates that their segway into the real world is one of obligation, profound debt, and countless sacrifices of the soul.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|Our father. We have killed him, and we will kill him again, and our world will kill him. And yet he is there. It is he who listens at the door. It is he who is coming. It is our father who is about to be born. Through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Alain Robert|I can't distract myself enough here, for sketches to a new opera are constantly buzzing around in my head, to the extent that I need all my strength to wrest myself from them.
Jennifer J. Freyd|We propose that use of the term “false memory” to describe errors in memory for details directly contributes to removing the social context of abuse from research on memory for trauma. As the term “false memories” has increasingly been used to describe errors in details, the scientific weight of the term has increased. In turn, we see that the term “false memories” is treated as a construct supported by scientific fact, whereas other terms associated with questions about the veracity of abuse memories have been treated as suspect. For example, “recovered memories” often appears in quotations, whereas “false memories” does not (Campbell, 2003).The quotation marks suggest that one term is questioned, whereas the other is accepted as fact. Accepting “false memories” of abuse as fact reflects the subtle assimilation of the term into the cognitive literature, where the term is used increasingly to describe intrusions of semantically related words into lists of related words. The term, rooted in the controversy over the accuracy of abuse memories recalled during psychotherapy (Schacter, 1999), implies generalization of errors in details to memory for abuse—experienced largely by women and children (Campbell, 2003)."from: What's in a Name for Memory Errors? Implications and Ethical Issues Arising From the Use of the Term “False Memory” for Errors in Memory for Details, Journal: Ethics & Behavior
Kate Mildenhall, Skylarking|Look at yourself from the space! You are very little, you are so tiny! But there is something big in you: Your great ideas! Even from the space they look big because they have the power to change the universe, to change the space!
Harry Leslie Smith|On some level, with its carrousels and castle and cowboys, its mysterious jungle and its animated characters, Disneyland is a highly idealized elaboration of our childhoods. It can be seen as a portal through which we revisit (maybe even heal) our youth.
Michelle Templet|They who suspect a Mephistophiles, or sneering, satirical devil, under all, have not learned the secret of true humor, which sympathizes with gods themselves, in view of their grotesque, half-finished creatures.
Corey Ann Haydu, OCD Love Story|Our feelings and intuition are two of our greatest gifts. Too often we don't trust, rely, or act on them. ~Amanda Owen
Sandra Lee|I like day-after-Christmas omelets, day-after Christmas pizzas... Or you take croissant rolls, put gravy on top, turkey, mashed potatoes, cheese, more gravy. That sounds good!
Christine Feehan, Mind Game|Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting.
Garry Shandling|It's funny how all of this has worked out - I wasn't popular in high school, but now every drunken guy in the United States wants to be my pal. They all want to buy me a shot, and pretty soon I'm throwing up.
David Ben-Gurion|The time of the third millennium is the time when the people of God will walk, covered byGod’s glory, performing great wonders and miracles.
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|She's it. She's my everything. She's the standard by which I'll judge beauty for the rest of my life. I'll measure every touch to her breath on my skin. Every voice to her voice. Every mind to her mind. My measure of perfection. The name carved into me. If I could, I would lie with her under these stars until my heart burst.
Farid F. Ibrahim|You might pass by those who're stuck in the bottle neck while you are swimming in your whiskey, be kind !
Alexandra Martin, Siren's Call|No, you don’t get to touch yourself in my car.”“Why not?” It wasn’t a whine, it wasn’t. My voice was too deep to whine. It was more of a… whoan. Or something. I couldn’t think.“Three reasons. One, I don’t want to get into an accident trying to keep my eyes on you. Two, if I got into an accident, or if we were pulled over for indecent exposure, the mood killing would be the least of our problems. Three,” and here it was, the tone I loved, that I could barely wait for even though I knew I wasn’t going to like what he had to say, “for the rest of the night, that’s mine. Don’t touch it.
Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic|He shook his head, staring at her like a condemned man who beheld the face of his executioner. "Aline," he whispered, "Do you know what hell is?""Yes." Her eyes overflowed. "Trying to exist with your heart living somewhere outside your body.""No. It's knowing that you have so little faith in my love, you would have condemned me to a lifetime of agony." His face contorted suddenly. "To something worse than death.
The New Yorker Magazine|We are not punished for our sins, we are punished by them. We can't live with guilt for the whole of our lives..
Marc Curtis, Growing Up Military: Every Brat Has A Story, Vol. One|Born at Letterman Army Hospital. I never actually lived in San Francisco. It's not my home town, but then, I don't have one. I'm a nomad...a gypsy...an Army Brat. Put me on an airplane, send me anywhere. That's where I belong...anywhere.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When it comes to manifesting anything you desire, sometimes you have to go and collect.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I wont take no for an answer. I will use this to bind you to my bed until you change your mind if you dont answer the way I want you to. Will you marry me?"She grinned. "I dont know." Her attention fixed on the tie for a few seconds before she met his gaze again. "I might be tempted to say no just to get you to tie me to your bed.
Julian Barnes, Arthur & George|Arthur was frequently baffled by the complacency with which people went on with what they insouciantly called their lives, as if both the word and the thing made perfect sense to them.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I don't just have only the peace of God, I do also have a God who gives peace, not just resources but the revelation of His presence.
Gary Taubes|Time and again our best and brightest have alerted society to looming problems, but our persistent pattern has been to ignore the warnings and suffer the consequences. The pathetic refrain of recent years --'Nobody saw this coming'--is always a self-serving lie.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Clever talk, ingratiating looks, fawning reverence: Tso-ch’iu Ming found that shameful, and so do I. Friendly while harboring resentment: Tso-ch’iu Ming found that shameful, too, and so do I.
Cynthia Voigt, Come a Stranger|You could slap his wrist for saying it, but then he said it with his face, and you could spank him for making faces, but then he said it with his eyes, and there were limits to correction—no way, in the end, to penetrate behind the blue irises and eradicate a boy’s disgust.
Kevin Hearne, Hunted|I’ve never run this far before," he said at one point. "Or this fast for so long. It’s better than sticking your head out a car window, that’s for sure."My theory is that Oberon might be a master of Tao. He always sees what we filter out. The wind and the grass and something in the sky, sun or moon, shining on our backs as we run: They are gifts that humans toss away like socks on Christmas morning, because we see them every day and don’t think of them as gifts anymore. But new socks are always better than old socks. And the wind and grass and sky, I think, are better seen with new eyes than jaded ones. I hope my eyes will never grow old.
Daniel Willey|There are literally billions of people on earth. There are some that won’t admit it, but all of those people want friends.
Tara Bray Smith|Certain bookworms eat books. Eat them, swear in them, spill things on them.
Iwan Goll|It’s not that fact of him telling me he’s not going to kill me that assures me I’ve got some time to breathe. Predo could look me in the eye and tell me whiskey’s good and cigarettes are better and I’d still need a drink and a Lucky to believe he’s not lying. The man breeds lies. He spawns them asexually, with no need for any assistance. He exhales and lies fill the air. Alone in a room, he mutters lies to himself to keep from falling into the trap of truth-telling. In the day, sleeping in his bed, deep in the safest heart of Coalition headquarters, he dreams in lies. The better to keep his left hand from knowing what betrayals his right has planned.Stretched on the rack and burned with hot irons, Dexter Predo will be in no danger of revealing the truth. Living so far beyond its borders.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|I want to assure you with all earnestness, that no writing is a waste of time, – no creative work where the feelings, the imagination, the intelligence must work. With every sentence you write, you have learned something. It has done you good. It has stretched your understanding.
Chiang Kai-shek|Peace is neutral, and not very sexy.
Marie Lu, Champion|In morning Don't go out of bed with dirty thoughts. As new day begins first thing God do is "bless our thoughts.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|And while it’s nice of you to want to call us ‘modern’ or ‘moderate,’ we’ll do without the redundancy. Islam is by definition moderate, so the more strictly we adhere to its fundamentals — the more moderate we’ll be. And Islam is by nature timeless and universal, so if we’re truly Islamic — we’ll always be modern.We’re not ‘Progressives’; we’re not ‘Conservatives’. We’re not ‘neo-Salafi’; we’re not ‘Islamists’. We’re not ‘Traditionalists’; we’re not ‘Wahabis’. We’re not ‘Immigrants’ and we’re not ‘Indigenous’. Thanks, but we’ll do without your prefix.We’re just Muslim.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|A leader’s first duty is to look after his or her people, especially those who are sick, hungry, or thirsty.
Alexandra Potter, Don't You Forget About Me|My chest tightens: seeing him so upset breaks my own heart. 'Don't you ever wish you could make that bit go away?" I say, feeling angry at the past. 'That you could erase those painful memories, forget they every happened, just remember the happy times you had together?''You must never say that,' he reprimands sternly.'But why not?' I look at him in surprise.'Because it's the bad memories that makes you appreciate the good ones. Don't ever wish them away. it's like your nan always used to say, "You need both the sun and the rain to make a rainbow".
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|If love finds you again, don’t fight it. Don’t let grief hold you back. Love is a risk. There are no guarantees. But, in the end, it is always, always worth it.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|Dancy closes her eyes, remembering all the times that have been so much worse than this, all the horror and shame and sorrow to give her strength. The burning parts of her no one and nothing can ever touch, the fire where her soul used to be.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|For Hitschmann and Bergler, 'frigidity' had a single criterion: 'absence of the vaginal orgasm.' The standard was unqualified and absolute. A woman who did not enjoy intercourse: frigid. Women who derived sexual pleasure from acts other than intecourse were frigid too. Nothing else mattered, only whether a woman had an orgasm because a man's penis was inside her vagina. Sexually agressive women were labeled 'frigid' because of the association between masculinity and aggressiveness. Womanhood that was not passive was not properly womanly. "Frigidity," as Jane Gerhardt points out, "thus became a label and a diagnosis that defined how much sexual desire a woman must have and in what kinds of sexual behavior she must engage to be 'healthy'.
Margaret Mead|There is nothing which can better deserve your patronage, than the promotion of science and literature. Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.
Marta Mrotek, Miracle in Progress: A Handbook for Holistic Recovery|Once you commit and decide that there is no turning back, you’ll find the strength.
Vince Lombardi|In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself - limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist.
Martin Luther|What would it profit us to possess and perform everything else and be like pure saints, if we meanwhile neglected our chief purpose in life, namely, the care of the young?
Ashly Lorenzana|We judge others instantly by their clothes, their cars, their appearance, their race, their education, their social status. The list is endless. What gets me is that most people decide who another person is before they have even spoken to them. What's even worse is that these same people decide who someone else is, and don't even know who they are themselves.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|After that, he drank all the rest of the sherry, and Mr. Hubble drank the port, and the two talked (which I have since observed to be customary in such cases) as if they were of quite another race from the deceased, and were notoriously immortal.
Brendon Burchard|A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
Michael Gaitley, The One Thing Is Three: How the Most Holy Trinity Explains Everything|In every human act of charity, something larger, greater, divine has come down to visit the act.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|My theory is that the Supernatural is the Impossible, and what is called the supernatural is only something in the laws of nature of which we have been hitherto ignorant.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most human beings strongly believe that money is way less important than the life of a human being, but in reality five hundred, fifty, or even five dollars are way more important to the lives of most human beings than the lives of most human beings.
Kamand Kojouri|If I can’t be your love, then let me be a simple brooch so I may rest a while against your chest. If I can’t be your love, then let me be a forgotten coin so I may rest a while against your thigh. If I can’t be your love, then let me be an unlit cigarette so I may rest a while in between your lips. If I can’t be your love, then let me at least remain in these words so I may rest a while in your thoughts.
Helen Keller|We may talk a good game and write even better ones, but we never outgrow those small wounded things we were when we were five and six and seven.
Deborah Sampson|We have had in our nation a well-celebrated Declaration of Independence. But our success as a country will depend upon a new 'Declaration of Inter-dependence.' A belief in how much we need each other, how much we share one common destiny.
Sunday Adelaja|Responsibility for the consequences of actions is not the price of freedom, but one of its rewards.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I love you, Josie, and I am devoted to making your life full of happiness and accomplishments, ensuring that you thrive to your fullest potential and that while you reach for the sky, you remain grounded by the love of our family and our home.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Light and flow is what shifts the world’s vibration, not the stagnation and resistance that comes with opposition.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|A happy birthday is measured not in the amount of gifts one gets, but in the amount love one receives.
Estee Lauder|To devise an information processing system capable of getting along on its own - it must handle its own problems of programming, bookkeeping, communication and coordination with its users. It must appear to its users as a single, integrated personality.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Community is not an ideal; it is people. It is you and I. In community we are called to love people just as they are with their wounds and their gifts, not as we want them to be.
T.A. Barron, The Lost Years|And I came to understand, in a way I never had before, that books are truly the stuff of miracles. I even dared to dream that someday, somehow, I might surround myself with books from many times and many tongues...
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|I can talk to fish!" Angel said happily, water dripping off her long, skinny body. "Ask one over for dinner," Fang said, joining us.
Avijeet Das|Sveta had much less to say, but she sat with Lev and held his hand, and when I asked her what had made her fall in love with him, she replied, ‘I knew he was my future. When he was not there, I would look for him, and he would always appear by my side. That is love.’ Sveta
Mary Morrell, Things My Father Taught Me About Love|Belittling nostalgia is a frightened man's parlor trick. Be grateful for any prize. Even a paper fortress, albeit briefly, provides shelter from the rain.
Sharon Sant|This girl, this impossibly sweet girl, was his present and his future, despite his past. Fate had to be smiling at him. He couldn't imagine life without this dark haired beauty. Those beautiful hazel eyes reached into his heart and took hold.
Charles-Auguste de Beriot|The true mission of the violin is to imitate the accents of the human voice, a noble mission that has earned for the violin the glory of being called the king of instruments
C. JoyBell C.|Today I wondered why my eyelashes aren't thick enough and why my feet aren't small enough. Then it hit me. Why do we take these insignificant things like millimeters on lashes and shoeboxes and then try to fit ourselves into those stupid molds? Why do I take the beauty that is me, and measure it up to a shoe size? A length of hair on my eyes? Am I not the more wonderful creation, far more great than those stupid things? Why do we take ourselves and desecrate ourselves daily? Pushing ourselves into cubicles because we think we are supposed to fit into them? Are we ice cubes? And suddenly I just don't understand the inadequacies anymore! Because they're not even inadequacies, at all! I will laugh and be beautiful.
Anna Asche|I’m quietly sipping my coffee,sitting on the deck,settled in to my little jungle of herbs and buzzing bees,letting my thoughts wander, soaked in the warmth of the rising sun.Breathing in and out the soft air filling the moment with fluids of peace.
Norman Schwarzkopf|My relationship with my grandmother has gone from strength to strength. As a shy, younger man it could be harder to talk about weighty matters. It was: 'This is my grandmother who is the Queen, and these are serious historical subjects.'
Ramana Pemmaraju|I am THAT, I AM! Why should I be perfect.. when I'm already imperfectly perfect. And that's what is unique and perfect about me. I love that I am that I love that I am!
Stephen Covey|The more articulate one is, the more dangerous words become.
Bette Davis|For newcomers, modelling is like a stepping stone to acting. The exposure and experience in modelling helps... But for acting, we have to show a lot of hard work and dedication towards it.
Jennifer Ann Holt|The only people I am aware of who don’t have troubles are gathered in peaceful, little neighborhoods. There is never a care, never a moment of stress and never an obstacle to ruin a day. All is calm. All is serene. Most towns have at least one such worry-free zone. We call them cemeteries.
Susan Browne, Buddha's Dogs|Let us live for passion,/ for the taking off of clothes,/tossing them over our shoulder.
Clifford Odets, Golden Boy|You make me feel too human, Joe. All I want is peace and quiet, not love. I'm a tired old lady, Joe, and I don't mind being what you call "half dead." In fact it's what I like. The twice I was in love I took an awful beating and I don't want it again! I want you to stop it! Don't devil me, Joe. I beg you, don't devil me...
J.M. Coetzee, The Lives of Animals|I want to find a way of speaking to fellow human beings that will be cool rather than heated, philosophical rather than polemical, that will bring enlightenment rather than seeking to divide us into the righteous and the sinners, the saved and the damned, the sheep and the goats.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|She was a free bird one minute: queen of the world and laughing. The next minute she would be in tears like a porcelain angel, about to teeter, fall and break. She never cried because she was afraid that something 'would' happen; she would cry because she feared something that could render the world more beautiful, 'would not' happen.
John Malkovich|Because you know when you first become famous, you start walking a little different because people are staring at you.
Matsuri Hino|I want to bask deeply in the taste of his blood, in that flowing crimson filled with his feelings melted in it...
Jade Kosche|As a sea is full of drops of liquid, I was but one in the ocean of WarMany are swept ruthlessly into the battering, bashing waves, and only few survive to swim to shore
Troian Bellisario|My dad was an attorney. The last thing he ever thought about was clothes, and yet somehow he always looked good.
Selena Gomez|I grew up with my mom being very, very cheap, so when it's free, I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's free - I have to take as much as I can!'
Hans Denck|O my God, how does it happen in this poor world that you are so great and yet nobody finds you, that you call so loudly and yet nobody hears you, that you are so near and yet nobody feels you, that you give yourself to everybody and yet nobody knows your name? Men flee from you and say they cannot find you; they turn their backs and say they cannot see you; they stop their ears and say they cannot hear you.
Kris Kidd, I Can't Feel My Face|I don't judge those who can't dream, those who need to pierce their arms to create different worlds under their skin, because I am fortunate in the tools of my escapes
C. JoyBell C.|You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|...art must must carry man's craving for the ideal, must be an expression of his reaching out towards it; that art must give man hope and faith. And the more hopeless the world in the artist's version, the more clearly perhaps must we see the ideal that stands in opposition - otherwise life becomes impossible! Art symbolises the meaning of our existence.
Faisal Attari|No,matter how sinful we are there is a way to repent.
Joy Manne, Was the Buddha a Shaman?|Buddha is someone with a very advanced self-concept. His self-esteem is perfect; he has gone beyond doubt; he knows, and he is confident of his knowledge; he expresses himself with conviction. When the Buddha talks of himself in the first person he does so with clarity. He has a strong sense of identity and knows very well who he is. He gives accounts of his life experiences in the first person.
Jean Edward Smith, Eisenhower in War and Peace|Dearest love, let me count the ways. Dismemberment, garroted, poisoned, drowned, named. I read that as soon as a species is named it begins its travels up the endangered list. Discovery meaning death.
Soojung Jo, Ghost of Sangju|Destiny is not always preordained. Life is about making choices. Our lives are the sum of all the choices we make, the bridges we cross, and the ones we burn. Our souls cast long shadows over many people, even after we are gone. Fate, luck, and providence are the consequence of our freedom of choice, not the determinants. When justice is served by following our principles, making good decisions brings us inner peace.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf|The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.
Esther Dalseno, Drown|Father, you are asking me to sacrifice the only girl I love so you can openly have the woman you love.
Justin Buzzard, The Big Story: How the Bible Makes Sense out of Life|Whether through an outwardly prideful life of breaking the rules or an inwardly prideful life of keeping the rules, we are people who have sought to avoid Jesus and run our own lives.
Thrity Umrigar|Why worry, if today be sweet'?
Amy Bloom|Men do not know what they do not know, and women should not tell them.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Anti-digital mindsets are those “status quo” types of thinking, authoritarian attitude, and bureaucratic decision-making.
Joel C. Rosenberg, The Ezekiel Option|Many go to great lengths to discover God's will or to hear His voice, yet we only need to open His Book.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Our sense of history has grown dangerously thin, and our sense of proportion with it.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|Are you letting culture, not scripture, determine your sexuality, how you date, how you present yourself, how you engage in certain relationships with members of the opposite sex? We need to be very clear that the way we do life is different than the rest of the world.
Justin Amash|The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Musing takes place in a kind of meadowlands of the imagination, a part of the imagination that has not yet been plowed, developed, or put to any immediately practical use…time spent there is not work time, yet without that time the mind becomes sterile, dull, domesticated. The fight for free space — for wilderness and public space — must be accompanied by a fight for free time to spend wandering in that space.
Nicole  Lyons|She will rise. With a spine of steel and a roar like thunder, she will rise.
Delaine Robins|When you fail, embrace it. Bleed. Get hurt. Lose your religion. That's the only way you will do amazing things.
Lady Bird Johnson|The study of the art of motorcycle maintenance is really a miniature study of the art of rationality itself. Working on a motorcycle, working well, caring, is to become part of a process, to achieve an inner peace of mind. The motorcycle is primarily a mental phenomenon.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, the mistake is in where one says he has objections. There should be no objection to anything.
Madeleine L'Engle|It's not my brain that's writing the book, it's these hands of mine.
Ciara|Being an Australian that's been No. 1 in the world back home playing in Australia, that's a pretty cool moment to have.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|We would soon be on our way to war, where mercy is unwise and kindness has no place.
Edward Albee, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?|Martha: Oh, I like your anger. I think that's what I like about you most. Your anger.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Her mother had smelled of cold and scales, her father of stone dust and dog. She imagined her husband's mother, whom she had never met, had a whiff of rotting apples, though her stationary had stunk of baby powder and rose perfume. Sally was starch, cedar, her dead grandmother sandalwood, her uncle, swiss cheese. People told her she smelled like garlic, like chalk, like nothing at all. Lotto, clean as camphor at his neck and belly, like electrified pennies at the armpit, like chlorine at the groin. She swallowed. Such things, details noticed only on the edges of thought would not return. 'Land,' Mathilde said, 'odd name for a guy like you.''Short for Roland,' the boy said.Where the August sun had been steaming over the river, a green cloud was forming. It was still terrifically hot, but the birds had stopped singing. A feral cat scooted up the road on swift paws. It would rain soon.'Alright Roland,' Mathilde said, suppressing as sigh, 'sing your song.
Eugene V. Debs|God created us for love, for union, for forgiveness and compassion and, yet, that has not been our storyline. That has not been our history.
Brian  Doyle, The Plover|There are some silences that are so huge, and fraught, and haunted, and weighed, and shocked, that they just are; there's nothing you can say about them that makes any sense. All you can do is witness them, and feel some deep ache that such things arrive, and must be endured, with wordless aching all around.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, it is not the thorn on the rose that we should see, but the beauty of the gesture.
Catherynne M. Valente|What is unbelief but the despair, dictated by the dominant powers, that nothing can really change?
Tom Giaquinto|Sometimes, there is a lot of darkness in this world. As I see it, you have two choices. You can be a part of that darkness or you can be the light. Be the light.
Mahsati Abdul|loosing character is not easy, behind lots of hard work
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Admire your offenders for they are never your offenders. They are only teachers in the class of forgiveness, tolerance and patience. How can you learn how to forgive when you have not been offended? How can you learn how to forgive seventy seven times seven when people have not offended you seventy seven times? Smile if you get offended, there is a lessons to learn!
Margot Adler, Vampires Are Us: Understanding Our Love Affair with the Immortal Dark Side|Vampires, contrary to popular belief, don't incinerate when exposed to sunlight. If that were true, there would be a heck of a lot more stories about spontaneous combustion around the world. They are, however, very sensitive to sunlight and their skin cannot take long term exposure without damaging and burning it, which was painful. From Vampire Princess Rising book two of the Winters Saga
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|Tolstoy said, 'The antagonism between life and conscience may be removed either by a change of life or by a change of conscience.' Many of us have elected to adjust our consciences rather than our lives. Our powers of rationalization are unlimited. They allow us to live in luxury and indifference while others, whom we could help if we chose to, starve and go to hell.
Kapil Dev|We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Productiveness is your acceptance of morality, your recognition of the fact that you choose to live--that productive work is the process by which man's consciousness controls his existence, a constant process of acquiring knowledge and shaping matter to fit one's purpose, of translating an idea into physical form, of remaking the earth in the image of one's values--that all work is creative work if done by a thinking mind, and no work is creative if done by a blank who repeats in uncritical stupor a routine he has learned from others--that your work is yours to choose, and the choice is as wide as your mind, that nothing more is possible to you and nothing less is human--that to cheat your way into a job bigger than your mind can handle is to become a fear-corroded ape on borrowed motions and borrowed time, and to settle down into a job that requires less than your mind's full capacity is to cut your motor and sentence yourself to another kind of motion: decay--that your work is the process of achieving your values, and to lose your ambition for values is to lose your ambition to live--that your body is a machine, but your mind is its driver, and you must drive as far as your mind will take you, with achievement as the goal of your road--that the man who has no purpose is a machine that coasts downhill at the mercy of any boulder to crash in the first chance ditch, that the man who stifles his mind is a stalled machine slowly going to rust, that the man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap, and the man who makes another man his goal is a hitchhiker no driver should ever pick up--that your work is the purpose of your life, and you must speed past any killer who assumes the right to stop you, that any value you might find outside your work, any other loyalty or love, can be only travelers you choose to share your journey and must be travelers going on their own power in the same direction.
Dian Fossey|I see a bright future for the biotechnology industry when it follows the path of the computer industry, the path that von Neumann failed to foresee, becoming small and domesticated rather than big and centralized.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Ecce Homo|How much truth does a spirit endure, how much truth does it dare?
François de La Rochefoucauld|No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|This explosive psychological 'sneaking' occurs when a woman suppresses large parts of self into the shadows of the psyche. In the view of analytical psychology, the repression of both negative and positive instincts, urges, and feelings into the unconscious causes them to inhabit a shadow realm. While the ego and superego attempt to continue to censor the shadow impulses, the very pressure that repression causes is rather like a bubble in the sidewall of a tire. Eventually, as the tire revolves and heats up, the pressure behind the bubble intensifies, causing it to explode outward, releasing all the inner content. The shadow acts similarlyY We find that by opening the door to the shadow realm a little, and letting out various elements a few at a time, relating to them, finding use for them, negotiating, we can reduce being surprised by shadow sneak attacks and unexpected explosions.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|All we really want is for no one to have a boring life, to be impressive, so we can be impressed. ~ on the friends we choose.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|If you can't stop thinking about it, don't stop working for it.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|If neither crying nor laughing can change my circumstances, then I rather go through them laughing.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|Are you afraid?""Yes.""Energy never stops, remember. It just changes forms.""I am still afraid.
Jen Turano, In Good Company| Since I don't know what execrable means, I though I should look it up so I'll be better equipped to deal with whatever I'm about to see." Ignoring the ladies' tottering Millie continued perusing the pages until she found the word she was looking for. Lifting her head after she read the definition, she glanced around. "Begging your pardon Mrs. Cutling, but I don't see anything out here of a wretched or"- she returned her attention to the dictionary- "abominable nature. Although" -she flipped the pages to the A's -" I don't know what that means either.
Jean Baudrillard, The Consumer Society: Myths and Structures|Briefly stated, the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect is as follows. You open the newspaper to an article on some subject you know well. In Murray's case, physics. In mine, show business. You read the article and see the journalist has absolutely no understanding of either the facts or the issues. Often, the article is so wrong it actually presents the story backward—reversing cause and effect. I call these the "wet streets cause rain" stories. Paper's full of them.In any case, you read with exasperation or amusement the multiple errors in a story, and then turn the page to national or international affairs, and read as if the rest of the newspaper was somehow more accurate about Palestine than the baloney you just read. You turn the page, and forget what you know.That is the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect. I'd point out it does not operate in other arenas of life. In ordinary life, if somebody consistently exaggerates or lies to you, you soon discount everything they say. In court, there is the legal doctrine of falsus in uno, falsus in omnibus, which means untruthful in one part, untruthful in all. But when it comes to the media, we believe against evidence that it is probably worth our time to read other parts of the paper. When, in fact, it almost certainly isn't. The only possible explanation for our behavior is amnesia.
Wogu Donald|I am not the best because I said it, I am the best because I live it
Maria Dahvana Headley, Magonia|I'm dark matter. The universe inside of me is full of something, and science can't even shine a light on it. I feel like I'm mostly made of mysteries.
Bertrand Russell, New Hopes for a Changing World|Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man, and our politicians take advantage of this prejudice by pretending to be even more stupid than nature made them.
Henry Lawson|There are a few people who are, let's say, personality-challenged, who would like to set up a cult, but in large part they fail due to the innate stroppiness and independence of their fellow pagans.
Donald L. Hicks, The Divinity Factor|Money is an inanimate object. It can do good works or bad works depending on the hands that wield it, and the hearts governing those hands.
Garrison Keillor, Pontoon|Evelyn was an insomniac so when they say she died in her sleep, you have to question that.
Barbara C. Doyle, Finding Redemption|Mother knocked once on my door and walked in my room to see me on my bed with the book tight in my grasp. She looked at my night dress and smiled.	“Expecting company?” She asked.	I flushed. “It was a gift from Aunt Rose. It is only fair that I wear it considering I do not see her that often anymore.” My voice was firm as I looked down at my night dress.	The fabric was silky, and the color was minty-green. It made my skin tone much more noticeable and it made my hair stand out from the rest of me.	“Are you sure you are not expecting Alexander?” She asked me sitting at the edge of my bed with a smile not only on her face, but in her eyes.	“Why do you insist I dress for him?” I returned.	“I did not insist that,” Mother answered softly. “I was simply curious as to why you were wearing it. Plus,” Mother flashed me a bright smile. “I saw Alexander walking around the corridor a few minutes ago.”	My heart raced.	Mother could see my reaction to that and looked back at my night dress. “It is a very pretty dress; I just wish you were to get it in a year or two from now. It seems so….”	“Grown up?” I offered.	“I suppose it does, yes,” Mother agreed quietly. She ran her hand on the lace that covered the bottom rim of the dress and said, “However the word I was going to say was…suggestive.
Daniel Handler|I write longhand on legal pads, about half at home and half in cafes. I drink a lot of water and eat a lot of raw carrots.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Simple and plain things can touch your heart very easily! If you can be simple and plain, you can touch every heart!
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|MDMA, it was beginning to be apparent, could be all things to all people.
Sunday Adelaja|That person in the mirror is just the outside, your earth suit; the real you resides on the inside
John Updike, Rabbit Is Rich|We owe God a "double debt" incurred by our passive receipt of Adam's debt but also by our active disobedience. The extent of our depravity is such that we also owe a "daring debt" because we challenge not only God's Law but His very grace as we blame Him that He has not done enough.
Ben Goldacre|Truth by definition is exclusive. If truth were all-inclusive, nothing would be false.
Morgan Rhodes, Rebel Spring|Evil is a choice one makes, not a natural state of being.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single" means you are brave enough to face the glorious unknown of the unaccompanied journey.
Arthur Schopenhauer|I've been doing a lot of learning from mistakes, first and foremost, and building off that.
Jean Cocteau|Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.
Kate Elliott, Cold Steel|[T]he full and complete development of a country, the welfare of the world and the cause of peace require the maximum participation of women on equal terms with men in all fi
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|But Alfanhui didn't want to abuse the rosemary, because one shouldn't tell a lot in one day, since the stories lose their strength.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|If you don’t do anything to capture and draw your memories—no matter whether you choose words, pencil, photography, or filming—the only place where they have a chance to exist is in your head, which can’t be called the most reliable place to store them; soon, they’d be lost forever… leaving no trace, like they never existed… like YOU never existed… same as those billions and billions of lives that had already disappeared from the world.
Nicole Scherzinger|I never said I wanted a 'happy' life but an interesting one. From separation and loss, I have learned a lot. I have become strong and resilient, as is the case of almost every human being exposed to life and to the world. We don't even know how strong we are until we are forced to bring that hidden strength forward.
Bruno Bettelheim|The method of political science is the interpretation of life; its instrument is insight, a nice understanding of subtle, unformulated conditions.
William  O'Brien, Peter: A Darkened Fairytale|Many years ago, plunging was discovered when the moon was in two halves- it's all about dreams, you see
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|No matter how much I tried to justify the affair, the fact remained that I was a deceitful person. One moment I was making out with a man and an hour later I was in bed with another man. Who had I become? What had I lost in life that led me to do this? Did I not have a perfect life? Was I not happy? Of course, I was happy. I knew I was happy and content. Had I become greedy? I was in a maze and I could not find a way out.
Lierre Keith, The Vegetarian Myth: Food, Justice, and Sustainability|This is why militarism is a feminist issue, why rape is an environmental issue, why environmental destruction is a peace issue.
BadSquirrel|I'm not saying you're weak, but you brawl like a couple of girls having a pillow fight.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The ragamuffin gospel reveals that Jesus forgives sins, including the sins of the flesh; that He is comfortable with sinners who remember how to show compassion; but that He cannot and will not have a relationship with pretenders in the Spirit.
Jojo Moyes, Silver Bay|I liked to be off by myself, away from the eyes of adults who always had some task or errand to demand of an unoccupied child.
Mikko Hypponen|Well, you know, too much democracy is a sort of sad thing.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|The library smells like old books — a thousand leather doorways into other worlds. I hear silence, like the mind of God. I feel a presence in the empty chair beside me. The librarian watches me suspiciously. But the library is a sacred place, and I sit with the patron saint of readers. Pulsing goddess light moves through me for one moment like a glimpse of eternity instantly forgotten. She is gone. I smell mold, I hear the clock ticking, I see an empty chair. Ask me now and I'll say this is just a place where you can't play music or eat. She's gone. The library sucks.
Patrick Carman, The Tenth City|Oh I don't know,' he said. 'But maybe, maybe love should be a kind of journey
Shashi Tharoor|India is not, as people keep calling it, an underdeveloped country, but rather, in the context of its history and cultural heritage, a highly developed one in an advanced state of decay.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|As our fathers said, you can tell a ripe corn by its look.
John Goodsir, Anatomical and pathological observations|If the results of the present study on the chemical nature of the transforming principle are confirmed, then nucleic acids must be regarded as possessing biological specificity the chemical basis of which is as yet undetermined.
Sylvia Plath|Love knows not from where you came, what religion you are, or even your name. Discover it and you will be whole, for when you do you have found your soul.
Joseph von Eichendorff, Aus dem Leben eines Taugenichts|At last the gardener arrived, mumbling something about rascals and country bumpkins, and took me out into the park, giving me a lengthy lecture as he did so. I was instructed to be sober and industrious, and not to wander about aimlessly or waste my time in unproductive activities: if I heeded this counsel, he said, I might in time achieve something. He gave me much other useful and well-phrased advice too, but I have since forgotten almost all of it.
James Ellroy, The Big Nowhere|It was a street of conformity; where identical houses were painted at the same time every spring, a place of rules where gardens, parenthood and the future were planned with equal care, and even if everything went wrong the master plan remained in effect–keep up appearances, clip the hedges, mow the lawn, so that no one will suspect that there’s a third mortgage and that Mother’s headaches are caused by martinis not migraine.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|If you go back through history, you’ll find that the people who have been most eager to rule, to make the laws, to enforce the laws and to tell everybody exactly how God Almighty wants things here on Earth— those people have forgiven themselves and their friends for any-thing and everything. But they have been absolutely disgusted and terrified by the natural sexuality of common men and women.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|When I lay down on my deathbed, I want to know that I have done all I could to be a first rate human, not a third rate pawn of the gods.
Fela Durotoye|A year from today, it will be Good if your life is positively different, but GREAT if your life has made a positive difference on others
Kamand Kojouri|Don’t say to yourself, ‘Everyone argues!’ to justify and normalise your fighting, when the most natural thing is to love.
Alfred Tennyson|But thy strong Hours indignant work’d their wills,And beat me down and marr’d and wasted me,And tho’ they could not end me, left me maim’dTo dwell in presence of immortal youth,Immortal age beside immortal youth,And all I was, in ashes. - Tithonus
Søren Kierkegaard|David: And you think it can just evaporate? Even if at one time they loved one another?Marx: That's one of the sad truths of existence. Nothing in this world is permanent. Even the characters created by the great Shakespeare will, in millions of years, cease to exist—when the universe runs its course and the lights go out.
Karen Rodwill Solomon, The Price They Pay|The next significant incident would change Steven forever: an apartment building fire. Steven and another officer arrived to the sounds of the screams of parents desperately trying to find their children. They ran inside believing there were three children trapped; they scooped them up and ran outside with a feeling of elation and relief. They had saved the children from certain death. The feeling was short lived. A frantic mother approached them, “Where’s my daughter?”Steven and the other officer tried to reenter the building but the fire had become too intense. All they could do was watch in horror as a partial wall of the building collapsed, revealing the child’s location. They could see and hear her, but they couldn’t save her. Her screams were mixed with the screams of her mother. Eventually her screams were silenced and she was no longer visible. Her mother continued to wail in pain, others dropped to their knees and sobbed while the first responders choked back their own tears and finished their jobs, the emotion overwhelming. Every person on the scene was altered that day. A piece of every one of them became part of the ashes.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I did not want to spend my time reading about people who never were, doing things they never did.
Shannon Wiersbitzky, What Flowers Remember|It’s funny how even when you’ve lived with someone your whole life, they can still surprise you.
Pope Benedict XVI, Light of the World: The Pope, the Church, and the Signs of the Times - A Conversation with Peter Seewald|I thought, gazing at the beauty of the landscape again, it is as though the fiend has prevailed against the angels, and fixed his throne in a heaven, to rule it as though it were Hell.
Debasish Mridha|Love is waiting for you lifting to hand, open your heart, and accept it.
Bella Hadid|As far as rap goes, I grew up in Hollis, Queens, so early influences were people like Run DMC and LL Cool J.
Alexei Maxim Russell, The New Homeowner's Guide to House Spirits|A valid contract requires voluntary offer, acceptance, and consideration.
Jonathan Sacks|I wrote a screenplay for a 'Sweet Valley High' adaptation, and it's really amazing to me how many women who are my age have responded to the idea and are excited about the movie.
Stephen Richards|Stop harboring grudges against those who have wronged you, it just holds you back when you really want to be in the NOW.
K.W. Jeter, Infernal Devices|What we've done is make the categories of science fiction and fantasy larger, freer, and more inclusive than any other genre of contemporary literature. We have room for everybody, and we are extraordinarily open to genuine experimentation.
Adriano Bulla|The journey to the light starts with a candle. Once it's lit, darkness has gone forever.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Why?” she whispered. “Why should I dance with you?”“Because I love you. Because I love you so much I’m willing to do whatever it takes to make it go differently this time.”... "Because we should be a married couple, because I never wanted to not be married to you. Because all these men out here dancing with their wives can’t possibly love them as much as I love you. Because for me, there is only one woman, and I’m sorry to break it to you, but you’re it.
Milton Rokeach, The Three Christs of Ypsilanti: A Psychological Study|She'd been a good nurse, and now she'd never be a nurse again. She was bitter about it and had turned herself into the slut bride from Planet X, as if even in human form, she wanted people to know what she was now: different, other. Trouble was, she looked like a thousand other teens and early twenties who also wanted to be different and stand out.
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|A mathematician, like a painter or a poet, is a maker of poems. If his patterns are more permanent than theirs, it is because they are made with ideas.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|She was the third beer. Not the first one, which the throat receives with almost tearful gratitude; nor the second, that confirms and extends the pleasure of the first. But the third, the one you drink because it's there, because it can't hurt, and because what difference does it make?
Sheldon Vanauken, A Severe Mercy: A Story of Faith, Tragedy and Triumph|Both Heaven and Hell are retroactive, all of one's life will eventually be known to have been one or the other.
Peter Singer|The Dallas model, prominent in the South and Southwest, sees a growing population as a sign of urban health. Cities liberally permit housing construction to accommodate new residents. The Los Angeles model, common on the West Coast and in the Northeast Corridor, discourages growth by limiting new housing.
Avijeet Das|She says she loves me infinity power infinity power infinity into infinity! And I look at the sky, smile, and 'sigh!
Dada Bhagwan|If egoism is there, the benefit of the Self cannot be obtained and if the Self is there, the benefit of egoism cannot be obtained.
Dave Kellett|School is learning things you don't want to know, surrounded by people you wish you didn't know, while working toward a future you don't know will ever come.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|We believe we are seeking happiness in love, but what we are really after is familiarity. We are looking to re-create, within our adult relationships, the very feelings we knew so well in childhood and which were rarely limited to just tenderness and care. The love most of us will have tasted early on came entwined with other, more destructive dynamics: feelings of wanting to help an adult who was out of control, of being deprived of a parent’s warmth or scared of his or her anger, or of not feeling secure enough to communicate our trickier wishes.How logical, then, that we should as adults find ourselves rejecting certain candidates not because they are wrong but because they are a little too right—in the sense of seeming somehow excessively balanced, mature, understanding, and reliable—given that, in our hearts, such rightness feels foreign and unearnt. We chase after more exciting others, not in the belief that life with them will be more harmonious, but out of an unconscious sense that it will be reassuringly familiar in its patterns of frustration.
Robert Trabold, Watching the River Flow By: Selected Poems|Is this what I am doing now?Watching the currents, passagesof life around me.I am not looking for books to explainmore with their words, butlistening to poets with their imagery, symbols, listening to my own feelings as Icontinue my pilgrimage in this life,pausing, watching, catching glimpsesof deeper down things.-Deeper Down Things
Jennifer Sodini|Art, even the art of fullest scope and widest vision, can never really show us the external world. All that it shows us is our own soul, the one world of which we have any real cognisance. And the soul itself, the soul of each one of us, is to each one of us a mystery. It hides in the dark and broods, and consciousness cannot tell us of its workings. Consciousness, indeed, is quite inadequate to explain the contents of personality. It is Art, and Art only, that reveals us to ourselves.
Sabina Nore|The problem of teaching, therefore, is getting not the facts but the context from my brain to yours.
James K.A. Smith, Imagining the Kingdom: How Worship Works|The particular creature we love is never God’s rival. What ends in apostasy is the worship of man, the cult of humanity.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|Peace is one thing, revolution is another. You were either impatient or highly optimistic to think one would lead to the other. – Panchali Draupadi.
Tim Wise|Arguably the most important parallel between mass incarceration and Jim Crow is that both have served to define the meaning and significance of race in America. Indeed, a primary function of any racial caste system is to define the meaning of race in its time. Slavery defined what it meant to be black (a slave), and Jim Crow defined what it meant to be black (a second-class citizen). Today mass incarceration defines the meaning of blackness in America: black people, especially black men, are criminals. That is what it means to be black.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Every time someone starts a project he is considered nuts, until he beats all the odds and laughs the last.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|God forgive me everything!’ she said, feeling the impossibility of struggling...
Michael Bassey Johnson|I’ll meet you tomorrow morning at ten in your office, and explain everything. In the meantime, go home and get some sleep.” “I have a meeting with McConnell and Baroja tomorrow at ten A.M. to review some procedures,” he said. Now, that was the J.B. I knew. Never mind the demon attack; procedures needed reviewing.
Elena Kagan|As a judge, when I saw veterans in legal trouble, I created the state's first veterans court to help them get treatment and get back on their feet.
Edward O. Wilson, On Human Nature|We are a biological species arising from Earth’s biosphere as one adapted species among many; and however splendid our languages and cultures, however rich and subtle our minds, however vast our creative powers, the mental process is the product of a brain shaped by the hammer of natural selection upon the anvil of nature.
Stacey Thacker, Hope For The Weary Mom|When we pour out our miseries, He hears a melody of us needing and desiring what only He can give.
Kevin Mitnick|I went from being a kid who loved to perform magic tricks to becoming the world's most notorious hacker, feared by corporations and the government.
Gillian Firth, Gillian Mk2|There is already enough wars in this world. Love was not meant to be one of them, Save the ammunition.
Dawn Dais, The Nonrunner's Marathon Guide for Women: Get Off Your Butt and On with Your Training|Kevin knew he had to always outrun the enemy inside him, and if that meant playing football, he'd do it. During puberty, he had taken off running and found too late that he couldn't stop. In dreams that turned into nightmares he ran in fear, ripped from sleep in a sweat, shouting,"Run!
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|The beauty of adversity is that when we hit bottom, the only way to go is up.
Daisy Ridley|I find 'Fatal Attraction' really romantic. I really like the seduction. Almost every time I see it, I'm surprised when it goes dark. I know that's the claim to fame, but I key into how genuinely romantic it is.
Maggie Georgiana Young|A vast number of people bemoan the lack of love in their lives and one must wonder if it's because they're looking for a "type" or have a list of requirements that someone else has to meet first, in which case it's no wonder that they miss out, because when you love, it's not that all that you were looking for is found in another, it's that the person you love ends up making you see they are what you wanted all along; love, after all, is usually found in unforeseen places with the most unexpected people.
Damien Hirst|It's completely logical," explained the Dodecahedron. "The more you want, the less you get, and the less you get, the more you have. Simple arithmetic, that's all. Suppose you had something and added something to it. What would that make?""More," said Milo quickly."Quite correct," he nodded. "Now suppose you had something and added nothing to it. What would you have?""The same," he answered again, without much conviction. "Splendid," cried the Dodecahedron. "And suppose you had something and added less than nothing to it. What would you have then?""FAMINE!" roared the anguished Humbug, who suddenly realized that that was exactly what he'd eaten twenty-three bowls of.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are never old with the strength of the spirit, although the body may fail.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|Simply put, feminism is a movement to end sexism, sexist exploitation and oppression. I liked this definition because it does not imply that men were the enemy.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|A cheerful frame of mind, reinforced by relaxation... is the medicine that puts all ghosts of fear on the run.
Matthew Donnelly|Consciousness is in this present moment, the awareness with every cell in your body the direct and experience of love.
Debasish Mridha|Work like it is your passion, vision, and mission. Love like you are drunk with love without intermission.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Insofar as there shall always be a desire, there shall always be a want and there shall always be a need
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|Do you really think anyone in this world, compares to you in my eyes?
Chris Fussell|When I went to the prosecutor's office, I wanted to be one of the good guys that the defense could trust. I'd try fair, clean cases, pull no punches, no below-the-belt stuff. Honorable. Because that's the kind of prosecutor I wanted to deal with.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We are going to win our freedom because both the sacred heritage of our nation and the eternal will of the Almighty God are embodied in our echoing demands. So however difficult it is during this period, however difficult it is to continue to live with the agony and the continued existence of racism, however difficult it is to live amidst the constant hurt, the constant insult and the constant disrespect, I can still sing we shall overcome. We shall overcome because the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice.We shall overcome because Carlisle is right. "No lie can live forever." We shall overcome because William Cullen Bryant is right. "Truth crushed to earth will rise again." We shall overcome because James Russell Lowell is right. "Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on the throne."   Yet that scaffold sways the future. We shall overcome because the Bible is right.  "You shall reap what you sow." With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to speed up the day when all of God's children all over this nation - black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old negro spiritual, "Free at Last, Free at Last, Thank God Almighty, We are Free At Last.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|In a brutal country like ours, where human life is 'cheap', it's stupid to destroy yourself for the sake of your beliefs. Beliefs? High ideas? Only people in rich countries can enjoy such luxuries.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Insanity is the ability to communicate your ideas. It’s as if you were in a foreign country, able to see and understand everything that’s going on around you but incapable of explaining what you need to know or of being helped, because you don’t understand the language they speak there.
Liat Segal|One thing that is clearer to me every day is how much we all have in common, and one of those commonalities is that we all think we are alone.
Henry Johnson Jr|Oh, there are no living poets, Miss Van Damn. We're not entirely sure there ever were. They've found some shreds of sonnets in England and, embedded in a chalk wall of a cave in France, some yet undetermined thing which might be the legendary inward eye. But all evidence, such as it is, suggests that, if there ever were poets, they were all burned into extinction during the interglacial period of despair.
Jeffrey Stepakoff, The Orchard|An apple tree is just like a person. In order to thrive, it needs companionship that's similar to it in some ways, but quite different than others.
Elizabeth Bourgeret, Pillow Talk: Connecting More Deeply to the One You Love- One Question at a Time|Trust creates the sharing of ideas, plans, and feelings that becomes a gift that you can treasure.
Dana Marton, Girl in the Water|Quickly, Ian learned the danger of holding her. Once he allowed his arm around her, letting her go was nearly impossible.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I have been mocked by beauty, too. But it was the beauty which cost me nothing that in the end turned upon me.
Debasish Mridha|When I see that humanity is suffering, it tears my heart. I cry, and then I extend my hand to help heal my heart.
Gordon Ramsay|I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future.
Madame Leota|You try, you fail, you try, you fail; the only true failure is when you stop trying.
Ashley Chunell|Stick to what you know and always be true to yourself. If you do that, your writing will be true, also.
Mark F. LaMoure|You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Be inspired. Believe in yourself. Practice at becoming an excellent person at what you want. Rome wasn't built in a day, so have patience, as you build your life with success and boldness.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If blood can produce money through rituals or the so-called human sacrifice, then it is the basis on which we live, so it is very essential to save and protect it from the fiendish eyes of blood sucking predators.
Ann Druyan|I found myself facing a Christian Science Reading Room. My God! It had been eight years. There had never been any renunciation of religion on my part, but like so many people, it was a gradual fading away.
Marilyn Suttle|After each customer interaction, notice if you gave them a “happy to see you” kind of experience.
Crystal Marcos|You should listen to even the smallest voice, someday it could be the one that makes a difference.
Kristen Casey, Lost in Love|When George spotted the pinup girl of his fondest fantasies across that cheesy bar, he had no idea what his pickup line was going to be. All he knew was that he had to get to her, right that second, and stake his claim. He didn’t give two shits if she was meeting someone, or was there with friends. That bird was going to be his.
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|Religion divides us, while it is our human characteristics that bind us to each other.
Thomas M Smith|This country has not seen and probably will never know the true level of sacrifice of our veterans. As a civilian I owe an unpayable debt to all our military. Going forward let’s not send our servicemen and women off to war or conflict zones unless it is overwhelmingly justifiable and on moral high ground. The men of WWII were the greatest generation, perhaps Korea the forgotten, Vietnam the trampled, Cold War unsung and Iraqi Freedom and Afghanistan vets underestimated. Every generation has proved itself to be worthy to stand up to the precedent of the greatest generation. Going back to the Revolution American soldiers have been the best in the world. Let’s all take a remembrance for all veterans who served or are serving, peace time or wartime and gone or still with us. 11/11/16 May God Bless America and All Veterans.
Steve Maraboli|In never-ending efforts to defeat incumbent officeholders in hard times, the public is perpetuating the source of its discontent, electing a new group of people who are even less inclined to or capable of crafting compromise or solutions to pressing problems.
Sunday Adelaja|We must stop calling the looting of our national wealth, a share in the national cake.
Tom Holland, In the Shadow of the Sword: The Birth of Islam and the Rise of the Global Arab Empire|[T]he greater the sense of awe with which a text was regarded, the more complete might be the amnesia as to the original circumstances of its composition.
Jessica Biel|It's going to be interesting to see how society deals with artificial intelligence, but it will definitely be cool.
Ain Eineziz|Why should you care so much about what others think of you, than what you think about yourself?
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|We have grown to trust blindly in our senses of balance and reason, and I can see where the mind might fight wildly to preserve its own familiar stable patterns against all evidence that it was leaning sideways.
Stephen King, Finders Keepers|Here, at the edges,Whispering to you,And we’re not alone; not aloneHere, in the dark.We are behind the door, in the corners,In the room where you’ve just extinguished the light.We flicker in the shadow you cast on the wall.We are the prickle on the back of your neck.Curled, in words unspoken,We are the shiver on your uneasy flesh,The creep of the unknown on your skin.Can you feel us?Here, at the edges.From the Foreword of Cautionary Tales - by Emmanuelle de Maupassant
Rachel Lewis|A fortress built long ago,Walls made timeless by historic glory.The small girl in the boat slows,To listen to its story.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|‘Eighth one this week,’ he said.
Friedrich Nietzsche|You haven't even Fucking watched one piece. you're such a ignorant cunt. watch one piece. Watch it then judge, hate or whatever.
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|I'm not sure how we got to this place, where a girl's only value is in what kind of marriage she has, how capable she is of keeping a man happy.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Maybe my greater fear should not be fear itself, but what I will lose should I submit to fear.
Lauren Groff, Delicate Edible Birds and Other Stories|The familiar song of a night-singing nightingale rises from somewhere in the garden. A nightingale that in this season of cold should not be in the garden, a nightingale that in a thousand verses of Iranian poetry, in the hours of darkness, for the love of a red rose and in sorrow of its separation from it, has forever sung and will forever sing.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|I stretched out on the bed and slept. It was twilight when I awakened and turned on the light. I felt better, no longer tired. I went to the typewriter and sat before it. My thought was to write a sentence, a single perfect sentence. If I could write one good sentence I could write two and if I could write two I could write three, and if I could write three I could write forever. But suppose I failed? Suppose I had lost all of my beautiful talent? Suppose it had burned up in the fire of Biff Newhouse smashing my nose or Helen Brownell dead forever? What would happen to me? Would I go to Abe Marx and become a busboy again? I had seventeen dollars in my wallet. Seventeen dollars and the fear of writing. I sat erect before the typewriter and blew on my fingers. Please God, please Knut Hamsun, don’t desert me now. I started to write and I wrote:“The time has come,” the Walrus said,“To talk of many things:Of shoes—and ships—and sealing wax—Of cabbages—and kings—”I looked at it and wet my lips. It wasn’t mine, but what the hell, a man had to start someplace.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|most of us, as we undergo the growing up process, do not get what we want or even what we should. We get what we have, and no more, and we find out how to make what we have work for us.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|If we don't remember where we came from, we'll go back there.
Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky|Because neither she nor Port had ever lived a life of any kind of regularity, they had both made the fatal error of coming hazily to regard time as non-existent. One year was like another year. Eventually everything would happen.
Ben Rice, Pobby and Dingan|Kellyanne opened the car door and crawled into my bedroom. Her face was puffy and pale and fuzzed-over. She just came in and said: "Ashmol, Pobby and Dingan are maybe-dead." That's how she said it.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|on a bike ride through the Surrey Lanes, pedalling in my cotton dress through the hot fields blushing with poppies, freewheeling down a sudden dip into a cool wooded sanctum.
Coco Chanel|A woman who holds her head up too high, is trying to breathe from her own pollution.
Elizabeth Kolbert, The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History|According to Lamarck, there was a force—the ‘power of life’—that pushed organisms to become increasingly complex.
Jessica Coupé, Daystar Rising: A Story of the First Christmas|May every voice proclaim thy praise.And every knee bow in thy presenceThe tangible promise of our faith.May thy Charity, like a mantle, Lift us to God on high.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|The average artist has a naïve, unrealistic, and disconnected view of what the music industry is, how it works, what is involved in “making it”, and what actually is happening behind the scenes. Too many artists take at face value what they see on some TV documentary or read in a fan magazine. Whether you are working with others in a band, looking to connect with a manager, an agent, a label, or an investor, or you just want to work in the industry, it is more crucial than ever to know what you are working for and toward.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|When Hamid dropped Lata off at her house at nine that night, he felt hollow. The touch of her soft body was sheared from him like bark from a tree, and he spent the entire night tossing and turning.
Keisha Keenleyside, Memoirs of a Fighting Dog|Later, when we've found this mysterious ship of Hector's and are safely away, when I have time to rest and worry and a quiet corner to hide in, I will coldly remember that being a queen means being strategic. And I will imagine sending off the man I love to marry my sister. I'll rehearse it in my head, maybe. Get used to the feeling.
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence|While we avoid taking credit for success, women leap at the opportunity to take responsibility for failure. Men tend to externalize the reasons for their failure, putting it off on something or someone else. Not so women, who absorb blame as if they were born to be societys doormats. (Some women like to speak of their willingness to take blame as if it were a form of altruism. It isn't. Women take the blame because they find it scary to confront those who are actually culpable of wrongdoing.)
Rosanne Moreland|Photography is a way of feeling, of touching, of loving. What you have caught on film is captured forever…it remembers little things, long after you have forgotten everything.
Malcolm X|I know the expression love bloomed is metaphorical, but in my heart in this moment, there is one badass flower, captured in time-lapse photography, going from bud to wild radiant blossom in ten seconds flat.
Ayn Rand|What was worse, being crazy or being evil?
John Scalzi|Dreher laments we now live in a “post-Christian” America, but he’s wrong. The Americans who are standing with their loved ones and neighbors are in fact doing exactly what Jesus asked them to do, when he said that we should love each other as we love ourselves. It’s possible, however, that we live in a post-accepting-bigotry-cloaking-itself-in-the-raiments-of-Christ America. And, you know. I can live in that America just fine.
Jenni Ferrari-Adler, Alone in the Kitchen with an Eggplant : Confessions of Cooking for One and Dining Alone|I am more modest now, but I still think that one of the pleasantest of all emotions is to know that I, I with my brain and my hands, have nourished my beloved few, that I have concocted a stew or a story, a rarity or a plain dish, to sustain them truly against the hungers of the world.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|When thinking is overrated And friends are easy to make, Check if it's too complicated Knowing yourself somehow... Inner peace's not hard to take, Never lost or underestimated. Get out of social media... NOW!
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|The days that followed passed slowly. I lay in my hotel room and watched the kind of strange European TV that would probably make perfect sense if I understood the language, but because I didn’t, the programs just seemed dreamlike and baffling. In one studio show a group of Scandinavian academics watched as one of them poured liquid plastic into a bucket of cold water. It solidified, they pulled it out, handed it around the circle, and, as far as I could tell, intellectualized on its random misshapenness. I phoned home but my wife didn’t answer. It crossed my mind that she might be dead. I panicked. Then it turned out that she wasn’t dead. She had just been at the shops.
Mohammed Sekouty|Success need more than jumping,You must leap and hop
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|It [advanced technology] had isolated the people of the old world from nature, shielding them from the consequences of imbalance, and yet they’d believed, right up until the very end, that it would save them. But…advances in technology could never compensate for failures in empathy.
Magda Apanowicz|I'm pretty sure this is it for the teen movie thing. It's so frustrating to read when you get to page 20 and you're like, Oy! It's the same thing again!
Criss Jami|Our big mistake in modern intellectualism is first and foremost its lack of nuance. We have made science synonymous with atheism - a presupposed conception and yet, another means to non sequiturs - and therefore, to a number of enthusiasts determined to go the further, anti-theism. Hereby let us observe that science has long served best and should be, if none other, the one discipline, if at all possible, free of potential ideology, pro-religious or anti-religious, and/or biased presupposition in order to maintain the true authenticity and the full reliability of its nature.
Ann Marie Frohoff|If you keep chasing shooting stars, you'll never feel the warmth of the sun.
A.G. Howard, Unhinged|Just a shower. If you want me to stay on the opposite side, I will. I won’t kiss. I won’t touch.”Echo flashes that siren smile. “What if I want to kiss you?”“You’re trying to kill me, aren’t you?
Lionel Suggs|To me, imagination is about breaking down the walls of a reality of multiple interpretations, and truly opening up your mind to assemble one clear interpretation. Once you have tasted imagination, reality will no longer be enough for you. The line between reality and dreams will become blurred, and then clear, because the line will cease to exist. Once you reach the point of living in imagination, you will truly be free.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
Lionel Suggs|I must tell you what you will not ask, though I may wish it unsaid the next moment
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Now what is history? It is the centuries of systematic explorations of the riddle of death, with a view to overcoming death. That’s why people discover mathematical infinity and electromagnetic waves, that’s why they write symphonies..
Lisa Firestone|A destructive thought process exists within all of us, and we are plagued to varying degrees by an internal dialogue that is harmful, restrictive, and at its ultimate extreme, self-destructive.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|I envy the tireless intimacy of women’s friendship, its lastingness, and its unbendable strength.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Can you tell me... what type of face is that.- Feeling disturbed... angry, mad... crazy???- WHAT?
Caragh M. O'Brien, Birthmarked|Every moment is a moment of decision, and every moment turns us inexorably in the direction of the rest of our lives.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
Louise L. Hay, You Can Heal Your Life|Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
Ruth Ozeki, The Face|We place such crazy importance on physical appearance in our image-obsessed culture, on youth and beauty to define our sense of self-worth, that aging, by default, becomes a kind of defect, something secret and corrosive and shameful.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|You know, in a society where children just about have to seek parental permission to sit on Santa’s knee, the word ‘paedophile’ should send more shivers up your spine than the word ‘druggie’.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|The people come to understand that wealth is not the fruit of labour but the result of organised, protected robbery. Rich people are no longer respectable people; they are nothing more than flesh eating animals, jackals and vultures which wallow in the people's blood.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|I will deny I ever said this, of course, but the gods need heroes. They always have. Otherwise we would not keep you annoying little brats around."I feel so wanted. Thanks.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|Within this enclosed women's world, so to say, behind the walls and fortifications of it, I felt the presence of a great ideal, without which the garrison would not have carried on so gallantly; the idea of a Millennium when women were to reign supreme in the world. The old mother at such times would take on a new shape, and sit enthroned as a massive dark symbol of that mighty female deity who had existed in old ages, before the time of the prophet's God. Of her they never lost sight, but they were, before all, practical people with an eye on the needs of the moment and with infinite readiness of resource.
C. J. Brightley|Men aren't an inexhaustible resource, even for a king. Soldiers must have faith that their sacrifices are worthwhile.
Farid ud-Din Attar, The Conference of the Birds|If you will but aspireYou will attain to all that you desire.Before an atom of such need the SunSeems dim and mirky by comparison.It is life's strength, the wings by which we flyBeyond the further reaches of the sky.
Fi.Z|Never knew the word Goodbye could scatter my heart into pieces. Just 1 word, could made me cry over you.
Corey Taylor, Seven Deadly Sins: Settling the Argument Between Born Bad and Damaged Good| 'I don't remember if I thanked you for saving me,' he said. 'So thank you.''You're welcome.' 'Though after this morning, I've added you to the list of those trying to kill me.' 
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Possibly, he was in a state of second growth and recovery, and was constantly assimilating nutriment for his spirit and intellect from sights, sounds, and events which passed as a perfect void to persons more practised with the world. As all is activity and vicissitude to the new mind of a child, so might it be, likewise, to a mind that had undergone a kind of new creation, after its longsuspended life.
Ann Landers|Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life, and when it comes, hold your head high, look it quarely in the eye and say, 'I will be bigger than you. You cannot defeat me.
David Mutti Clark, Professor Brown Shoes Teaches the Blues|You got infinite channels and limitless rhymes, but the riddles of livin' stay undefined?
Yo-Yo Ma|I was raised in a very humble environment, and I was always taught to be humble to the things that are happening in my life because they're blessings. They're blessings in every way. Whether you're able to help someone get through a tough time in their life through your music or through comedy, or whatever it is, you're just a channel.
Louise Hawes, The Language of Stars|Life doesn't stop. It doesn't stop progressing forward and it never stops trying to bring you to your knees. It will test your strengths and exploit your weakness, and I'm not sure that is always such a bad thing.
Nancy Lublin|That is to say, epic poetry has been invented many times and independently; but, as the needs which prompted the invention have been broadly similar, so the invention itself has been.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|You cannot have too many aconites. They cost, as I said before, about fifty shillings a thousand. A thousand will make a brave splash of colour, which lasts a month. If you can afford ten thousand, you are mad not to buy them. There are so many exciting places you can put them. . . in the hollow of a felled tree, by the border of a pond, in a circle round a statue, or immediately under your window, so that you can press your nose against the glass, when it is too cold to go out, and stare at them, and remember that spring is on its way.
Katharine McMahon, The Alchemist's Daughter|Do you mind telling me what you pray?""I pray for the wisdom to find meaning in the . . . her death."And have you?""No, Mrs. Aislabie, I find no meaning. But perhaps that's because I'm too small to see a plan so large I rarely get anything but a brief glimpse of it.
Chris Prentiss|It's a simple working formula: if who you are and what you have- in your relationships, at home, or on the job- are what you want, that's perfect; keep doing what you've been doing and you'll get more of it. However, if who you are and what you have is less than or different than what you want, you'll have to make some basic changes.
Emilie Baker Loring|I am a wicked man... But do you know, gentlemen, what was the main point about my wickedness? The whole thing, precisely was, the greatest nastiness precisely lay in my being shamefully conscious every moment, even in moments of the greatest bile, that I was not only not a wicked man but was not even an embittered man, that I was simply frightening sparrows in vain, and pleasing myself with it.
Michael Bible, Sophia|THE PROPHET OF MALACHI 4 SAID THE ‪SATAN‬ IS JUST A ‪‎PASSWORD‬A password is a word or string of characters used for user authentication to prove identity or access approval to gain access to a resource (example: an access code is a type of password), which should be kept secret from those not allowed access.
Karol Ladd, Becoming a Woman of the Word: Knowing, Loving, and Living the Bible|In my own life, I have seen God calm my fears and set my heart at rest when I praise and worship Him in the midst of my challenges. My friend, I want to encourage you, when you are riddled by destructive thoughts of fear or despair, turn your eyes upward and begin praising God for who He is and what He is able to do. Fears so easily pop into our thought-lives, and if we are not careful they can begin to dominate our minds. At that moment, allow your heart to worship Him. Praise Him that He knows all things, He can see all things, and He can do whatever He wants. Give Him glory for His sovereignty, majesty, love, and compassion. What a privilege that He invites us, His people to approach His throne and worship Him.... We can worship God day and night. Although it may seem counterintuitive, we can praise God even in our challenges and difficulties as we turn our hearts toward Him and recognize His ability to do all things. The opposite of worship would be to live with an attitude of pride, arrogance, fear, and self-centeredness.
Jacob Wren, Rich and Poor|Some revolutions resemble restorations, at least at first glance.
Pavitraa Parthasarathy|In times of turmoil, void or suffering, closely stays the images mirroring the lived, far seems the unknown to be; pick yourself a lens to see through, your eyes touch the distant mountains and the lived past disappears into ponzo illusions.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You look green, immature. A young boy playing at business, dressing up in the manner in which he believes an actual grown-up would. Your viewpoint of business attire is one of wide-eyed wonder from the nursery door.
Ray Bradbury, Long After Midnight|The Official was bending over his desk, staring at the sergeant. "May I ask you a question?""Yes.""Have you ever thought you were Christ?""I can't say that I have. But I have considered that God was good to me to let me find what I was looking for, if that's what you mean.
Johannes Kepler|Even though God could create all kinds of things, he could hardly create himself before he had a "self" to create with. So there was only one possibility left: God had always existed. But she had already rejected that possibility! Everything that existed had to have a beginning.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|Though you can get smart from reading everything that a smart person writes, you cannot get famous from reading about everything that a famous person does or is said to have done.
Tibor Fischer|Pessimism only describes an attitude, and not facts, and hence is entirely subjective.
Jonathan Clements, Darwin's Notebook: The Life, Times, and Discoveries of Charles Robert Darwin|Indeed, not all attacks—especially the bitter and ridiculing kind leveled at Darwin—are offered in good faith, but for practical purposes it is good policy to assume that they are.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|I won't lie!Probably from books you have saw that I'm not good at English, probably because I don't live in such country which this language is important or let's say to be native. But as for now I can't do a lot of for that!
Libba Bray|I've never been in love. I will die without knowing what it feels like to need to see one person's face when you go to sleep at night, to crave seeing it when you wake up. I wish I knew. 
Criss Jami, Killosophy|One of the greatest gifts from God is the eternal perspective. It is a level of fearlessness, a level of understanding where one can experience even emotional harmony with God.
|The hallmark of intelligence is not whether one believes in God or not, but the quality of the processes that underlie one’s beliefs.
Lauren Slater, The $60,000 Dog: My Life with Animals|... instead of spelling stories you spread silence, which was outside the alphabet.
Kenneth Oppel, The Nest|Everything feels right with the world......and the sad thing is that I know it's a dream. I know it must soon end, and when it does I will be thrust awake into a place where either I'm broken, or the world is broken.
Rachel Lewis, Alone Upon the Sea|As night falls silently all around,She carefully turns the last page.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|Don't tell me from genetics. What've they got to do with it?" said Crowley. "Look at Satan. Created as an angel, grows up to be the Great Adversary. Hey, if you're going to go on about genetics, you might as well say the kid will grow up to be an angel. After all, his father was really big in Heaven in the old days. Saying he'll grow up to be a demon just because his dad _became_ one is like saying a mouse with its tail cut off will give birth to tailless mice. No. Upbringing is everything. Take it from me.
Josephine Myles, Handle with Care|I'd missed this so much, this simple pleasure. The sensation of a heavy shaft sliding over my tongue, pushing deeper and deeper into me until my lips bumped against my hand.
Okizona|Life is what we make it , we were all born naked.
John Sulston|I wanted to be a teacher. I love children, so I wanted to deal with children. Then I wanted to be a veterinarian. But by the age of ten or eleven, when I opened my mouth and said, 'Oh, God, what's this?' I kind of knew teaching and being a veterinarian were gonna have to wait.
Charles R. Swindoll|Deep, contended joy comes from a place of complete security and confidence [in God] - even in the midst of trial.
Debasish Mridha|So beautiful but so bountiful.So delicate but so fresh.So magical but so simple.So much to say but yet so silent.So loving and so pleasant.Oh, flowers of charming love,You are life’s joy and present.
Hajin Yoo, Totally Captivated Side Story: Totally Peeking Under the Sheets Volume 2|Heartache makesfor good poetry,heartburnnot so much.
Colin McAdam, A Beautiful Truth|We all are individual and lonely, like stars which appear so close but millions of miles apart.
Gerard Way|I mean, it's impossible to fake anything if you've already seen the other person in a way they'd never choose for you to. You can't go back from that.
Arthur Conan Doyle|On the mountains of truth you can never climb in vain: either you will reach a point higher up today, or you will be training your powers so that you will be able to climb higher tomorrow.
David Chase|Somebody says, 'Do a Tom Bodett, a folksy kind of thing,' and it sounds like something out of 'Hee Haw,' very insulting. They turn wry humor into disparaging sarcasm, and you get what amounts to insulting advertising.
Laurelin Paige, First Touch|Do I need a safe word?" "You either tust me or you don't, Emily
Mychal Denzel Smith, Invisible Man, Got the Whole World Watching: A Young Black Man's Education|Hate is a conscious emotion, but we rarely express it openly. Identifying hate in oneself is probably even more difficult than identifying love. Hate must not be confused with anger. It is very different. Hate has no reasons. Often, it just sits deep in our body, rarely expending itself in a way that we can identify. Hate must be dispensed with periodically, when the object of hate is no longer there, hate cannot thrive, and the mind becomes hollow and without purpose.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|It had started with the moon, inaccessible poem that it was.
Leslea Wahl, The Perfect Blindside|Don't worry, my little lump of rock. Everybody gets a chance to choose. Or else where would irony come from?
Erik Pevernagie|Today we take for granted that we are we. Yet the doubt about ourselves still exists, or has even grown.
Theodore J. Kaczynski, Industrial Society and Its Future: The Unabomber Manifesto|The conservatives are fools: They whine about the decay of traditional values, yet they enthusiastically support technological progress and economic growth. Apparently it never occurs to them that you can't make rapid, drastic changes in the technology and the economy of a society without causing rapid changes in all other aspects of the society as well, and that such rapid changes inevitably break down traditional values.
Thomas E. Sniegoski, Savage|Hanging from every corner, above every window, standing on every shelf and tabletop, were dozens of handmade birdcages. Nomi had crafted them all, mostly out of old fishing twine, scraps of nets, and chicken wire. Woven in between the bars of the cages were bits of seashells, crab shells, pebbles, and driftwood she had scavenged along the beach. In a pinch she had made a few out of old clothes hangers she had scissored apart and woven together with strips of a negligee or shirt. Each one was personal, each one was unique, each one was a story
Madeleine M. Kunin|I really believe in science. It is a faith. It is a reverence akin to religion. But as we always say, it's different from religion in that, as near as we can tell, it exists outside of us. It has an objective quality, the process of science.
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|It was getting very clear then (and during this week Riseholme naturally thought of nothing else) that Lucia designed a longer residence in the garish metropolis than she had admitted. Since she chose to give no information on the subject, mere pride and scorn of vulgar curiosity forebade anyone to ask her, though of course it was quite proper (indeed a matter of duty) to probe the matter to the bottom by every other means in your power, and as these bits of evidence pieced themselves together, Riseholme began to take a very gloomy view of Lucia's real nature. On the whole it was felt that Mrs. Boucher, when she paused in her bath-chair as it was being wheeled round the green, nodding her head very emphatically, and bawling into Mrs. Antrobus's ear-trumpet, reflected public opinion."She's deserting Riseholme and all her friends," said Mrs. Boucher, "that's what she's doing. She means to cut a dash in London, and lead London by the nose. There'll be fashionable parties, you'll see, there'll be paragraphs, and then when the season's over she'll come back and swagger about them. For my part I shall take no interest in them. Perhaps she'll bring down some of her smart friends for a Saturday till Monday. There'll be Dukes and Duchesses at The Hurst. That's what she's meaning to do, I tell you, and I don't care who hears it."That was lucky, as anyone within the radius of a quarter of a mile could have heard it.
Armin Houman|I can´t change my past, or predict my future. But i can shape my present.
Gregory S. Prince, Jr.|As human beings, are we meant to develop as individuals serving only our own needs or also serving the needs of others? Do we aspire to develop as critically thinking, creative,innovative, humane people, or do we just want to think of ourselves as members of a specific nation and culture? Freedom allows choice and liberal education advocates for a specific choice: that the purpose of freedom is to enable creative, critically thinking,caring individuals to build healthy societies that serve universal (not just parochial) ends.
Herbert Stein, What I Think: Essays on Economics, Politics, and Life|If something cannot go on forever, it will stop.
GADAMER, HANS GEORG|In our post-everything culture, obey has become a four-letter word. Obeying is for wimps. Obeying is for people who didn’t do well enough on their SATs to write their own rules. Only the weak and the feeble and the young—-well, not even the young anymore—-need to obey. Funny, because the root of the word obey is from the French verb meaning “to listen, or to give ear to.” It was never intended as a militant word, but one of hearing, of understanding. Of getting it. For a world obsessed with staying in constant communication, we aren’t really very good listeners.
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|I recommend that you focus on both substance and process of your goals. I believe that both are equally important: by setting a high-quality SMART goal you will enable yourself to be conscious and your actions will carry more meaning; meanwhile, it is the execution of the SMART goals strategy that separates achievers from the rest of the people.
Charles M. Schulz, You Don't Look 35, Charlie Brown!|Strange how the perspective changes with the point of view, isn’t it? Most people who claim to believe in the Bible don’t actually know what it says
Blaise Pascal|A lot of people say they want to get out of pain, and I'm sure that's true, but they aren't willing to make healing a high priority. They aren't willing to look inside to see the source of their pain in order to deal with it.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari|When i angry, i unload my anger on my selfWhen i overflow with love, i distribute it.
Steven Bochco|Humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals.
Brandon Webb|I kept a very full diary of my relationship with Nixon, for some strange reason, until he became president.
Kristen Proby, Fight with Me|I had come to the conclusion that everyone took sex far too seriously. I mean, it's only sex.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Eternity will not cause our memories to fade, it will force our hearts to accept the past.
Yōko Ogawa, Hotel Iris|There can hardly be a plainer proof of the lowness of our nature, until we have laid hold of the higher nature that belongs to us by birthright, than this, that even a just anger tends to make us unjust and unkind.
Malcolm X|Because I am a woman, I must make unusual efforts to succeed. If I fail, no one will say, 'She doesn't have what it takes." ~ ' They will say, 'Women don't have what it takes." -
Megan Nicole|From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.
Edmund White, Our Young Man|He was taking Kevin’s cherry! The words made him harder and made him feel privileged, masterful, married. He thought how many men would pay unlimited amounts to have this inaugurating experience with this boy. He didn’t want to feel like a middle-aged paedophile, he didn’t even want to think all this would make a good porn film. He wanted every thrust, every second, to be laden with tenderness, a salute from him to Kevin, a deep recognition. He wanted Kevin to like what was being done to him, to push back for another joyous millimetre of penetration. He didn’t want him to label it Guy’s First Fuck or Kevin’s First Time. He didn’t want the idea and the label to crowd out the sensation or to sharpen it; he wanted it to be pure sex, undramatised.
Russell Wilson|God bless Dad, he came to every one of my shows. I was bad, and I had horrible stage fright. My dad was so relieved - he'd say, 'You were terrible; this kid is not going to be an actor.' Finally, I did a play and he said, 'Son - you were really good.'
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Say not always what you know, but always know what you say.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Some writers aren't writers, they are mere escapees' and refugees' on an exile from the jungle of thoughts.
Rick Wakeman|Some music comes from a real place; some music comes from your imagination. It's difficult to find out what's real and what's not, especially with the gangster stuff.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Mythology and religion are relevant and remarkable, as they each represent imaginative truths – projections of human beings innermost desires – intermixed with fragments of factual reality.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|When the remembering was done, the forgetting could begin.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|And then another letter had come from Christopher, so devastating that Amelia wondered how mere scratches of ink on paper could rip someone's soul to shreds. She had wondered how she could feel so much pain and still survive.
Lexi Blake, A Dom is Forever|I don't want to make people mad. I just... well, how can people get better if you don't tell them what you honestly think?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Time decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life, and your behavior decides who stays in your life.
Steven Magee|Mr Judge, Jury & Executioner of Micah Xavier Johnson‬ needs to go to jail as soon as possible – he is a danger to civilized society.
Mark Batterson, The Circle Maker: Praying Circles Around Your Biggest Dreams and Greatest Fears|Imagination is the road less taken, but it is the pathway of prayer.
Lillian Strange|Sometimes sexy women like to act stupid because it helps them get exactly what they want. Theresa Boudreaux was one of those types: a bodacious waffle-house waitress with a devilish streak. Unfortunately for a certain high-ranking elected leader, she had the wits to go to RadioShack and buy herself a nine-dollar phone-recording device. She then used it to tape her dirty phone calls with US Congressman Huey Hartley, a powerful, sanctimonious, married-for-thirty-years politician from the solidly red state of Mississippi.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|Oh God, I'm miss­ing the gene which makes you grow up and buy a flat in Streatham and start visiting Homebase every weekend. Everyone's moving on without me, into a world I don't understand.
Keziah Ruth D. Lingco|I, myself, love complications and mystery which I didn't notice that I had become one.
Santosh Kalwar|You were free, you are free and you will be free.
Marissa Clarke, Sleeping with the Boss|She came out of nowhere like a two-by-four against the skull, knocking all common sense out of him and turning him into a walking woody.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|Body follows mind. If the mind compares itself to others this could lead to overtraining. Tune out what other runners do and how fast they run. Tune in, instead, to how your body wants to increase speed and distance.
Rachel Cohn|The roller coaster is my life; Life is a fast, dizzying game. Life is a parachute jump; it's taking chances; falling over and getting up again. It's mountaineering; it's wanting to get to the very top of yourself and to feel angry and dissatisfied when you don't manage it.But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from the "Best.
Shandel Slaten - Clarity Focusing On What Matters|Risk may bring pain, but risk also brings freedom and reward.
Jason Silva|I quit doing the movies because the wrestling was going so good and was so on fire during the '80s and '90s, but I was getting all these movie scripts.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|Yes, well”—he pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose delicately—“the burner phone we had accidentally fell out of the car, and someone accidentally backed over it. Because someone was in a rush after she accidentally alerted some skip tracers we were nearby when she accidentally used her abilities to move a light pole out of the road after she had accidentally backed into it.”“Someone better shut their mouth before I accidentally slam my fist into their teeth.” She punched his shoulder, and it was almost...playful.“Shut his mouth, fist into his teeth.”“Really? A grammar lesson?
Stephen Colbert|A visionary is someone who can see the future, or thinks he sees the future. In my case, I use it and it comes out right. That doesn't come from daydreams or dreams, but it comes from knowing the market and knowing the world and knowing people really well and knowing where they're going to be tomorrow.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|It is a secret which every intellectual man quickly learns, that, beyond the energy of his possessed and conscious intellect, he is capable of a new energy (as of an intellect doubled on itself), by abandonment to the nature of things; that, beside his privacy of power as an individual man, there is a great public power, on which he can draw, by unlocking, at all risks, his human doors, and suffering the ethereal tides to roll and circulate through him: then is he caught up into the life of the Universe, his speech is thunder, his thought is law, and his words are universally intelligible as the plants and animals.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Opportunities seldom appear wrapped in shiny paper with a big bow as you might hope. Remaining open to the packages they do in fact come in, regardless of how they appear, can lead to hugely profound experiences.
Judy Melinek, Working Stiff: Two Years, 262 Bodies, and the Making of a Medical Examiner|Landing on the shores of normalcy is wonderful, especially after being tossed around in the sea of sickness.
Akiroq Brost|If being in a relationship never causes you any grief, consider that maybe while you might physically be ‘in’ the relationship; mentally and emotionally you may have ‘checked out’ of the relationship. Relationships take an active presence in order to actually ‘be’ relationships. You can’t ‘care’ without caring and caring isn’t just for sunny days.
C.S. Lewis|Kitten, you still haven’t told her? Blimey, whatare you waiting for?”“The Second Coming of Christ!” I snapped.
Seth Godin|There comes a point when you realize that these things, these brands, aren't "enough." Having more or better or best doesn't provide you with a lasting sense of having more or being better or being best. It's a rather fleeting experience, this romantic attachment to brands, and I find that if I'm not careful, the search for having more or better or best is a precarious journey into the infinite. When you depend on finite objects-or brands-to provide you with a long-term sense of self or love or pride or achievement, you start yourself out on a path with no end. No object, no product, and no brand can provide you with ultimate, infinite satisfaction.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|In the midst of wanting to be powerful, I found a weakness.
John Steinbeck|Choose noble goals for your heroes.Make them Sympathize with the poor, collaborates on the good goals, always step forward for the good actions, the first ones to do the right things, care to reserve others rights, and respect the laws, traditions and values.
Debra Strattford, Worthless|Love is like the senses of the body.Imagine you are blind, you can see an object using touch. You can feel around it and see it mentally.Now imagine you can't feel, but can see. You can't feel what you see.You may see love, but not feel love. When you feel love, you also so see it.
Mike Mullane, Riding Rockets: The Outrageous Tales of a Space Shuttle Astronaut|Never confuse determination with arrogance. Arrogance will look down on you, determination will run over you.
Deborah Hautzig, Second Star to the Right|I have a mental illness, but that doesn't stop me from being mentally capable.
Christina Grimmie|The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Sillman looked at his interrogator with hopeless eyes. 'I think while I was passed out, I dreamed about my mom's gingerbread cookies. Maybe the guy who knocked on the glass was eatin' one.' 'Mm,' said Peace-not-War. 'Well. That's helpful. We'll put an APB out on the Gingerbread Man. I'm not hopeful it'll do us much good, though. Word on the street is you can't catch him.
Owen Paterson|After my father died when I was seven and my mother entered into an abusive relationship, I shuffled between houses - staying with friends, families from church, and relying on the kindness of teachers and people throughout my community to help me grow up essentially without parents.
Charles M. Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones|I had been fortified by trauma, the way a bone, once broken, grows back stronger than it had been.
Sandra Cisneros|People don't realize what's really going on in this country. There are a lot things that are going on that are unjust. People aren't being held accountable for. And that's something that needs to change. That's something that this country stands for: freedom, liberty and justice for all.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|All stories are born out of illusion, but that doesn't mean they're not worth telling.
Philip Roth|My God! The English language is a form of communication! Conversation isn't just crossfire where you shoot and get shot at! Where you've got to duck for your life and aim to kill! Words aren't only bombs and bullets —no, they're little gifts, containing meanings!
Marissa Meyer, Heartless|Over everything, I choose you
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|We value virtue but do not discuss it. The honest bookkeeper, the faithful wife, the earnest scholar get little of our attention compared to the embezzler, the tramp, the cheat.
Petra Hermans|Cbtf club website is only for England, Australia, uk and other Betting Permitted Country Visitor’s and it’s for entertainment purpose not for Business purpose If you are from India please Don’t visit again this website because betting is not legal in India . Cbtf club articles are published every day. We publish tips like cricket betting tips, cbtf, free cricket betting tips, ipl betting tips, cricket betting tips free, ram slam betting tips, IPL betting tips, big bash betting tips, PSL, Asia cup & MCL betting tips.For more information visit our site : cbtf.club
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|Never on me let such wrath lay hold, as the wrath you cherish, you whose valor causes harm!
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't bother to ring a bell in the ear that doesn't listen. Move to another ear, and if he doesn't listen to your bell, sit back and listen to his nemesis.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God is able to fix that which is broken so that what stands repaired is immeasurably greater than that which stood before it needed repair. Therefore, the most staggering brokenness conceivable is in reality the greatest opportunity imaginable.
Julia Quinn, An Offer From a Gentleman|What are you smiling about?” she asked. He drew back a few inches, cupping her face with both hands. “How did you know I was smiling?” “I could feel it on my lips.” He brought a finger to those lips, tracing the outline, then running the edge of his fingernail along the plump skin. “You make me smile,” he whispered. “When you don’t make me want to scream, you make me smile.”-Sophie & Benedict
Rachel Balducci, How Do You Tuck In a Superhero?: And Other Delightful Mysteries of Raising Boys|Because I'm your mother, that's why.
Kishore Bansal|Our mind, keep all the record of our emotions, wrapped in hope and preserve it.
Haya|It’s not love when you don’t feel some pain, Sophie...”Zarah to Sophia, The Forest of Evergreen: Found in the Wilderness
Peter Jackson|'Cars' is a really personal story for me because, first of all, I grew up in Los Angeles - the car crazy capital.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|These are facts which, with the self-evident proposition that no being can create another being superior to itself, smashes your silly hypothesis to nothing.
William Gibson|To present a whole world that doesn’t exist and make it seem real, we have to more or less pretend we’re polymaths. That’s just the act of all good writing.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|I do forget sometimes how much it means for certain men—for certain people—to be able to provide their loved ones with material comforts and protection at all times. I forget how dangerously reduced some men can feel when that basic ability has been stripped from them. I forget how much that matters to men, what it represents.
Jesse Metcalfe|At the time that I knew them, they were not living together. They began dating again after their divorce, so I didn't really see fighting.
Mohlalefi j motsima|Mother said, haven't you seen older boys of your age, that you should take your rotten hands and play with my son's penis? I held my mouth, and i really stiffled a giggle. Now i understood the bloody vexation and the reckless act performed by our housegirl. She was fondling my infant part, and i knew she was horny and lost in the act.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Speaking unspoken words,music is a good way to say.
Claudia Gray, Stargazer| Huging my pillow to my chest, I told myself, At least soon you won't have so much time to miss him. Soon school will start again, and then you'll be busier. Wait. Am I reduced to HOPING for school to start? Somehow, I have discovered a whole new level of pathetic.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.
Deyth Banger|Everyone know is, soul does it or it doesn't exist it really doesn't matter. What does it matter is that you will die soon and you will be out of the Matrix!
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|He was the darkest of voices inside her head, the Night-kind King, and when he turned his gift of persuasion onto her, she wanted to take her soul out of her body and hand it to him.
Jana Oliver, Foretold|He slid his hand onto Riley's bare abdomen. "I got to thinkin' that a few years down the line, when yer older, what if that was our baby and I could feel it right here under my hand. Feel the life we'd created."Riley's eyes moistened. "Girl or boy?""Doesn't matter. If it's a girl, we can name her after my gran. Her name was Emily Rose.""Hmm...I like that. Maybe the boy could be Paul Arthur, like my dad.""Yeah, that works. But that's all the way down the line, isn't it?" It might never come to pass.
Leonard Budgell, Arctic Twilight: Leonard Budgell and Canada's Changing North|Nature allows one kind to kill another, it's part of the law ... you wonder if man might not be the most savage of all creatures. He's among the few that preys on nearly every other being, that constantly preys on his own species.
venky Naidu|If you cherish something enough", she told me, "it doesn't matter how old or worn or useless it's become; your caring for it immediately raises its value in somebody else's eyes. It's just like rehab- a body's got to believe in their own worth before anybody can start fixing them, but most people need someone to believe in them before they can start believing in themselves.
Steve Dublanica, Waiter Rant: Thanks for the Tip-Confessions of a Cynical Waiter|Everyone, no matter what kind of job he or she has, fantasizes about freaking out at work. How many corporate drones, stuck in a boring staff meeting, have had the sudden urge to jump on top of the conference table and start screaming obscenities? Strip off their clothes? Kiss the woman or man next to them? We all have. How many employees joke about shooting the boss or blowing the place up? I’m not suggesting we do any of these things, mind you, but let’s not kid ourselves; we all have a little murder in our heart.
J. Ross Clara, Citations: A Brief Anthology|I guess sometimes the truth just isn't worth believing... Personally, I've always felt that life's too short for truth. I'm just here to be entertained.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|Well, I may get drunk," the Widow admitted, "but I don't stagger. Sometimes I fall down. But I don't stagger.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|In my case, I was not frightened in the least bit at the thought that I might live because I was certain, quite certain, that I was already dead. 
Amy Chua, Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother|But just because you love something, I added to myself, doesn't mean you'll ever be great. Not if you don't work. Most people stink at the things they love.
Stefan Emunds|Before we even discovered that we were so smart, our Manufacturer already had it all figured out.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|I have to stress that my duties towards victims of all sorts, be it helping, taking their side, or caring, ends the moment their status becomes a bargaining chip. The moment the victim becomes a righteous sufferer. For in my short time on this planet, history and on-going affairs are full of those competing in victimhood.
Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses|When you do anything from a clear judgment that it ought to be done, never shrink from being seen to do it, even though the world should misunderstand it; for if you are not acting rightly, shun the action itself; if you are, why fear those who wrongly censure you?
Aberjhani, The Wisdom of W.E.B. Du Bois|Added to the shock of the routine violation of their bodies was the trauma of having to relinquish their children to unknown slave-holders. [W.E.B.] Du Bois considered this physical, mental, and spiritual abuse of black women--with its inevitable result being the destruction of the traditional African family--the highest crime committed by slave-holders and the one thing for which he said he could not forgive them.
Rebecca Steinbeck, 69 INCHES AND RISING|Fearful that they would be caught, the young lovers cast themselves into the sea with their stone, saying these words, "May we ever be united in love and hidden as long as this stone hides in deep waters.
Paul Johnson|I've always believed that government tends to screw up whatever it touches, but Obama in particular seemed different. He understood tech issues that left the other candidates bewildered. Part of it may be his age. But whatever the reason, I had real hope that he could help lead us into a new century of technology leadership and growth.
Ary Hidayat|Not all things can be expressed through words, not all the words reflect the truth.
Jimmy Dean|My grandmother, she's been the positive portion of my life the entire time.
Enock Maregesi|Mfalme Sulemani alikuwa mtu mwenye hekima kuliko wote ulimwenguni. Anatushauri, “Adui yako akiwa ana njaa, mpe chakula; Tena akiwa ana kiu, mpe maji ya kunywa; Maana utatia makaa ya moto kichwani pake; Na BWANA atakupa thawabu (Mithali 25:21-22). Yesu anasema jambo fulani linalofanana sana na hilo katika mafundisho Yake yaliyofuata (Mathayo 5:44-45). Kitendo cha kutukanwa, kupigwa, kushtakiwa au kulazimishwa kubeba mzigo mzito usio wa kwako kinaweza kusababisha mafutu mabaya kabisa katika asili ya binadamu. Yaani, chuki, hasira, ukatili na hata vurugu. Lakini pale wale waliobarikiwa kuwa na hekima wanapojikuta katika majaribu makubwa kama hayo tabia yao haitakiwi kuwa ya shari, inda au ya kulipiza kisasi. Bali inatakiwa kuwa ya kusaidia, kuwa na ridhaa ya kutenda mambo mema, na kuwa mwema kwa wengine siku zote.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Unlike the world that points out your flaws to ridicule you, when GOD points out your flaws, it's because He want to walk you out of it.
Robert Morgan|Some people swear by writing courses, but whether it really helps American poetry, I have doubts.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|In the present moment, no past achievement has any bearing, but we perpetually bring ourselves into the here and now; we are our constant companion. By carving the ineffable nature of my soul, rather than simply pursuing the "W," I am able to bring all of my past accomplishments with me into the present. They do hold bearing on today, not because of what I have done, but because of who I have become. This is what matters.
Amy Harmon, The Law of Moses|The judge's massive eyebrows crept up. "Kaldar. Are you the one speaking for the plaintiff today?" "Yes, Your Honor.""Well, shit," Dobe said. "I guess you're familiar with the law. You hit it over the head, set its house on fire, and got its sister pregnant.
Steven Scott Williamson, Ohlen's Arrow|Shelby looked over to see Andrew silently mouthing syllables to himself, as if he were part of an ecstatic rite. He grinned as he bit fricatives and tongued plosives. He was tasting English origins, mulling over words ripped from bronze-smelling hoards. Words that had slept beneath centuries of dust and small rain, sharp and bright as scale mail. Poetry had never moved her quite so much as drama. She loved the shock of colloquy, the beat and treble of words doing what they had to on stage. Andrew preferred the echo of poems buried alive.
Agatha Christie, Murder Is Easy|Augustus was sensible that mankind is governed by names; nor was he deceived in his expectation, that the senate and the people would submit to slavery, provided they were respectfully assured that they still enjoyed their ancient freedoms.
Ivo Andric|Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|Be worthy love, and love will come.
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|The Rebellions were the first gang in The Bahamas, to come up with a popular logo/brand in the wearing of Raiders clothing. However, other neighborhoods gave birth to their own gangs using popular sporting team images as their official colors and name. You had the Hoyas Bull Dogs out of Kemp Road; the Coconut Grove area took on the name Nike, which became their clothing of choice. Miami Street took on the name Hurricanes, and wore Miami Hurricanes clothing. However, when you look at it closely, because of the lack of involved fathers, a lot of us were simply lacking an image and a positive identity of ourselves.
Ray S. Jones|Wherever you are, you must be very happy; because I am fasting for your happiness forever
Caroline Cairn, Forever and One Week|Don’t run away from me, Logan. I’m not sure why you’re scared every time I try and show you some kindness, but don’t reject me. It’s not easy for me either. I’m not a natural. I’ve forgotten how it feels to put down the barriers and let someone in.
Sveva Casati Modignani, Mister Gregory|To get girls he had figured out that all you had to do was talk little, the bare minimum, and listen much, without ever passing judgment. [Mister Gregory]
Ellen O'Connell, Eyes of Silver, Eyes of Gold|How many consuming fires can there be in the words: freedom, peace and democracy and how easy they can be extinguished by ignorance, stupidity and arrogance?
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|I love the man,” Megan said as she took a seat, “but honestly he needs to learn when not to agree with me.
William Makepeace Thackeray|[Solitary confinement] is terrible. That is terrible. You're in a grave. You can't do anything. Everything's brought to you and you're in a room all day, except to come out of the showers. So when I would come out, I would entertain myself by singing, doing little mock concerts. And then when I was in the room, I would develop a routine. Like I have a lot of hair under here, so I would take my hair down and take all day to braid it on purpose. Stretch the hours out. Then I might write. And I would clean the floor. And I would look out the window. And then I'd devote a whole day to just reading. I was Christian then, trying to be. So I would read the whole Bible. I would break it down into sections. You're in a grave and you're trying to live. That's how to best describe it: trying to live in a grave. You're trying to live 'cause you're not dead yet, but nobody hears you when you call out, 'Hey, I'm alive!
Jonathan Maberry, Fire & Ash|Sometimes there aren't words, Benny knew. Sometimes there are hurts so deep that they exist in a country that has no spoken language, a place where all landscapes are blighted and no sun ever shines. Benny had left his footprints in the dust of that place.
James Joyce, Ulysses|What dreams would he have, not seeing. Life a dream for him. Where is the justice being born that way?
Orrin Woodward|Victory in war is usually the result of compromising what you want and behaving like those you despise." - Tapio
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|The book from which to learn religion, is your own mind.
Henry Ward Beecher|All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, and God the soul.
Cherise Sinclair, Breaking Free|Did you really think you could quit?" He moved closer, his steps slow, purposeful. "Just fax me a damned piece of paper and I‘d be forced to let you walk away from me?""You don‘t have a choice." Lydia swallowed the lump in her throat and moved around the chair. Putting furniture between them seemed like a smart idea. "I quit, end of story.""The hell it is," he growled as he stopped and crossed his arms over his chest. "I‘ve given you space, Lydia, but it‘s time we talk.""There‘s nothing to say."He pointedly glanced at the chair and quirked a brow. "Afraid, little Lydia?"Afraid of her own ability to keep her hands off him, yeah. "You don‘t scare me, Dane. You‘d never hurt me.""Then quit acting so skittish and come here.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|He leaned his head against the rock. Christ, when was the last time he’d seen the humor in life? And now, of all places, in an enemy camp, with a strange woman who made him burn. Burn with desire. Burn with need. A desire and need not only for her and her body, but for something he couldn’t quite name.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Maybe in Another Life|Fate or not, our lives are still the results of our choices.
Lily Amis, Birdy & Fishy, Destination: Freedom|As seasons change, life changes!
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|Shane dragged Eve's suitcase into the room and dumped it on the floor beside her bed. “Hey, Dark Princess? Here’s your crap. Also, bite me.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon an Ever After|People live, and then they die, and as long as they do both things propertly, there's nothing much to regret.
Mark Wigley|The first treatise on the interior of the body, which is to say, the treatise that gave the body an interior , written by Henri De Mondeville in the fourteenth century, argues that the body is a house, the house of the soul, which like any house can only be maintained as such by constant surveillance of its openings. The woman’s body is seen as an inadequate enclosure because its boundaries are convoluted. While it is made of the same material as a man’s body, it has ben turned inside out. Her house has been disordered, leaving its walls full of openings. Consequently, she must always occupy a second house, a building to protect her soul. Gradually this sense of vulnerability to the exterior was extended to all bodies which were then subjected to a kind of supervision traditionally given to the woman. The classical argument about her lack of self-control had been generalized.
Cynthia Rylant, In November|Above us was a canopy, the stretching arms of cedar and spruce and Douglas fir. We knew to follow in silence, watching our steps, heads bowed. We were in a temple.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|If you are feeling stressed out, stop and take 10 deep breaths...it really does help! Then focus your mind on one thing and one thing only; things are only overwhelming when you look at them all at once.
Robert Byron|I wish I were rich enough to endow a prize for the sensible traveler: £10,000 for the first man to over Marco Polo’s outward route, reading three fresh books a week, and another £10,000 if he a drinks a bottle of wine a day as well. That man might tell one something about the journey. He might or might not be naturally observant. But at least he would use what eyes he had, and would not think it necessary to dress up the result in thrills that never happened and science no deeper than its own jargon.
W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight|When all is said and done, how do we not know but that our own unreason may be better than another’s truth? for it has been warmed on our hearths and in our souls, and is ready for the wild bees of truth to hive in it, and make their sweet honey. Come into the world again, wild bees, wild bees!
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|Shit, it’s even getting me a little hot. Beside Shayla, Lacey is trying to suck the plastic off her rent-a-dick.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|After misery follow, or are at least promised to in the unwritten manuscripts of Gods, great things. Sometimes, that great thing can be death.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Know when to push, pull or hold your followers, lest you push them while they are on the edge of a cliff
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|Life is a book. When one chapter ends, the next one begins...
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|A bolt that raised her heart to blazing heightAnd made the vertical the very thrust of hope,And found its path at last(Slow work of Grace).
Carl Sagan|Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were, but without it we go nowhere.
Sun Tzu|Cricketers have a very short shelf life. On an average, you make money through cricket for five years, but you need to survive for sixty years.
Michael Crichton, Micro|If nothing else, school teaches that there is an answer to every question; only in the real world do young people discover that many aspects of life are uncertain, mysterious, and even unknowable. If you have a chance to play in nature, if you are sprayed by a beetle, if the color of a butterfly's wing comes off on your fingers, if you watch a caterpillar spin its cocoon-- you come away with a sense of mystery and uncertainty. The more you watch, the more mysterious the natural world becomes, and the more you realize how little you know. Along with its beauty, you may also come to experience its fecundity, its wastefulness, aggressiveness, ruthlessness, parasitism, and its violence. These qualities are not well-conveyed in textbooks.
Robert M. Price|And off in the far distance, the gold on the wings of the angel atop the bell tower of San Marco flashed in the sun, bathing the entire city in its glistening benediction.
Stephan Attia, Mythopia|I am a convinced believer that nothing is "as it is", but it is something that "can become", or we can make out of, if we put faith in our inner resources and feelings to bring the right impetus to the driving wheels of our lives’ mechanism. (Soar)
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I want him to live if HE wants to live. If he doesn't, then by forcing him to carry on, you, me..... we become just another shitty bunch of people taking away his choices.
Kara Dalkey, Firebirds Soaring: An Anthology of Original Speculative Fiction|Why would our brains have this capacity to sense the oneness of the universe, a sense that can be induced in many ways, even technological, if that capacity did not reflect an external reality?
Patricia C. Wrede|The white cat symbolizes the silvery moon prying into corners and cleansing the sky for the day to follow. The white cat is "the cleaner" or "the animal that cleans itself," described by the Sanskrit word Margaras, which means "the hunter who follows the track; the investigator; the skip tracer." The white cat is the hunter and the killer, his path lighted by the silvery moon. All dark, hidden places and beings are revealed in that inexorably gentle light. You can't shake your white cat because your white cat is you. You can't hide from your white cat because your white cat hides with you.
honeya|Everyone says "i will never" and "one should never" but, actually, "No one can Resist Miss-using Power (at-least ones) when they have it".
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|I doona need my future read. I know it involves you, and that's enough for me.
Oliver Bullough, The Last Man in Russia: The Struggle to Save a Dying Nation|He realized that trust between people is what makes us happy. Any totalitarian state is based on betrayal. It needs people to inform on each other, to avoid socializing to interact only through the state and to avoid unsanctioned meetings.
Henry Miller|Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man; but if anything is within the powers and province of man, believe that it is within your own compass also.
Kenny Guinn|I am not quite sure where home is right now. I do have places in London and Milan, and a house in Spain. I guess I would say home is where my mother is, and she lives in Spain.
Vanity|I remember seeing a movie with Jose Ferrer and Rosemary Clooney where they were husband and wife, and they got in bed, and he had on polka-dot pajamas and she had on striped pajamas, and when they got up the next morning he had on the striped pajamas and she had the polka dot pajamas, and that was considered racy at that time!
John Mackey|Lotus's efforts around the Mac were pathetically unsuccessful, which is sad.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|As long as there will be something to conquer, world peace will be a pipe dream
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|I asked her if she believed you could ever truly understand another culture. I told her the longer I stayed, the more asinine the attempt seemed, and that what I’d become more interested in is how we believed we could be objective in any way at all, we who each came in with our own personal definitions of kindness, strength, masculinity, femininity, God, civilisation, right and wrong.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|If you look at their intentions, examine their motives, and scrutinize what brings them contentment – how can people hide who they are? How can they hide who they really are?
Rebecca Hall|No matter how much money you make, no matter how famous you are, you're not above going outside and cutting trees. I do it all the time.
H.L. Mencken, H.L. Mencken on Religion|One of the most irrational of all the conventions of modern society is the one to the effect that religious opinions should be respected. …[This] convention protects them, and so they proceed with their blather unwhipped and almost unmolested, to the great damage of common sense and common decency. that they should have this immunity is an outrage. There is nothing in religious ideas, as a class, to lift them above other ideas. On the contrary, they are always dubious and often quite silly. Nor is there any visible intellectual dignity in theologians. Few of them know anything that is worth knowing, and not many of them are even honest.
Shigeru Miyamoto|I must take issue with the term 'a mere child', for it has been my invariable experience that the company of a mere child is infinitely preferable to that of a mere adult.
Yayoi Kusama|Since the day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|Swept away with the idea, he said it felt like an awakening to him. More like a remembering, I think. The animacy of the world is something we already know, but the language of animacy teeters on extinction—not just for Native peoples, but for everyone. Our toddlers speak of plants and animals as if they were people, extending to them self and intention and compassion—until we teach them not to. We quickly retrain them and make them forget. When we tell them that the tree is not a who, but an it, we make that maple an object; we put a barrier between us, absolving ourselves of moral responsibility and opening the door to exploitation.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Life is always interesting and is made of ups and downs. We are sometimes tempted when we are down to give up. I want to encourage you to surrender instead of giving up. Giving up makes you a victim, while surrendering empowers you. Be empowered, surrender. You will be inspired and witness the miracles of your life changing positively before your very eyes!
Seann William Scott|A dramatic thing, the first time you stand up to your dad.
Graham Cooke, Developing Your Prophetic Gifting|People who continue in blatant sin whilst exercising spiritual gifts create this ever widening gulf in their personality which results in spiritual failure, emotional collapse, sometimes mental breakdown, physical illness, relational difficulties and quite often a complete moral lapse.
Nabil TOUSSI|When people keep TALKING about you, don't waste time listening to what they say, keep WORKING on what you dream about.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|It would be nice if life worked this way, stripping the dirt from our lives and sending us back out into the world clean. But some dirt is destined to lingered.
Chris Pavone|It's hard for me to just say, 'Wow, this is amazing - I'm famous. I'm living the dream.' I sit there and think, 'I'm scared - this can go away tomorrow.' My dad always says that I'm a tortured soul because I'm never pleased; I never feel like I deserve what I've achieved.
Tom Hanks|Everybody has something that chews them up and, for me, that thing was always loneliness. The cinema has the power to make you not feel lonely, even when you are.
Bruce Feiler|In the end I believe the essential spirit that animates those places animates me. If that spirit is God, then I found God...If that spirit is life, then I found life...If that spirit is awe, then I found awe. Part of me suspects it's all three...all I had to do to discover that spirit and the resulting feeling of humility and appreciation was not to look or listen or taste or feel. All I had to do was remember, for what I was looking for I somehow already knew.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Sometimes it's good to lose something/someone. Because we get what we deserve, not what we desire for.
David Sax|A plant-based diet has actually simplified my life in so many ways. For breakfast, I try to get my first serving of fruits and nuts for fuel. I'm completely addicted to coconut water for the electrolytes and hydration.
Abhijit Naskar|It is more practical to make people transform their mindset about religion and religiousness and walk in the path of creed-less religious harmony, than to convert the entire religious population on earth into atheists.
Rumi Antoinette|I go to the movies because – I like adventure. Adventure is something I don’t have much of at work, so I go to the movies.
Stefan Bachmann, The Peculiar|Dorcas wasn't a fast walker. It was difficult for me to keep behind her. I tried to let others, joggers, and bicyclists, come between us. I followed her past a field where girls were playing soccer, and into the woods bordering Catamount Creek. The smell of pine needles underfoot was sharp, pungent. I seemed to know that I would always associate that smell with this afternoon, and with Dorcas.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|But I can now understand why people read, why they like to get lost in somebody else's life. Sometimes I'll read a sentence and it will make me sit up, jolt me, because it is something that I have recently felt but never said out loud. I want to reach into the page and tell the characters that I understand them, that they're not alone, that I'm not alone, that it's ok to feel like this. And then the lunch bell rings, the book closes, and I'm plunged back into reality.
José N. Harris|SELFLESS LOVE.If you have a special person in your life, but you find yourselves arguing, irritated and/or fighting out of the blue… you both need to try to step back and be selfless and think of the other person... with no ego of your own. No ego. We are ALL dealing with our own tough issues. We may keep them to ourselves, but we all have struggles. If you BOTH allow yourselves to step into each others shoes- to have the awareness and respect for each others issues and struggles... that will most likely allow the love that you have for each other to shine through at its brightest.There will be ups and downs- feelings of being under-appreciated for both. It will happen. But let that be the worst that happens. Unity through diversity. That's the greatest love. A selfless love. It’s paradoxical, but you each would get back more than you give out. That's the love that conquers all things that’s mentioned in the Bible. It will be challenging for both of you, but well worth it.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You are not going to burn out, you're just beginning. You have an entire galaxy of stars burning fiercely inside of you and once the blaze begins it's impossible to annihilate. Passion can't be contained.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Under the greenwood tree,Who loves to lie with meAnd tune his merry note,Unto the sweet bird's throat;Come hither, come hither, come hither.Here shall he seeNo enemyBut winter and rough weather.
Debasish Mridha|May your home always be filled with love, laughter and happiness.
A.W. Tozer, My Daily Pursuit: 365 Devotions with A.W. Tozer|Treat each other with respect, even if other people can only look at the colour of your eyes.
Sue Klebold, A Mother's Reckoning: Living in the Aftermath of Tragedy|Asking 'why' only makes us feel hopeless. Asking 'how' points the way forward, and shows us what we must do
Douglas William Jerrold|Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. 
Irena Sendler|I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|On the surface, we come to understand that who we are is something separate from all other objects in the world. This is the first and primary of illusions we are taught to believe after having been welcomed to the human world. I do not use the word “illusion” in a negative sense, but in a necessary one. Just as the enjoyment of a film or theatrical play may depend upon the ability of the actors to woo the audience into believing the world they are portraying; the enjoyment of life may also be found in our own ability to wield the power of illusion.
Maya Angelou|As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration. Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.
William Butler Yeats|Wherever art appears, life disappears.
Sunday Adelaja|When you gain maximum knowledge in any area of work and put it into practice, no powerwill be able to hinder you achieving your set goals.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|The choices you make from this day forward will lead you, step by step, to the future you deserve.
Balkrishn Sanmotra|After all, choosing a profession is extremely challenging – it is likely thehardest thing one has to do in the period of reaching maturity.
Edgar Allan Poe, Bon-Bon|If Pierre Bon-Bon had his failings--and what great man has not a thousand?--if Pierre Bon-Bon, I say, had his failings, they were failings of very little importance--faults indeed which, in other tempers, have often been looked upon rather in the light of virtues.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|He reached forward to cup my cheek, the touch surprising me. "Please understand that no matter what I am or what has happened in the past, I am yours. I am devoted to you above all else, including my own life."I exhaled after holding my breath for what felt like forever. "That's pretty heavy, Will." His expression was impassioned, and the backs of his fingers brushed the side of my neck."It is a burden I am glad to carry.
Gregory Hines|I share the anger, but, ultimately, to govern this country, it takes more than anger. It takes experience. It takes positions that reflect the best values of the American people.
Roger Ebert|I have a really beautiful life right now, so there is no reason to be hostile. I'm a husband, a father and a man who tries to do the right thing in life and in my work.
Michael  Callahan, Searching for Grace Kelly|What American would not want truthful and complete information about every product sold in the United States so that we can be more capable of making wise decisions concerning our lives and the lives of our loved ones? These are our friends and our family members suffering from so many forms of cancer, several diseases of the heart, emphysema, poor circulation, blindness, strokes, various skin disorders, bad breath, asthma, poverty, clogged arteries, disfigurement, rotting teeth and gums, birth defects, infertility, sexual dysfunction, high blood pressure, aneurysms, complications during pregnancies, and all too often a slow and painful death. These suffering people are also many of us.
Claire McCaskill|Today, all patients accepted for treatment at St. Jude's are treated without regard for the family's ability to pay. Everything beyond what is covered by insurance is taken care of, and for those without insurance, all of the medical costs are absorbed by the hospital.
Israelmore Ayivor|Tradition is the code that keeps change in lock. If you refuse change, you are likely to rust and guess the cause; that long held way of doing things.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|I had no time for romance. I turned away from the window, from the wintry sun, crossed through the room, went to the stove and made and poured myself a cup of hot chocolate and then clicked on the radio
Karen Salmansohn|If you ask me to describe my relationship, I mean - words are too clumsy to accurately describe how I feel in that regard, particularly in an interview. It's a strange thing.
Ray Bradbury, A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories|How quickly the dead faded into each other,
Jessica Rydill, Malarat|Not specifically. "Demons have been on Earth as long as we have. They're all over the world, in their different forms – Greek daemons, Persian daevas, Hindu asuras, Japanese oni. Most belief systems have some method of incorporating both their existence and the fight against them. Shadowhunters cleave to no single religion, and in turn all religions assist us in our battle. I could as easily have gone for help to a Jewish synagogue or a Shinto temple, or – Ah. Here it is.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|... paint in blue and black...sometimes gray - the colors of night - occasionally I surprise you with a mustard yellow, but then, I am a poet ...
Souhila Hamdi|How now! Here's the smell of the blood still: all the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand." Lady Macbeth
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|I mean, shit, what Latino family doesn't think it's cursed?
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|A general is a specialist insofar as he has master his craft. Beyond that and outside the arbitrary pro and con, he keeps a third possibility intact and in reserve: his own substance. He knows more than what he embodies and teaches, has other skills along with the ones for which he is paid. He keeps all that to himself; it is his property. It is set aside for his leisure, his soliloquies, his nights. At a propitious moment, he will put it into action, tear off his mask. So far, he has been racing well; within sight is the finish line, his final reserves start pouring in. Fate challenges him; he responds. The dream, even in an erotic encounter, comes true. But causally, even here; every goal is a transition for him. The bow should snap rather than aiming the arrow at a finite target.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|The day you leave, this will be your only contentment: if you have made the existence a little more beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|Fighting for peace is not the solution,but loving for peace is the solution.
Nicholas Sparks|As the warm air blew in the car, simple snapshots of the life they'd lived together surfaced in his mind; but as always, those images led inexorably to their final day together.
William Shakespeare|​Sebastian: By your patience, no. My stars shine darkly over me; the malignancy of my fate might, perhaps, distemper yours; therefore I shall carve of you your leave that I may bear my evils alone. It were a bad recompense for your love to lay any of them on you.
kimber nilsson|I have eyes, and you can't keep yours off me." Simon, Finally Letting Go
Brenna Yovanoff, Places No One Knows|I am a good runner. There are many faster, but not so many for whom it has been as necessary to learn to become nothing but flight.
Barbra Streisand|Men are allowed to have passion and commitment for their work ... a woman is allowed that feeling for a man, but not her work.
C. JoyBell C.|Empathy isn’t about you, understanding another person isn’t about you, feeling how another person feels isn’t about you... step outside of your own skin for a change. Respect another person because they are who they are; not because the other person is just like you. Your inability to understand, your inability to empathize, is not a fault on the part of the other person. It is in fact your own disability that you are choosing to live with.
Richard Llewellyn|One does not hate as long as one has a low esteem of someone, but only when one esteems him as an equal or a superior.
David N. Elkins|The same sensitivity that opens artists to Being also makes them vulnerable to the dark powers of non-Being. It is no accident that many creative people--including Dante, Pascal, Goethe, Nietzsche, Kierkegaard, Beethoven, Rilke, Blake, and Van Gogh--struggled with depression, anxiety, and despair. They paid a heavy price to wrest their gifts from the clutches of non-Being. But this is what true artists do: they make their own frayed lives the cable for the surges of power generated in the creative force fields of Being and non-Being. (Beyond Religion, p. 124)
Latif Mercado|Thank God For Writing, As Now I Can Work Until My Last Breath!
Jeanette Winterson|The dog has got more fun out of Man than Man has got out of the dog, for the clearly demonstrable reason that Man is the more laughable of the two animals.
Robert Quillen|I love science fiction. There are ways in which this community kept me and my partner alive through some very, very bad years, and I will always acknowledge that.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Bean Trees|There is no point in treating a depressed person as though she were just feeling sad...Sadness is more or less like a head cold -- with patience, it passes. Depression is like cancer.
Jacquelyn Frank, Elijah|You are my heart as it beats within my chest, my soul as it moves through my mind. The breath in my body that so fascinates you is your essence pouring in and out of me in a wave that drowns me over and over again until I cannot breathe for wanting you. Needing you.
David Bowie|Once you lose that sense of wonder at being alive, you're pretty much on the way out...
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|…what else do we have to ensure our sanity except our love for something beyond ourselves―our love for our families, our love for our fatherland?
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|It's very natural to believe that everything is aimed at you: storm, cold, whatever. Most of the time it's not; you just happen to be there when it's happening. If you believe that, it will make life easier.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Anyway.I’m not allowed to watch TV, although I am allowed to rent documentaries that are approved for me, and I can read anything I want. My favorite book is A Brief History of Time, even though I haven’t actually finished it, because the math is incredibly hard and Mom isn’t good at helping me. One of my favorite parts is the beginning of the first chapter, where Stephen Hawking tells about a famous scientist who was giving a lecture about how the earth orbits the sun, and the sun orbits the solar system, and whatever. Then a woman in the back of the room raised her hand and said, “What you have told us is rubbish. The world is really a flat plate supported on the back of a giant tortoise.” So the scientist asked her what the tortoise was standing on. And she said, “But it’s turtles all the way down!”I love that story, because it shows how ignorant people can be. And also because I love tortoises.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Cask of Amontillado|It’s getting more difficult to be wise,” he says, laughing into my ear.I smile at him. “I think that’s how it’ssupposed to be.
Gift Gugu Mona|I am thankful to God everyday for the Gift of Life because even if I were the richest in the world, I still wouldn't afford to buy Life.
John Phillips|Goodness without knowledge... is weak and feeble, yet knowledge without goodness is dangerous.... Both united form the noblest character and lay the surest foundation of usefulness to mankind. Many men went a walking and many crippled men, did not.
Abigail Padgett, The Paper Doll Museum|I like having options, alternate lives unlived but always possible.
Jack Newfield, A Prophetic Minority: A Probing Study of the Origins and Development of the New Left|The goal of radicalism is to improve the human condition, not to prove one's own moral superiority.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you put your heart into everything you do, you will recreate yourself.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|Hawaii was paradise, Milan was beautiful but New York was electric.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I would lay down everything I possess, even my soul, for you. If that isn't love, it's the best I have.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|The strong version of the adversity hypothesis might be true, but only if we add caveats: For adversity to be maximally beneficial, it should happen at the right time (young adulthood), to the right people (those with the social and psychological resources to rise to challenges and find benefits), and to the right degree (not so severe as to cause PTSD).
Jo Walton, Among Others|I had said that Le Guin's worlds were real because her people were so real, and he said yes, but the people were so real because they were the people the worlds would have produced. If you put Ged to grow up on Anarres or Shevek in Earthsea, they would be the same people, the backgrounds made the people, which of course you see all the time in mainstream fiction, but it's rare in SF.
Darrell Calkins|There is a pivot point, however, to become an adult. That transition comes from recognizing and acting in accordance with your own deepest impulses. On the responsibility front, that means acting in harmony with your conscience, not because you’re going to be punished if you don’t, or paid for it if you do (heaven, enlightenment, salvation, or whatever), but because you know it to be right. On the freedom front, that means acquiescing to your deepest inspirations, following what truly compels you, even when it’s difficult to do so. These two principles brought together in the same time and space is what integrity is all about. And it is only through such integrity that you resolve conflict between the two of them: what you “know to do” and what you “want to do.
Philippa Gregory, The Virgin's Lover|The truth is the last thing that matters,' she said. 'And you can believe one thing of the truth and me: I keep it well hidden, inside my heart.
Khaled Hosseini|She passed these years in a distant corner of her mind. A dry, barren field, out beyond wish and lament, beyond dream and disillusionment. There, the future did not matter. And the past held only this wisdom: that love was a damaging mistake, and it accomplice, hope, a treacherous illusion.
Sunday Adelaja|To live an effective life, you have to turn your back on the things of the world
Norah Vincent|Despair was strength. Despair was the scab and the scar. The walled city in a time of plague. A closed fortification. A sure thing, because it was always safer, less painful to stop trying than it was to repeatedly try and fail. Failure-disappointment-was a poison in my blood. Despair was the antidote.
Alexandar Tomov|Quote from “FUTURE GONE”: "…I wonder what actually this hospital is, why I am in it and who I am. I have no time to find out. I die, with my arms stretched towards the spotlights.Then whiteness.My body is still there somewhere…Buried in the extremely bright lights of empty hope".
Ambeth R. Ocampo, Rizal Without the Overcoat|Once an idea is out and about, it can't be called back, silenced or erased. You can't contain it, any more than you could put the head of a dandelion back together after the wind has scattered its seeds.
Holly Ordway|Christianity tells us we have free will. God has provided man with a choice whether to believe in Him or not. If God's existence were logically inescapable, there would be no free will to choose whether or not to believe in Him.
Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born: Motherhood as Experience and Institution|All human life on the planet is born of woman. The one unifying, incontrovertible experience shared by all women and men is that months-long period we spent unfolding inside a woman’s body. Because young humans remain dependent upon nurture for a much longer period than other mammals, and because of the division of labor long established in human groups, where women not only bear and suckle but are assigned almost total responsibility for children, most of us first know both love and disappointment, power and tenderness, in the person of a woman.
George Henry Lewes|I have an independent streak. You know, it's kind of hard to tell a independent woman what to do.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|If he closed his eyes he could dwell in the circuit of air that had once held her, he could hold his breath and be inside her again, within the close and burning borders of her- she stood here, washed her hair in this sink, wrote upon this wall, ate roasted chicken at this table. There was no place he could enter where she had not also been, her echoes hanging in the air like pages hung to dry. No place that did not suppurate in her absence, which was not ringed with the light of her old selves, like film burned with a cigarette.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Everyone who loves life is an artist at heart. Although it is sometimes difficult to love our world and our lot in life, failure to find the ability to love life and express appreciation for our world is tantamount to not existing at all.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|The sea is not a whore, for she is free and joyous, but she is a woman. She obeys the moon, as women do, and her depths contain both treasures and horrors, and men try to bend her to their will and rarely succeed, no matter how much money they spend in the attempt. The sea does as she wishes, and anyone who would be her lover must be her partner, not her master.
Deyth Banger|Continue do what you want, once, twice, third, fourth and so on and one moment I will just unplug this plug and... (you won't like from here up to the end the story..., so let's just finish it here. Let's make it you to like it!)
Sugar Ray Robinson|Somebody said to me this morning, 'To what do you attribute your longevity?' I don't know. I mean, I couldn't have planned my life out better. By all accounts I should be dead! The abuse I put my body through: the drugs, the alcohol, the lifestyle I've lived the last 30 years!
Victor Davis Hanson, Carnage and Culture: Landmark Battles in the Rise of Western Power|The great hatred of capitalism in the hearts of the oppressed, ancient and modern, I think, stems not merely from the ensuing vast inequality in wealth, and the often unfair and arbitrary nature of who profits and who suffers, but from the silent acknowledgement that under a free market economy the many victims of the greed of the few are still better off than those under the utopian socialism of the well-intended. It is a hard thing for the poor to acknowledge benefits from their rich moral inferiors who never so intended it. (p.272)
Dhan Gopal Mukerji, Gay Neck: The Story of a Pigeon|He rocked her against him. "No idea what I'm going to do with you."	She didn't know what he was going to do with her either, but she hoped it was good.
Katrina Kaif|Love one another and help others to rise to the higher levels, simply by pouring out love. Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy.
Kenny Loggins|Their final objective toward which all their deceit is directed is to capture political power so that, using the power of the state and the power of the market simultaneously, they may keep the common man in eternal subjection.
Graham Greene|And so, now, it is almost midnight of the first day, and I have broken my resolution to go to bedearly - postponing sleep, and thereby the inevitable waking up in tomorrow. Another device of escape.
Chris Campanioni, Death of Art|The future is trash. Recycling it, re-arranging it. Making it beautiful again.
Frank Lentricchia, The Sadness of Antonioni|People are mysterious, even to themselves.
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|When my sons arrived in the family, their legal status was not ambiguous at all. They were our kids. But their wants and affections were still atrophied by a year in the orphanage. They didn't know that flies on their faces were bad. They didn't know that a strange man feeding them their first scary gulps of solid food wasn't a torturer. Life in the cribs alone must have seemed to them like freedom. That's what I was missing about the biblical doctrine of adoption. Sure it's glorious in the long run. But it sure seems like hell in the short run. . . .
Hiroko Sakai|What I always say is that Japanese are like willow. We can be bent easily, but once you try to break us, it would not be so easy.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|In the end, class will out. So much talk about helping the poor. It's all words and class interest— in the end.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way Workbook|It is always necessary to acknowledge creative injuries and grieve them. Otherwise, they become creative scar tissue and block your growth.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|Apart from childhood and crisis, prayers have a way of being abstracted from the homely and distinctive details that are part and parcel of our ordinary and daily life.
Archna Mohan|Many groups use the media and successfully manipulate what Theodor Adorno calls our psychological frailty. This psychological frailty correlates to anxiety. It also precedes and foments fascism, sexism, and racism.Because of our sense of free will, day-to-day anxiety can creep in as a form of guilt or the desire to belong / be loved.It is this frailty that is manipulated which may later be expressed in fascism, nationalism, sexism, racism.It's based on superego storytelling. But what's going on concurrent with all this is a shift from storytelling to storymaking.There's an entire subgroup, mostly the younger generations, that have been participating in gaming and social media in a way that will bring about a new synergy. This is Hegel's dialect approach to society.Jane McGonigal talks about this in her book Reality is Broken, Cathy Davis talks about this in her book Now You See It, Clay Shirky talks about this in his books Cognitive Surplus and Here Comes Everybody. Tapscott talks about this in his book Wikinomics.
Bernard Golden, Overcoming Destructive Anger: Strategies That Work|Anger WorksAnger can be extremely rewarding in the short term. It can distract you from pain and threatening feelings. You may use anger to provoke fear and anxiety in others. Such anger makes others feel threatened, allowing you to gain control. But regularly directing anger at someone is likely to make him or her even less supportive. Ultimately, that person will withdraw completely- leaving you feeling even more isolated.
Jude Morgan, An Accomplished Woman|Tedium is a dangerous thing, potentially lethal.
Louisa May Alcott|Kindness in looks and words and ways is true politeness, and any one can have it if they only try to treat other people as they like to be treated themselves.
Oliver DeMille|Education occurs when students set out to educate themselves… the student will only learn, can only learn, what he chooses to learn…(An) advantage of not pushing is an innate sense (his) education is (his) responsibility and reward.
Mario Lopez|The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
Don Roff|When I told my teachers I wanted to be a writer, alot of them encouraged me to lower my expectations and to be more realistic. So I rode away on my magical, winged horse, spraying faerie dust behind me, and laughing manically as I went.
Tillie Olsen|In the black chaos where the seas and the skies become confused let the projectors blow their white trumpets of silence("Roundness")
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|It’s kind of like a Zen thing. Like playing the piano, or being a centipede in Heaven.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Stand up for your conscience. Use light to reveal what is concealed in the darkness. Use truth to fight the lies, and the heart to fight the mind.
Jesus of Nazareth|Dynamic equivalence is a central concept in the translation theory, developed by Eugene A. Nida, which has been widely adopted by the United Bible Societies...Purporting to be an academically linguistic concept, it is in fact a sociocultural concept of communication. Its definition is essentially behavourist: determined by external forces, such as society--with strong pragmatist overtones--focusing on the reader rather than the writer. [M]ost twentieth-century American philosophical endeavours are predominantly pragmatist, dwelling in the shadows cast by William James and John Dewey.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|The last time she was up here, she had been... staring up at the sky and dreaming of stars. Now, she looked down and plotted flames.
Chris Mc Geown, Dead of Night|I crave stillness,And yet I fear the momentStillness turns into boredom,And the moment boredomTurns into loneliness.
Hazel Cartwright, Emerald Eyes of The Sea|Romance writing is a passion and the art of expressionism through the written word is a love affair... Anyone who tells you differently has never immersed themselves into something so mentally, physically and spiritually draining and rewarding in their lives as it is to write a book. It is both terrifying and exhilarating at the same time and possibly one of the most rewarding things in the world next to parenting.
Abhijit Naskar|Act like you have a lot of venom inside you, but never inject them into anyone.
George Herbert|Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Zbigniew Herbert, The Collected Prose, 1948-1998|Very early on, near the beginning of my writing life, I came to believe that I had to seize on some object outside of literature. Writing as a sylistic exercise seemed barren to me. Poetry as the art of the word made me yawn. I also understood that I couldn't sustain myself very long on the poems of others. I had to go out from myself and literature, look around in the world and lay hold of other spheres of reality.
Eliot Pattison, Water Touching Stone|Need 'nether whiskey. Whiskey chaser. Gotta get two men drunk.'Mr. Cohan placed both hands on the bar. 'Mr. Walsh,' he said severely, 'in Gavagan's we will serve a man a drink to wet his whistle, or even because his old woman has pasted him with a dornick, but a drink to get drunk with I do not sell. Now I'm telling you you've had enough for tonight, and in the morning you'll be thanking me...' ("My Brother's Keeper")
Immanuel Kant|Get to know the job intimately that you're applying for. Don't just read the job description - study it and picture yourself performing every task required of you. When you interview, framing your responses so that you reveal your significant knowledge about the job gives you a massive advantage.
Jeff Bridges|In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body; then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self.
Ethan Allen, Reason the Only Oracle of Man or a Compendious System of Natural Religion|In the woods, we return to reason and faith. There I feel that nothing can befall me in life, — no disgrace, no calamity, (leaving me my eyes,) which nature cannot repair.
Oswald Chambers|What hinders me from hearing is that I am taken up with other things. It is not that I will not hear God, but I am not devoted in the right place. I am devoted to things, to service, to convictions, and God may say what He likes but I do not hear Him.
Satyendra Singh 'Shyamal'|A Brother once told Al Habīb 'Alī al-Jifrī privately: "I feel disconnected."Al Habīb: "That is a sign of connection because a disconnected person never feels."Brother: "What shall I do?"Al Habīb: "Do you keep up your litanies (awrad)?"Brother: "Yes"Al Habīb: "A sign of drinking externally only is to feel satiated & a sign of drinking internally is continuing to feel thirsty..so you will continue to feel thirsty, thus, drink more!
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|Wayne: You wanna know why I really came to find you?Waxilliam: Why?Wayne: I thought of you happy in a comfy bed, resting and relaxing, spending the rest of your life sipping tea and reading papers while people bring you food and maids rub your toes and stuff.Waxilliam: And?Wayne: And I just couldn't leave you to a fate like that...I'm too good a friend to let a mate of mine die in such a terrible situation.Waxilliam: Comfortable?Wayne: No. Boring.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Lie|So, I believe that what you are looking for, really looking for, is that one person who is capable of recognizing you no matter what. You know, that one person who is going to be able to see past what everybody else sees and even past what you yourself see or want to show, then be able to look at you and really recognize you and say "That's not you! This is you right over here! You just forgot yourself, but I see you! I will help you remember yourself, because I remember you!" And that's what everyone wants. No, actually, I don't know if that's what everyone wants; but I know that's what I want! Because I can put up so many damn walls and faces just to see who really knows me, who really recognizes me, who really remembers me, even more than I recognize and remember myself! Because if I don't get that, then I don't get anything, because I don't want anything less than that.
J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death|That’s life. It’s a series of knock-down, drag-out fights with yourself and others that will leave you lying on the ground bruised and bloody and drooling all over your shag carpeting. But all that doesn’t define you, your reaction to it does. Your environment doesn’t make you who you are, your choices — your beliefs, do.
Carlos Wallace|A man enrich his community. A man teach and display leadership qualities for his children. A man by his presence is safety and security for his Queen. The best the thing a man can do for this world, his children and Queen is be a man.
Salman Rushdie, The Ground Beneath Her Feet|she said, these dead petals, honey, brought me here
Theodor W. Adorno, Negative Dialectics|Philosophy, which once seemed outmoded, remains alive because the moment of its realization was missed. The summary judgement that it had merely interpreted the world is itself crippled by resignation before reality, and becomes a defeatism of reason after the transformation of the world failed. It guarantees no place from which theory as such could be concretely convicted of the anachronism, which then as now it is suspected of. Perhaps the interpretation which promised the transition did not suffice. The moment on which the critique of theory depended is not to be prolonged theoretically. Praxis, delayed for the foreseeable future, is no longer the court of appeals against self-satisfied speculation, but for the most part the pretext under which executives strangulate that critical thought as idle which a transforming praxis most needs. After philosophy broke with the promise that it would be one with reality or at least struck just before the hour of its production, it has been compelled to ruthlessly criticize itself.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t ever sleep forever and don’t forever be at rest and leave the rest whilst you live though the journey of life can sometimes be so arduous! If you can’t run, crawl! If you do not want to crawl, walk! If you think walking will waste your time, gallop and if galloping is below your strength and true standard, dare to speed unrelentingly and dare to overcome all challenges! You shall always sleep or slumber only to wake up one day and realize the wide distance between you and they that crawled each second of time to the final destination of purposeful life and living unceasingly! Wake up each day and do something in the day!
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Even from far away, I could see people being chased by hellhounds, burned at the stake, forced to run naked through cactus patches or listen to opera music.
Carl Sagan, Contact|We have a bad habit of seeing books as sort of cheaply made movies where the words do nothing but create visual narratives in our heads.So too often what passes for literary criticism is "I couldn't picture that guy", or "I liked that part", or "this part shouldn't have happened." That is, we've left language so far behind that sometimes we judge quality solely based on a story's actions.So we can appreciate a novel that constructs its conflicts primarily through plot - the layered ambiguity of a fatal car accident caused by a vehicle owned by Gatsby but driven by someone else, for instance. But in this image-drenched world, sometimes we struggle to appreciate and celebrate books where the quality arises not exclusively from plot but also from the language itself.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|It was too bleak to be alone, and so they could do nothing but cling to each other as broken beings, as human beings.
Aleksandra Layland, Bind Not the Heart: A Windflower Saga Novella|We must not bind our hearts to the things of the world, no matter how beautiful they are or how much pleasure they give us. Our hearts must soar in the heavens for us to be truly the humans we were meant to be.
Julia Glass|As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|People always talk like there's a bright line between imagination and memory, but there isn't, at least not for me. I remember what I've imagined and imagine what I remember.
Michael Ende|Even though you distance yourself,you always look out for me,it makes me want to get into more trouble
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Traitor|he says : " please don't shoot me for this " and he kissed me .
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|And you know the darkness beyond despair, just as intimately as you know the soaring heights. Because in this and all universes, there is balance. You can't have the one without facing the other. And sometimes you think you can take it because the joy is worth the despair, and sometimes you know you can't take it and how did you ever think you could? And there is the dance; strength and weakness, confidence and desolation.
Isaac Asimov|Read to live another life, even if only for a chapter.
Mohadesa Najumi|I take it as a compliment when somebody calls me crazy. I would be offended if I was one of the sheeple, one of the sleepwalkers in the matrix or part of the collective hallucination we call 'normal
Griselda Salazar|I don't compare life to anything. Life can't be defined or compared, I just know that it dresses itself as a murderer in the end.
R.D. Blackmore, Lorna Doone|The Odyssey is the story of motion both purposeful and purposeless, successful and futile. What else is the history of law?
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|In the aftermath of the attacks on the United States – that included chaotic overall of airline security – and the exploding tensions in Nepal, friends thought it ill-advised for me to board a flight to Kathmandu. Yet my existence at home felt so tenuous and unpredictable that political unrest in Asia barely registered. Also, it seemed more important than ever for me to keep going, not only overseas but also in the direction of a more satisfying life. Somehow the two felt connected.
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|The fresh and crisp air of the country reminds us that our blood surges from of the natural world and how tied we are to the sprung rhythms of earth and sky, weather and season.
Annie Dillard, The Maytrees|If she[…] had known how much her first half-inch beginning to let go would take - and how long her noticing and renouncing owning and her turning her habits, and beginning the slimmest self-mastery whose end was nowhere in sight - would she have begun?
Giovanni Pico della Mirandola, Oration on the Dignity of Man|Human Dignity has five characteristics : A playful curiosity,a capacity for dreams, a sense of humor to achieve and correct those dreams, a certain flexibility and spontaenity of behavior, a capacity to fight for and save those dreams !
Barry Manilow|For a Jewish guy, I've recorded a lot of Christmas albums.
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|It is the task of the "science of man" to arrive eventually at a correct description of what deserves to be called human nature. What has often been called "human nature" is but one of its many manifestations - and often a pathological one - and the function of such mistaken definition usually has been to defend a particular type of society as being the necessary one.
J.L. McCoy, The Original Sin|No one tape her deepest gifts through shame, guilt or anger. In fact, if you come from obligation, others smell the sadness in your blood and they will run the other way,
Bertrand Russell|Never let yourself be diverted, either by what you wish to believe, or what you think could have beneficent social effects if it were believed; but look only and solely at what are the facts.
Barton Gellman|As many citizens can attest, the U.S. is a great place to get sick, but a terrible place to stay well. This requires a shift in the way both doctors and patients approach health maintenance and disease prevention.
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|At the root of the tree at the heart of the world,With a chain round his neck, the Wolf lies curled. His gleaming teeth and jaws are furled,And the sun shall rise in the morning. His chain, it is forged of the nerve of a bear,Of the voice of a fish, and a girl's chin-hair. His chain, it is light and strong and fair,And the sun shall rise in the morning. With a mountain's root, and a cat's foot-fall,And the spit of a bird, he is held in thrall, Though iron could bind him never at all, And the sun shall rise in the morning. The sun shall rise, the stars shall fade,For the binding which the good gods madeStill loops the Wolf in its lovely braid, And the sun shall rise in the morning.
Leo Tolstoy|Patriotism , as a feeling of exclusive love for one's own people, and as a doctrine of tile virtue of sacrificing one's tranquillity, one's property, and ever, one's life, in defence of one's own people from slaughter and outrage by their enemies, was the highest idea of the period when each nation considered it feasible and just, for its own advantage, to subject to slaughter and outrage the people of other nations.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|In retrospect, crappy chemicals in my brain were working overtime, driving me to destroy myself, like that thing that makes lemmings throw them¬selves over a cliff.
Angie karan|An awakened man who is driven by his heart and soul, can touch the heart of a woman he loves, without touching her
Kitty French, Knight & Stay|The girl was eighty percent kitten and twenty percent lioness, and he considered it his mission to make her roar.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos for the Next Millennium|I am afraid that I rather give myself away when I explain," said he. "Results without causes are much more impressive.
Robert Budi Hartono|Hate crimes are different from other crimes. They strike at the heart of one's identity - they strike at our sense of self, our sense of belonging. The end result is loss - loss of trust, loss of dignity, and in the worst case, loss of life.
Nina Simone|You can't help it. An artist's duty, as far as I'm concerned, is to reflect the times.
Missy Franklin|I have never experienced being daddy, it must be really fun.
Sail|I used to worry about my Fears, but I realized that most of the time nothing bad happened. So, I have stopped worrying.-RVM
Maya Angelou|We, the black people, the most displaced, the poorest, the most maligned and scourged, we had the glorious task of reclaiming the soul and saving the honor of the country. We, the most hated, must take hate into our hands and by the miracle of love, turn loathing into love. We, the most feared and apprehensive must take fear and by love, change it into hope. We, who die daily in large and small ways, must take the demon death and turn it into life.-Martin Luther King Jr.
Zadie Smith|You have to simply love writing, and you have to remind yourself often that you love it.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|When you stopped believing in God," he went on, "did you stop believing in good and evil?""No. But I stopped believing there was a power of good and a power of evil that were outside us. And I came to believe that good and evil are names for what people do, not for what they are. All we can say is that this is a good deed, because it helps someone, or that's an evil one, because it hurts them. People are too complicated to have simple labels.
Robert Kiyosaki|Having haters is just a part of the business, and the more haters you have, the more people like you - that's how I view it, because I try to see the positive in things.
Abby Wambach|There was a time when I thought dudes had friendship all figured out. The focus on eating things in front of giant screens, pretending to punch one another, competing over who can utter the grossest and most profane personal insults imaginable - this struck me as the very apex of human social exchange.
Holly Black, Valiant|The main reason I became a teacher is that I like being the first one to introduce kids to words and music and people and numbers and concepts and idea that they have never heard about or thought about before. I like being the first one to tell them about Long John Silver and negative numbers and Beethoven and alliteration and "Oh, What a Beautiful Morning" and similes and right angles and Ebenezer Scrooge. . . Just think about what you know today. You read. You write. You work with numbers. You solve problems. We take all these things for granted. But of course you haven't always read. You haven't always known how to write. You weren't born knowing how to subtract 199 from 600. Someone showed you. There was a moment when you moved from not knowing to knowing, from not understanding to understanding. That's why I became a teacher.
Susan Donovan, Public Displays of Affection|A punching bag. The guy was pounding on a punching bag. That realization took about a nanosecond to register in her brain before the real important information came to the forefront: LoriSue, God bless her slutty little soul, had been absolutely correct. He was male-stripper material, and he’d been thoughtful enough to strip to a pair of athletic shorts on his very first night in the neighborhood.
Mother Angelica|006 was such an interesting character and the film really explored his friendship with Bond and how it all went wrong, so it was a very personal journey for both characters.
Savannah Stuart, To Catch His Mate|I wanted to throw you over my shoulder and take you back to my place the moment we met, your scent was that sexy.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Action is the key to creating the changes needed to propel you toward your chosen outcomes and help you achieve your relationship goals. How are you allocating your time, energy, and activities to ‘activate your awesome’ and contribute to making a positive first impression?
Rick Yancey|Have you ever heard of such a thing as a phone?" I snapped. "You could have called so we knew you weren't dead."My anger bounced off him. "I see my diabolical plan has worked," he observed."What plan?" I asked with narrow eyes."Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Tone down the outpouring affection, Remington, or I might get the wrong idea and kiss you.
Sundar Pichai|Yeah, computers are going to take over the programming business because they have become so fast recently that they can solve the Halting Problem in five seconds flat.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|Twilight, the only time of the day when the light and dark meet and become one. The bright powerful light of the day, calmly surrenders before the engulfing duskiness of the night. And the dense whelming darkness of the night yields before the surreal dawning saffron of the morning. The only two moments of the day that absolve the difference between ‘dark and light’. (Page 71)
Ana Monnar, Relax: New and Selected Poems|Saturday is a day for the spa. RELAX, indulge, enjoy, and love yourself, too.
Michele Young-Stone, Above Us Only Sky|I felt guilty because I was upset by the loss of one friend when the Old Man had lost nearly everyone he loved. Loss, I soon learned from him, is not measured in numbers. It's not comparative. It's in here. I'm touching my chest now.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Only when we start to distinguish reality from fantasy that we can humbly, with eyes wide open, forge loving and sustainable connections with others.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|So this was it, she thought. So many times she'd wondered. True sacrifice was the surrender of one sacred thing in favor of keeping another. No matter how prudent or cautious one was, in the end something precious was lost. Whether the claim was in the name of family or duty or honor or truth, it exacted a terrible price. To her dismay, she did not feel the pride or pleasure that Bledig had claimed when he spoke of the sacrifices he had made for her and their children. For Alwen, sacrifice brought grief and guilt, and an unbearable sense of uncertainty.
Shannon L. Alder|The art of being wise is the art of knowing that solutions don’t come from individuals, but rather experiences.
Vladimir Lenin|If you held to principle so passionately, so inflexibly, indifferent in the particulars of circumstance - the full range of what human beings, with all their flaws and foibles, might endure or create - if you enthroned principle above even reason, weren't you then abdicating the responsibilities of a thinking person?
Germany Kent|We all make mistakes, but it is those that learn from them that rise to the top.
Evelynn Crowe|The evidence suggests that you would be more likely to select the tempting chocolate cake when your mind is loaded with digits. System 1 has more influence on behavoir when System 2 is busy, and it has a sweet tooth.
Stephen Covey|When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The coding was anachronistic, kind of like bokeh in a renaissance painting.
Ada Palmer, Seven Surrenders|It doesn’t take a declaration, or an invasion, to start a war, all it takes is an ‘us’ and a ‘them.’ And a spark.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|Wow Kelsey!" Kishan whistled. "I'm going to have to beat the other guys of with a stick!
Virginia Woolf|It was a miserable machine, an inefficient machine, she thought, the human apparatus for painting or for feeling; it always broke down at the critical moment; heroically, one must force it on.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|Although it is easy to imagine happiness as the upwards turn on this haphazard rising and falling of emotion which is life, but really it is a foundation of strength of character and inner balance that precipitates peace, a foundation that is slowly built or slowly chipped away. There are times when it may seem that the foundation of happiness is broken, but as the dust settles and the debris is cleared away, we find that the storm has only covered it, still leaving everything we have built in place. True happiness is forged in the furnace of perseverance, fortitude, hope and love. It is not burned or broken by the heat, rather it is made unbreakable—it becomes eternal. Life is the fuel for this purifying fire.
Theodore Dalrymple, The Wilder Shores Of Marx: Journeys In A Vanishing World|The problem with the world is that everyone does not have a brain, but everyone does have a tongue.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|…after all, what is a planet but an island in space?
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I do not think that tragedy is our natural fate and I do not live in chronic dread of disaster. It is no happiness, but suffering that I consider unnatural. It is not success, but calamity that I regard as the abnormal exception in Human Life.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|I needed them, sure, and we can all argue about the moment when the balance tipped and I needed them so much that I would hurt. But you can't pretend they didn't need me too, each in his or her way. They wouldn't necessarily have admitted it - except Reza - but you can't tell me they didn't love me. The heart knows. The body knows. When I was with Sirena, or Reza, or Skandar, the air moved differently between us; time passed differently; words or gestures meant more than themselves. If you've never had this experience-but who has not been visited by love, laughing?-then you can't understand. And if you have, you don't need me to say another word.
Christian Louboutin|I never wanted to work in fashion. At age 12 or 13, I wanted to design for showgirls - for the theater! And I was crazy for the Hollywood of the 1950s: Dietrich, Elizabeth Taylor, Jennifer Jones. They were my idea of glamour - and Sylvie Vartan, the French singer.
Nikki Rowe|You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.
Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche, Awakening the Luminous Mind: Tibetan Meditation for Inner Peace and Joy|I don't think there is anything like the awareness of space to process emotion. That space is such an incredible processor. There is no analysis equal to the processing capacity of open awareness. When you are trying to analyze something, you don't realize that the analyzer itself is part of the problem. Both the problem and the analyzer are constructions of the mind. But direct, open, naked awareness is not a construction of the mind but the nature of the mind itself, and therefore the greatest processor ever.
Luci Swindoll|Lord, to the degree I don't want to do this, bless me.
Bindi Irwin|I live in a town called Beerwah, right in the middle of Australia Zoo. It's not hustle and bustle and busy, so that's helpful. We travel all over the world, but I've always been able to come home and run around in the middle of the Australian outback.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|Positive thinking may seem like a fairly basic thing, but I know people who, when asked if they understand the importance of positive affirmations, reply, "Yes! I'm positive things will not work out!
C.S. Lewis|I gave in, and admitted that God was God.
Aron Christensen, Whisperworld|I expect that Calvin would evaluate our worship today not as too emotional, but as too narrow in its emotional repertoire.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Little tape recorders, that's what kids are, Cat thought. If you want to find out what your husband is saying behind your back, play Barbie with your daughter.
Conor Maynard|We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.
John Milton|Now there is naught but a vast black triangle having the apex downwards, and in the centre of the black triangle is the face of Typhon, the Lord of the Tempest, and he crieth aloud: Despair! Despair! For thou mayest deceive the Virgin, and thou mayest cajole the Mother; but what wilt thou say unto the ancient Whore that is throned in Eternity? For if she will not, there is neither force nor cunning, nor any wit, that may prevail upon her.Thou canst not woo her with love, for she is love. And she hath all, and hath no need of thee. And thou canst not woo her with gold, for all the Kings and captains of the earth, and all the gods of heaven, have showered their gold upon her. Thus hath she all, and hath no need of thee. And thou canst not woo her with knowledge, for knowledge is the thing that she hath spurned. She hath it all, and hath no need of thee. And thou canst not woo her with wit, for her Lord is Wit. She hath it all, and hath no need of thee. Despair! Despair!Nor canst thou cling to her knees and ask for pity; nor canst thou cling to her heart and ask for love; nor canst thou put thine arms about her neck, and ask for understanding; for thou hast all these, and they avail thee not. Despair! Despair! Then I took the Flaming Sword, and I let it loose against Typhon, so that his head was cloven asunder, and the black triangle dissolved in lightnings.
Regina Brett|Humans have continued to evolve quite a lot over the past ten thousand years, and certainly over 100 thousand. Sure, our biology affects our behavior. But it's unlikely that humans' early evolution is deeply relevant to contemporary psychological questions about dating or the willpower to complete a dissertation.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|It's God that's worrying me. That's the only thing that's worrying me. What if He doesn't exist? What if Rakitin's right -that it's an idea made up by men? Then, if He doesn't exist, man is the king of the earth, of the universe. Magnificent! Only how is he going to be good without God? That's the question. I always come back to that. Who is man going to love then? To whom will he be thankful? To whom will he sing the hymn? Rakitin laughs. Rakitin says that one can love humanity instead of God. Well, only an idiot can maintain that. I can't understand it. Life's easy for Rakitin. 'You'd better think about the extension of civic rights, or of keeping down the price of meat. You will show your love for humanity more simply and directly by that, than by philosophy.' I answered him: 'Well, but you, without a God, are more likely to raise the price of meat if it suits you, and make a rouble on every penny.' He lost his temper. But after all, what is goodness? Answer that, Alyosha. Goodness is one thing with me and another with a Chinaman, so it's relative. Or isn't it? Is it not relative? A treacherous question! You won't laugh if I tell you it's kept me awake for two nights. I only wonder now how people can live and think nothing about it. Vanity!
Cristina García, Dreaming in Cuban|There are white people who know how to act politely to blacks, but deep down you know they're uncomfortable. They're worse, more dangerous than those who speak their minds, because they don't know what they're capable of.
Sunday Adelaja|Until we begin to discover and create value, purposefully and systemically, we are not humans but only biomass
Johann Rudolf Wolf|Deeply convinced of the reality of the divine will, he (Lincoln) had no patience at all with any who were perfectly sure they knew the details of the divine will.
Dada Bhagwan|If you praise the virtues of the person who is two degrees higher than you, if you worship him, if you serve him; this is known as aradhana (veneration; worship). If you say bad things about him, defame him; it is known as viradhana (despise). Viradhana (despise) results in your down fall and aradhana (worship) results in your rise upwards.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|I know you adore Father, but he isn't the white knight you imagine him to be. He never was. True, he's charming and loving in his way. But he's selfish. He's a limited man determined to bring about his own end-""But-"Tom grabs both my hands in his and gives them a small squeeze. "Gemma, you can't save him. Why can't you accept that?"I see my reflection on the surface of the Thames. My face is a watery outline, all blurred edges with nothing settled. "Because if I let go of that" - I swallow hard, once, twice - "then I have to accept that I am alone."The ship's horn howls again as it slips out toward sea. Tom's reflection appears beside mine, just as uncertain."We're every one of us alone in this world, Gemma." He doesn't say it bitterly. "But you have company, if you want.
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|Showmen's Rest was truly something to behold. Throughout the entire yard, statues and carvings of elephants, clowns, and tight-rope walkers danced on the gray and white surfaces of tombstones and grave-markers. For the first time, Michael got the feeling that the men and women who'd been buried there were probably really happy with their final resting place. It was a touching tribute, one that honored their passion in life and that had been constructed out of love and respect.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Adolescents need tremendous support as they go about the task of figuring out their identities, their future selves. Too often what they get is intrusion. Intrusion and support are two fundamentally different processes: support is about the needs of the child, intrusion is about the needs of the parent.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|This thing I am feeling, I’m almost certain, is the closest I’ll ever come to standing somewhere in between truth and reconciliation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May God grant you more grace, strength and wisdom.
Rachel Cohn, Beta|theres a heavy silence between usit settles in the creases on your jacketand seeps into the fur on my hood.i know your middle name andi know your birthday and i know you look more like your dadbut you wish you looked like your mom.i watch your back and for the first time in my lifeim genuinely terrified."whats my birthday?" i askand you dont look at me because you never doyou never look me in the eyeyou never say my nameand god its hitting me.its hitting me that maybemaybe it was all for nothingi know you inside and outi know you better than i know myselfand maybe thats all for nothing."it’s in december, right?" you askbut its not a question andif i were anyone else if i werent love-sickif i wasnt absolutelyfucking blinded by youi would punch you in the fucking mouth.my birthday is may fifth.
Robert J. Sawyer, WWW: Watch|When you can do that, little Wren, when you can accept the wearing down and the eroding, then you can do anything. How did I manage to keep going out nights? I just told myself I didn’t matter all that much—that those in here mattered more. You know something? It’s not so hard really. You just have to get past the fear.
Jayne Castel, The Whispering Wind|Your happiness is a beacon of light in my life. Although you may not realize so now, your bright disposition will smooth many paths ahead for you. Whatever happens—don’t ever let that light go out.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Day and night, their frail and crippled ships defy the tempest.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|Some politicians are much noisier than the dogs! Just like teaching a dog how to hush, public must likewise teach those politicians to shush!
Carlos A.  Rodriguez|Your commitment to Jesus is a beautiful thing, but it will eventually dwindle down, unless you fully understand His commitment to you.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Some say ignorance is bliss, I say love is.
Susannah Scott, Stop Dragon My Heart Around|She kissed him with just as much exuberance, enjoying the feel of his warm, sexy mouth against hers, the caress of his hands on her cheeks, as she stroked his bare back with as much tenderness.
Lennart Meri|When a man has been consistently battering his wife, he shouldn't expect a bouquet of roses from her the morning after he promises to stop.
Pierre Bonnard|The creative act lasts but a brief moment, a lightning instant of give-and-take, just long enough for you to level the camera and to trap the fleeting prey in your little box.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|Yes. They are the words that finally turned me into the hermit I have now become. It was quite sudden. I saw them, and I knew what I had to do."The sign read:"Hold stick near center of its length. Moisten pointed end in mouth. Insert in tooth space, blunt end next to gum. Use gentle in-out motion.""It seemed to me," said Wonko the Sane, "that any civilization that had so far lost its head as to need to include a set of detailed instructions for use in a package of toothpicks, was no longer a civilization in which I could live and stay sane.
Cheryl Strayed|Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.
Brett McCracken, Hipster Christianity: When Church and Cool Collide|The consensus seems to be this: we should be deeply Christian artists. But that doesn't mean we should be something called Christian artists or that whatever we produce should be called Christian art. We should simply focus on our craft, on making the best art we can. We should understand that people will and should resonate with our work not because it is Christian but because it is good. Above all, Christians should make good art, true art; art unafraid of exploring mystery, portraying evil, and looking for truth wherever it appears.
Jeffrey Fry|Though I can make a friend in an hour, it will take a lifetime to cultivate a friendship.
Kevin Reaver, Plague of Sorrow|All good things are borne from evil, just like good people. It’s very rare that someone does things purely out of the goodness of their heart. Most need something to fight against, something to drive them forward in order to create a light in what will always be a very dark world.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 5: Lonely City|Time was this place didn’t make sense and I could live with it. Either it’s changed, or I have.
Debasish Mridha|You cannot enrich yourself with material possessions. However, you can enrich yourself by giving yourself away with love, service, kindness, compassion, and courage.
Claire North, The End of the Day|A funeral procession, the women scream until they fall down in a faint, the men hold them up, the boys cry silently sand swear to take up arms in their father's name. It is the same funeral procession that their fathers saw, their fathers before them, and their grandfathers unto generations unknown, where the same vow was taken.
Mark Darrah, A Catalogue of Common People|The wonderful thing about learning is that you deprive no one else by taking what you learn. The wonderful thing about teaching is that you don’t lose what you give away. Teaching is also the only gift you can give that will live on into eternity. Something you teach becomes another’s who teaches it to another and to another, and on and on and on.
Mirza Gelovani, თეთრი მიწა|ზოგჯერ დავიღლები, დამიდუნდებიან ღონიერი მკლავები, გულიც დამეღლება და საკმარისია დავფიქრდე - გადავცდე მიჯნას ჩვეულებრივს, შევხვდე პოეზიას და სილამაზეს და ქრება დაღლა. ზღაპრული სიჩქარით შუქი ავსებს ჩემს სულს...
Ruby Rose|Gender fluidity is not really feeling like you're at one end of the spectrum or the other. For the most part, I definitely don't identify as any gender. I'm not a guy; I don't really feel like a woman, but obviously I was born one. So, I'm somewhere in the middle, which - in my perfect imagination - is like having the best of both sexes.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Remember, it’s the pace that kills, never the distance.
Corey Taylor|I am a man ruled by music- I live, die, fight and survive for it.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|It was an instinctive testimony to Little Dorrit's worth and difference from all the rest, that the poor young fellow honoured and loved her for being simply what she was.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|After a night of drinking, she would be a pale, starling-sized creature, but now, in this place, she is moonlight in heels.
C. JoyBell C.|I read things that male relationship experts write about women and I read things that female relationship experts write about men, then I feel a true sadness in my heart. Why can’t there be a simple, pure, direct openness? Why can’t there be a simple, real, open trust? The truth is that male or female, gay or straight— we are all people— we have all been broken and put back together in so many different ways... it’s really just about learning how to recognize the sound of the other one's cracks. And that’s what it’s really about, just that.
Claude Monet|I must have flowers, always and always.
Stephen Covey|I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do.
Andi Zeisler, We Were Feminists Once: From Riot Grrrl to CoverGirl®, the Buying and Selling of a Political Movement|Empowertising not only builds on the idea that any choice is a feminist choice if a self-labeled feminist deems it so, but takes it a little bit further to suggest that being female is in itself something that deserves celebration.
Elizabeth Bohorquez|I’m not bilingual, but I am fluent in therapists’ jargon.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.
Matt Kindt, Unity, Volume 5: Homefront|Harada: Failure is essential, Amanda. It's the motivator. Even as an infant. You fall and fall again until eventually you can put one foot in front of the other and walk.Amanda: I don't like the not knowing. Not knowing what's wrong. Not knowing what I'm doing. Not knowing what's happening next.Harada: You're human. Of course you don't like it. The trick is learning to savor the unknown. To embrace mystery. Trust me... too much knowlegde can become... will become a bigger burden than ignorance and failure will ever be.
Jodi Picoult|Regardless of where you are and where you think you should be, you is where you is. Accept that fact. And at the same time, become aware of and accept another universal fact: the only constant is change. You are always exactly where you need to be...
William Gibson, Spook Country|In Russia you learn patience," said Ivan. "In America you learn action.
Rollo May, Existence|When we are dealing with human beings, no truth has reality by itself; it is always dependent upon the reality of the immediate relationship.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|My message for all my readers is: Don't believe in those who claim that youth is a passing disease you just have to get rid of. Don't believe, that maturity is a goal and an asset to go after. Nothing will ever be ready, that is what makes life interesting. Read!
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Life is all about priorities. Year after year, day after day, and even minute after minute you have to embrace what is more important and essential for you and not look back. When others don’t understand or admonish you for your choices don’t give it any energy because they are telling you that their wants are more significant than yours.
Henny Youngman|In the name of Hypocrites, doctors have invented the most exquisite form of torture ever known to man: survival.
David Batterson|I will continue to write what I love to read, and the fact that it doesn't sell as well as romance or sci-fi or fantasy isn't the point.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Sometimes, even those whom we consider as our close friends may betray us so easily, in a moment when we do not even expect it. Such is the truth of life, despite so many eloquent odes humanity dedicated to friendship.
Una McCormack|If I didn't work on the assumption that people were mostly telling me the truth, I think I'd go mad... And I'd rather be mistaken about others than mistrustful of them.
Reba McEntire|To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.
B.L. Brunnemer, Trying To Live With The Dead|Beautiful is sick, so we’re here to smother her back to health.
Joyce Wycoff, Sarana's Gift, It Changes Everything!|The deeper the pain, the greater the fear, the wider the door opens to a new world. Step through.
Seanan McGuire, A Local Habitation|Cats never listen. They’re dependable that way; when Rome burned, the emperor’s cats still expected to be fed on time.
Charlie Gonzalez|When you're working hard and doing all you can to achieve your goals, anything that can give you an edge is powerful and will streamline your path to success.
Jason Versey|Embrace yourself, in these times, and acknowledge yourself for the extraordinary progress you are making, as a soul, in every waking moment.
Richard Wright, Native Son|If much in the world were mystery the limits of that world were not, for it was without measure or bound and there were contained within it creatures more horrible yet and men of other colors and beings which no man has looked upon and yet not alien none of it more than were their own hearts alien in them, whatever wilderness contained there and whatever beasts.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|But no: he was empty, he was confronted by a vast anger, a desperate anger, he saw it and could almost have touched it. But it was inert - if it were to live and find expression and suffer, he must lend it his own body. It was other people's anger. "Swine!" He clenched his fists, he strode along, but nothing came, the anger remained external to himself.
Dhani Harrison|Your neighbors will be envious of your 3D printer - and if they're not, just print new neighbors. Design them so they'll like to bring you pies, maybe, or want to do your yard work for you.
Brandon T. Snider, My Little Pony: The Elements of Harmony Vol. II|Fluttershy is a natural beauty with gentle, serene ways. Despite her shy and unassuming nature, Fluttershy has a unique gift with animals. Her sweetness and sincerity can charm every animal, from tiny woodland creatures to the most powerful of mythical beasts, making her a valuable asset to her friends in all their adventures. Although she's afraid of heights (very embarrassing for a Pegasus) and shies away at the slightest sound, Fluttershy has no problem confronting grumpy manticores or scolding greedy dragons. While she lacks confidence, she has an inner strength that comes out when others are in trouble. Fluttershy has a lot of fears to overcome, but one day her strength of character and enormous heart will make her a force to be reckoned with.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|We forget all too soon the things we thought we could never forget. We forget the loves and the betrayals alike, forget what we whispered and what we screamed, forget who we were.
Nelson Mandela|If I preached unity, I must act like a unifier, even at the risk of perhaps alienating some of my own colleagues.
Elizabeth Goudge|The very old and the very young have something in common that makes it right that they should be left alone together. Dawn and sunset see stars shining in a blue sky; but morning and midday and afternoon do not, poor things.
Unarine Ramaru|Love is not the perfect match, love is the connection between two people.
Napoleon Hill|Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.
Lorrie Blitch|If you don’t own the company, it’s their job, not yours. They lease it to you for a while for the value you create beyond what you cost. At the end of the lease, if you paid off the tab and have more valuable knowledge and skills than you had when you signed on, it’s a good deal for everyone. If you take their money but don’t get better at what you do, you got burned.
Jane Austen, Love and Friendship|Charm is an elusive quality. Some have it; no teacher can afford to be without it. Teachers who lack charm must resort to violence.”“How much more dignified to retire from the world rather than wait for the world to tire of you.”“Reform, like gender, is a concept in constant need of reinvention.
A.G. Howard, Splintered|>>How old were you when you had your first kiss?>>Twenty. It's pathetic. Guys don't want to kiss fat girls. >>Not true. There are all those guys on jerry springer, and there's president Clinton... >>Make that: no one I ever wanted to kiss wanted to kiss a fat girl. >>I'll bet you never gave anyone a chance. Mitch says you practically beat him away with a stick.>>I was trying to spare him.
Yashichiro Takahashi, Shakugan no Shana: Fight Day!|One thing that makes aikido is so powerful,it utilizes power of opponents to win the fight.
Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything|There is only one thing children find harder to hold back than tears, and that is joy.
George S. Patton|The PC has improved the world in just about every area you can think of. Amazing developments in communications, collaboration and efficiencies. New kinds of entertainment and social media. Access to information and the ability to give a voice people who would never have been heard.
Benjamin Disraeli|The fact is that more people have been slaughtered in the name of religion than for any other single reason. That, that my friends, is true perversion.
Eugenio Montejo|I escape disaster by writing a poem with a joke in it:The past, present, and future walk into a bar—it was tense.
Mur Lafferty|Any advice for how to be a successful author?""Yes. Don't be a woman. And be dead. And do both at the same time, if you can.
David Shields, Reality Hunger: A Manifesto|Story seems to say that everything happens for a reason and I want to say, No, it doesn’t.
Cassidy Calloway, Secrets of a First Daughter|For the next several minutes we forgot about scones and lollipops and SATs and politicians and the Secret Service and hovered in a blissful place, population of two—Max and me. When I was kissing Max, the rest of the world, and all my problems faded away.
Erin Konsmo, Feminism FOR REAL: Deconstructing the Academic Industrial Complex of Feminism|First off, as has been well stated by many Indigenous Feminists before us, the idea of gender equality did not come from the suffragettes or other so-called "foremothers" of feminist theory. It should also be recognized that although we are still struggling for this thing called "gender equality," it is not actually a framed issue within the feminist realm, but a continuation of the larger tackling of colonialism. So this idea that women of colour all of a sudden realized "we are women," and magically joined the feminist fight actually re-colonizes people for who gender equality and other "feminist" notions is a remembered history and current reality since before Columbus. The mainstream feminist movement is supposed to have started in the early 1900s with women fighting for the right to vote. However, these white women deliberately excluded the struggles of working class women of color and participated in the policy of forced sterilization for Aboriginal women and women with disabilities. Furthermore, the idea that we all need to subscribe to the same theoretical understandings of history is marginalizing. We all have our own truths and histories to live.
Sai Marie Johnson, Lover Undefined|It was how it had been with the madman among the tombs, that their number was legion, far in excess at any rate if the number listed on the back of the door as the room's maximum occupancy.
Carrie Harris, Bad Taste in Boys|If We Must DieIf we must die, let it not be like hogsHunted and penned in an inglorious spot,While round us bark the mad and hungry dogs,Making their mock at our accursèd lot.If we must die, O let us nobly die,So that our precious blood may not be shedIn vain; then even the monsters we defyShall be constrained to honor us though dead!O kinsmen! we must meet the common foe!Though far outnumbered let us show us brave,And for their thousand blows deal one death-blow!What though before us lies the open grave?Like men we'll face the murderous, cowardly pack,Pressed to the wall, dying, but fighting back!
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|Beyond the speculative and often fraudulent froth that characterizes much of neoliberal financial manipulation, there lies a deeper process that entails the springing of ‘the debt trap’ as a primary means of accumulation by dispossession. Crisis creation, management, and manipulation on the world stage has evolved into the fine art of deliberative redistribution of wealth from poor countries to the rich. I documented the impact of Volcker’s interest rate increase on Mexico earlier. While proclaiming its role as a noble leader organizing ‘bail-outs’ to keep global capital accumulation on track, the US paved the way to pillage the Mexican economy. This was what the US Treasury–Wall Street–IMF complex became expert at doing everywhere. Greenspan at the Federal Reserve deployed the same Volcker tactic several times in the 1990s. Debt crises in individual countries, uncommon during the 1960s, became very frequent during the 1980s and 1990s. Hardly any developing country remained untouched, and in some cases, as in Latin America, such crises became endemic. These debt crises were orchestrated, managed, and controlled both to rationalize the system and to redistribute assets. Since 1980, it has been calculated, ‘over fifty Marshall Plans (over $4.6 trillion) have been sent by the peoples at the Periphery to their creditors in the Center’. ‘What a peculiar world’, sighs Stiglitz, ‘in which the poor countries are in effect subsidizing the richest.
Peter Gallagher|Some go on to trade schools or get further training for jobs they are interested in. Some go into the arts, some are craftsmen, some take a little time out to travel, and some start their own businesses. But our graduates find and work at what they want to do.
Angie karan|Grateful thanks to good friends, who lifted us, when we fall.
Julian Huxley|We should be agnostic about those things for which there is no evidence. We should not hold beliefs merely because they gratify our desires for afterlife, immortality, heaven, hell, etc.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|As long as I can be with you, even my digital heart will start to throb. Like a quantum wind, my heart will start to sway.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|He strained his ears, and the darkness felt heavier than before. Oppressive.“We’re hungry.” That came from behind him.“They smell tasty,” a voice to his left hissed.“I don’t like this,” Andrew said, feeling like the world around them was spinning with voices, taunting, echoing them.“I don’t like this,” a voice parroted. “I don’t like this. I don’t like this. I don’t like this.
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam|Uncertainty is a quality to be cherished, therefore – if not for it, who would dare to undertake anything?
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|To become great you have to be good first, and that only occurs by applying yourself. Commit to your passion and refuse to let yourself down.
Rebekah Elizabeth Gamble, The Talking Stick Diaries: Embody Your Power|If you allow someone to control you, you surrender part of your power to them.
Paula J. Giddings, When and Where I Enter: The Impact of Black Women on Race and Sex in America|In the same year, the publication of Betty Friedan’s The Feminine Mystique added fuel to the fire of a growing feminist discontent. The author spoke to middle-class White women, bored in suburbia (an escape hatch from increasingly Black cities) and seeking sanction to work at a “meaningful” job outside the home. Not only were the problems of the White suburban housewife (who may have had Black domestic help) irrelevant to Black women, they were also alien to them. Friedan’s observation that “I never knew a woman, when I was growing up, who used her mind, played her own part in the world, and also loved, and had children” seemed to come from another planet.
Paul Bogard, The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light|I didn't mean to tell you," Mrs. Whatsit faltered. "I didn't mean ever to let you know. But oh, my dears, I did so love being a star!" "Yyouu are sstill verry yyoungg," Mrs Witch said, her voice faintly chiding. The Medium sat looking happily at the star-filled sky in her ball, smiling, and nodding and chuckling gently. But Meg noticed that her eyes were drooping, and suddenly her head fell forward and she gave a faint snore."Poor thing," Mrs Whatsit said, "we've worn her out. It's very hard work for her.
Susan Pease Banitt|PTSD is a whole-body tragedy, an integral human event of enormous proportions with massive repercussions.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|They couldn't keep Death out, but while she was in she had to act like a lady.
Linda Deir|In spiritual moments we nearly perceive a grand, divine conspiracy of interconnectedness between us and everything.
Ian Mckellen|It's surprising to me how many of my friends send Christmas cards, or holiday cards, including my atheist and secular friends.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Relationships are blessings, but they need the manure of love, respect and devotion. A little more would raise expectations and a little less would bring remorse.
Thomas Merton|There are so many voices heard today asserting that one should "have religion" or "believe," but all they mean is that one should associate himself, "sign up" with some religious group. Stand up and be counted. As if religion were somehow primarily a matter of gregariousness...
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|This self-reliance, this direct dealing with the world, seemed to him, even in the height of his concern, unwomanly, a deeper injury to his own abandoned assumptions than any he had contemplated.
Ayn Rand|A good novel is an indivisible sum: every scene, sequence and passage of a good novel has to involve, contribute to and advance all three of its major attributes: theme, plot, characterization.
Dale Carnegie|The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|Songs of the SoulOn a dark night,Inflamed by love-longing -O exquisite risk! -Undetected I slipped away.My house, at last, grown still.Secure in the darkness,I climbed the secret ladder in disguise -O exquisite risk! -Concealed by the darkness.My house, at last, grown still.That sweet night: a secret.Nobody saw me;I did not see a thing.No other light, no other guideThan the one burning in my heart.This light led the wayMore clearly than the risen sunTo where he was waiting for me- The one I knew so intimately -In a place where no one could find us.O night, that guided me!O night, sweeter than sunrise!O night, that joined lover with Beloved!Lover transformed in Beloved!Upon my blossoming breast,Which I cultivated just for him,He drifted into sleep,And while I caressed him,A cedar breeze touched the air.Wind blew down from the tower,Parting the locks of his hair.With his gentle handHe wounded my neckAnd all my senses were suspended.I lost myself. Forgot myself.I lay my face against the Beloved's face.Everything fell away and I left myself behind,Abandoning my caresAmong the lilies, forgotten.
Mari Mancusi, Stake That|And then he kisses me. Yes, the beautiful vampire, the dark general, the one who never gets close to anyone, leans in and presses his lips against mine. This kiss is soft. Gentle. Light. Like a butterfly’s wing whisking my lips.
Richard K. Morgan, Altered Carbon|It has been a messy week, and I blame myself as much as anyone else. I feel like a behaviourist who has designed her rat’s maze poorly.
Aristotle|Cooking is not difficult. Everyone has taste, even if they don't realize it. Even if you're not a great chef, there's nothing to stop you understanding the difference between what tastes good and what doesn't.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I don't believe that the big men, the politicians and the capitalists alone, are guilty of the war. Oh no, the little man is just as guilty, otherwise the peoples of the world would have risen in revolt long ago! There's in people simply an urge to destroy, an urge to kill, to murder and rage, and until all mankind, without exception, undergoes a great change, great wars will be waged, everything that has been built up, cultivated, and grown will be destroyed and disfigured, after which mankind will have to begin all over again.
Hippocrates|I just love pretty things, whether it is art, a song or a pair of shoes.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|I run my finger along the crease of the envelope, feel the weight of history inside. Wherever I'm going next, these are coming with me.
John Updike, A Month Of Sundays|Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Happiness was an evasive emotion that could not be fabricated, duplicated, or happened upon. It was something that was only handed out to a select few, but just like his mother, Ethan realized that he was never meant to have it.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|His interest, after all, was not in the origin of species but in their demise.
Kamand Kojouri|Come to me.Why must you ruin this moment?You are burdened with thought.Burdened with the pastand expectations of the future.You are burdened with your self.Cast these aside by laughing at yourself.And love,for what more is there than to love me?Take me nowand let it be heaven for us.
Jean Vanier, Eruption to Hope|...the standard for moral behaviour must be part of God's nature. He did not create morality, he is morality.
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|Maybe I should, I don't know leave? Because this is starting to sound like one of those reality shows I don't want to be in. Maybe you guys want to take turns in the confessional booth.
Clifford Cohen|Be wary of smooth talkers. Words are rarely at your disposal if something is wholly, truly, completely true.
Aarathi Prasad, Like a Virgin: How Science Is Redesigning The Rules Of Sex|Branches or types are characterized by the plan of their structure,Classes, by the manner in which that plan is executed, as far as ways and means are concerned, Orders, by the degrees of complication of that structure, Families, by their form, as far as determined by structure, Genera, by the details of the execution in special parts, andSpecies, by the relations of individuals to one another and to the world in which they live, as well as by the proportions of their parts, their ornamentation, etc.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|At first, man was enslaved by the gods. But he broke their chains. Then he was enslaved by the kings. But he broke their chains. He was enslaved by his birth, by his kin, by his race. But he broke their chains. He declared to all his brothers that a man has rights which neither god nor king nor other men can take away from him, no matter what their number, for his is the right of man, and there is no right on earth above this right. And he stood on the threshold of freedom for which the blood of the centuries behind him had been spilled.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|Love demands everything, they say, but my love demands only this: that no matter what happens or how long it takes, you`ll keep faith in me, you`ll remember who we are, and you`ll never feel despair.
Abhijit Naskar|Common people tend to term any kind of bizarre phenomenon as “paranormal” or “supernatural”. They often exaggerate it as the work of the Gods. Behind this belief is nothing but primitive ignorance. Social progress means that people must (a necessity, not a luxury) align their beliefs and behavior to new knowledge and understanding of nature.
Mohadesa Najumi|All my life I have heard the term happiness thrown around like a buzzword as if it is something to be gained. As I have previously expressed, I do not view happiness as a tangible thing. To me happinesss is the elimination of accumulated darkness. Self-sustaining happiness comes from contentment of acceptance, compassion and sympathetic joy, qualities which cannot be developed like a muscle, but rather they must be actualized by the removal of fetters in the mind
Mel Paisley, Love Hurts: A Speculative Fiction Anthology|The science fiction author, H.G. Wells was an avid supporter of eugenics and a believer in a hierarchy of the races.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, More, Now, Again: A Memoir of Addiction|Being mad at a drug addict for doing what drug addicts do, is like being mad at a shark for doing what sharks do, or being mad at a cockroach for doing what cockroaches do.
Mariella Frostrup|You only need to look at Jane Austen to see how crossed wires can become a defining aspect of romantic life. Then again, if the course of true love ran more smoothly, it would have a terribly detrimental effect on our cache of love stories.
Karen Russell, Vampires in the Lemon Grove|I dropped the candies into the children's bags, thinking: You small mortals don't realize the power of your stories.
Jaeda DeWalt|People can have the best of intentions when they tell their loved ones how they should be living their lives. But often times, when we are in struggle, we are seeking to be supported, not solved.
Joseph Conrad|That afternoon She listened to the grievances of the dead from two warring nations. Both sides had suffered, both sides had legitimate grievances, both pled their cases earnestly. She covered Her ears and moaned in misery. She knew Her humans were multidimensional and She could no longer live under the rigid architecture of Her youthful choices.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|Most people think love comes from the heart or soul. The heart simply pumps blood, so love can't be created there. Where is the center for what appears to be a person's soul? The Brain. And what is created there, Jilly? That's right--dopamine. What does dopamine do? Creates feelings of love and euphoria. How do we get our brains to create more? Drugs, massage, and/or sex. Boil it down and it's all just dopamine.
Jim Butcher, Vignette|I have nightmares about hell, where all I do is add up numbers and try to have conversations with people like you.
Veronika Gasparyan, Mother at Seven|No matter what happens, you need to dream big. Unrealistically big! Even if it sounds totally crazy to you, I need you to still dream it and visualize it. If you come across challenges on the way to your dreams, do not go around them. Do not try to skip or leave them for later. Face them, fight through them, and win. Get to your goal, no matter what, and never lose hope or faith in your positive outcome. And when you achieve it, move on to the next one.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|The poor, the illiterate, the helpless, the distressed — let these be your God.
Tullian Tchividjian|I lived with this tremendous fear of failure because my father was a playwright and a director, and I think he did a couple of things as a child as an actor as well, and he... he failed, basically.
Alan Moore|In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.
Don Roff|Writing a story, regardless of length, begins always with a single word.
Matt Haig, The Radleys|Silly me, thinking you actually had potential. I thought, Finally, she's realized she's a vampire. Now we're getting somewhere. But now you're just a big fluffy bunny with sharp teeth.
Henry Thomas Buckle|You can tell the lowest class by their habit of always talking about persons; the next, by the fact that their habit is always to converse about things; the highest, by their preference for the discussion of ideas.
Scott Stabile|Happiness is not a choice, or we’d all be happy. Let’s stop putting unnecessary pressure on ourselves to be happy all the time, and to pretend we can choose to be happy whenever we want. That’s not how life works. Sure, we can make choices that reflect a commitment to our well-being, and the more of these choices we make, the more likely we are to find ourselves feeling good more often. Healthy choices are within our power, and are important. But we can’t choose happiness, and we just set ourselves up for failure by believing we can. Life is more than happiness, anyway. It’s okay to feel all the things we feel. It’s human. There’s no shame in wanting to be happy, of course. We all want to be happy. But rather than try to choose happiness, maybe we can choose to being kinder and more loving. That we can do. We can work hard to take better care of ourselves, and better care of each other. If we do these things, and we remember that we are all connected, all brothers and sisters, all worthy of love, maybe then happiness will choose us a little more often.
Jane Rainwater, Red Hats & Renegades|A smile curled the corner of Xavier’s mouth. “You didn’t think I would let her walk out of my arms without knowing I would see her again soon, did you?”Bryant shrugged. “Well, no. I guess not. What are you going to do now?”The lid of the case slammed shut, and Xavier jerked his vibrating phone back out of his pocket. “Well, as soon as I get these fires extinguished, I’m going to go start one with her.”Bryant laughed. “After this long, that’ll be one hell of a raging inferno.”“I hope so.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|Open your eyes, Ambrosio, and be prudent. Hell is your lot; You are doomed to eternal perdition; Nought lies beyond your grave but a gulph of devouring flames.
ShahenshahHK|But the finger I pointed at her turned back to me. I had loved her. Not only had I loved her, I had chosen her.
Terry A. O'Neal|Although she was fragile in appearance, every prohibition lost substance in her presence.
Rebecca De Mornay|My character had been in the chair for seven years. He had gone through his anger, depression, drug and alcohol abuse. He had gone through everything, now he was up, he was happy, he was filled with his dream.
Xun Kuang|What is destiny more than an end result? If there is such thing as destiny it must change. With every thought we think, every word we utter, every choice we make our destiny adjusts to fit the consequences of that choice.
Phylicia Rashad|When something is such a creative medium as the web, the limits to it are our imagination.
Mary  V. Pate, Now I Have the Best Job in the World: How God Helped Me Through Sabotage in the Workplace|Powerful I am a form of God's design! I will have whatever my mind is set on; I will be whatever my desire is to be, Around me rolls the power of universe.I stand to gaze and praise myself loud, For my greetings waits the entire nature,I have made choices out of my self-loveI have held to thoughts to please my ownI have taken charted plans to make beautiful way Where I live in a closet of peace with spiritual gainI have the power to change darkness into dazzling light, I have the courage to struggle for my deserving right.With my choices I ride ahead to capture vision and goalsBut it seems life still loves the green grasses and games,Then I fear as I deceive myself and cheat my knowing Soul,For greed of wants, desires I manipulate my Divine own. But the joke is still I achieve what I want in a better way,No one knows how happy I am to be in this humble way,Past is gone and it better leaves me alone for now,My true romance is only with my dear lovely future.I have strength of ocean within me and power of God, Who dares to break me down will never be able to at all,I am the most beautiful design created by my God,His infinite power and tender heart inherited by me...the powerful one- Harshada Pathare
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Follow me down, Alice Faye Dahl. I know the way.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the enemy, throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think how stupid war is, and while they are thinking, you can throw a real grenade at them.
Pat R, Os Homens Nunca Saberão Nada Disto|Dying is easy, but victory comes hard.
Ronald Reagan|I love America more than any other country in the world and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.
John Derbyshire, We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism|The ordinary modes of human thinking are magical, religious, social, and personal. We want our wishes to come true; we want the universe to care about us; we want the approval of those around us; we want to get even with that s.o.b. who insulted us at the last tribal council. For most people, wanting to know the cold truth about the world is way, way down the list.
Chris Marlow, Doing Good Is Simple: Making a Difference Right Where You Are|the very least we can live with is an agreement that does not reduce us to slaves of imposition, but makes us partners of consent. Yes, we are compelled to make peace, we submit to force majeure, but leave us at least a piece of clothing to cover our nudity. This is the motivation behind every formula of diplomatic contrivance that is sometimes described as face-saving, and wise indeed is the victor who knows that, in order to shield his own rear from the elements, he must not denude his opponents.
Eric Kripke|A wise man once told me family don’t end in blood, but it doesn’t start there either. Family cares about you, not what you can do for them. Family’s there through the good, bad, all of it. They got your back even when it hurts. That’s family
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|involving into an iterative process of simplifying the 'complexity', and then transforming this 'simplicity into newer complexity' while integrating the unsolved domain for an unprecedented success.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Trust is not a gasoline-soaked blanket that succumbs to the matches of betrayal, never able to be used for its warmth again; it’s a tapestry that wears thin in places, but can be patched over if you have the right materials, circumstances, and patience to repair it. If you don’t, you’re always the one who feels the coldest when winter comes.
vicky vora|someone told me that "The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Look toward the Soul's guidance, which is not just ready to be shared - but, awaits you acceptance.
Frank Bruno|As a father now, I wouldn't do what my dad did, because it left me feeling emotionally unstable as a kid. But he didn't do the things he did out of selfishness or malice.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|How many years went by unnoticed, unembraced?
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|Life is either the same song you sing day in and day out, or you go out into the world and devise your own soundtrack.
Vincent A. Gallagher, The True Cost of Low Prices: The Violence of Globalization|The oldest problem in economic education is how to exclude the incompetent. A certain glib mastery of verbiage-the ability to speak portentously and sententiously about the relation of money supply to the price level-is easy for the unlearned and may even be aided by a mildly enfeebled intellect. The requirement that there be ability to master difficult models, including ones for which mathematical competence is required, is a highly useful screening device.
Toni Morrison|I always looked upon the acts of racist exclusion, or insult, as pitiable, for the other person. I never absorbed that. I always thought that there was something deficient about such people. 
Anthony T. Hincks|We go from one war to another; we go from one terrorist group to another and we go from one calamity to another, but there is a pattern there if you know where to look.It's amazing how when one war is about to end, another miraculously pops its head up.Coincidence? Hmmm...I'm highly skeptical.However, a lot of money seems to go into these 'wars' and there always seems to be little change left at the end of it.Like I said in my other quote..."War! Someone's making a hell of a lot of money!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In order to grow sometimes we must cease striving to meet other people’s expectations and begin establishing new goals that develop our personal potential. If we live a life to satisfy all the direct or implicit anticipations of other people, we end up living a life full of regret because we failed to develop into a complete manifestation of our being.
Imania Margria|What you do is your choice. You can make good or bad choices, but there will never be any right or wrong to who you are.
Robin Sacredfire|You shouldn't write about your personal life', says the one feeling threatened by the truth to the writer.
Tom Brokaw|Medical costs are soaring because our health-care system is totally screwed up. Doctors and hospitals have every incentive to spend on unnecessary tests, drugs, and procedures.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|I am sorry, Miss Grey, you should think it necessary to interfere with Master Bloomfield's amusements; he was very much distressed about you destroying the birds.''When Master Bloomfield's amusements consist in injuring sentient creatures,' I answered, 'I think it my duty to interfere.''You seemed to have forgotten,' said she, calmly, 'that the creatures were all created for our convenience.'I thought that doctrine admitted some doubt, but merely replied - 'If they were, we have no right to torment them for our amusement.
Alex Garland|Maybe to have a memory you need time for reflection, however brief, just to let the memory find a place to settle.
Alfred Russel Wallace|All mankind lives in a state of terrible ignorance. In the opinion of food addicts, the consumption of cooked food is something quite natural, while nourishment by the laws of nature is an experiment, and a dangerous experiment at that.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
Mike Tyson|The ballplayer who loses his head, who can't keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Love is so wonderful and free to give, and it’s the one thing they can’t make you pay taxes on.
Jellis Vaes|You either live to become an anchor of inspiration for those around you, or you live to become an anchor for a lesson for them. Whatever you become, it is entirely up to you to decide.
Erich Fromm|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Run your own race of life, with a single minded vision of purpose.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Do you know your Bible?''Uh, not very well.''It merits study, it contains very practical advice for most emergencies.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|I am two fools, I know,For loving, and for saying so.
Leslie Ann Moore, A Tangle of Fates|Revolution is the accession of the peoples, and, at the bottom, the People is Man.
Elizabeth Gillies|It used to take me forever to read and comprehend stuff, so I decided not to make the 'Captain Underpants' books too challenging. Don't get me wrong - the humor and ideas are often sophisticated - but the books aren't hard to read. I wanted kids who hate reading to find these books irresistible.
Michelle Franklin|We come by aurora,with a heavy and sovereign tread,with the might of matriarchs to furnish our shoulders,with the apricity of light to crown our heads
Fakeer Ishavardas|So, am I too, like all other humans, just a rogue? Sure! Just a notch less than those rascals wearing godly robes.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is (worldly) selfish interest, there is no unity. Unity is attained with the ultimate intent of the Self [the intent of attaining self-realization, liberation].
Burt Bacharach|I have notes in my bathroom, yellow notes, and I stick 'em on the mirror, things that happened that were uplifting boosters for me. Notes that say, "Today is special, make today count." And then I have one note on the mirror in the middle that says, "Look at the other notes.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|For [erotically intelligent couples], love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning. They know that they have years in which to deepen their connection, to experiment, to regress, and even to fail. They see their relationship as something alive and ongoing, not a fait accompli. It’s a story that they are writing together, one with many chapters, and neither partner knows how it will end. There’s always a place they haven’t gone yet, always something about the other still to be discovered.
Jandy Nelson|[Lennie meets Joe - he works out that she was named after John Lennon]I nod. "Mom was a hippie." This is northern Northern California after all - the final frontier of freakerdom. Just in the eleventh grade we have a girl named Electricity, a guy named Magic Bus, and countless flowers: Tulip, Begonia, and Poppy - all parent-given-on-the-birth-certificate names. Tulip is a two-ton bruiser of a guy who would be the star of out football team if we were the kind of school that has optional morning meditation in the gym
William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist|Society has made it that, is very hard to accept the evil within us but truth be told no matter how good an individual is there is always that lingering feeling to commit one sort of evil or the other.
Carolina De Robertis, Perla|We're like little kids. We are little kids, but don't tell us that—we're having a fantastic time. We have our little house, and live our little life. We are the perfect young husband and wife. We have nonstop dinner parties—the glorious food, the fabulous friends, the gallons of wine. I sometimes feel as if I've raced off a cliff and am spinning my legs in midair, like Wile E. Coyote. But I'm fine. It's fine. It's all going to be fine. Crazy people don't have dinner parties, do they? No.
Anant Agarwal|The challenge to people like me is, how do you use your capabilities and resources to help support things that are important to you, whether it's the arts or education or homelessness?
Colleen Hoover, Confess|I'll love you even when I can't""I'll love you even when I shouldn't
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I was a swan, but ripped apart and taped haphazardly back together again.
John Updike|If you're following your dreams, you're doing something you love and that you believe in yourself for.
David Markson, Wittgenstein's Mistress|Once, somebody asked Robert Schumann to explain the meaning of a certain piece of music he had just played on the piano. What Robert Schumann did was sit back down at the piano and play the piece of music again.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you feel low self-confidence, it is usually the result of the negative thoughts your inner critic whispers in the darkness of your mind.
Lesley  Jones|You know, if we’re speaking on a cosmic level, you’re never in a better place than you are in the current moment.
Robert J. Sawyer, Calculating God|That's why the firm foundation of every land must be morality untarnished which, if destroyed, Rome will fall and founder.
Natalie   Perry|The truth is, I have gay dads and I’m not damaged. I grew up with an incredible and loving family that always provided for me when I was younger and has continued to guide and support me as I’ve grown older.
Winston S. Churchill|Theirs not to reason why, Theirs but to do and die
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Gracious words refresh, restore and revive the soul.
Kami Garcia|Don’t try to lie to your heart because one day, it’ll eat you up - Marina
John Green|Her underwear, her jeans, the comforter, my corduroys and my boxers between us, I thought. Five layers, and yet I felt it, the nervous warmth of touching – a pale reflection of the fireworks of one mouth on another, but a reflection nonetheless. And in the almostness of the moment, I cared at least enough. I wasn’t sure whether I liked her, and doubted whether I could trust her, but I cared at least enough to try to find out. Her on my bed, wide green eyes staring down at me. The enduring mystery of her sly, almost smirking, smile. Five layers between us.
Aaron Levie|Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.
Belle Blackburn, The Doctor's Daughter: Journey to Justice|You go and do what you need to do, June," she says to me. "You go and find what you need. Your supper will be here, when you need it. Your supper will be warm. No matter where I am, that will be your home," she says.And I can't believe it, watching her. That look on her face. It is all the love that I didn't have growing up, making a face.
Washington Irving|Feminism is a socialist, anti-family, political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
Sanjo Jendayi|I came up with a pen and tablet hoping to write an immortal short story, but I've been having a dreadful time with my heroine— I CAN'T make her behave as I want her to behave; so I've abandoned her for the moment, and am writing to you.
Hugh Jackman|I get no respect. The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Dill was in hearty agreement with this plan of action. Dill was becoming something of a trail anyways, following Jem about... He only grew closer to Jem. (Lee 55)
Kevin Hines|What I failed to see was that, by ending my life, I would cause interminable pain to my family and friends. I could not understand the heartbreak it would cause those around me. Nor did I consider that my brother, Joseph, might live the rest of his life in continual rage, or that my sister, Libby, might shut herself off from the world and fall into perpetual depression, silence, and sadness mistakenly blaming themselves for my death as many family members do when they lose someone they love to suicide. I certainly held no understanding of the enormous pain my mother and father would suffer because they lost their oldest son in such a terrifying and devastating way. They would not have a chance to watch me mature, marry, and perhaps have children. Instead, all of their hopes, aspirations, and dreams for me would be destroyed with my decision to end my life by jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge.
Kiara Delaney|The club was only dimly lit aside from the flashing strobes and rotating beams casting their vibrant glow over the pulsing, writhing crowd. The heat of the club was a stark contrast to the chill of the air outside, and she pulled slightly at the sweater, cursing her modesty for quite possibly the first time.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|What fabrications they are, mothers. Scarecrows, wax dolls for us to stick pins into, crude diagrams. We deny them an existence of their own, we make them up to suit ourselves -- our own hungers, our own wishes, our own deficiencies.
Dean Martin|I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|All right,” she said a little sarcastically. “I was going to assume you liked eating babies and sacrificing virgins, but I might as well ask, what do you do for fun?”“I languish in sin,” I replied in the same tone. “I take my babies rare, and my virgins over easy.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|You can always tell when a woman is with the wrong man, because she has so much to say about the fact that nothing's happening.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|If only I had met Molly sooner, when it was still possible to choose one road rather than another. Before that bitch Musyne and that little turd Lola crimped my enthusiasm. But it was too late to start being young again. I didn't believe in it anymore. We grow old so quickly and, what's more, irremediably. You can tell by the way you start loving your misery in spite of yourself. Nature is stronger than we are, no two ways about it. She tries us in one particular mold, and we're never able to throw it off. I had started out as the restless type. Little by little, without realizing it, you begin to take your role and fate seriously, and before you know it, it's too late to change. You're a hundred-percent restless, and it's set that way for good.
|To better understand people, don't just judge them based on how they treat you; rather, look deeply to see how they treat their families, friends and strangers. A lot of people tend to be extremely nice in the process of getting the things they want or need, but would show their true colors after they have succeeded with their agendas. So always bear in mind that a person who has a good heart loves being nice to their friends, family, partner and strangers.
Evelyn Lauder|For a good workout, I go to At One Fitness in North Hollywood, where my trainer, Jon Allsop, puts me through it all. I like it because it's a small gym and I've known the people for a long time. Jon will have me do cross-training where I'll lift weights, jump rope, throw around a medicine ball and I never get to stop.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I follow the course marked out by my principles and, what is more, enjoy a deep and noble pleasure in following it. You deeply despise the human race, at least our part of it; you think it not only fallen but incapable of ever rising again... For my part, as I feel neither the right nor the wish to entertain such opinions of my species and my country, I think it is not necessary to despair of them. In my opinion, human societies, like individuals, amount to something only in liberty...And God forbid that my mind should ever be crossed by the thought that it is necessary to despair of success... You will allow me to have less confidence in your teaching than in the goodness and justice of God.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|Sometimes you get everything you ever wanted, only it doesn't look like what you wanted anymore.
Graham Swift|And though, indeed, it only happened once, it’s gone on happening, the way unique and momentous things do, for ever and ever, as long as there’s a memory for them to happen in …
Ada Adams, ReAwakened|I reached for her through the darkness, but she was gone. Like dominoes folding over, the rest of the mirrors collapsed down on top of me. The impact caused the world around me to vanish.
Gary North, Honest Money: Biblical Principles of Money and Banking|Thirty years ago [written 2009], over-regulation, over-taxation, mis-regulation, statism, state corporatism, and economic folly, cosiness and regulatory capture, and a crescent ideological enemy without, who were assisted by enemies – both fifth columnists and useful fools – within, had led to a crisis of confidence in the West, and in all lands that – and amongst all peoples, particularly those who were oppressed in their own lands, who – loved and desired liberty. Of course, thirty years ago, Britain had Margaret Thatcher to turn to.
Kate Lord Brown, The Taste of Summer|There is a magic in distance. Look back at the golden lamp-lit rooms of your home from the road of your life, and it all for a moment is exactly how you hoped it would be: warm, peaceful, safe.
Åsne Seierstad|One theme that runs through many [job hunting books] is just plain harmful: the advice to "just be yourself." Wrong. Remember that first day on your first job, when you went to get your first cup of coffee? You found the coffee machine, and there, stuck on the wall behind it, was a handwritten sign re
Prince Fielder|Asking Siri where the nearest sushi bar is - that's not interesting. What's interesting is asking your phone where one of your friends have last had dinner in the neighborhood, or having it recommend a cool paella place in Barcelona because it knows you eat paella all the time at home.
David Blunkett|There are so many young women in film school right now, and it's just about foreign sales companies, domestic sales companies agreeing to finance films directed by and starring women.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|We stay busy so we don't have to admit we don't have all the answers. After long enough with our constant distractions, we end our search for them. And God. Soon enough, we'll all come to realize we can't be God. We'll settle for telling ourselves we can. Or we'll just make one up.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Daily meditation promotes self confidence, peace of mind and strong faith in God.
Mensah Oteh|You have the paintbrush in your hand, you can make the picture of your life brighter and bigger or duller and darker, it’s up to you.
Aimee Bender|You're like a half-tamed creature, still shy of the bridle. 'Except you enthrall me, never shall be free.' But freedom is an illusion, anyway.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Fat Charlie went back to his hotel room, the colour of underwater, where his lime sat, like a small green Buddha, on the countertop."You're no help," he told the lime. This was unfair. It was only a lime; there was nothing special about it at all. It was doing the best it could.
Shawn Lukas|When typography is on point, words become images.
Lorde|As soon as you say it about a record, you're like some little zombie in a funny dungeon.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|I don't know what he means by that, but I nod and smile at him. You'd be surprised at how far that response can get you in a conversation where you are completely confused.
George Washington|That's why, to experience that, you know for a fact that a human being is capable of so much more, because to go to that place and to step outside yourself and observe yourself do these things, while the rest of the world is moving in slow motion, is really incredible.
Friedrich Nietzsche|To the man of science, on his unassuming and laborious travels, which must often enough be journeys through the desert, there appear those glittering mirages called 'philosophical systems'; with bewitching deceptive power they show the solution of all enigmas and the freshest draught of the true water of life to be near at hand; his heart rejoices, and it seems to the weary traveller that his lips already touch the goal of all the perseverance and sorrows of the scientific life... Other natures again, may well grow exceedingly ill-humoured and curse the salty taste which these apparitions leave behind in the mouth and from which arises a raging thirst – without one having been brought so much as a step nearer to any kind of spring.
Mike Yaconelli|It is easy for Christians to have the false impression that once we have established a relationship with Christ, which we believe sets us right with God, the problems of life will somehow scoot away or they will slowly be removed from our lives.
Lisa Burstein, The Possibility of Us|I like difficult. I like a challenge. And as soon I realized you were the only person in the world for me, I had no choice but to keep chasing you until you agreed to be with me. Even if it took years. And given how stubborn you are, I’m surprised it didn’t take that long.
Saminu Kanti|You and I must work together to develop Nigeria to get education for our children, to have doctors, to build roads, to improve all the basic essentials.
Thomas S. Monson|Talk unbelief, and you will have unbelief; but talk faith, and you will have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest.
Noel Gallagher|I just worry about myself. I'm just gonna be me and do me. If people appreciate it, cool. If not, I'm gonna still be me.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|We can each sit and wait to die, from the very day of our births. Those of us who do not do so, choose to ask--and to answer--the two questions that define every conscious creature: What do I want? and What will I do to get it? Which are, finally, only one question: What is my will? Caine teaches us that the answer is always found within our own experience; our lives provide the structure of the question, and a properly phrased question contains its own answer
Alex Morritt, Impromptu Scribe|There is no reason why an individual, who has the misfortune to become insane, should, on that account, be deprived of any comfort or even luxury...
Stephen Curry|I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The moment you open yourself completely to the love that awaits your conscious embrace, you are no longer there to receive it.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|I know that's what people say-- you'll get over it. I'd say it, too. But I know it's not true. Oh, youll be happy again, never fear. But you won't forget. Every time you fall in love it will be because something in the man reminds you of him.
Nick Kroll|I always thought of myself as a moderate liberal, a fighter for peace and justice. I never thought of myself as being all that far out.
John Green, Paper Towns|I don't know how I look, but I know how I feel: Young. Goofy. Infinite.
Muhammad Iqbal|It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|I had written all I was going to write, if the truth had been known, and there is nothing wrong with that. If more writers knew that, the world would be saved a lot of bad books, and more people--men and women alike--could go on to happier, more productive lives.
Noah Hawley|They seem much rarer now, those auteur films that come out of a director's imagination and are elliptical and hermetic. All those films that got me into independent cinema when I was watching it seem thin on the ground.
Bertrand Russell|Hence, likewise, they will avoid the necessity of those overgrown military establishments, which, under any form of government, are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as particularly hostile to Republican Liberty. In this sense it is, that your Union ought to be considered as a main prop of your liberty, and that the love of the one ought to endear to you the preservation of the other.
Chris Geiger, Bad Cells|All journeys eventually end in the same place, home.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|She's fire. But she won't burn you... she knows all too well, how it feel to live with ashes.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|Every fundamental order is a spatial order. One speaks of the constitution of a country or a piece of earth as of its fundamental order, its Nomos. Now, the true, actual fundamental order touches in its essential core upon particular spatial boundaries and separations, upon particular quantities and a particular partition of the earth. At the beginning of every great epoch there stands a great land-appropriation. In particular, every significant alteration and every resituating of the image of the earth is bound up with world-political alterations and with a new division of the earth, with a new land-appropriation.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|It seems too simplistic that just repeating a persuasive message should increase its effect, but that’s exactly what psychological research finds (again and again). Repetition is one of the easiest and most widespread methods of persuasion. In fact it’s so obvious that we sometimes forget how powerful it is.
Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster|It's hard to pretend you're OK. Especially when you're all by urself, alone. :'(
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|I keep on dreaming, but to find freedom, one must first search inwards.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|Giving her a slight smile, he whispered, "I'm putting my hand to your cheek right now."	The stubborn strength that had kept her knees locked threatened to give way. Closing her eyes, she whispered back, "I'm putting my arms around you, and leaning my head on your shoulder."	"And I'm stroking your hair, and kissing you." He took a deep breath. "And I am always, always going to hold on to you with all of my strength. Always, Pia.
Ace Antonio Hall|Take a child & teach him physics his first 7 grades of education, I submit he'd excel to a savant-like level. Imagine adult focus for 7 yrs.
China Miéville, Perdido Street Station|Art is something you choose to make... it's a bringing together of... of everything around you into something that makes you more human, more khepri, whatever. More of a person.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|It's wonderful to know that the power to define who I am rests solely with me. If I decide I am an artist, or a poet, a teacher or a writer then I AM.
Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns|Listen, in dreams and especially in nightmares, from indigestion or anything, a man sees sometimes such artistic visions, such complex and real actuality, such events, even a whole world of events, woven into such a plot, with such unexpected details from the most exalted matters to the last button on a cuff, as I swear Leo Tolstoy has never invented.
John O'Sullivan|U.S. Presedent Barack Sadam Husene Obame sit in the darkened Oval Ofice at 2 a.m. wearing hes traditienel Kenyan roabe.He take one last bite of the Chicago style deep dish pizza that he has flown to him every day on the Amerecan tax payer's dime and wipe the grease off his mouth with the U.S. consititutien.He get up and walk to desk, where he keeps the Kenyan black magic crystle ball. Its black glow iluminate his face."Eeny, meeny, miney, mo — which basic U.S. freedoms are next to go?" he say aloud to no one and every one at the same time.Then he flash that trade mark Bary Obame million doller grin as a crack of lightning sound in the distence.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|Extend your "best before" date by living a youthful life.
Wiz Khalifa|Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.
Sabrina Jeffries, Fantasy|States were barred from financing their immigration systems with specific taxes on immigrants and transportation companies, leaving the continued existence of these state institutions to the general state fisc or the generosity of private charitable organizations interested in immigrant welfare and integration. The resource strain on states and charitable organizations placed enormous pressure on Congress to enact federal law.
Nasir|No One is Unlucky in this World"! ..!!! "But Ups and Downs created by ourselves".
Steven Magee|Sam Temple was taken by helicopter to a hospital in Los Angeles, where there were specialists there in burn injuries. He wasn’t consulted: he was found on his knees, obviously in shock, extensively burned. EMTs took over.Astrid Ellison was taken to a hospital in Santa Barbara, as was Diana Ladris.Other kids were shared out among half a dozen hospitals. Some specialized in plastic surgery, others in the effects of starvation.Over the next week all were seen by psychiatrists once their immediate physical injuries were addressed. Lots of psychiatrists. And when they weren’t being seen by psychiatrists, they were being seen by FBI agents, and California Highway Patrol investigators, and lawyers from the district attorney’s office.The consensus seemed to be that a number of the Perdido survivors, as they were now known, would be prosecuted for crimes ranging from simple assault to murder.First on that list was Sam Temple.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|If one is forever cautious, can one remain a human being?
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|You're worth it. You are absolutely, unbelievably worth it and you were made for mighty things. Keep pushing on. Keep pressing. Don't let anyone in this wide, wide world ever try to snuff out the light you bring. You have to know it matters. The world is going to try to convince you otherwise but don't listen. Please. Don't. Listen. You are a marvel. It matters that you are here.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Of course. I died today, and now I'm going to fight aliens with a light saber. Maybe after that we can look for mermaids. Or unicorns.""No," he says. "Just aliens."Was that the barest hint of humour in his tone?
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Learn to see things as they really are, not as we imagine they are.
Vonda Sinclair, My Daring Highlander|You tempt me beyond reason." Her heart sped up. Indeed he tempted her beyond reason too.
Vanessa Hogg|In the end, perfection is just a concept - an impossibility we use to torture ourselves and that contradicts nature.
David W. Earle|When you're ashamed of their action, to ask them the reason of their actions can make you a fool.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|...and it is generally understood that a party hardly ever goes the way it is planned or intended. This last, of course, excludes, those dismal slave parties, whipped and controlled and dominated, given by an ogreish professional hostess. These are not parties at all but acts and demonstrations, about as spontaneous as peristalsis and as interesting as it's end product.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|Toxic' was actually an accurate description of the feelings Clementine had so often felt in Erika's presence: the intense aggravation she had to work so hard to resist and conceal, the disappointment with herself, because Erika wasn't evil or cruel or stupid, she was simply annoying, and Clementine's response to her annoyingness was so completely disporportionate, it embarassed and confounded her. Erika loved Clementine. She'd do anything for her. So why did she inflame Clementine so? It was like she was allergic to her.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|What is the nature of life?Life is lines of dominoes falling.One thing leads to another, and then another, just like you'd planned. But suddenly a Domino gets skewed, events change direction, people dig in their heels, and you're faced with a situation that you didn't see coming, you who thought you were so clever.
Louisa May Alcott|I call Alibaba '1,001 mistakes.' We expanded too fast, and then in the dot-com bubble, we had to have layoffs. By 2002, we had only enough cash to survive for 18 months. We had a lot of free members using our site, and we didn't know how we'd make money. So we developed a product for China exporters to meet U.S. buyers online. This model saved us.
Thomas Friedman|Like Indiana Jones, I don't like snakes - though that might lead some to ask why I'm in politics.
