Oscar Wilde, A House of Pomegranates|He is really not so ugly after all, provided, of course, that one shuts one's eyes, and does not look at him.
Vironika Tugaleva|I am happy not because I am without pain, but because I know I am not that pain.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible nowhere teaches that the church will ultimately convert the whole world to Jesus Christ. There has never been a generation in history, nor will there ever be generation, in which the majority of the people will believe in Christ.
Ellie Lieberman, Society's Foundlings|When I was younger, my mom loved to garden. But the flowers would never grow. She kept planting seeds even thought nothing would grow. She just kept trying.''I don't understand.''Because you can't.''What does this have to do with anything?'I don't fiddle with my fingers and there's no apology on the tip of my tongue when I say, 'I am my mother's son.
Elizabeth Gilbert|So tonight I reach for my journal again. This is the first time I’ve done this since I came to Italy. What I write in my journal is that I am weak and full of fear. I explain that Depression and Loneliness have shown up, and I’m scared they will never leave. I say that I don’t want to take the drugs anymore, but I’m frightened I will have to. I am terrified that I will never really pull my life together. 	In response, somewhere from within me, rises a now-familiar presence, offering me all the certainties I have always wished another person would say to me when I was troubled. This is what I find myself writing on the page:I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long. I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and Braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me. Tonight, this strange interior gesture of friendship—the lending of a hand fromme to myself when nobody else is around to offer solace—reminds me of something that happened to me once in New York City. I walked into an office building one afternoon in a hurry, dashed into the waiting elevator. As I rushed in, I caught an unexpected glance of myself in a security mirror’s reflection. In that moment, my brain did an odd thing—it fired off this split-second message: “Hey! You know her! That’s a friend of yours!” And I actually ran forward toward my own reflection with a smile, ready to welcome that girl whose name I had lost but whose face was so familiar. In a flash instant of course, I realized my mistake and laughed in embarrassment at my almost doglike confusion over how a mirror works. But for some reason that incident comes to mind again tonight during my sadness in Rome, and I find myself writing this comforting reminder at the bottom of the page. Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a FRIEND…	I fell asleep holding my notebook pressed against my chest, open to this most recent assurance. In the morning when I wake up, I can still smell a faint trace of depression’s lingering smoke, but he himself is nowhere to be seen. Somewhere during the night, he got up and left. And his buddy loneliness beat it, too.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|He came up straight to her father, whose hands he took and wrung without a word - holding them in his for a minute or two, during which time his face, his eyes, his look, told of more sympathy than could be put into words.
Dee Snider|I do not believe profanity has anything to do with Christianity, thank you.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I wanted to explain that I am constantly overestimating and underestimating the human race - that rarely do I even simply estimate it. I wanted to ask her how the same thing could be so ugly and so glorious, and its words and stories so damning and brilliant...I AM HAUNTED BY HUMANS.
Stonewall Jackson|War means fighting. The business of the soldier is to fight. Armies are not called out to dig trenches, to throw up breastworks, to live in camps, but to find the enemy and strike him; to invade his country, and do him all possible damage in the shortest possible time. This will involve great destruction of life and property while it lasts; but such a war will of necessity be of brief continuance, and so would be an economy of life and property in the end.
G.K. Chesterton, Five Types|In their vanity men focus on what they wish to hear and miss the hidden meaning, the lurking threat.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we truly love Christ, we will want to please and honor Him by the way we live. Even the thought of hurting Him or bringing disgrace to His name will be abhorrent to us.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|Any capitalist . . . who had made sixty thousand pounds out of sixpence, always professed to wonder why the sixty thousand nearest Hands didn't each make sixty thousand pounds out of sixpence, and more or less reproached them every one for not accomplishing the little feat. What I did you can do. Why don't you go and do it?
Nigel Jay Cooper, Beat the Rain|Memory is an artist, an impressionist. She adds colour, sound, smell and emotion to events at her whim. She adds, subtracts and embellishes until the event she started documenting is quite unrecognisable to the others who also experienced it, but at the same time, is more truthful to the owner of the memory. There is no reality. There are only impres- sions of past events, made by a million selves, all interacting with each other, vying for superiority. Reality doesn’t exist, perhaps in the end, that’s my only truth.
Julian Aguon, The Fire This Time: Essays on Life Under Us Occupation|At times, productivity means doing nothing at all.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|This was not as real as my despairing sense that nothing was real for me, nothing would ever be real for me again – unless, indeed, this sensation of falling was reality…
Nikki Sixx|I'm an artist, so I love the graphic design of Instagram.
Kate Ellison, Notes from Ghost Town|A person doesn't feel, then act; rather, he acts, then feels. Change actions to change feelings.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|Women are treated as unjustly in poetry as in life. The feminine ones are not idealistic, and the idealistic not feminine.
Will Poulter|The greatest thrill is that moment when a thousand people are sitting in the dark, looking at the same scene, and they are all apprehending something that has not been spoken. That's the thrill of it, the miracle - that's what holds us to movies forever. It's what we wish we could do in real life.
Dada Bhagwan|People lose their powers (siddhi) by nagging; therefore know ‘as it is’. Know all these relations as being worldly (laukik, of the non-Self), and do not believe them to be beyond-worldly relations (alaukik, of the Self). Discover that something whereby you experience peace amidst the puzzle. This discovery is indeed within you.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|He wants me to tell him about the front; he is curious in a way that I find stupid and distressing; I no longer have any real contact with him. There is nothing he likes more than just hearing about it. I realize he does not know that a man cannot talk of such things; I would do it willingly, but it is too dangerous for me to put these things into words. I am afraid they might then become gigantic and I be no longer able to master them. What would become of us if everything that happens out there were quite clear to us?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I’ve never seen such a hunger in people for spiritual things . . .People realize the past is gone, the future is uncertain, and the present seems to be hopeless. As a result, many [in Moscow] were open to God.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I have the soul of a white man, the soul of a black man, the soul of an Asian man; the soul of every man.
James Rozoff|The type of journalism that relies on the reporter's notion of what does or doesn't "seem" correct or controversial is self-indulgent and irresponsible. It gives credence to the belief that we can intuit our way through all the various decisions we need to make in our lives and it validates the notion that our feelings are a more reliable barometer of reality than the facts.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions|Being real doesn't mean being reckless, it means allowing La Voz Mitologica, The Mythological Voice, to speak. One does that by shutting off the ego for a while and letting that which wishes to speak, speak.
Christine Rice|But I know this. We're ready to move forward again in our way. Together or apart, no matter how far apart, we live in one another. We go on together.
Larry Crabb|He who has a generous eye will be blessed, for he gives of his bread to the poor (Proverbs 22:9).
R.M. Donaldson|Life is about showing up, so is writing. That’s why I sit at my desk every day and dance my fingers across the keyboard
Mehmet Murat ildan|Trust yourself, trust the road, trust the weather and trust your destination! This quarto-trust can create a miraculously successful journey!
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|What you do in this world is a matter of no consequence, the question is what you can make people believe that you have done.
Jade Whitfield|Gazelles are leaping, feeding on the mountains. Near are lakes. Round their shores file shadows black of cedargroves. Aroma rises, a strong hair growth of resin. It burns, the orient, a sky of sapphire, cleft by the bronze flight of eagles. Under it lies the womancity, nude, white, still, cool, in luxury. A fountain murmurs among damask roses. Mammoth roses murmur of scarlet wine grapes. A wine of shame, lust, blood exudes, strangely murmuring.
Frank E. Armstrong|Oh . . . I'd been getting pretty sick of the office. It made me feel dead inside. Finally, the week-ends weren't long enough to get it out of my system. I couldn't read poetry or listen to music. It was like being constipated. Well, I got a holiday and went to Kent for a week's hiking. And for the first two days I felt nothing at all, just a sort of deadness inside. And one day I went into a pub in a place called Marden and had a couple of pints. And as I came out, a sort of bubble seemed to burst inside me, and I started feeling things again. And I suddenly felt an overwhelming hatred for cities and offices and people and everything that calls itself civilisation . . . . "Then I got an idea. I sat down at the side of the road and thought about it. I'd read somewhere that the Manichees thought the world was created by evil. Well, it suddenly seemed to me that the forces behind the world weren't either good or evil, but something quite incomprehensible to human beings. And the only thing they want is movement, everlasting movement. That's the way I saw it suddenly. Human beings want peace, and they build their civilisations and make their laws to get peace. But the forces behind the world don't want peace. So they send down ertain men whose business is to keep the world in a turmoil - the Napoleons, Hitlers, Genghis Khans. And I called these men the Enemies, with a capital E. And I thought I belong among the Enemies - that's why I detest this bloody civilisation. And I suddenly began to feel better . . . .
Robert Scoble|I have been fully involved in designing my stage shows; it's important to me to do something really unique and almost off-the-wall to bring the music and the visuals together. I love design and actually went to school for a bit for graphic design, so it isn't so much 'pressure' for me; it's a way to be creative, and I really enjoy it.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|It’s a funny thing, one day you’re living and the next day you’re not sometimes, whether you have plans or not. Wishes and wants get trumped by the reaper every time. I don’t even know if I would want a warning if it was my time. I think I’d rather be surprised.
Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness|If you want to make progress, put up with being perceived as ignorant or naive in worldly matters, don't aspire to a reputation for sagacity. If you do impress others as somebody, don't altogether believe it. You have to realize, it isn't easy to keep your will in agreement with nature, as well as externals. Caring about the one inevitably means you are going to shortchange the other.
Steve Vernon|My first jailbreak began when a coarse-toothed mechanic’s file crashed through the window of the Deeper Harbour PoliceStation at two in the morning. The file bounced three or four times before clattering to a halt among a scatter of shattered glass. The file spun a little and came to rest, like a compass needle pointing somewhere far off the edge of the map. Looking back from right here and right now I believe I would like to start this story right then—three days after I had just turned fourteen—spending my birthday in jail. - SINKING DEEPER
Anonymous|You can never let your compassion stand in the way of justice because when you do, other people get hurt.
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|Rather than assuming weakness or defectiveness, we should acknowledge that getting through depression requires considerable strength. Rather than assuming permanent debility, we should recognize that some depressions are followed by thriving.
William Shakespeare, King Henry VI, Part 3|If Shakespeare had never existed, he asked, would the world have differed much from what it is today? Does the progress of civilization depend upon great men? Is the lot of the average human being better now that in the time of the Pharaohs?
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Windy Poplars|I look up upon a sparsely starred abyssHaving wandered to this street cornerIn the middle of the nightWatching the cars and people go byWonderingIf this deep, black nothingnessIs the sum total of being human.
Lisa Kleypas, Because You're Mine|Rest,” Logan said. “Both of you.” His caressing gaze moved over his wife and infant daughter.“I'll watch over you.”“Love me?” Madeline asked with a faint smile, and yawned again.“It used to be love.” He brushed his lips over her closed eyelids. “Now there's no word for it.”“You once told me that you thought love was a weakness.”“I was wrong,” he whispered, kissing the corners of her mouth. “I've discovered it's my onlystrength.”Madeline fell asleep with a smile still on her lips, her hand curled around his.
J. Paul Getty|Money is my military, each dollar a soldier. I never send my money into battle unprepared and undefended. I send it to conquer and take currency prisoner and bring it back to me.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|We always know which is the best road to follow, but we follow only the road that we have become accustomed to.
Shiv Kumar Batalvi, Shiv Kumar Samuchi Kavita|A poetess is a collection of unfinished thoughts. She is a tormented phantom, a harbinger of life and death. Those who peer deep inside her catacombs will learn that even madness is a virtue.
R.C. Sproul|At the fall, we became alienated not only from God and other people but also from ourselves.
Lisa Ko, The Leavers|Never had there been a time when sound, color, and feeling hadn’t been intertwined, when a dirty, rolling bass line hadn’t induced violets that suffused him with thick contentment, when the shades of certain chords sliding up to one another hadn’t produced dusty pastels that made him feel like he was cupping a tiny, golden bird. It wasn’t just music but also rumbling trains and rainstorms, occasional voices, a collective din. Colors and textures appeared in front of him, bouncing in time to the rhythm, or he’d get a flash of color in his mind, an automatic sensation of a tone, innate as breathing.
Dr. Seuss|You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
Christofer Emgard|Every morning, the rising sun invites and inspires us to begin again.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|The jogger sighed. He pulled out his phone and my eyes got big, because it glowed with a bluish light. When he extended the antenna, two creatures began writhing around it-green snakes, no bigger than earthworms.The jogger didn't seem to notice. He checked his LCD display and cursed. "I've got to take this. Just a sec ..." Then into the phone: "Hello?" He listened. The mini-snakes writhed up and down the antenna right next to his ear.Yeah," the jogger said. "Listen-I know, but... I don't care if he is chained to a rock with vultures pecking at his liver, if he doesn't have a tracking number, we can't locate his package....A gift to humankind, great... You know how many of those we deliver-Oh, never mind. Listen, just refer him to Eris in customer service. I gotta go.
Carnie Wilson|When you look good, you feel good. Confidence with what you're wearing is very important. If you feel good, you will always perform your best without worrying about anything.
Bryant H. McGill|A mere forty years ago, beach volleyball was just beginning. No bureaucrat would have invented it, and that's what freedom is all about.
Stefan Molyneux|Because the state uses violence to achieve its ends, and there is no rational end to the use of violence, states grow until they destroy civilized interactions through the corruption of money, contracts, honesty, family and self-reliance.No state in history has ever been contained.It’s only taken a little more than a century for the US – founded on the idea of limited government, to break the bonds of the constitution, institute the income tax, take control of the money supply and the educational system and begin its catastrophic expansion.
Agatha Christie, Destination Unknown|Mrs. Baker's social manner was almost robotlike in its perfection. All her comments and remarks were natural, normal, everyday currency, but one had a suspicion that the whole thing was like an actor playing a part for perhaps the seven hundredth time. It was an automatic performance, completely divorced from what Mrs. Baker might really have been thinking or feeling.
Sister Souljah|Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|Unlike mere action, prayer is not subject to immediate evaluation or verification. If we are addicted to "results" we will quickly lose interest in prayer.
Salman Rushdie|It's amazing if you just listen to people. They tell you all the time things that you can do for them, without even realizing what they're doing. I've learned to take notice of those things and if it's something that I feel God wants me to do, then I try to do that to add joy to their life.
Sunday Adelaja|Do good deeds and serve people, because nobody is too unimportant not to be served by you.
Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now|I journaled: "Why do I feel like crap after being offered a book deal by one of the best publishers on the planet?" The answer that I came up with surprised me. I knew there were people who would have done anything to get their work out into the world this way. i knew there were people who had worked their butts off and still hadn't made it. I knew there were people who had amazing, life-changing things to say who didn't have the platforms to say it yet. I knew there were people who would have been doing cartwheels in the street if they were me right now. And I felt like because they wanted it more, they should have it instead of me.
David Sedaris, Barrel Fever: Stories and Essays|He felt the full warmth of that pleasure from which the proud shut themselves out; the pleasure which not only goes with humiliation, but which almost is humiliation. Men who have escaped death by a hair have it, and men whose love is returned by a woman unexpectedly, and men whose sins are forgiven them. Everything his eye fell on it feasted on, not aesthetically, but with a plain, jolly appetite as of a boy eating buns. He relished the squareness of the houses; he liked their clean angles as if he had just cut them with a knife. The lit squares of the shop windows excited him as the young are excited by the lit stage of some promising pantomime. He happened to see in one shop which projected with a bulging bravery on to the pavement some square tins of potted meat, and it seemed like a hint of a hundred hilarious high teas in a hundred streets of the world. He was, perhaps, the happiest of all the children of men. For in that unendurable instant when he hung, half slipping, to the ball of St. Paul's, the whole universe had been destroyed and re-created.
Joseph Telushkin, Jewish Wisdom|Rabbi Hiyya advised his wife, “When a poor man comes to the door, be quick to give him food so that the same may be done to your children.” She exclaimed, “You are cursing our children [with the suggestion that they may become beggars].” But Rabbi Hiyya replied, “There is a wheel which revolves in this world.” —Babylonian Talmud, Shabbat 151b
Homer|It was the sibling thing, I suppose. I was fascinated by the intricate tangle of love and duty and resentment that tied them together. The glances they exchanged; the complicated balance of power established over decades; the games I would never play with rules I would never fully understand. And perhaps that was key: they were such a natural group that they made me feel remarkably singular by comparison. To watch them together was to know strongly, painfully, all that I'd been missing.
Alan Hirsch, The Forgotten Ways: Reactivating the Missional Church|the Twelve Apostles are the most evident sign of Jesus' will regarding the existence and mission of his Church, the guarantee that between Christ and the Church there is no opposition: despite the sins of the people who make up the Church, they are inseparable. Therefore, a slogan that was popular some years back, 'Jesus yes, Church no,' is totally inconceivable with the intention of Christ. This individualistically chosen Jesus is an imaginary Jesus.
Mike Carey, The Unwritten, Vol. 1: Tommy Taylor and the Bogus Identity|Fear is a serviceable tool, I suppose. Like the stalls in a battery farm. If you want to keep people from their collective strength, make them too afraid of each other to ever meet or talk.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|These robots are literally inhuman, and yet I react no differently to their stumblings and topplings than I would to the pratfalls of a fellow human. I don’t imagine I would laugh at the spectacle of a toaster falling out of an SUV, or a semiautomatic rifle pitching over sideways from an upright position, but there is something about these machines, their human form, with which it is possible to identify sufficiently to make their falling deeply, horribly funny.
Christina Hoff Sommers|We are turning against boys and forgetting a simple truth: that the energy, competitiveness, and corporal daring of normal, decent males is responsible for much of what is right in the world.
Jennifer Finney Boylan, Long Black Veil|It's funny how you can know a person, think of him as your closest friend, and still never gain access to the secret chambers in his heart.
Joel Julian, Blade Spinner|Such kings can destroy a world, just as easily as they can build one.
Santonu Kumar Dhar, Life of Love|I know you would be watching over me all through this journey called life... whenever I look next to me, I feel like you arehere... and a part of you is within me in the form of this child... Love is like the wind... you may not see it... especially in the absence of the other... but you always feel it around...
David Harvey, A Companion to Marx's Capital|This is what the bourgeois political economists have done: they have treated value as a fact of nature, not a social construction arising out of a particular mode of production. What Marx is interested in is a revolutionary transformation of society, and that means an overthrow of the capitalist value-form, the construction of an alternative value-structure, an alternative value-system that does not have the specific character of that achieved under capitalism. I cannot overemphasize this point, because the value theory in Marx is frequently interpreted as a universal norm with which we should comply. I have lost count of the number of times I have heard people complain that the problem with Marx is that he believes the only valid notion of value derives from labor inputs. It is not that at all; it is a historical social product. The problem, therefore, for socialist, communist, revolutionary, anarchist or whatever, is to find an alternative value-form that will work in terms of the social reproduction of society in a different image. By introducing the concept of fetishism, Marx shows how the naturalized value of classical political economy dictates a norm; we foreclose on revolutionary possibilities if we blindly follow that norm and replicate commodity fetishism. Our task is to question it.
Robert C. Tucker, The Marx-Engels Reader|Hegel represents history as the self-realization of spirit (Geist) or God. The fundamental scheme of his theory is as follows. Spirit is self-creative energy imbued with a drive to become fully conscious of itself as spirit. Nature is spirit in its self-objectification in space; history is spirit in its self-objectification as culture—the succession of world-dominant civilizations from the ancient Orient to modern Europe. Spirit actualizes its nature as self-conscious being by the process of knowing. Through the mind of man, philosophical man in particular, the world achieves consciousness of itself as spirit. This process involves the repeated overcoming of spirit's alienation (Entfremdung) from itself, which takes place when spirit as the knowing mind confronts a world that appears, albeit falsely, as objective, i.e. as other than spirit. Knowing is recognition, whereby spirit destroys the illusory otherness of the objective world and recognizes it as actually subjective or selbstisch. The process terminates at the stage of "absolute knowledge," when spirit is finally and fully "at home with itself in its otherness," having recognized the whole of creation as spirit—Hegelianism itself being the scientific form of this ultimate self-knowledge on spirit's part.
Elbert Hubbard|Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, those ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|All of us suffer in life, but the ones who bring the suffering find the greatest pain. The wounds we inflict upon others are the most painful for us.
Ned Beauman, The Teleportation Accident|So intense was his sexual frustration that it had begun to feel like a life-threatening illness: testicular gout, libidinal gangrene.
R.A. Salvatore, The Orc King|Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions, their reasons are always different.
Sarah Rayner, One Moment, One Morning|What Karen wants to do - needs to do - is cry, but she can't. Here, alone, when she could howl, beat the sofa cushions, scream; now, somehow, she is unable. It's for fear that if she gives in to it, she'll lose all sense of who she is. She is afraid that if she falls apart in private, then she'll fall apart completely. That if she crumbles, like a house in an earthquake, she will disappear down some deep, dark crevasse, and never be able to pull herself out and put herself back together again.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Water, water, everywhere,And all the boards did shrink;Water, water, everywhere,Nor any drop to drink.
Cat Sebastian, The Soldier's Scoundrel|science says that nobody is ever made happy by getting a promotion, winning the lottery or even finding true love. People are made happy by one thing and one thing only - pleasant sensations in their bodies
Venus Williams|I feel if you believe in equality, you have to believe in it for everybody. And that's the way I've always lived my life.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|You think man can destroy the planet? What intoxicating vanity. Let me tell you about our planet. Earth is four-and-a-half-billion-years-old. There's been life on it for nearly that long, 3.8 billion years. Bacteria first; later the first multicellular life, then the first complex creatures in the sea, on the land. Then finally the great sweeping ages of animals, the amphibians, the dinosaurs, at last the mammals, each one enduring millions on millions of years, great dynasties of creatures rising, flourishing, dying away -- all this against a background of continuous and violent upheaval. Mountain ranges thrust up, eroded away, cometary impacts, volcano eruptions, oceans rising and falling, whole continents moving, an endless, constant, violent change, colliding, buckling to make mountains over millions of years. Earth has survived everything in its time. It will certainly survive us. If all the nuclear weapons in the world went off at once and all the plants, all the animals died and the earth was sizzling hot for a hundred thousand years, life would survive, somewhere: under the soil, frozen in Arctic ice. Sooner or later, when the planet was no longer inhospitable, life would spread again. The evolutionary process would begin again. It might take a few billion years for life to regain its present variety. Of course, it would be very different from what it is now, but the earth would survive our folly, only we would not. If the ozone layer gets thinner, ultraviolet radiation sears the earth, so what? Ultraviolet radiation is good for life. It's powerful energy. It promotes mutation, change. Many forms of life will thrive with more UV radiation. Many others will die out. Do you think this is the first time that's happened? Think about oxygen. Necessary for life now, but oxygen is actually a metabolic poison, a corrosive glass, like fluorine. When oxygen was first produced as a waste product by certain plant cells some three billion years ago, it created a crisis for all other life on earth. Those plants were polluting the environment, exhaling a lethal gas. Earth eventually had an atmosphere incompatible with life. Nevertheless, life on earth took care of itself. In the thinking of the human being a hundred years is a long time. A hundred years ago we didn't have cars, airplanes, computers or vaccines. It was a whole different world, but to the earth, a hundred years is nothing. A million years is nothing. This planet lives and breathes on a much vaster scale. We can't imagine its slow and powerful rhythms, and we haven't got the humility to try. We've been residents here for the blink of an eye. If we're gone tomorrow, the earth will not miss us.
Isaac Newton, Opticks|How came the bodies of animals to be contrived with so much art, and for what ends were their several parts?Was the eye contrived without skill in Opticks, and the ear without knowledge of sounds?...and these things being rightly dispatch’d, does it not appear from phænomena that there is a Being incorporeal, living, intelligent...?
Julia Stuart|Despite her unrepentant aversion to Italian food, which her husband put down to her nation's historic distrust of Italy, she suddenly declared: "All I want in life is to be able to get a take-away pizza!
Monica Wood|If you keep an active life, you stay young.
Carrie Vaughn, Kitty Takes a Holiday|You're lucky to have a friend who will kill for you."So. I once had a friend who died for me, and now one who killed for me. Why didn't I feel lucky?
Stephen Fry, The Ode Less Travelled: Unlocking the Poet Within|The English language is like London: proudly barbaric yet deeply civilised, too, common yet royal, vulgar yet processional, sacred yet profane. Each sentence we produce, whether we know it or not, is a mongrel mouthful of Chaucerian, Shakespearean, Miltonic, Johnsonian, Dickensian and American. Military, naval, legal, corporate, criminal, jazz, rap and ghetto discourses are mingled at every turn. The French language, like Paris, has attempted, through its Academy, to retain its purity, to fight the advancing tides of Franglais and international prefabrication. English, by comparison, is a shameless whore.
Joseph Joubert, The Notebooks of Joseph Joubert|Few minds are spacious; few even have an empty place in them or can offer some vacant point. Almost all have narrow capacities and are filled by some knowledge that blocks them up. What a torture to talk to filled heads, that allow nothing from the outside to enter them! A good mind, in order to enjoy itself and allow itself to enjoy others, always keeps itself larger than its own thoughts. And in order to do this, these thoughts must be given a pliant form, must be easily folded and unfolded, so that they are capable, finally, of maintaining a natural flexibility.All those short-sighted minds see clearly within their little ideas and see nothing in those of others; they are like those bad eyes that see from close range what is obscure and cannot perceive what is clear from afar. Night minds, minds of darkness.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning is bright, beautiful, and gorgeous like the sun, but we can't see it because we are blinded by day to day tasks.
Billy Marshall Stoneking, Sixteen Words For Water|My dear woman, our greatest problem is that almost everything is a goddamned code. We do not know what is real any more. Every gesture is symbolic. A man cannot shit short of some pundit finding hidden meaning in it. Even having children is a metaphor. Hence, we cannot trust ourselves; and, therefore, we do not trust anybody. No my dear, I do not believe in codes, and even if I did I certainly would not use one in my sleep! (from the play, Sixteen Words For Water)
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|Ao sairmos para o anoitecer dourado das ruas bizantinas, refleti como era estranho que, mesmo sob as circunstâncias mais extraordinárias, durante episódios mais perturbadores da vida, nos lugares mais distantes de casa e de tudo que nos é familiar, possam existir esses momentos de incontestável alegria.
Indeewara Jayawardane|Along in LifeAs you will goRemember the TimesWhen you must say "NO!
Deepti Menon, Chronicles of Urban Nomads|I’m awake and I can’t sleep. The more I’m awake, the more I see, and the harder to sleep.
Will Durant|And let me tell you, you boys of America, that there is no higher inspiration to any man to be a good man, a good citizen, and a good son, brother, or father, than the knowledge that you come from honest blood.
Rainer Maria Rilke|There are mystical, unbreakable bonds between all members of the natural world including humans and animals. Whether or not we remember or acknowledge this relatedness, it still exists.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|certain details, somewhat curtailed, live in my memory. But I don't see anything anymore: I can search the past in vain, I can only find these scraps of images and I am not sure what they represent, whether they are memories or just fiction.
Anthony Liccione|Therapy to life: Eat with the wise, and drink with the fools!
Karen Russell, Swamplandia!|As a kid I heard the word malignancy as "Malig-Nancy" like an evil woman's name, no matter how many times Kiwi and the Chief and Dr. Gautman himself corrected me. Our mother had mistaken her first symptoms for a pregnancy, and so I still pictured the Malig-Nancy as a baby, a tiny, eyeless fist of a sister, killing her.
Lucy Maud Montgomery|When I see a bird that walks like a duck and swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, I call that bird a duck.
J.J. Howard|Twists, turns, virgins and bad boys. I love a good YA read. Do you?
Bill Gates|I try to do the right thing with money. Save a dollar here and there, clip some coupons. Buy ten gold chains instead of 20. Four summer homes instead of eight.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I’ve made many mistakes, but I’ve learned from them.
Annie Besant|Back in the Seventies, we had a romantic, poetic vision of the future, like it was in the movie '2001: A Space Odyssey.' It felt as if everything was still ahead of us.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I wish to Heaven I was married," she said resentfully as she attacked the yams with loathing. "I'm tired of everlastingly being unnatural and never doing anything I want to do. I'm tired of acting like I don't eat more than a bird, and walking when I want to run and saying I feel faint after a waltz, when I could dance for two days and never get tired. I'm tired of saying, 'How wonderful you are!' to fool men who haven't got one-half the sense I've got, and I'm tired of pretending I don't know anything, so men can tell me things and feel important while they're doing it... I can't eat another bite.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Remember your name. Remember that you and I are brothers, are the children of trans-Atlantic rape. Remember the broader consciousness that comes with that. Remember that this consciousness can never ultimately be racial; it must be cosmic
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|She may have been the one whose name meant music, but his sounded like it. Saying it made her want to sing it, to lean out a window and call him home. To whisper it in the dark.
Mario Batali|I hope that when I'm 80 years old, people will still be talking about my wedding.
Robert Crumb|The primary goal of management education was, as originally conceived, to impart knowledge that could be applied to a variety of real-world business situations.
Alinani joe|The kingdom is often limited to the hearts of the regenerate, heaven, or the eternal state. This virtually denies that the messianic kingdom has anything to do with this present earth. In contrast to this tendency, Scripture makes it abundantly clear that this earth, although not the source of the kingdom, is a part of the kingdom. Christ's messianic authority and reign extend over all of heaven and earth (Matt. 28:18), and He is in the process of subduing all of His enemies, whether in heaven or on earth (1 Cor. 15:25).
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|I live, love and loathe my characters. They stole my mind. They stole my heart.
Thomas A. Edison|The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pray for wisdom to deal with whatever is worrying you. Pray that God will act to change the circumstances according to His will. He doesn’t always do what we want Him to—but He knows what’s best for us, and He can be trusted.
Roger Stone|A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one.
George Orwell|it does not count a day if you do not learn something new from it ,its not nice to become old in years while your true age is only a few days
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|If someone breaks up, it's an opportunity to revamp yourself; this time better and stronger than before.
Robin Jones Gunn, In Your Dreams|And your life,' Katie said to Christy, 'is turning into a rather predictable romance. Girl meets boy. Boy is a dork for four years. Girl blossoms into a gorgeous woman. Boy finds his brain. Girl turns into starry-eyed mush head.
Ian Baucom, Through the Skylight|Believing, too, that is not enough. You cannot just believe. Your belief must have a purpose.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Call up the ever-pure, the effulgent and the ever-radiant character of true humanism in yourself and in others, and no racism shall have the power to thrive in such society even for a few seconds.
Alexander Cockburn|We tend to be more environmental at home than at work, regardless of the industry we're in.
Michel Foucault|Meeting writers is always so disappointing. I got over wanting to meet live writers quite a long time ago. There is this terrific book that has changed your life, and then you meet the author, and he has shifty eyes and funny shoes and he won't talk about anything except the injustice of the United States income tax structure toward people with fluctuating income, or how to breed Black Angus cows, or something.
Rob Liano|Give yourself the love and attention you desire, it's the starting point of contentment.
Lauren Oliver|Stand tall with your feet on the ground, feel the earth under your feet and raise your head towards the sun. Take in its warmth and carry it with you. When you feel cold with fear, when you feel alone and lost, look to the sun, close your eyes and let it warm your heart, let it feed your soul, let it remind you of your divinity.” –Betsy Chasse
Benjamin Barber|Global inequality means that while the wealthy have too few needs, the needy have too little wealth. Capitalism is stymied, courting long-term disaster.
Vinod Pande, Don's wife|Façade. One, simple word. But, very complex portents. It’s like living a life of half-dead. You are neither fully inside a grave, nor completely out of it, beyond the oppressive calmness of the slabs, tombstones and plaques. There is one solace though, you soon discover that you are not alone in the vast graveyard of the half-dead. This is what Kamini soon realized when she plunged herself back into the world that the destiny had conspired her to inherit.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Dance of the Dissident Daughter|He needed some sort of membrane between himself and experience, which, for him, became language.(Jeanette Winterson on T.S.Eliot)
Dada Bhagwan|If someone says, "the Gnani Purush is happy in the 'Real' but happy or unhappy in the 'relative’", then I would say, "No, the Gnani Purush Knows the 'relative' as being the 'relative', and therefore He is happy in the relative as well.
Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost|The TelephoneWhen I was just as far as I could walkFrom here todayThere was an hourAll stillWhen leaning with my head against a flowerI heard you talk.Don't say I didn't for I heard you sayYou spoke from that flower on the window sill-Do you remember what it was you said ''First tell me what it was you thought you heard.''Having found the flower and driven a bee awayI leaned my headAnd holding by the stalkI listened and I thought I caught the wordWhat was itDid you call me by my name Or did you saySomeone said "Come"I heard it as I bowed.''I may have thought as much but not aloud.'Well so I came.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|What if part of God's message to the world was you, the true and real you?
Louis Theroux|I love actors, and I'm very protective of them. I trust them. It's a mutual trust.
Susan Auten|Lena studied the faces of the girls on the sidelines. She could tell that Kostos owned the lust of what few local teenage girls there were in Oia, but instead he chose to dance with all the grandmothers, all the women who had raised him, who had poured into him the love they couldn't spend on their own absent children and grandchildren.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|I won't be one of the hundreds telling you that being alive flows like a story you write consciously, deliberately, full of linear narrative, foreshadowing, repetition, motifs. The emotional beats come down where they should, last as long as they should, end where they should, and that should come from somewhere real and natural, not from the tyranny of the theatre, the utter hegemony of fiction.
Robertson Davies, Tempest-Tost|Oho, now I know what you are. You are an advocate of Useful Knowledge.... Well, allow me to introduce myself to you as an advocate of Ornamental Knowledge. You like the mind to be a neat machine, equipped to work efficiently, if narrowly, and with no extra bits or useless parts. I like the mind to be a dustbin of scraps of brilliant fabric, odd gems, worthless but fascinating curiosities, tinsel, quaint bits of carving, and a reasonable amount of healthy dirt. Shake the machine and it goes out of order; shake the dustbin and it adjusts itself beautifully to its new position.
John Hawley|A woman can take care of the family. It takes a man to provide structure, to provide stability.
Josemaría Escrivá, Christ Is Passing by|God is here. This truth should fill our lives, and every Christmas should be for us a new and special meeting with God, when we allow his light and grace to enter deep into our soul.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Suicide is a form of murder - premeditated murder. It isn't something you do the first time you think of doing it. It takes getting used to. And you need the means, the opportunity, the motive. A successful suicide demands good organization and a cool head, both of which are usually incompatible with the suicidal state of mind.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Well, I'm stubborn and wrong, but at least I know it.
Michael Birch|I have a cell phone that doesn't behave like a phone: It behaves like a computer that makes calls. Computers are becoming an integral part of daily life. And if people don't start designing them to be more user-friendly, then an even larger part of the population is going to be left out of even more stuff.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|There are people who thirst for blood like tigers. Any man who has once tasted this unlimited power over the blood, over the body and spirit of a human creature like himself, a creature created in the same image and subject to the same law of Christ; any man who has tasted this power, this boundless opportunity to humiliate most bitterly another being made in the image of God — becomes the servant instead of the master of his own emotions. Tyranny is a habit. It can and does eventually develop into a disease. I believe that the best of men may grow coarse, degrade to the level of a beast by sheer force of habit. Blood and power intoxicate one, they develop callousness and lust. The greatest perversions grow finally acceptable and even delicious to mind and heart. The man and the citizen perish in the tyrant for ever and the return to human dignity, remorse and spiritual rebirth becomes scarcely possible to him. Besides, the example and mere possibility of arbitrary power are contagious; they are indeed a great temptation. A society which regards such things calmly is already corrupt at the roots.
Raheel Farooq|If you study a historical episode and feel good about it, it probably means that you haven't had it explained very well. Historical conflict is usually the struggle of different conceptions of what is good.
Becky Chambers|Monsters, show me the monsters: these people out on the street. My people.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|I'm a mother," said her mother, in her foodless flat where the dust did not dare to settle, "and I know what I know.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Music is a form that tends to give shape to rules, social mores, social attitudes, feelings—it does this in a very beautiful, fluid way. To me the issue of form and formlessness is most strong in the theme of mortality versus a human wish for immortality of a sort. Take, for example, the definition of beauty in fashion. Remember what Alison says at the beginning? She says when she was young she didn’t know what beautiful was. She looked at this woman who everyone was saying was beautiful and she didn’t even know what they were talking about. I experienced that when I was a child. If I loved someone I thought they were really beautiful. And then eventually, I began to get it, the social concept of beauty. Not that I think beautiful is completely imaginary, but beauty is so wide ranging and fluid. Yet there’s a need to say: “This is what it is, and it’s not changing; we’re taking a picture of it to hold it still.” It’s like an impulse to put up a building meant to last forever. An urge to grab and hold something in place when nothing human can be grabbed and held in place. We come into these physical bodies . . . whatever we are takes this shape that is so particular and distinct—eyes, nose, mouth—and then it gradually begins to disintegrate. Eventually it’s going to dissolve completely. It’s a huge problem for people; we can understand it, but it breaks our hearts. And so we’re constantly trying to pin something down or leave a trace that will last forever. “And this is the only immortality you and I may share, my Lolita . . .” What other immortality will anyone share?
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There are several grave consequences that come with lack of knowledge, the paramount is destruction.
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|Consciously and unconsciously, intentionally and involuntarily, willfully and unsuspectingly, our beliefs are the sum total of our lives. It's that simple.
Tamora Pierce, Sandry's Book|Waves are the voices of tides. Tides are life," murmured Niko. "They bring new food for shore creatures, and take ships out to sea. They are the ocean's pulse, and our own heartbeat.
Dan Gasby, Before I Forget: Love, Hope, Help, and Acceptance in Our Fight Against Alzheimer's|And, as for the oil, it is a masterpiece. You’ll see.”Before dinner that night, we tested it, dripping it onto slices of bread that had been rubbed with the flesh of tomatoes. It was like eating sunshine.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|She knew this man's smile, his gentle ways of love, but not his godlike fury in the storm. She might snare him in a fragile net of music, love and flowers, but, at each departure, he would break forth without, it seemed to her, the least regret.
Theo de Raadt|I am fourth-generation deaf, which means everyone in my immediate family is deaf. So I grew up always having 100 percent accessibility to language and communication, which was wonderful and something so many deaf people don't have.
William H. Gass, The Tunnel|No two of us learn our language alike, nor, in a sense, does any finish learning it while he lives.
Debasish Mridha|Without an abundance of hope and happiness, it will be difficult to accumulate an abundance of wealth.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|Facts and intuition are false opposites.Leaders should listen to their intuition and instincts and allow others to do the same because they are sub-conscious, fast ways of processing, aggregating and then accessing evidence to reach a swift conclusion.Trust your gut.
Charles Martin, When Crickets Cry|But what I knew in my head stayed up there, swirling about the other ten zillion things I had retained. That knowledge informed my actions, what I did and how I did it.What Emma knew filtered from her head down into her heart and informed who she was—what I have since come to call the Infinite Migration. If my wonderings about life were scientific, bent toward examination and physical discovery, Emma’s all leaned toward matters of the heart. While I could understand and explain the physics behind a rainbow, Emma saw the colors. When it came to life, I saw each piece and how they all fit together, and Emma saw the image on the face of the puzzle. And every now and then, she’d walk me through the door into her world and show it to me.
Rossana Condoleo|Divorce = Rebirth: forget the past, replan your life, improve your appearance & REJUVENATE!
Henry James, Roderick Hudson|The mystery of esthetic like that of material creation is accomplished. The artist, like the god of the creation, remains within or behind or beyond or above his handiwork, invisible, refined out of existence, indifferent, paring his fingernails.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|When your youth is about to enter in old age it shouldn't wonder, what happened? it must say, well done.
Amy Gerstler, Medicine|Thin ribbons of fear snake bluely through you like a system of rivers. We need a cloudburst or soothing landscape fast, to still this panic. Maybe a field of dracaena, or a vast stand of sugar pines—generous, gum-yielding trees—to fill our minds with vegetable wonder and keep dread at bay.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|Reality is in the ether, a blend of present-day experiences infused with one’s memories and dreams. A life that is real to one is surreal to another.
Tiana Dalichov, Purification|There is a blessing in losing the one we love. It's the blessing of self-transformation. You don't have to who you were anymore. You've struggled. And now you can change. It doesn't mean that bits of that person won't cling to you, they will throughout your life, but they are now subsumed into something greater. That person has given you, in fact, the most important blessing, which is they gave you the blessing of transforming your soul into something better, something more beautiful.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Some people never stop working, especially the demanding type of person whom the world never seems to touch, the indomitable person whom is determined to make the world their own place.
Naoyuki Ochiai, syndrome 1866 10|What is happiness? What is a good life? Is it a life without suffering? Something like that doesn't exist... Life is filled with suffering and sorrow. So it's no wonder that to those who fear suffering, the world seems like a living hell! And still...those who bravely keep going and try to push through this hell... They'll find that it's only a small stretch of the road to happiness. The truly great are those who never lose hope, even when thrown into hell... And as long as we have faith in ourselves, even hell itself can be a paradise!
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|In counseling, we don't simply help people to change one thought; we help people to understand the pattern of their thinking – their mindsets.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|Thank you...for gracing my life with your lovely presence, for adding the sweet measure of your soul to my existence.
John Burnham Schwartz, The Commoner|Along the wide curving moat surrounding the palace, rows of cherry trees announced the end of their seasonal beauty. Some of the trees were weeping: blossoms in white and palest pink, ponderous with decreptitude, eddying on the brown water, stirred by the paddling of ducks.
Jay Leno|New Year's Eve, where auld acquaintance be forgot. Unless, of course, those tests come back positive.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|One is in 'Waiting'Even after it's overGrief comes to stayNever up for closure...There is no escape everOne is always yearningGrief envelops thoseLeft behind in 'waiting'...‘Staying stuck’ in painHiding deep in the heart'Let go' ! Yes, but howTo make a new start...One has to live in theDark blind ‘Black-hole’Until Light would graceRekindling a 'Whole'(Page 49)
John Barth, Lost in the Funhouse|In the moment when you are hurt…Sit with yourself, let yourself feel the hurt,  acknowledge the shames it touched and  accept them. Hug yourself, let yourself cry. Let yourself  Shout. Let it all out. No it's not lame. Embrace your shames. But do not go  and sink with them. You are a fighter, turn them around.You will grow through it, if you Let yourself. And once you have gone past it all,  don't forget to look back and appreciate  the growth.Thank the pain and always keep Gratitude above Hurtitude.
Jane Hirshfield|It is, of course, we who house poems as much as their words, and we ourselves must be the locus of poetry's depth of newness. Still, the permeability seems to travel both ways: a changed self will find new meanings in a good poem, but a good poem also changes the shape of the self.
Frank Deford|I'm pro-WWE, but also I maintain my independence and speak my true thoughts, never bashing the product. But yes, I can be critical. I've earned the right to be critical.
Oswald J. Smith, The Enduement Of Power: Being Filled With The Holy Spirit|And they continued steadfastly (Acts 2:42) - That is to say, they did not backslide. The real reason there are so many backsliders is because there are so many who have never had a forward slide to Jesus Christ.
Jane Goodall|I hate the way they portray us in the media. If you see a black family it says they're looting, if you see a white family it says they're looking for food.
Lauren Kate, Fallen|But his eyes say what he can’t. I see it, clear as day, even if she doesn’t. He’d give up his wings for her. All she’d have to do is ask.
David Hume, The Natural History of Religion|As every inquiry which regards religion is of the utmost importance, there are two questions in particular which challenge our attention, to wit, that concerning its foundation in reason, and that concerning it origin in human nature.
Sarah Vowell, Lafayette in the Somewhat United States|Wainwright prayed to the graven image of Lafayette, since neither the president nor Congress seemed to be listening. “We, the women of the United States,” she told the bronze Lafayette, “denied the liberty which you helped to gain, and for which we have asked in vain for sixty years, turn to you to plead for us. Speak, Lafayette, dead these hundred years but still living in the hearts of the American people.
Moby|When I did the film Generations, in which the character died, I felt like a guest for the first time. That made me very sad.
Alin Sav|If you long for excellence, greatness follows.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|Women are also property in our bible; adultery is a property crime in the Old Testament, not a sex crime.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|How often since then has she wondered what might have happened if she'd tried to remain with him; if she’d returned Richard's kiss on the corner of Bleeker and McDougal, gone off somewhere (where?) with him, never bought the packet of incense or the alpaca coat with rose-shaped buttons. Couldn’t they have discovered something larger and stranger than what they've got. It is impossible not to imagine that other future, that rejected future, as taking place in Italy or France, among big sunny rooms and gardens; as being full of infidelities and great battles; as a vast and enduring romance laid over friendship so searing and profound it would accompany them to the grave and possibly even beyond. She could, she thinks, have entered another world. She could have had a life as potent and dangerous as literature itself.Or then again maybe not, Clarissa tells herself. That's who I was. This is who I am--a decent woman with a good apartment, with a stable and affectionate marriage, giving a party. Venture too far for love, she tells herself, and you renounce citizenship in the country you've made for yourself. You end up just sailing from port to port.Still, there is this sense of missed opportunity. Maybe there is nothing, ever, that can equal the recollection of having been young together. Maybe it's as simple as that. Richard was the person Clarissa loved at her most optimistic moment. Richard had stood beside her at the pond's edge at dusk, wearing cut-off jeans and rubber sandals. Richard had called her Mrs. Dalloway, and they had kissed. His mouth had opened to hers; (exciting and utterly familiar, she'd never forget it) had worked its way shyly inside until she met its own. They'd kissed and walked around the pond together.It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and it's perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.
Bryan Litfin, After Acts: Exploring the Lives and Legends of the Apostles|The more God-centered our worship practices, the more mercy-centered our life.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Meaninglessness inhibits fullness of life and is therefore equivalent to illness. Meaning makes a great many things endurable--perhaps everything.... It is not that 'God' is a myth, but that myth is the revelation of a divine life in man. It is not we who invent myth; rather, it speaks to us as a Word of God.
Timothy Ferris, The Best American Science Writing 2001|I placed some of the DNA on the ends of my fingers and rubbed them together. The stuff was sticky. It began to dissolve on my skin. 'It's melting -- like cotton candy.' 'Sure. That's the sugar in the DNA,' Smith said. 'Would it taste sweet?' 'No. DNA is an acid, and it's got salts in it. Actually, I've never tasted it.' Later, I got some dried calf DNA. I placed a bit of the fluff on my tongue. It melted into a gluey ooze that stuck to the roof of my mouth in a blob. The blob felt slippery on my tongue, and the taste of pure DNA appeared. It had a soft taste, unsweet, rather bland, with a touch of acid and a hint of salt. Perhaps like the earth's primordial sea. It faded
Marilynne Robinson|It was hard not to feel sorry for a life that had no purpose of its own... His only purpose, it seemed, was to come into her mother's life in order to send her home. For that, Bay decided, she would be grateful.For the rest, though, she wondered if she would ever be able to forgive him. She hoped she wouldn't remember him long enough to find out.
John Predmore|Prayer is actually setting out a tuning fork. All you can really do in the spiritual life is to get tuned to receive the always present message. Once you are tuned, you will receive, and it as nothing do to with worthiness or the group you belong to but only the inner resonance and a capacity for mutuality. The Sender is absolutely and always present and broadcasting; the only change is with the receiver station.
Jennifer Hudson Taylor, For Love or Loyalty|I have always been on speaking terms with God, especially now. God and I just had a few weeks of silence. 'Tis over now.
Gudjon Bergmann, Create a Safe Space: An Inspirational Guidebook for Yoga Teachers Who want to Further Serve their Students|Be decisive and handle objections as they come, don't relay on others much and don't look to others to determine if you're acting right or wrong. Do what feels right for you.
Rob Shepherd, The Grays Anatomy|Even though it’s pleasing to boast about achievements I have earned in my generation, nothing makes me more content in the world than just having the exciting opportunity to share my passion of work with the public. What is even more exhilarating, is being able (having the capability) to spend quality time with my loving wife, (Gloria) and family doing what I love most in the world -- writing. Their total well-being and health, along with my health too means everything to me. I have had my fair share of narrow escapes in my life to know how important my family, and health are to me. I will never take that for granted again – ever.
L.M. Montgomery|I wonder why people so commonly suppose that if two individuals are both writers they must therefore be hugely congenial," said Anne, rather scornfully. "Nobody would expect two blacksmiths to be violently attracted toward each other merely because they were both blacksmiths.
David Bowie|Sadly, people think a guy and a girl can't be friends without something romantic going on.
Natasha Trethewey|My father, Eric Trethewey, is a poet, so I had one right inside the house. And on long trips, he'd tell me, if I got bored in the car, to write a poem about it. And I did find that poetry was a way for me, I think as it for a lot of people, to articulate those things that seem hardest to say.
Robyn Davidson|The genre has moved into this commercial aspect of itself, and ignored this extraordinarily rich literature that's filed everywhere else except under travel.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|...There is no worse way to abuse a man’s patriotism than to estrange him from his homeland, be it his ancestral or adopted land...
Marty Rubin|Sing, laugh and be merry because today you're alive.
Anonymous|The truth of the matter is, the soul is a monstrous beast. The heart a most unwieldy and a fair weather friend. Why else woud ribs be cages
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|The reality is that all God has to do is reveal himself to you,and you'll gladly join the mission in service to his kingdom. He doesn't force the issue; he just has to reveal himself as is: mighty,wondrous, gracious, loving, and radically saving. No man goes back to saltine crackers when he's had fillet mignon.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|My vengeance was of a different kind. It bore no offense and no ill towards injustice. It had no emotion. Blood and Death. That's all it was." - Celeste- ALL LIGHT WILL FALL
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If you are what you eat, you are what you see and hear.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|But for a moment I stay there, suspended above the green swell of the land as though thrown up onto the crest of a wave, seeing for the first time a break in the at horizon. For this the boats crossed the ocean, the wagons climbed the mountain pass. For this the songs were sung with desert all around. This is what is given: the promise there is still a way, if we can find it, the promise we can always be renewed.
Fran Lebowitz|If your sexual fantasies were truly of interest to others, they would no longer be fantasies.
Naomi Alderman, Disobedience|Ree is his. Is his, is devoted to him, is aggravatingly tender and possessively passionate and wrapped up in him in a thousand ways, loves him in a way that is very useful. It seems a law of nature, at this point. Even if the events of this startling evening have served to give him pause, a little. But Ree is still his. He's fairly sure. Such complex knots can't be untied so quickly, can they?Still, it's not the only thing disturbing him, about the Dam's account of early events. She laughs when she sees his face, his sidewise look at her description, and there's definitely a mean note to it. “Oh, it was darling,” she says, and he gets the feeling of a caged animal stuck behind bars, while a cruel child pokes at it. “You were enchanted by his wolf, would follow it anywhere, welcome or not, though mostly he tolerated it. But you couldn't manage his name – and a nickname hadn't stuck at that point – so instead you imitated the sound he made. Rather insultingly, too, if not intentionally – Ruff. Or Woof, or whatever it was that you intended to say, except that it actually came out as Wuff. Or Wuffy, depending, and at varying pitches and volume as you ran after him, falling down and rolling about half the ti
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|When considering the topic of spirituality or religion, I would encourage you to look at Christianity first. It is a testable religion. That is, it is based on evidence. The evidence is philosophical and historical. It can be examined and then we can all make our decision.
|According to Hoge and colleagues (2007), the key to reducing stigma is to present mental health care as a routine aspect of health care, similar to getting a check up or an X-ray. Soldiers need to understand that stress reactions-difficulty sleeping, reliving incidents in your mind, and emotional detachment-are common and expected after combat... The soldier should be told that wherever they go, they should remember that what they're feeling is "normal and it's nothing to be ashamed of.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|An untold story has a weight that can submerge you, sure as a sunken ship at the bottom of the ocean. I learned that. This kind of story, this kind of things kept secrets -they have the power to keep your head in forever, and most of all for yourself.
Sara Sheridan|For me, writing stories set, well, wherever they're best set, is a form of cultural curiosity that is uniquely Scottish - we're famous for travelling in search of adventure.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Anyway, it's a good thing we're human. We design business spreadsheets, paint programs, and word processing equipment. So that tells you where we're at as a species. What is the search for the next great compelling application but a search for the human identity?
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|American cities are like badger holes, ringed with trash -- all of them -- surrounded by piles of wrecked and rusting automobiles, and almost smothered with rubbish. Everything we use comes in boxes, cartons, bins, the so-called packaging we love so much. The mountains of things we throw away are much greater than the things we use. In this, if no other way, we can see the wild an reckless exuberance of our production, and waste seems to be the index. Driving along I thought how in France or Italy every item of these thrown-out things would have been saved and used for something. This is not said in criticism of one system or the other but I do wonder whether there will come a time when we can no longer afford our wastefulness -- chemical wastes in the rivers, metal wastes everywhere, and atomic wastes buried deep in the earth or sunk in the sea. When an Indian village became too deep in its own filth, the inhabitants moved. And we have no place to which to move.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|For wordsmiths and masters of words, without necessarily being harsh with words, the words have a tendency to shoot straight to the hearts of people, and this either deeply touches them or deeply angers them. Like the apostles in all their loving controversies are those who are masters of words while combining this gift with truth.
John Fuller|The mystic purchases a moment of exhilaration with a lifetime of confusion; and the confusion is infectious and destructive. It is confusing and destructive to try and explain anything in terms of anything else, poetry in terms of psychology.
David Chang|I find that the most special thing to me is if you've connected to people in some way: If someone comes up to you on the street and says something to you, and you know it's meant something to them, and it's connected to some project. That, I find, is amazing.
Proclus|The standard cosmological theory--an expanding universe--does not really solve the problem of God. It simply makes it more problematical. Once the creator-creation model is discarded as primitive mythology, we still have not touched the ancient conundrum, ex nihilo nihil fit: nothing comes from nothing, and the "axiom" that "Nothing is unstable' rivals in scholastic absurdity anything Aquinas may have said eight hundred years ago and can only be postulated given the reality of something, whereby it becomes a self-evident and unarguable tautology.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|Frederick expected that he would have felt spasms of joy; but the passions grow pale when we find ourselves in an altered situation; and, as he no longer saw Madame Arnoux in the environment wherein he had known her, she seemed to him to have lost some of her fascination; to have degenerated in some way that he could not comprehend—in fact, not to be the same. He was astonished at the serenity of his own heart./... sentimentele slăbesc cînd le schimbi locul...
Judy Blume|Out with stereotypes, feminism proclaims. But stereotypes are the west's stunning sexual personae, the vehicles of art's assault against nature. The moment there is imagination, there is myth.
Lilly Singh|I think what people need to realize is that, with trans people, we're like everybody else. No group of people are all the same. All women are not the same, all men are not the same, all children are not the same. It's the same thing with trans people - we're all so different, we have different goals, different dreams, and different aspirations.
John Wooden|I wish the music business was a much easier thing, but you know what? Nothing easy is worth anything. So it is what it is. There comes a time when things can work out and everybody can be happy. And that's what it's all about in the end - everybody being happy and working it out.
Andre Benjamin|I, Joan Crawford, I believe in the dollar. Everything I earn, I spend.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|Seriously, if you always put limits on what you can do, physical or anything else; it'll spread over into the rest of your life. It'll spread into your work, into your morality, into your entire being... There are NO limits. There are plateus, but you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. If it kills you, it kills you. A man must constantly exceed his level.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|Infatuation. First Love. Lust. My passion can be explained away. But this is sure: Whatever she touches, she reveals.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Witch's Daughter|That was the problem with modern day witches , thought Corso : they didn't have any secrets . Everything was out in the open , you could read all about them in any Who's Who or gossip column . Baronesses or not , they had become predictable , vulgar . Torquemada would have been bored to death by it all .
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am thankful to the Lord for my redemption. I was once lost, now I am saved by grace.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|By associating with the cat, one only risks becoming richer.
Bryant McGill|Humility is a virtue that one can find, in which God in heaven rejoices ,and in His love he enfolds you, close to his heart He does bind.
Stephen Fry|Among men and women, those in love do not always announce themselves with declarations and vows. But they are the ones who weep when you're gone. Who miss you every single night, especially when the sky is so deep and beautiful, and the ground so very cold.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Their dad was the god of thieves, but they were about a stealthy as water buffalos.
Jimmy Carter|If you have heard that I am wild, you can contradict the rumour,(...) I am tame. I am quite tame; I am about the tamest beast that crawls. I drink too much of the same kind of whisky at the same time every night. I even drink about the same amount too much. I go to the same number of public-houses. I meet the same damned women with mauve faces. I hear the same number of dirty stories— generally the same dirty stories. You may assure my friends, Inglewood, that you see before you a person whom civilization has thoroughly tamed.
Julie Kagawa, Legion|I've been told that there's a point in every soldier's life when he knows he's going to die. You expect it, of course, in every battle, every ambush, every enemy engagement. You are aware that this could be it. This could be the one that ends your life. But, there's a difference between being aware that you could die, and knowing beyond a doubt, when the situation is hopeless. New dragons dropped from the sky in a dark mass...
Ronald M. Moore|The Cylon War is long over, yet we must not forget the reasons why so many sacrificed so much in the cause of freedom. The cost of wearing the uniform can be high, but... [very long pause] sometimes it's too high. You know, when we fought the Cylons, we did it to save ourselves from extinction. But we never answered the question "Why?" Why are we as a people worth saving? We still commit murder because of greed and spite, jealousy, and we still visit all of our sins upon our children. We refuse to accept the responsibility for anything that we've done, like we did with the Cylons. We decided to play God, create life. And when that life turned against us, we comforted ourselves in the knowledge that it really wasn't our fault, not really. You cannot play God then wash your hands of the things that you've created. Sooner or later, the day comes when you can't hide from the things that you've done anymore. 
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|If people bring so much courage to this world the world has to kill them to break them, so of course it kills them. The world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that will not break it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry.
G.K. Chesterton|As to the doubt of the soul I discover it to be false: a mood not a conclusion. My conclusion is the Faith. Corporate, organized, a personality, teaching. A thing, not a theory. It.
Jeanette Coron|The greater the destiny, the greater obstacles you’ll have to overcome. No great destiny comes without great challenges and sacrifices.
Judy Frankel|Inviting someone to work for pay is a sacred privilege and a trust. It must be regarded a high honor to be able to give another person work, and neither employer nor employee should abuse this relationship
Gottfried Feder|Yesterday I got a credit card application from a major bank with a variable rate of 12.99% to 20.99%. Such a deal. And what if I fall on hard times and lose my job? So, I wrote them a return letter:Dear major bank, Thank you for the opportunity to express how I really feel about your corporation. What I do appreciate, is that there is no stamp required for your return envelope. After tearing off all my personal information, so some dumpster diver doesn’t fill out your application for me, and find out he picked the wrong target; I just wanted to make one comment: Your practice of usury is despicable, along with crashing the global economy.Danny - I think I have my grandmother’s charm and wit. Too bad she’s not here to share it with. Maybe if every disgruntled person would use that free envelope and apply their creative talent, they might get the picture that we’re tired of this bullshit. Marcie, there are so many people you could visit and test your information extraction program on, so what are you people doing here? Is this just a practice run? Well, you wanted to know what I was thinking. And you wonder why I look to God for solutions. Wake me up when it’s over.Marcie - You are a crazy SOB. You want me to use my system to play Robin Hood.Danny - You’d make an excellent Robin Hood, make sure you get your merry band to sign on. Maybe that’s the reason we were connected by design. How much materialism do you really need? Some people take what they need from the orchard and other people pick the orchard clean.Marcie - You’re wondering what I’m thinking. I don’t want to mess your mind up with what I’m thinking, so let me simply say, I don’t approve of what some of these people have been doing for decades. Who do you think I am?Danny - Someone who frustrates me, don’t we have enough guessing games in life?Marcie - Marcie is a miracle worker, so what does that tell you? You do not even know what to make of me, someone who keeps coming back for you, someone who won’t let go of you.Danny - Why is it that there’s only a handful of words for truth and over 100 synonyms and derivatives for deception?Marcie - Are you surprised?Danny - It puts it in a different light when you start reading through the list. You may as well add amygdala hijacking.Marcie - Has Danny been bamboozled?Danny - You picked one with an unknown origin.Marcie - That is the best way to start a mind game.Danny - Okay, just for kicks, try saying synonym - cinnamon 10 times as fast as you can.From - "The Mind Game Company - The Players
Dada Bhagwan|If one attains only the faith in the Self, he will not experience fear anywhere at all, fear will go away.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Oftentimes, especially during my recovery, I didn’t need to think about everything I was doing wrong; instead, I needed to focus more on what I was doing right—and then do more of the right stuff. I needed to live more in the solution.
Terri Irwin, Steve & Me|Crocodiles are easy,' Steve said. 'They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first.
Jessica Verday, The Hollow|They said she killed herself.Everyone was saying It. What started out as a rumor, quietly whispered among small gatherings of polite people, quickly grew into something that was openly discussed in a large gatherings of impolite people. I was so sick of hearing them talk about It. They questioned me. Over and over again, trying to find out If i knew what happened. But my answers didn't change. Yet It never failed-someone else would ask, as if one day my reply would suddenly be different. I didn't know, but i should have...and I've been haunted ever since.
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|There is no faster way to garner the lasting respect of employees, partners, and consumers than to become the embodiment of an ideal.
Peter Tieryas, United States of Japan|You want a happy family?""I'd love a miserable one where everyone hated each other.""Why?""So we could find redemption in each other's arms.
Malcolm Muggeridge|Happiness is a wine of the rarest vintage, and seems insipid to a vulgar taste.
James Baldwin|I had been sent away to help guarantee and perpetuate this indifference. No one, here, knew what was happening anywhere else. Perhaps no one ever knows that, anywhere: wherever "here" may be, it must always happen "here" before it can be perceived to have happened. And then, it is not really perceived, it is simply endured. Out of this endurance come, for the most part, alas, monuments, legends, and lies. People cling to these in order to deny that what happened is always happening; that what happened is not an event skewered and immobilized by time, but a continuing and timeless mirror of ourselves.
Rita Rudner|At the beginning and at the end of love, the two lovers are embarrassed to find themselves alone.
Anonymous, Modern King James Version of the Holy Bible|Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: But a woman who fears the Lord,She shall be praised.(Proverbs 31:30 Modern King James Version)
Arefin Bashar Arif|Perhaps she had received diamonds, Strike thought; she had always said she didn't care for such things, but when they argued the glitter of all he could not give her had sometimes been flung back hard in his face...
John Wood, Creating Room to Read|...parents everywhere desire a better life for their children. It's a near constant: They understand the importance of education and crave it for their children, even as they are well aware of the sacrifice they will have to make.
Katharine Hepburn, Katharine Hepburn Once Said...: Great Lines to Live By|IT'S NOT CARDS YOU ARE DEALT, BUT HOW YOU PLAY THE GAME!
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Nature can put on a thrilling show. The stage is vast, the lighting is dramatic, the extras are innumerable, and the budget for special effects is absolutely unlimited.
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|I'd forgotten about it, and now I forgot it again. There are things that have to be forgotten if you want to go on living.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|If all is Consciousness, experience its infinity, create your own journey through it, be amazed.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Award Winning Plays -2|Without community, there is no liberation...but community must not mean a shedding of our differences, nor the pathetic pretense that these differences do not exist.
Anita Roddick|Mary-Kate and Ashley, who played Michelle, were great. I miss them, I love them, and I need to borrow some money from them.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|... but to remain historically accurate, I would have had to leave out an important question that I felt needed to be addressed, which is, 'What if Jesus had known kung fu?
Abhijit Naskar|Dare to contradict the scientist, not because of your scripture, but because of your own rational thinking.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|Stop, breathe, look aroundand embrace the miracle of each day,the miracle of life.
Charles Jencks|If you examine this, I think that you will find that it's the mechanics of Japanese architecture that have been thought of as the direct influence upon our architecture.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|If people try to judge you or shame you for doing safe, consensual things that make you happy, I can guarantee you they're bad people.
Antoine Leiris, Vous n'aurez pas ma haine|No one can be healed of death. All they can do is tame it. Death is a wild animal, sharp-fanged. I am just trying to build a cage to keep it locked in. It is there, beside me, drooling as it waits to devour me. The bars of the cage that protect me are made of paper.
Shobana, Imagination Unchained|If one can picture the words, then the works of the writer is an accomplishment!
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|Instant communication is not communication at all but merely a frantic, trivial, nerve-wracking bombardment of cliches, threats, fads, fashions, gibberish and advertising.
Jane McGonigal|After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without; and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|And now leave me in peace for a bit! I don't want to answer a string of questions while I am eating. I want to think!""Good Heavens!" said Pippin. "At breakfast?
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|Reading is not an end to itself, but a means to an end.
Lloyd DeMause|Each time he came he would twist my defenceless body into a different pose, as if I were his very own doll
Ally Condie, Matched|All of the things that were shown in early studies to be good for longevity—happy marriages, healthy bodies—are ours to have. We live long,good lives. We die on our eightieth birthdays, surrounded by our families, before dementia sets in. Cancer, heart disease, and most debilitatingillnesses are almost entirely eradicated. This is as close to perfect as any society has ever managed to get.
Norman Schwarzkopf|If we are to assume that North Korea becomes a nuclear-power state, of course the danger of having an all-out nuclear war, that possibility is very slim.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|Guilt was a fascinating thing: it seemed not to weaken over time. If anything it grew stronger as the circumstances faded from memory, as the fear and the necessity became abstract. And only her own actions stood out with crystal clarity.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|You shouldn’t have to pretend to be as excited as I am just to make me happy. If it comes to that, you shouldn’t have to pretend to be anything around me. Friends should be real with each other
Marcus Berkmann, Set Phasers to Stun: 50 Years of Star Trek|Winter passed, and the world around began to wake. The birds returned to the kingdom and set about readying their nests, deer could be seen once more grazing where the fields met the woods, and buds burst forth upon the branches of the kingdom's trees.
Kendra Thomas|Let's don't wait forever for our lives to start. Let's begin them ourselves. Let's be fearless for once and say, we can do this.
Flo Falayi|It will end in praise, if you are not singing praises, it hasn't ended.
Abiola Abrams, The Sacred Bombshell Handbook of Self-Love|How do you know if someone loves herself? No hairstyle, religion, or ethnicity has ownership of self-love or a greater propensity toward self-hatred. The best way to tell if a woman loves herself is by how she treats herself and others. She makes self-loving choices.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|Kissing looked...nice."We could try that, next time I visit your dreams." Torin suddenly said, and my SpaghettiO's sloshed over the side of the bowl."What?"Torin nodded toward the television. "Kissing. You've never done it, I'm quite good at it...seems like we should at least make an attempt."Glaring at him, I scrubbed at the spot on my T-shirt. "I don't want to kiss you.
John Darnielle, Wolf in White Van|Humankind is but the pieces in a game, plastic soldiers waging war between boy gods.
James   Ferguson, Expectations of Modernity: Myths and Meanings of Urban Life on the Zambian Copperbelt|[W]e might do better here to think of culture as fashion. And in fashion, of course, the key is not wearing a particular outfit but being able to wear it ... Clothing is a mere collection of garments; fashionability is a performative capacity, an ability to effect the right look through an effective combination of garments, social sense, and bodily performance.
John Connolly, The Reapers|After all, no relationship could function or survive under the burden of total honesty.
Tom Hodgkinson|Overall, the anarchy was the most creative of all periods of Japanese culture for in it there appeared the greatest landscape painting, the culmination of the skill of landscape gardening and the arts of flower arrangement, and the No drama.
Albert Einstein|How does it happen that a properly endowed natural scientist comes to concern himself with epistemology? Is there no more valuable work in his specialty? I hear many of my colleagues saying, and I sense it from many more, that they feel this way. I cannot share this sentiment. When I think about the ablest students whom I have encountered in my teaching, that is, those who distinguish themselves by their independence of judgment and not merely their quick-wittedness, I can affirm that they had a vigorous interest in epistemology. They happily began discussions about the goals and methods of science, and they showed unequivocally, through their tenacity in defending their views, that the subject seemed important to them. Indeed, one should not be surprised at this.
S.L. Wallace|I'm a wanted fugitive, and you're an upstanding bachelor of the year!
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|No man and woman know what will be born in the darkness of their intermingling; so much besides children, so many invisible births, exchanges of soul and character, blossoming of unknown selves, liberation of hidden treasures, buried fantasies...
Alycia Linwood, Human|War is war and Hell is hell, and if you ask me, War is a lot worse.
Sarah Alderson, The Lila Collection|I nodded. I was ready. In fact I was so ready that if he didn’t do something soon, if he didn’t touch me in the next five seconds, it was very possible I might die. Right there on the bed. Still a virgin.
Jack Kevorkian|Choose your corner, pick away at it carefully, intensely and to the best of your ability and that way you might change the world.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|If I knew I was going to die at a specific moment in the future, it would be nice to be able to control what song I was listening to; this is why I always bring my iPod on airplanes.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|It's like all my life I've been this tower standing at the edge of the ocean for some obscure purpose, and only now, almost eighteen years in, has someone thought to flip the switch that reveals that I'm not a tower at all. I'm a lighthouse. It's like waking up. I am incandescent.
Charles Baudelaire, La Fanfarlo|Have you ever loved someone so much that even when they chip pieces away from you, you still try to give them what’s left? I know I have… I know I do.
Marianne Williamson|When I decided to be a musician I reckoned that that was going to be the way of less profit, less money. I was sort of giving up the idea of making a lot of money. It was what I loved to do. I would have done it anyway. If I'd had to work at Taco Bell I'd have still been out at night trying to play music.
Sean Lennon|I always want to say to people who want to be rich and famous: 'try being rich first'. See if that doesn't cover most of it. There's not much downside to being rich, other than paying taxes and having your relatives ask you for money. But when you become famous, you end up with a 24-hour job.
Gary Oldman|Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.
Mark Halperin|What happens when you let go, when your strength leaves you and you sink into darkness, when there's nothing that you or anyone else can do, no matter how desperate you are, no matter how you try? Perhaps it's then, when you have neither pride nor power, that you are saved, brought to an unimaginably great reward.
Jodi Picoult|What kind of woman tells all her secrets?” my mother continued, flabbergasted and disappointed in me. “Especially anything that has to do with your body making babies! I know a woman who had no ovaries when she got married. Her husband found out only years later that they couldn’t have children. The two of them are happy together still; they live in a big house, and have a cute dog.
Douglas Malloch|Thorns may hurt you, men desert you, sunlight turn to fog;but you're never friendless ever, if you have a dog.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|His greatest satisfaction as a priest was to grant absolution, to help people forgive themselves for not being perfect, make amends, and get on with life.
Edward Hirsch|There have always been great defenses of poetry, and I've tried to write mine, and I think all of my work and criticism is a defense of poetry to try and keep something alive in poetry.
Joe Queenan, One for the Books|If you have read 6,000 books in your lifetime, or even 600, it's probably because at some level you find 'reality' a bit of a disappointment
Jimmy Chin|My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|We are like poor people, who have nothing but each other, and are happy.
Sean M. Thompson, Too Late|Horror symbol of domination and equation removal. You put stuff then remove them… then again, the same goes by and for the characters.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice|A lonely, quiet person has observations and experiences that are at once both more indistinct and more penetrating than those of one more gregarious; his thoughts are weightier, stranger, and never without a tinge of sadness. . . . Loneliness fosters that which is original, daringly and bewilderingly beautiful, poetic. But loneliness also fosters that which is perverse, incongruous, absurd, forbidden.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|If you were going to be successful in the world of crime, you needed a reputation for honesty.
Caroline George, The Vestige|If I seem to not want to be with him now, it’s only because love scares me too, more than manipulation, because love is a choice I make and not something forced upon me. I trust him, but I don’t trust myself. I must have time to trust myself so I can completely love him.He’s the grenade. I’m the grenade. We’ll blow each other to pieces… Together.
Dan Alatorre|Don’t listen to any advice from anybody who has fewer published bestsellers than you, or anybody with more bestsellers than you. Or anybody with the exact same number of bestsellers as you. Don’t listen to any advice at all, even this advice I’m telling you right now.
Raif Badawi, 1000 Lashes: Because I Say What I Think|As a human being you have the right to express yourself. You have the right to journey wherever your mind wanders and to express the thoughts you come up with along the way. You have the right to believe, and to atone, the same way you have the right to love and to hate.
Karen Salmansohn, Bounce Back Book|Throw out old clothes and shoes, and train your brain to get rid of old thoughts and ideas.
Daniel H. Pink, To Sell Is Human: The Surprising Truth About Moving Others|Leadership is service, not position.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Look,” Liam said, “sometimes being a hero isn’t about getting the glory. It’s about doing what needs to be done.
Nio Elbarazangi|You think I’m perfect, but I feel like a songbird trapped in a cage.
Jonathan Ive|I've actually made a prediction that within 30 years a majority of new cars made in the United States will be electric. And I don't mean hybrid, I mean fully electric.
Heather Paxson, The Life of Cheese: Crafting Food and Value in America|More than half of our history is lost, not because they were not documented, but they had no guardians and protectors.
James Patterson, Max|Q: You'er presented with a smooth-faced, eight-foot-high wooden wall. Your objective? Get over it. To, like, save comrades or something. How to accomplish this?A: Take a running start, brace one foot against the wall, throw one hand to the top, try to hang on long enough for a comrade to either grab your hand at the top or for another comrade to push your butt up from below. It takes team work! over it.
Jennifer Niven, Holding Up the Universe|Too many people in this world think small is the best they can do. Not you, Libby Strout. You weren't born for small! You don't know how to do small! Small is not in you!
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|Hope gives us reasons to live and pursue our dreams, expecting greater possibilities.
Peg Tyre, The Trouble with Boys: A Surprising Report Card on Our Sons, Their Problems at School, and What Parents and Educators Must Do|Kelli Farrell talks about the difference between girls and boys who struggle to get through high school: "Girls, especially those whose moms are head of household, get the message that men come and go, that they're going to have to take care of themselves and their kids. They're ready for the opportunity to step up. By the last year or two in high school, many boys have already steeled themselves for failure. They've checked out intellectually, mentally, and emotionally.
Kate Sherwood, Dark Horse|A glad zest and hopefulness might be inspired even in the most jaded and ennui-cursed, were there in our homes such simple, truthful natures as that of my heroine, and it is in the sphere of quiet homes—not elsewhere—I believe that a woman can best rule and save the world.
Daniel C. Tomas|When people divide, things end. Therefore: I won't divide because I don't want this to end.
Said Nursi|In truth, to know oneself seems to be the hardest of all things. Not only our eye, which observes external objects, does not use the sense of sight upon itself, but even our mind, which contemplates intently another's sin, is slow in the recognition of its own defects.
Rob Bell|I wasn't always overweight. I was a skinny little punk of a kid with severe asthma. When I got married at the age of 22, I wore a cut-down size eight wedding gown.
Debasish Mridha|No matter what, love everyone because everyone is craving love.
Maria Sharapova|The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|Nobody would have anything to do with him. He began to drop things and to trip. He had a shy and hopeful manner in each new contact, and he was always disappointed. Because he NEEDED a friend so desperately, he never found one.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|I think that cars today are almost the exact equivalent of the great Gothic cathedrals; I mean the supreme creation of an era, conceived with passion by unknown artists, and consumed in image if not in usage by a whole population which appropriates them as a purely magical object.
Donald Trump|Fashion is here to help make people look very important. If they have good taste and choose what suits them, I give them options on how they can do that. It's always sexy, and it's always with the same result: making women look fantastic.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|He asked me once what I wanted when I died, what I wanted out of life, and I told him I just wanted more happy memories than sad ones.
Debasish Mridha|Failure is part of life, but surrender is the end of life.
Ilchi Lee, LifeParticle Meditation: A Practical Guide to Healing and Transformation|Happiness is something we create ourselves. To our eyes, the sun appears to rise in the east every day to create a brilliant morning for the earth. The sun, however, does not create the morning alone: the earth also creates it actively as it rotates every day. We shouldn't just wait for happiness, either. Happiness doesn't come when we wait for it: we make it ourselves.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|Still trying to save the world?” “Always,” I said, “and in case you haven’t noticed, it’s working. The world is still here.
Martin Rees|In an endless jungle of websites with text-based content, a beautiful image with a lot of space and colour can be like walking into a clearing. It's a relief.
Clint Eastwood|Heartbreak was the impetus to me writing poems and music in the first place. Over the years, I had my heart broken so badly that if I didn't find a way to get all the pain out, I was going to lose my mind. I was crazy! Like, wanting to slash tires and smash car windows. Crazy! I was so hurt that I had to write.
Willie Geist|If I go away, I take a little picture of my son. It's in a frame with a speaker, and he recorded a birthday message for me when he was nine or 10. I can't listen to it without filling up.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|ANYAELE SAM CHIYSON’S LAW OF OBJECTIVITY : You must be aware of who you are, use your ability to do all things right, and have all things turn out well for you without hindrance through personal feelings, prejudice, impedance or encumbrance to make your mark impeccably and in a way that is free from any subjective preference and full of excellence.
John Galsworthy|India has 2,000,000 gods and worships them all. In religion, all other countries are paupers; India is the only millionaire.
Mary Renault, The Last of the Wine|Squares have defined urban living since the dawn of democracy, from which they are inseparable. From the start, the public square has been synonymous with a society that acknowledges public life and a life in public, which is to say a society distinguishing the individual from the state [Michael Kimmelman, "Culture: Power of the Place"].
Michel Foucault|Improvisation, if you play it at the top of your intelligence, leads to a kind of truth that people find really accessible.
William Shakespeare|We probably read Shakespeare in the first place for his stories, afterwards for his characters. . . . To become intimate with Shakespeare in this way is a great enrichment of mind and instruction of conscience. Then, by degrees, as we go on reading this world-teacher, lines of insight and beauty take possession of us, and unconsciously mould our judgments of men and things and of the great issues of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The two women sat by the fire, tilting their glasses and drinking in small peaceful sips. The lamplight shone upon the tidy room and the polished table, lighting topaz in the dandelion wine, spilling pools of crimson through the flanks of the bottle of plum gin. It shone on the contented drinkers, and threw their large, close-at-hand shadows upon the wall. When Mrs Leak smoothed her apron the shadow solemnified the gesture as though she were moulding an universe. Laura's nose and chin were defined as sharply as the peaks peaks on a holly leaf.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Work on your goals, one step at a time. Remain focused and do not stop. You will be amazed how much you can accomplish over the years. In most things in life, it is not the speed but the consistency that matters.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|Success and failure, ultimately, have little to do with living the gospel. Jesus just stood with the outcasts until they were welcomed or until he was crucified — whichever came first.
Vishwas Chavan|When someone reacts violently and aggressively, it only goes to demonstrate the lack of truth, trust and confidence in oneself and issue that we are defending. It rather portrays the guilt, shame and self anger for defending the indefensible.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi geniali di William Shakespeare.|Theoretically speaking a good reader should also be a good learner, whatever the century and the place!
Brian Greene, The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory|Speech is the pen and the sword of humankind and it is the foundation of their kingdom. Wherever the flag of speech waves, the most powerful armies are. defeated and scattered. In the arenas in which speech shouts out, the sounds of cannon balls become like the buzzing of bees. from behind the battlements on which the banner of speech has been raised, the sound of its drums are heard. In the precincts where its march reverberates, kings shake in their boots. The Master of Speech smashed to pieces many insurmountable walls, in the face of which Alexander the Great, Napoleon, and many others despaired or retread; and the pen of Speech, imparting and compliance, was saluted and praised.
Cintra Wilson, Colors Insulting To Nature|Fame turns out to be a powerful instrument of grace because it humbles its chosen victims in a hurry. You sail into it, your canvas swelled with grandiosity, and when your fifteen minutes are over and you are becalmed, you realize that grandiosity cannot take you where you need to go.Only then do you learn to row like hell, asking God for the strength to stay afloat.
Hippocrates, Aphorisms|It was raining that night, when we kissed for the first time.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|When something’s really bothering me, I just like to get it out. I like to completely give in to the emotion. If I pretend I’m not sad—if I try smiling through it, and pretending like everything’s fine—it makes it worse. When I give in and let it out, I feel better.
Terence McKenna|Let's just say that if complete and utter chaos were lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armor and shouting 'All Gods are bastards.
Dave Eggers|Everyone in the life before was cranky, I think, because they just wanted to know.--After I Was Thrown in the River and Before I Drowned
shady_N|If you love someone so much in your life, Then they will surely hurt & destroy you from Inside..!!
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|Laws on killing, even God's demands, didn't allow for peace. Not always. There'd still be pain; missing that child would break her parents' hearts. But what Helen knew, what she'd seen in those woods, would be too much for them, for everybody.
Imogen Rose, Initiation|I suggest you leave now, or you’ll be tied down and gagged until the end of this meeting.”“Tie us down?”“And gag you,” Joseph cheerfully reminded them.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Misadventure will always cause someone to be pissed off at you, because they don't know what degree you're willing to go to to satisfy your need for misadventure.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|The human spirit, padded in ignorance, is a wondrous thing. They move within their own orbits- each of the seemingly lost, or intentionally lost in his or her own endeavors- while shifting into and out of one another's lives.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A sunrise is a wondrous marvel, but in reality the sun never rises. It is the earth that rotates to face the sun. Life too can be a wondrous marvel, but like the earth, we must turn our eyes toward brighter things.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|People talk sometimes of 'bestial' cruelty, but that's a great injustice and insult to the beast; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically, so artfully cruel.
Jolene Perry|My shower doesn't make everything go away. The world doesn't feel like a bigger, brighter place because my hair smells like coconuts.
Jessica Park, Flat-Out Love|You are not the first, and will not be the last, to say so. I wear my “warped” label with pride.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|What, no flirting?” I asked, trying to buy time. “Aren’t you going to at least try to be sexy? Think of all those vampire fans out there—they’d be so disappointed.” I pulled out my silver knife. Probably should have paid more attention during my knife training. “Tell you what. Let me go and I promise not to tell anyone that you aren’t suave.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|I looked up and beyond him again, focusing in on the horror that swords, arrows, clubs, and staffs left behind on human flesh. The open wounds. The blood, The brokenness. The inglorious remains of war.
Abraham Hicks|This is the secret of happiness that you have been looking for:If you are moving in the direction of your identified desires, you're happy in this moment.If you're moving in opposition to your identified desires, you are unhappy in this moment.
Amanda Coplin|Words of others, helps weave our feathers.
Rob Montgomery|The people you love become ghosts inside of you, and like this you keep them alive.
John Bunyan|You're like Lady MacBeth without the murder.""Thank you. You have no idea how much of a compliment that is to me.
Ben Gander, Ocd & Me|The presuming social view that mental health is not as serious as the media says it is, blocks progress. This too is political.
Jean Dubuffet|I attributed the incidence to temporary insanity, and in my own defense, I'd like to say I haven't run over anyone since.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you will always remember your age and forget your dream, you will live great years and narrow impacts will come out of it.
Arthur Erickson|Architects today tend to depreciate themselves, to regard themselves as no more than just ordinary citizens without the power to reform the future.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We know only that in some strange and melancholy way we have become a waste land. All the same, we are not often sad.
Julio Cortazar|But we can hold our spirits and our bodies so pure and high, we may cherish such thoughts and such ideals, and dream such dreams of lofty purpose, that we can determine and know what manner of men we will be, whenever and wherever the hour strikes and calls to noble action.
Butch Trucks|I think I'm basically the same guy I always was. Maybe I've learned, through experience, to rein in some of the anger and temper they say redheads normally have.
Nicholas Carr, The Glass Cage: How Our Computers Are Changing Us|Some of the test subjects were given cards that had both words printed in full, like this:Hot: ColdOthers used cards that showed only the first letter of the second word, like this:Hot: CThe people who used the cards with the missing letters performed much better in a subsequent test measuring how well they remembered the word pairs. Simply forcing their minds to fill in a blank, to act rather than observe, led to stronger retention of information.
Andre Bramble|When life throws you a curve ball just give up, no need messing around with that off speed shit
Steven Pinker|Up and down' is Irish for anything at all--from crying into the dishes to full-blown psychosis. Though, now that I think about, a psychotic is more usually 'not quite herself'.
Barry  Gray, The Revenge of Esther Norman The Complete First Series|There a lot of numbers you are going to pass for your life, Zero- is a born number One- is a lonely number Two- is a number of love Three- is a number of incomplete family  Four- is a number of Family
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|I’m so sorry,” I continue. And it’s like the last word is a hurdle and I can’t leap it, because something in the word snags my voice and suddenly I am giving everything up. I am letting my shoulders fall and I am feeling myself become the absence, feeling myself become that gasp and sob.
Ian Rankin, The Complaints|Time and again, we let the fear of loss overpower rational decision-making and often make ourselves worse off just to avoid a potential loss. Psychologists call this loss aversion, and it means we often tend to prefer avoiding losses at the expense of acquiring gains.
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|On a visit to the space program, President Kennedy asked me about the satellite. I told him that it would be more important than sending a man into space. “Why?” he asked. “Because,” I said, “this satellite will send ideas into space, and ideas last longer than men.
Newton Lee|Thanks is part to our education system, we tend to think that we're smarter than the stupid guys in funny wigs who came before us. But that's because we are mistaking technology, progress, and access to information for intelligence. We think that because we know how to use iPhones (but not build them), browse the Internet (but not understand how it works), and use Google (but not really know anything), our educational system is working just great. By the same token, we think that those dumb aristocrats who used horses to get around and didn't have electricity were neanderthals.
Daniel Marques, The 88 Secret Codes of the Power Elite: The Complete Truth about Making Money with the Law of Attraction and Creating Miracles in Life that is Being Hidden from You with Mind Programming|Whatever you wish for your life will be first felt in your heart, the voice of your spirit
Anita Bartholomew, The Midget's House|It's strange, isn't it, how you never know you're living the best time of your life at the moment you're living it? If you could appreciate, at that instant, that this is it, maybe you'd make certain your mind imprinted every detail of the sights, smells, sounds and sensations.  Then again, maybe knowing that life will only get duller, sadder, less hopeful afterward would inject melancholy into that moment. You'd miss life's peak experience by mourning it before it passes.  So perhaps it's best not to know.
William H. Gass|For me, the short story is not a character sketch, a mouse trap, an epiphany, a slice of suburban life. It is the flowering of a symbol center. It is a poem grafted onto sturdier stock.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|As dull as moon face, never seem to change.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|I can never feel that the Illusion of Life is a truth as long as any illusion reflects unreality; however, even an untruth is a truth in its turn.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Bouchalka was not a reflective person. He had his own idea of what a great prima donna should be like, and he took it for granted that Mme. Garnet corresponded to his conception. The curious thing was that he managed to impress his idea upon Cressida herself. She began to see herself as he saw her, to try to be like the notion of her that he carried everywhere in that pointed head of his. She was exalted quite beyond herself. Things that had been chilled under the grind came to life in her that winter, with the breath of Bouchalka’s adoration. Then, if ever in her life, she heard the bird sing on the branch outside her window; and she wished she were younger, lovelier, freer. She wished there were no Poppas, no Horace, no Garnets. She longed to be only the bewitching creature Bouchalka imagined her.
Richard Dawkins|I work extremely hard to stay positive and happy. But I get sad and anxious, too, just like everyone.
Henry V. O'Neil, Orphan Brigade|The spelunkers of speculative fiction mining phosphorescent filth from the bowels of the city of New Sodom, the Sci-Fi freaks scraping kipple and back from the bins of decades-old shit sandwiches out back, composting it to grow shrooms, we have built this thing to take its 
Sunday Adelaja|As believers, we should make the Kingdom of God visible to the people
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|There is a saying that "paper is more patient than man";it came back to me on one of my slightly melancholy days,while I sat chin in hand,feeling too bored and limp even to make up my mind whether to go out or stay at home. Yes, there is no doubt that paper is patient and as I don't intend to show this cardboard-covered notebook,bearing the proud name of"diary",to anyone,unless I find a real friend,boy or girl,probably nobody cares.And now I come to the root of the matter,the reason for my starting a diary:it is that I have no such real friend. Let me put it more clearly,since no one will believe that a girl of thirteen feels herself quite alone in the world,nor is it so.I have darling parents and a sister of sixteen.I know about thirty people whom one might call friends--I have strings of boy friends,anxious to catch a glimpse of me and who,failing that,peep at me through mirrors in class.I have relations,aunts and uncles,who are darlings too,a good home,no--I don't seem to lack anything.But it's the same with all my friends,just fun and joking,nothing more.I can never bring myself to talk of anything outside the common round.We don't seem to be able to get any closer,that is the root of the trouble.Perhaps I lack confidence,but anyway,there it is,a stubborn fact and I don't seem to be able to do anything about it.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|For a Comfortable Journey of Life,Just Reduce the Luggage of Desires.
Harriet Ann Jacobs|Those who desire to rise as high as our human condition allows, must renounce intellectual pride, the omnipotence of clear thinking, belief in the absolute power of logic.
Carne Ross, The Leaderless Revolution: How Ordinary People Will Take Power and Change Politics in the 21st Century|if people do not have responsibility, do not expect them to behave responsibly.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When exercising gifted will-power, move boldly without hesitation. The reward for such decisiveness is increased confidence in what the heart knows, which the mind does not feel
Caitlyn Paige|An innocent mind is a rarity. Society corrupts us all, even if only a little.
Franz Kafka|One of the first signs of the beginnings of understanding is the wish to die. This life appears unbearable, another unattainable. One is no longer ashamed of wanting to die; one asks to be moved from the old cell, which one hates, to a new one, which one will only in time come to hate.
J.R. Rim|Search for truth, not for meaning. Meaning comes from the perspective of a person who interprets the truth.
Marlon Brando|Can you not see that women could do and would do a hundred times more for the slave, if she were not fettered?
C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe|Jesus embraced His not enough ... He gives thanks ... and there is more than enough. More than enough. Eucharisteo always precedes the miracle. And who doesn't need a miracle like that everyday? Thanksgiving makes time. The real problem of life is never a lack of time. The real problem of life - in my life - is lack of thanksgiving. Thanksgiving creates abundance; and he miracle of multiplying happens when I give thanks - ...it's giving thanks to God for this moment that multiplies the moments, time made enough. I am thank-full. I am time-full. page 72
Katie Mattie, M.A.J.I.C. and the Oracle at Delphi|You have to come downstairs now!" panted Alice."What's wrong?""Everything! Izzy's floating, Melanie ran into the wall, my hand made a silver ball and Colleen smashed my keys though the wall!" Alice huffed."Wait, what? Slow down, I didn't catch a word you said," said Jenn."Come on!
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Maybe it is not the 'mad' people who should be fixed in order to function in our society, but our society that needs to be fixed so that we do not interfere with their function.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Dictionopolis is the place where all the words in the world come from. They're grown right here in our orchards.""I didn't know that words grew on trees," said Milo timidly."Where did you think they grew?" shouted the earl irritably. A small crowd began to gather to see the little boy who didn't know that letters grew on trees."I didn't know they grew at all," admitted Milo even more timidly. Several people shook their heads sadly."Well, money doesn't grow on trees, does it?" demanded the count."I've heard not," said Milo."Then something must. Why not words?" exclaimed the undersecretary triumphantly. The crowd cheered his display of logic and continued about its business.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|All agree that, the first responsibility for the alleviation of poverty and distress and for the care of the victims of the depression rests upon the locality — its individuals, organizations and Government. It rests, first of all, perhaps, upon the private agencies of philanthropy, secondly, other social organizations, and last, but not least, the Church. Yet all agree that to leave to the locality the entire responsibility would result in placing the heaviest burden in most cases upon those who are the least able to bear it. In other words, the communities that have the most difficult problem, like Detroit, would be the communities that would have to bear the heaviest of the burdens. And so the State should step in to equalize the burden by providing for a large portion of the care of the victims of poverty and by providing assistance and guidance for local communities. Above and beyond that duty of the States the national Government has a responsibility.
Azim Premji|The mission statement of the RSC is to foster a constitutionally bound limited government, it's to have a strong national defense, it's to protect private property rights and it's to support American values. That's what the mission statement is. There's nothing in the mission statement about trying to hold leadership accountable.
Laurie Viera Rigler, Confessions of a Jane Austen Addict|There is seldom any rational reason for having regreats about past deeds or events. Because the past does not exist in any other way than in your memory.When you recognise this lack of reality, you can be calm.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|I think it's worth trying to be a mother who delights in who her children are, in their knock-knock jokes and earnest questions. A mother who spends less time obsessing about what will happen, or what has happened, and more time reveling in what is.
Margie Bayer, Goodnight Eleanor|Eva’s chin ticked up. “Are you threatening me, m’lord?”Scoffing, he gave an exaggerated eye roll. “Heaven forbid someone threaten William Wallace’s woman.”Narrowing her eyes, she glared at him for a moment. Even if he’d seen her take the pictures, he wouldn’t have a clue what she was up to. And she’d turned the flash off. He had absolutely no grounds on which to make any accusations. With a dismissive nod she turned her attention back to Christina.“But—” Comyn stepped closer, making the hackles on the back of Eva’s neck stand on end. “One day that big fella will fall out of favor, and then a pretty lassie such as yourself willna be so smug.”“I beg your pardon, Lord Comyn?” Lady Murray threw her shoulders back. “You over inflate your station. Regardless of your noble birth, Miss Eva is the daughter of a knight, and I daresay she ought not be spoken to like a mere commoner.”“Not to worry.” Eva flashed a wry grin. “I am very comfortable being identified as among the loyal servants of Scotland. Unlike some high-ranking gentry present whose questionable actions have proved their very hypocrisy, and their willingness to change allegiances on a whim only to protect their personal wealth.
Michael Mejia|Truth, like a little dog, will always find its way out into the street.
Steve Maraboli|When I am running I inhabit and exit my body in the same moment. I bear witness to the harshest of physical sensations, even while I feel myself flying free and away. I do not want to remember what has happened to me. I do not want to reflect on the past. I can't in a way. I'm not made for regrets.
Alfred Bester|But in Christianity, by contrast, the freedom of the children of God was also freedom from all important worldly interests, from all art and science, etc.
John Adams|Burning the flag is a form of expression. Speech doesn't just mean written words or oral words. It could be semaphore. And burning a flag is a symbol that expresses an idea - I hate the government, the government is unjust, whatever.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Talking to oneself is a recognized means to learn, in fact, self-speak may be the seed concept behind human consciousness. Private conversation that we hold with ourselves might represent the preeminent means to provoke the speaker into thinking (a form of cognitive auto-stimulation), modify behavior, and perhaps even amend the functional architecture of the plastic human brain. Writing out our private talks with oneself enables a person to “see” what they think, a process that invites reflection, ongoing thoughtful discourse with the self, and refinement of our thinking patterns and beliefs. Internal sotto voice conversations with our private-self provide several advantages, but most people find it difficult to maintain self-speak for an extended period. Internal dialogue must compete with external distractions. Writing allows a person to resume a personal dialogue where they left off before interrupted by outside stimuli. A written disquisition also provides a permanent record that a person can examine, amend, supplement, update, or reject.
Ron Brackin|Indentured servitude is banned, but what about students seeking to sell shares of their future earnings in exchange for money up front to pay for their college tuitions?
John Davies of Hereford|I would like to coin the phrase alimentary theology, a theology that is more attentive to and welcoming of the multiple layers contained and implied in the making of theology. This is a theology that not only pays closer attention to matters related to food and nourishment, and the many ways they can relate, inspire, and inform theological reflection. Most importantly, it is an envisioning of theology as nourishment: food as theology and theology as food. Alimentary theology is envisioned as food for thought; it addresses some of the spiritual and physical hungers of the world, and seeks ways of bringing about nourishment.
Machado de Assis, Memórias Póstumas de Brás Cubas|I am beginning to be sorry that I ever undertook to write this book. Not that it bores me; I have nothing else to do; indeed, it is a welcome distraction from eternity. But the book is tedious, it smells of the tomb, it has a rigor mortis about it; a serious fault, and yet a relatively small one, for the great defect of this book is you, reader. You want to live fast, to get to the end, and the book ambles along slowly; you like straight, solid narrative and a smooth style, but this book and my style are like a pair of drunks; they stagger to the right and to the left, they start and they stop, they mutter, they roar, they guffaw, they threaten the sky, they slip and fall...And fall! Unhappy leaves of my cypress tree, you had to fall, like everything else that is lovely and beautiful; if I had eyes, I would shed a tear of remembrance for you. And this is the great advantage in being dead, that if you have no mouth with which to laugh, neither have you eyes with which to cry.
Raphael Zernoff|When we understand who we are, and how our realities work, we can choose more consciously to shape our lives in an optimal way. Knowledge of oneself is the very key to a happy life. Happiness is not something outside of our own consciousness that needs to be earned, and achieved. It is a choice that needs to be supported by positive actions. It is not enough to say that we want to be happy. Our desire of happiness, love and peace, needs to be supported by our state of being.
Edward Snowden|Every time you pass a law, it is a little bite out of freedom.
Jeanette Coron|When nothing worked, he decided the least he could do was pick the yam bits out of his beard. But even the proved fruitless since the bits seemed to find their way into the deepest recesses of the beard, and the just small enough boy quickly grew squeamish. Judge if you must, but if you've ever had to pick yam bits out of an old man's bushy beard, I'm sure you'd forgive him.
Jay Woodman|The soul accepts the mystery within and all around, immersing itself in it, celebrating it.
Tanith Lee, The Silver Metal Lover|I'm not very good at being alive. Sometimes I despair of ever mastering it, getting it right. When I'm old, perhaps.
Mamie Gummer|I love to make songs out of some of those shadows - you know, some of the things you lie awake thinking about, social anxieties and romantic insecurities and all that stuff.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Our pleasures are not material pleasures, but symbols of pleasure – attractively packaged but inferior in content.
Nora Roberts, Vision in White|If it winds up earlier, you should have a movie picked out. This is assuming she isn’t sending you the ‘let’s go back to my place’ signals. In that case—”“Don’t go there, Bob. Let’s just not go there.
Ana Monnar|Good thing I'm aging, otherwise I'd be dead.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Freedom is essential to the pursuit of happiness. Freedom is essential to artistic evolution and expression. Freedom is essential to the expansion of the human mind. Freedom is essential to the development and application of basic humanitarianism.Freedom is essential to the creation of an individual's will, motivations, preferences, and unique talents. In essence, freedom is essential to the success and progress of humanity.
Gil Penchina|The Eyemo was heavy and could be noisy. Once, I was in an auditorium filming a speech made by Goebbels when, suddenly, it decided to emit a huge snarling sound. Goebbels froze, and hundreds of uniformed Brownshirts turned and glared at me in anger. It was not a comfortable moment.
Margaret Atwood, Wilderness Tips|[I]n spite of her work as a reference librarian, she discovered that life isn't about knowing all the answers. The best we can do is make peace with our questions, learn who we are, know our strengths, and do the best we can with the gifts we've been given while we're here.
Susan Dexter|All this blackness was within him, but that was where it really mattered. It was night without moon or stars, it was a doorless pit in the earth's bowels, it was forever. He felt black ice growing, blooming in his veins. One last sharp feeling was left to him--the bitter taste of failure. Then that went too. All was nothing. Cold and everlasting night, and an everlasting laughter that was older and colder than the stars he would never see again. His heart squirmed wildly in his chest, seeking an escape that was denied it. Laughter like a glacier came again, rolling and crushing all else before it. A bird sang.
Jonah Berger, Contagious: Why Things Catch On|People want to do business with you because of 'who you are' and 'what you stand for'... not because of 'what you do'."Create your story... publish it online and make sure people will find you when they Google you.
Lady Gaga|My dad was fiscally conservative, and I was influenced by that. He didn't believe in spending more than you had because it gets you into trouble.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|No matter what your origin or beliefs, rather adolescent or full grown. Thoughts are scribed in pencil but actions are carved in stone
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|Further, the same Arguments which explode the Notion of Luck, may, on the other side, be useful in some Cases to establish a due comparison between Chance and Design: We may imagine Chance and Design to be, as it were, in Competition with each other, for the production of some sorts of Events, and many calculate what Probability there is, that those Events should be rather be owing to the one than to the other.
Richelle Mead|There's something weird about that guy," she whispers as she slips into the car, bringing an unexpected smile to my face.Ah, Ariel. Some might say she has poor taste, but I cant help but be flat
Jami Gertz|The biggest mistakes, early on, involved foreign policy and involved the strategy for health care.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For an incurious person, an open door will be no different than a wall!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can't stop satan from doing his job; his job is to steal, kill and destroy but don't let him stop you from doing your own job; and your job is to bind and lose his stronghold. His job is to destroy you and your job is to destroy him too. Cast him out.
James Hannah|It doesn't mean I'm not thinking it. I always feel a bit defeated when I have to follow up with "I love you too". It's like the sequel to a film: I Love You and I Love You Too. You know the second one's always going to be a predictable reworking of the first.
Ben Goldacre, Bad Science: Quacks, Hacks, and Big Pharma Flacks|And if, by the end [of this book], you reckon you might still disagree with me, then I offer you this: you'll still be wrong, but you'll be wrong with a lot more panache and flair than you could possibly manage right now.
Elizabeth Banks|Editorial imagery licensing includes celebrity, entertainment, sports, and news images that capture what is happening in the world around us.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I felt a haunting loneliness sometimes, and felt it in others--young clerks in the dusk, wasting the most poignant moments of night and life.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|We are the reflections for the stars to gaze upon, upon a sea of glass.
Eazy-E|'The Blair Witch Project' is great for motion sickness. The first time you see it, it is extremely creepy. The first time I saw it, I saw it on a bootleg tape on a tour bus before it had even come out. It was one of the first movies I'd seen like that. I didn't even realize it was a damn movie!
Kaitlyn Oruska, The Consequences of Forever|If nothing lasts forever, then I am forever nothing.
Jonathan Carroll, A Child Across the Sky|Time talks behind our back. To our face it's friendly and logical, never hesitating to give more of itself. But when we're not looking, it steals our lives and says bad things about us to the parts of us it's stolen
Charlotte Munro, Grey October|East Hollow is full of tormented souls.’ I remark, only to hear his chuckle, his eyes moving forward just in time to step out of the way of a wayward man with armfuls of carrier bags.‘Now that is the attraction.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|The individual seeks out the heat of the crowd, in this century, to protect himself against the cold emanating from the corpse of the world.
Christopher Huh, Keeping My Hope|The trick to realize that the boys who talk so much about being rejected that it seems like the’re proud of it aren’t necessarily sweeter or more sensitive than the Bababooey-spouting frat bullies who line up at clubs like SkyBar to run game on girls they want to date rape. There are plenty of nerds who fear women and aren’t sensitive, despite their marketing; they just dislike women in a new, exciting way. Timid racists aren’t sensitive because they lock their car doors when they see a black person on the street. They’re just too scared to get out of the car and shout the “N” word. Fear can be the result of admiration, or it can be a symptom of contempt. When I see squeamish guys passing over qualified women when they’re hiring for a job, or becoming tongue tied when a girl crashes their all-boy conversation at a party, I don’t give them credit for being awestruck. They’re reacting to the intimidating female as an intruder, an alien, and somebody they can’t relate to. It’s not a compliment to be made invisible.
Stewart Stafford|You can’t manage time. You can only manage your life. You can’t strategically plan time, you can only plan your life.
Basil Pearl|Never discount good intentions, for good intentions may be all one has to offer. - Eilish in "No-Till" by Basil Pearl.
Anna North, The Life and Death of Sophie Stark|Demons... they don't just waltz into your life and take over for no reason," she said, her voice going soft again. "They might knock on the door, but ultimately, you have to be the one to invite them in.
Linda Tucker, Mystery Of The White Lions: Children Of The Sun God|Our route toward spiritual evolution is radiantly clear. We all have our own unique individual journey to walk toward enlightenment. Living on the brink of evolutionary change means that new ground is being broken and new consciousness is being raised. Truth is of the essence – we have no dogma, no set formula, no prescribed rules, no false standards to follow. All we have is the truth within our souls. I believe most of us want to follow the light, the path of healing and not destroying our earth, but we don't have the courage, the lion heart, to follow our individual truth toward enlightenment. Giving in to our fears, we bury our “gold” beneath the false value systems of our societies, and we attempt to comfort ourselves with the notion that we have no power or responsibility for what is happening to our world. The reality is that, potentially, we all have the power of light – the White Lion – within us. The very first step is to overcome our fears. Thereafter, our hearts will lead the way.
Joseph M. Luguya|I don’t much care for all this talk of God washing away all my dirt. I like a bit of grit around the edges. It gives me character and does a passable job of faking depth, from a distance.
Clay Shirky, Cognitive Surplus: Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age|One of the most dangerous of literary ventures is the little, shy, unimportant heroine whom none of the other characters value. The danger is that your readers may agree with the other characters.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|There is only one way to fight, and that's dirty. Clean gentlemanly fighting will get you nowhere but dead, and fast. Take every cheap shot, every low blow, absolutely kick people when they're down, and maybe you'll be the one who walks away.
Katrina Kaif|Nothing can be compared to the great beauty and capabilities of a soul; however keen our intellects may be, they are as unable to comprehend them as to comprehend God, for, as He has told us, He created us in His own image and likeness.
Diana Gabaldon, Drums of Autumn|I've seen women-and men too, sometimes-as canna bear the sound of their own thoughts, and they maybe dinna make such good matches with those who can.
Amanda Lance, Endangered Hearts|How do they find out with the experiments?''...one way they can find out a whole lot is to make an animal ill and then try different ways to make it better until they find one that works.''But isn't that unkind to the animal?''Well, I suppose it is...but I mean, there isn't a dad anywhere who would hesitate, is there, if he knew it was going to make [his child] better? It's changed the whole world during the last hundred years, and that's no exaggeration.
Farshad Asl|I rarely interacted much with anyone back then who wasn't retarded. When I did, it struck me how pompous and impatient they were, always measuring their words, twisting things around. Everybody was so obsessed with being understood. It made me sick.
John Brunner, The Crucible of Time|You will die, and I, and all we can create—why not a city? But if there is one thing that deserves to be immortal, it is knowledge.
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|Damn it, I should be the only one allowed to drool over him. I found him first! Or something not as stupid.
Arlene J. Chai|Fate, no doubt, had a hand in it.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|I knew it was going to hurt. No one sends such a long text, using so many words just to say "I love you.
Stephan Pastis|Maybe the bar is low, but most of the strips that are 50, 60, 70 years old that are on their second or third generation of artists, the humor is pretty bland. There are others by people that were raised on 'Family Guy' or 'South Park' that are edgier. Mine's not as edgy as those, but it's edgier than 'Beetle Bailey.'
Dada Bhagwan|Why is there inner burning [antar daah, inner suffering] present? Inner Burning [Antardaah] is not dependent/based on merit or demerit karma (paap-punya). Inner Burning [Inner suffering] is indeed present in both suffering producing karmas, unpleasant (ashata vedaniya) as well as pleasant (shata vedaniya). Inner Burning [Inner suffering] is dependent upon the wrong belief.
Pink|When I was a teeny little girl, I was in dancing school, and I sang. We had to put a dance to a song, so I went to the 10-cent store one day and looked at all the sheet music. It was all laid out, and I picked 'Life Is Just a Bowl of Cherries.'
Phoebe Rusch|After writing the letter Sybil lost almost two days. "Coming to," she stumbled across what she had written just before she had dissociated and wrote to Dr. Wilbur as follows: It's just so hard to have to feel, believe, and admit that I do not have conscious control over my selves. It is so much more threatening to have something out of hand than to believe that at any moment I can stop (I started to say "This foolishness") any time I need to. When I wrote the previous letter, I had made up my mind I would show you how I could be very composed and cool and not need to ask you to listen to me nor to explain anything to me nor need any help. By telling you that all this about the multiple personalities was not really true I could show, or so I thought, that I did not need you. Well, it would be easier if it were put on. But the only ruse of which I'm guilty is to have pretended for so long before coming to you that nothing was wrong. Pretending that the personalities did not exist has now caused me to lose about two days.
Debasish Mridha|Everything has a consciousness. Every atom and molecule is conscious. Every virus and bacteria is conscious. Every tree, large and small animals are conscious, but each level of consciousness is different. All humans are conscious; the level of consciousness among humans also differs.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|Doubt is the ally of hope, not its enemy, and together they made all the blessing he had.
Tacitus|The fear of the never-ending onslaught of gizmos and gadgets is nothing new. The radio, the telephone, Facebook - each of these inventions changed the world. Each of them scared the heck out of an older generation. And each of them was invented by people who were in their 20s.
Yana Toboso, Black Butler, Vol. 3|Even though I dislike being kicked by others, I do enjoy the feeling of kicking others
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|What fun it would be," he thought, "if one didn't have to think about happiness!
Rin Chupeco, The Bone Witch|There are many fishes in the sea and then there are a few beautiful swishy mermaids. Me?! No, I'm not the fish not even the mermaid, I don't belong to the sea. I am the Ocean! At a horizon far far away I'm a whirlpool of a storm rising and chasing, twirling and dancing to my own tunes and at another all calm serene still and silent, I am the ocean! limitless boundless infinite and as beautiful as I may seem from the outside, I have life within!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Increase in faith, fade any fears.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|A warrior fears the battle he missed. More than any fight he can make his own, he fears the fight that’s gone, that ended without him, that no feat of arms can change.
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|And so there is no reason for you to think that any man has lived long because he has grey hairs or wrinkles, he has not lived long – he has existed long. For what if you should think that man had had a long voyage who had been caught by a fierce storm as soon as he left harbour, and, swept hither and thither by a succession of winds that raged from different quarters, had been driven in a circle around the same course? Not much voyaging did he have, but much tossing about.
MaryElizabeth Williams|The common mistake that bullies make is assuming that because someone is nice that he or she is weak. Those traits have nothing to do with each other. In fact, it takes considerable strength and character to be a good person.
H.Q. Frost|It's fiction, the improbable is very probable in my worlds
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Alcohol, taken in sufficient quantities, may produce all the effects of drunkenness.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|This vacillation between assertion and denial in discussions about organised abuse can be understood as functional, in that it serves to contain the traumatic kernel at the heart of allegations of organised abuse. In his influential ‘just world’ theory, Lerner (1980) argued that emotional wellbeing is predicated on the assumption that the world is an orderly, predictable and just place in which people get what they deserve. Whilst such assumptions are objectively false, Lerner argued that individuals have considerable investment in maintaining them since they are conducive to feelings of self—efficacy and trust in others. When they encounter evidence contradicting the view that the world is just, individuals are motivated to defend this belief either by helping the victim (and thus restoring a sense of justice) or by persuading themselves that no injustice has occurred. Lerner (1980) focused on the ways in which the ‘just world’ fallacy motivates victim-blaming, but there are other defences available to bystanders who seek to dispel troubling knowledge. Organised abuse highlights the severity of sexual violence in the lives of some children and the desire of some adults to inflict considerable, and sometimes irreversible, harm upon the powerless. Such knowledge is so toxic to common presumptions about the orderly nature of society, and the generally benevolent motivations of others, that it seems as though a defensive scaffold of disbelief, minimisation and scorn has been erected to inhibit a full understanding of organised abuse. Despite these efforts, there has been a recent resurgence of interest in organised abuse and particularly ritualistic abuse (eg Sachs and Galton 2008, Epstein et al. 2011, Miller 2012).
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|When you make a deliberate effort to keep your thoughts positive, and authentically feel that way, more positive outcomes are inevitable.
Katherine Mansfield|I can never be perfectly certain whether Helen was got with child by Leonard Bast or by his fatal forgotten umbrella. All things considered, I think it must have been the umbrella.
Sam J. Miller, The Art of Starving|Coz," he said. "You really must learn to shut your mouth from time to time. You'll taste less shoe letter.
Ralph Nader|In Copenhagen, we all ride bicycles everywhere, partly because it is impossible to park a car, but also because you can cross the city in 20 minutes on a bike.
Tracy March, Could've Said Yes|Collin’s playful look turned serious, and he stood, took Ellie’s hand, and eased her up to join him. He pulled her into his arms, pressed her close against his hard body, and swayed to the music. Combing his fingers through her hair, he swept it away from her ear, and whispered huskily, “This feels right.
Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved|Quite alone. No voice, no touch, no hand....How long must I lie here? For ever? No, only for a couple of hundred years this time, miss....
Brian Fies|All i have to offer is this: i hold a valid driver's license and I know the way to the hospital. I can hang curtains, flip a mattress, load a dishwasher. I can deliver a pizza, lend a steadying arm, laugh at a morbid joke and compliment a bad wig and I know the metric system. I doubt that's gonna be enough.
|We have to learn to appreciate the things that help put foods on our tables. They don't have to be our dream jobs, but we must at least be grateful that we have something to rely on. We live in an imperfect world; so we have to learn how to make the very best out of it.
Matthew West|I love you more than the sun and the stars that i taught﻿ how to shine... You are mine, and you shine for me too I love you yesterday and today And tomorrow, I'll say it again..... I love you more......
Rahma Krambo, Guardian Cats and the Lost Books of Alexandria|...if you've never been cussed out by a Siamese, you don't know what profanity is all about!
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|We’re all blurry-eyed wanderers of time, and the unfortunance of it all is that we’d probably all go on to do great things if only we searched for what corrected and focused our vision instead of relying on our past – life’s grand kaleidoscope – to help us find our way forward.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|ARE YOU LIVING THE LIFE THAT YOUR MAKER INTENDED? Does your life lack the flavor, the crackle, the intensity you've hoped for?Daily, we find ourselves bombarded by a thousand recommendations for extending the duration of our lives - exercise three times weekly! smoke in moderation! exchange sugar for saccharine! - but the truth is that time does not gain value by accruing. Time acquires value by being "spent," and spent freely. The longest life is not always the best one; in the marjority of cases, just the opposite. If you are, in fact, living the life that your maker intended - it may be time to seek another maker.
R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before|The thoughts of all men arise from the darkness. If you are the movement of your soul, and the cause of that movement precedes you, then how could you ever call your thoughts your own? How could you be anything other than a slave to the darkness that comes before?
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|A man doesn't grow old because he has lived a certain number of years. A man grows old when he deserts his ideal. The years may wrinkle his skin, but deserting his ideal wrinkles his soul.
Ben H. Winters, Underground Airlines|I do not think I was a hothead—not then and not now. I thought I was right. I had read the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bible. Segregation seemed evil from the time I was a boy. Slavery is an abomination on the American soul, ineradicable stain on our body politic. But Penn Center lit a fire that has never gone out, and the election of President Barack Obama was one of the happiest days of my life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter what happens to us, as long as we have hope, we shall recover.
Mikhail Bulgakov|What point is there in dying in a ward, listening to the moans and rasps of the terminally ill? Wouldn't it be better to spend the twenty-seven thousand on a banquet, then, after taking poison, depart for the other world to the sound of violins, surrounded by intoxicated beautiful women and dashing friends?
C.J. Redwine, Defiance|I love how you still think if you tell me to do something, I'll just check my brain at the door and do it.
Lisa Shearin, The Grendel Affair|And why does Father want me out there?You do know it’s a myth what they say about virgin sacrifices and dragons,yes?”“Of course I know that,” he snapped in such a way that Dagmar knewhe believed the myth to be true. “And after them three marriages, you ain’tmuch of a virgin yourself, now is ya?”“Those last two barely counted.
Mark Caldwell Jones, Opal Summerfield and The Battle of Fallmoon Gap|Focusing on what I want, and what I need to do to get it, seems like such a small change in mindset, but it’s made a huge difference. I feel almost … invincible.~ Toby Faye
Habeeb Akande|A successful man is like a bottle of wine, just gets better with age.
Rodney Dangerfield|All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.
Michael Bassey Johnson|It is for your own good to love a dare-devil rather than a holy coward. A dare-devil is a unique devil, battling your fears, your pains, conquering your uncertainties, carrying you his arms, and flying out of the corrosive fire. The coward is a trickster serpent, which vanishes in your time of despair, and appears in time of equanimity.
Quentin R. Bufogle, Horse Latitudes|A little stupid is like a little forest fire. If you happen upon some stupid, please stomp it out before it spreads.
Frank Delaney|For most of us, wisdom is acquired in the thicket of experience and usually meets us somewhere along the way if we live long enough. But sooner is better than later.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You must walk on water, especially if you don’t know how to swim.
Henry Johnson Jr|Beauty fades, but knowledge is eternal
Der Ling, Two Years in the Forbidden City|Her Majesty to the theatre. The performance took place on a stage erected in the courtyard, and Her Majesty closed in one part of her veranda for the use of the guests and Court ladies. During the performance I began to feel very drowsy, and eventually fell fast asleep leaning against one of the pillars. I awoke rather suddenly to find that something had been dropped into my mouth, but on investigation I found it was nothing worse than a piece of candy, which I immediately proceeded to eat. On approaching Her Majesty, she asked me how I had enjoyed the candy, and told me not to sleep, but to have a good time like the rest. I never saw Her Majesty in better humor. She played with us just like a young girl, and one could hardly recognize in her the severe Empress Dowager we knew her to be.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|I understand Medicine, Forensics... I can learn it in the frame of 1-2 years... No Problem in that.
Anne Sexton, Transformations|I was in misery, and misery is the state of every soul overcome by friendship with mortal things and lacerated when they are lost. Then the soul becomes aware of the misery which is its actual condition even before it loses them.
George MacDonald, Robert Falconer|For others, as for ourselves, we must trust him. If we could thoroughly understand anything, that would be enough to prove it undivine; and that which is but one step beyond our understanding must be in some of its relations as mysterious as if it were a hundred.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Heaven is not in the sky, but it is in your blissful mind.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Shores of Forever|Lord Tierney was furious. But when he saw how his sister had suffered, his anger shifted instead toward Rome. “If it weren’t for this new menace on the horizon,” he thundered, “I’d declare war on those haughty deceivers this instant!”Marcus stepped forward. “Kyrie, I don’t think—"“Then don’t!
Amen Muffler|If an artist is not only he who sings or paints, but he who express himself by words or drawing then I can consider myself as one.
Robert Graves, Conversations with Robert Graves|Winning without honor, is worse than a resounding defeat.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|It all goes so fast, and character makes the difference when it's close.
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|Fundamentally, leadership is more about the future, but starts at today.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|I hate the thought of her being forced into a box that doesn't fit her. Of having her wings cut off, her sight blinded, her hearing muted, her voice stilled.
Amy Lane, Truth in the Dark|My goal in going public was not to put my extended family to shame, or to get back at Brian for abusing my sister and me; rather, my mission was to give a face and voice to an epidemic that society stays hushed about.
Richie Norton|I'm always amazed that people will stand around books for hours and only look at the spine. I think I should write a book called "the power of having a spine" - #metaphor
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Pleasure cannot be shared; like Pain, it can only be experienced or inflicted, and when we give Pleasure to our Lovers or bestow Charity upon the Needy, we do so, not to gratify the object of our Benevolence, but only ourselves. For the Truth is that we are kind for the same reason as we are cruel, in order that we may enhance the sense of our own Power....
Joe Nichols|People have called me Superman my whole life. In various sports, that seems to be the common theme. My favorite superhero is actually the Incredible Hulk. He's the only superhero that can't die.
Claron McFadden|I travel with a bunch of battery packs because I don't always have time to charge my phone at the hotel room when I'm traveling. I always change them, so I never run out of battery.
Jacobus Koelman|My child, may you live happily forever. May you experience great success and happiness in life! But you will never be able to experience bliss. For, the one who sins cannot attain bliss, he might get everything in his life but not bliss ~ Gayatri Kashyap
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|Every girl who aspires ultimately to outfit her own home should assemble a library on architectural styles and on furniture both traditional and modern. As few brides can buy expensively illustrated volumes and household equipment simultaneously, a girl should begin asking parents for books early in life, probably while still in the primary grades...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|If you have ever experienced this type of unprofessional treatment, I doubt you would even consider giving them business in the future. Interrupting, ignoring, patronizing, or antagonizing a customer is like pouring gas on a fire and creates a more explosive situation than the original complaint. Still, it continues to happen every day, costing companies millions in lost revenue.
Lupita Nyong'o|When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|I am not a Federalist,” he declared in 1789, “because I never submitted the whole system of my opinions to the creed of any party of men whatever.… If I could not go to heaven but with a party, I would not go there at all.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The Chinese are not programmed to make decisions quickly, and attempts to force them to do so, wittingly or unwittingly, invariably backfire. Instead, they view things from all angles, over and over again, and while doing so make judgments about the sincerity and trustworthiness of the people they are dealing with. The more impatience Westerners demonstrate, the less trustworthy they are judged to be.
Ryū Murakami, Audition|To distort our faces with joy, or wail and weep with sorrow, or collapse in agony, or wallow in sentimentality – wasn’t an inviolable human trait but something we can lose simply by leading dull and dreary lives. ‘A rich emotional life,’ she’d written, ‘is a privilege reserved only for the daring few’.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him participate in synchronized diving.
Margee Kerr|There, an engaging tour guide told jokes and made witty quips in between sensationalized and brutal stories of inmates "getting what they deserved" because, as she put it, "if you gonna act like an animal, you gonna get treated like one." (We know, thanks to Goffman and pretty much every behavior study out there, that it often works the other way around.)
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Counting by 7s|Dysphagia is the medical term for not being able to swallow, and I know that there are two kinds of dysphagia: oropharyngeal and esophageal. But maybe there is also a third kind of dysphagia that comes when your heart breaks into pieces. I can't swallow because I have that kind.
Louis L'Amour, The Daybreakers|Forgive me, O Heavenly Father, according to the multitude of Thy mercies. I have lusted in my heart to break a man's skull and scatter the stench of his brains across several people's back yards.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|In 1916, Infants' and Children's Wear Review insisted upon pink for boys and blue for girls. In 1939, Parents magazine claimed that pink was a good color for boys because it was a pale version of red, which was the color of Mars, the war god. Blue was good for girls because it was the color of Venus, and of the Virgin Mary. So, pink for girls is a relatively recent trend, and utterly random.
Annemarie Schwarzenbach, All the Roads Are Open: The Afghan Journey|The simultaneity of near and far confused me; I thought it possible to find the past, the present and the future united in one place, giving it all that life can hold; but I had grave doubts that at any given moment life might reign both here and there, on this side and that side of the seas and mountains. And such doubts, demanding resolution, may have inspired earliest journeys: I went forth, not to learn what fear was but to test what the names held and feel their magic in the flesh, just as, at the open window, you feel the miraculous power of the sun you'd long seen reflected on distant hills and spread on dewy meadows.
Alan Forrest Smith, Escape From Zoomanity|it takes something more than guts to make a stand for what you know is right. It takes an inner, unbreakable belief of self that cannot be broken, shaken or snapped by anything or anyone. This is what zoomanity despises …
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Long-term goals provide focus, but inspiration comes from the accomplishment of short-term goals.
Christopher  Dutton|Wealth is neither an ends nor a means, it is a symptom.
Mehmet Murat ildan|People bond themselves into families and groups for protection, and strangers...strangers are always at risk.
John Marsden, So Much to Tell You|My heart keeps begging me for a reason to keep beating, but I'm running out of lies to tell it
Fakeer Ishavardas|Remember, you are as dispensable as the most indispensable king of kings, the mighty lord of silly worldly men.
Kazuo Ishiguro, An Artist of the Floating World|If Mr. Thornton was a fool in the morning, as he assured himself at least twenty times he was, he did not grow much wiser in that afternoon. All that he gained in return for his sixpenny omnibus ride, was a more vivid conviction that there never was, never could be, any one like Margaret; that she did not love him and never would; but that she — no! nor the whole world — should never hinder him from loving her.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|We feel a deep pleasure from realizing that we believe something in common with our friends, and different from most people. We feel an even deeper pleasure letting everyone know of this fact. This feeling is EVIL. Learn to see it in yourself, and then learn to be horrified by how thoroughly it can poison your mind. Yes evidence may at times force you to disagree with a majority, and your friends may have correlated exposure to that evidence, but take no pleasure when you and your associates disagree with others; that is the road to rationality ruin.
Gary Ponzo, A Touch of Deceit|No matter how fierce the enemy seems--when fear cripples us, anger enrages us, or selfishness possesses us; when adversity crushes us, opposition hounds us, or temptation plagues us--God is greater.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|Just like becoming an expert in wine–you learn by drinking it, the best you can afford–you learn about great food by finding the best there is, whether simply or luxurious. The you savor it, analyze it, and discuss it with your companions, and you compare it with other experiences.
Khaled Hosseini|If there was a God, he'd guide the winds, let them blow for me so that, with a tug of my string, I'd cut loose my pain, my longing.
Barry D. Adam, The Rise of a Gay and Lesbian Movement|I know I will never be happy, but I know I can be gay!
kchaou mouna|a human body has a machine which he uses , so learn more about how this machine works to get the best result .
Lisa Kleypas, Cold-Hearted Rake|I’m going to take Charity to France. I can look after her there. You can go on with your life here, and I won’t be here to … to bother anyone.”He muttered two quiet words.“What?” she asked in bewilderment, inching forward to hea
Pope Benedict XVI, Sacramentum Caritatis: On the Eucharist as the Source and Summit of the Church's Life and Mission|The aim of all Christian education, moreover, is to train the believer in an adult faith that can make him a "new creation", capable of bearing witness in his surroundings to the Christian hope that inspires him.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|More than anything, he wanted to return to the house with the same look of peace that he'd seen on Pastor Harris's face, but he trudged through the sand, he couldn't help feeling like an amateur, someone searching for God's truths like a child searching for seashells.
Jeremy Scott|A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage.
Marina Tsvetaeva, Letters, Summer 1926|At length the Lady Galadriel released them from her eyes, and she smiled. ‘Do not let your hearts be troubled,’ she said. ‘Tonight you shall sleep in peace.’ Then they sighed and felt suddenly weary, as those who have been questioned long and deeply, though no words had been spoken openly.
Lisa Kogan|I believe in love. I believe it transforms, transports, and transcends. I believe it fine-tunes goodness, solidifies strength, ripens resolve, eradicates rage, alleviates stress, and elevates empathy.
J.C. Joranco, Say It Ain't So|Thomas tilted his head towards me. "Don't mind him, he's drunk.""Does he work for you?" I asked him. "Who, Rick? No no no. Really though, he's a fine gentleman, if you speak to him while you're heavily intoxicated. You have to be brought down to HIS level of intelligence in order to properly communicate with him, you see." Thomas said.
Anne Hathaway|Americans are cool; if you show just a chink of vulnerability, they respond so much. They'll pat you on the arm and say, 'Hey kid, you're all right.' Brits will respond but they are much more cynical.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Ask [God] to help you reflect Christ as you grow older, instead of turning sour or grumpy.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|She's magic, Cassandra. A single flower blooming in an endless desert.
Cecil Day-Lewis|It is eighteen years ago, almost to the day-A sunny day with the leaves just turning,The touch-lines new-ruled - since I watched you playYour first game of fotball, then, like a satelliteWrenched from its orbit, go drifting awayBehind a scatter of boys. I can seeYou walking away from me towards the schoolwith the pathos of a half-fledged thing set freeInto a wilderness, the gait of oneWho finds no path where the path should be.That hesitant figure, eddying awayLike a winged seed loosened from its parent stem,Has something I never quite grasp to conveyAbout nature's give-and-take - the small, the scorchingOrdeals which fire one's irresolute clay.I had worse partings, but none that soGnaws at my mind still. Perhaps it is roughlySaying what God alone could perfectly show-How selfhood begins with a walking away,And love proved in the letting go.
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|It was the economy that troubled most people prior to World War II. Europe, especially Germany, was dealing with a deep worldwide depression. Fascism was gaining a stronghold in Germany as well as in many other European countries. Although small and generally not popular, the Communist Party was the only organized group to stand in opposition to the Nazis. Small bands of these Communists occasionally attempted to disrupt the government by rioting in the streets. Occasionally gunfire would be heard, but very little could be done about it by a people that did not want to get involved. Hitler’s “Brown Shirts” were rapidly solidifying their position, and the Nazi Party was becoming stronger. Even though they frequently violated the National Constitution, they brought order to what had been chaos. The Treaty of Versailles, enacted after World War I, was hated by the German people, who felt that it suppressed them in a most demeaning way. However now Hitler was putting people to work building cars and an autobahn highway system that connected the larger cities. Modernization of airports and the development of a national railroad were all in violation of the imposed international regulations. Workers were again bringing paychecks home and could once more feed their families. Therefore, little thought was given to Hitler’s power grab. Germany was emerging from the dark era following World War I, and things were getting better. The Vaterland was regaining its strength, without regard to what France and other European countries thought.... After all, what could they, or would they, do about it?
Sam Taylor-Johnson|'The Handmaid's Tale' is a human story, and women's rights are human rights, and it's all about equality, but at the end of the day, it's not equal.
Criss Jami, Healology|Naturally, I always place my word over anyone else's simply because I know why I said what I said.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Money is ego, and people won't give it up. Just want to protect themselves, hold onto it like a blanket. They don't realize it makes them slaves. It's sick.
Benjamin Banneker|Jesus did not spend a great deal of time discoursing about the trinity or original sin or the incarnation, which have preoccupied later Christians. He went around doing good and being compassionate.
Ryan Quinn, The Fall|But that's life. That's your education. A series of opportunities and missed opportunities. Exams and grades and blue books and blue balls and majors and minors and liberal arts and liberal minds. The scam of it is, no matter how much you paid or how far you traveled, everybody's receipt says pretty much the same damn thing. BA, MBA, JD, PhD, MA, BS.BS. That's all it is, right?
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway. If you don't try, you save nothing, because you might as well be dead.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Mrs. Tuesday's Departure|I'm not supposed to miss you, I'm not supposed to care
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|If your parents left you, it doesn’t mean that other people will also do it to you.
Jane Austen|Have you any other objection than your belief of my indifference?"- Elizabeth Bennet
Tyga|Tolerance, like any aspect of peace, is forever a work in progress, never completed, and, if we're as intelligent as we like to think we are, never abandoned.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Dream big dreams,because little dreams have no magic.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|I wanted to travel from the beginning. As a kid, I used to dream about airplanes, before I ever flew in one.
Thomas C. Oden, The Transforming Power of Grace|If God absolutely and pretemporally decrees that particular persons shall be saved and others damned, apart from any cooperation of human freedom, then God cannot in any sense intend that all shall be saved, as 1 Timothy 4:10 declares. The promise of glory is conditional on grace being received by faith active in love.
Fredric Brown, Letter to a Phoenix|Fortunately, I have forgotten most of the things that have happened to me. Fortunately, the mind has a limited capacity for remembering. It would be horrible if I remembered the details of a hundred and eighty thousand years—the details of four thousand lifetimes that I have lived since the first great atomic war.
CrimethInc., Work: Capitalism. Economics. Resistance|Jelly beans! Millions and billions of purples and yellows and greens and licorice and grape and raspberry and mint and round and smooth and crunchy outside and soft-mealy inside and sugary and bouncing jouncing tumbling clittering clattering skittering fell on the heads and shoulders and hardhats and carapaces of the Timkin works, tinkling on the slidewalk and bouncing away and rolling about underfoot and filling the sky on their way down with all the colors of joy and childhood and holidays, coming down in a steady rain, a solid wash, a torrent of color and sweetness out of the sky from above, and entering a universe of sanity and metronomic order with quite-mad coocoo newness. Jelly beans!
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|Levi watched her carefully again, his gaze roaming over her face, as if he was trying to see into her mind. "You're not lying. Why are you doing this?""Because if I try to shut you out you'll cause me more problems than I want to deal with. And I don't want to kill you.
Abraham Lincoln|But when the group is literally capable of changing our perceptions, and when to stand alone is to activate primitive, powerful, and unconscious feelings of rejection, then the health of these institutions seems far more vulnerable than we think.
Criss Jami|Sadly enough, some people are insecure in such a way that they cannot bear the thought of the sovereignty of God, the thought of His Being as greater than themselves. It makes them feel insignificant. But I know if I were to worship and obey anything, I would like it far greater than myself or any person or human system, preferably to the point that which it, perhaps, in all its majesty, makes me feel lost and even 'creatural' in my sheer humanity. Only this God - He who is great beyond human measure, yet still considers His creation precious - I find to be more than worthy of praise; otherwise, I bow down and worship nothing. And if the thought of such a superior and almighty God were to indeed offend me, I would have to remember that it is because I am only as significant as the things which I am idolizing, things which are ultimately separating me, the creation, from my original Creator.
Warren Bennis|The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Creation is thus God's presence in creatures. The Greek Orthodox theologian Philip Sherrard has written that "Creation is nothing less than the manifestation of God's hidden Being." This means that we and all other creatures live by a sanctity that is inexpressibly intimate, for to every creature, the gift of life is a portion of the breath and spirit of God. (pg. 308, Christianity and the Survival of Creation)
Debasish Mridha|Be a thinker, be a dreamer, be a believer, be a doer, and, above all, be a kind lover.
Saaif Alam|If you terminate a person from your life who is very toxic towards your reputation, you can actually lead yourself pertaining a career that you desire without any interference.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Breaking away from Gideon with some reluctance, Sophie rose to her feet and dusted off her dress. "Please forgive me, my dear Mr. Lightwood- I mean Gideon- but I must go and murder the cook. I shall be directly back.
Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche|They have their big, ever-changing egos, but none has a self, a core, a sense of identity.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|Something, most certainly, happens to a diver’s emotions underwater. It is not merely a side effect of the pleasing, vaguely erotic sensation of water pressure on the body. Nor is it alone the peculiar sense of weightlessness, which permits a diver to hang motionless in open water, observing sea life large as whales around him; not the ability of a diver, descending in that condition, to slowly tumble and rotate in all three spatial planes. It is not the exhilaration from disorientation that comes when one’s point of view starts to lose its “lefts” and “down” and gains instead something else, a unique perception that grows out of the ease of movement in three dimensions. It is not from the diminishment of gravity to a force little more emphatic than a suggestion. It is not solely exposure to an unfamiliar intensity of life. It is not a state of rapture with the bottomless blue world beneath one’s feet…it is some complicated mix of these emotions, together with the constant proximity of real terror.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|To protect the innocent, to avoid being one of Burke's good men who do nothing, you have to accept permanent scars that cincture the heart and traumas of the mind that occasionally reopen to weep again.
Josephine Angelini|Mo Nighean donn," he whispered," mo chridhe. My brown lass, my heart."Come to me. Cover me. Shelter me. a bhean, heal me. Burn with me, as I burn for you.
John O'Donohue|When you steal a people's language, you leave their soul bewildered.
Kamand Kojouri|Stop looking forward to things, look inward instead.
Hilaire Belloc|The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Percy," my father said, "what exactly do you mean?" "Kronos couldn't have risen if it hadn't been for a lot of demigods who felt abandoned by their parents," I said. "They felt angry, resentful, and unloved, and they had a good reason.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A leader’s purpose is to provide knowledge and generate trust through kindness. This will provide a foundation that allows others to make choices, right or wrong, and grow in a positive manner from the experience.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Love begets wisdom, thus it is, as often misconceived, more than vain layers of tenderness; it is inherently rational and comprehensive of the problem within the problem: for instance, envy is one of the most excused sins in the media of political correctness. Those you find most attractive, or seem to have it all, are often some of the most insecure at heart, and that is because people assume that they do not need anything but defamation.
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|I always take Scotch whiskey at night as a preventive of toothache. I have never had the toothache; and what is more, I never intend to have it.
Martin Luther|To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act!
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|... God loved me not because I was lovable, but because it was His nature to do so.
Miuccia Prada|Now, I'm not saying I'm fashionable, but there are sociological interests that matter to me, things that are theoretical, political, intellectual and also concerned with vanity and beauty that we all think about but that I try to mix up and translate into fashion.
Colin Powell|There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them. Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|Last night he made it very clear that he wants me.And, god help me, I want him too.
James C. Scott, The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia|You've made a beast of yourself,- to the beasts you may go.
|One of the risks that comes with not living your life with a positive purpose, is that you would become vulnerable enough to be blown around by the winds of trials and tribulations.
Jim Carrey|The only candid thing in life is time, nothing else flows seamlessly
Gordon B. Hinckley|Rear your children in light and truth. Teach them to pray while they are young. Read to them from the scriptures even though they may not understand all that you read. Teach them to pay their tithes and offerings on the first money they ever receive. Let this practice become a habit in their lives. Teach your sons to honor womanhood. Teach your daughters to walk in virtue. Accept responsibility in the Church, and trust in the Lord to make you equal to any call you may receive. Your example will set a pattern for your children. Reach out in love to those in distress and need.
Virginia Woolf|Writing is like sex. First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money.
Adelle Waldman, The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P.|His intelligence was just something he'd been born with. Luck of the draw, like being beautiful. It was a rationalization to say that he'd worked hard. It was like being given a fine knife and taking the trouble to polish and sharpen it: it's great that you make the effort, but someone had to give you the knife.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|By the creative act, however, we are able to reach beyond our own death. This is why creativity is so important and why we need to confront the problem of the relationship between creativity and death.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price, that of feeling nothing at all.
Mallory Jansen|Christmas really is about all the cliches: health, happiness and love. A future with my family is the important thing... to stay alive for them.
Nabil N. Jamal|Whether you dream big or dream small, chances are your dream will come true if you believe in it and really work hard on it.
John Steinbeck, Once There Was a War|There are several ways to wear a hat or a cap. A man may express himself in the pitch or tilt of a hat, but not with a helmet. It won't go on any other way. It sits level on the head, low over eyes and ears, low on the back of the neck. With your helmet on you are a mushroom in a bed of mushrooms.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|Train journeys are about possibilities. They denote a change in state. When you arrive, you are no longer the same person who departed.
Ann Makosinski|The plus size movement is not just about fashion; it's about body image, and if we're doing a shoot, they won't retouch us at all. That's the cool thing: there's no retouching at all because we want to give girls the truth, not a fabrication.
Larissa Ione, Pleasure Unbound|Better would be good. Because if she felt a little less like she’d been run over by a truck, she could jump on Dr. Hottie.
Jamie O'Neill, At Swim, Two Boys|Weak? Oh, I am sick of hearing that phrase. Sick of using it about others. Weak? Do you really think, that it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations that it requires strength, strength and courage, to yield to. To stake all one's life on a single moment, to risk everything on one throw, whether the stake be power or pleasure, I care not-there is no weakness in that. There is a horrible, terrible courage. I had that courage.
Oswald Chambers|Visualize  "prayerize " "actionize " and your wishes will come true.
Jennifer A. Girardin, The Uncertainty Principle|Awareness, like wine, is always better for the vintage.--Hugo Anstead
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|After a certain point, all natural bodily changes are for the worst.
G&A Security|Job offered for static security guard in G&A Security? Contact us for best job in the UK including Middlesbrough, Durham and Darlington. We have a great and professional trainer who will give you all efforts to train you as a best security guard.Tel: 01325464340
Gowtham Gurunath|When people fail to recognize your work just don't give up yet. Because it's not always about the recognition, sometimes it's about the "passion" that we hold onto..!!!
Brynn Myers, Redemption|He whispered as he kissed down her neck. “I would love nothing more than to take you right here on the counter, Fire Angel, but if I’m late to meet with your grandmothers, they might just decide to throw my ass on a funeral pyre and I wouldn’t be back for three days.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|I also knew Dell was a good boy with bad friends. I was one of them, and I worried about leading him astray. But in those early years he made me feel cleaner, somehow; like all the shit we’d gone through wasn’t so bad. Like I could deal with it, so long as he was by my side. It had always been the way – but still, I was sure Dell would disappear one day. I had nightmares about what I would do if they released him before me on good behaviour, if he should leave me behind in this fucked up limbo of our youth. Nightmares where if I didn’t hold on to him, those long legs would take him away somewhere better...
Haris Yanuar|Simple, don't tell about something exist in an extinction and don't tell about something extinct in an existence.
Susan C. Young|The Law of Reciprocity demonstrates that when we give something from or of ourselves, the receiving party feels an inclination to give back. And in turn, when someone does something nice for you, you naturally want to return the favor. Reciprocity begins a momentum for mutual caring and sweet reward.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You should be able to criticize and evaluate yourself before others do it. Check for congruity between your defined mission, vision, values and your practiced attitude, behaviour and habits.
Pablo|Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.
John Lewis|To attain inner peace you must actually give your life, not just your possessions. When you at last give your life - bringing into alignment your beliefs and the way you live then, and only then, can you begin to find inner peace.
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|Put your glasses on mate ….. Come down from there, you’re gonna kill yourself …. Well, what does your Method Statement say? …. Right, let’s get you re-inducted. You need a reminder of site rules ….. Where are your outriggers, mate? ….. Put your glasses on ….. Put your glasses on …. Put your glasses on …. Oh, they steam up, do they? I’ve never heard that one before …. Where’s your mask? If you breathe this shit in you’re going to kill yourself. Silicosis is incurable ….. Right STOP! Do not reverse another inch without a banksman ….. Don’t put your glasses on just because you see me walk around the corner. They won’t protect MY eyes …. Hook yourself on, what’s the matter with you? Are all you scaffolders superhuman or something? ….. Put your glasses on ….. Oi! What stops me walking right in there? Where’s your barriers and signage? ….. Oi! I’m getting showered in fucking sparks here. And so is that can of petrol ….. Put your glasses on …. Where’s the flashback arrestor on this bottle of propane? ….. Hey, pal, stop welding until you’ve sheeted up ….. What are you doing climbing up there? Where’s your supervisor? What did he say about access in this morning’s Safe Start briefing? Nothing? Right, he can sit through another induction tomorrow ….. Where are the retaining pins to the joint clamps in this concrete pump line? SEAMUS! Fucking deal with this, will you? ….Put your glasses on …. Hey! Hey! Come here! Why have you got a nail instead of an ‘R’ clip to the quick-hitch system on your excavator bucket? NO! IT WON’T DO! WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU? If that bucket falls on someone they’re not going to get up again. And you trust a fucking nail to hold it in position! Take this machine out of service immediately until you’ve got the proper ‘R’ clip! ….. Put your glasses on …. Where’s the edge protection. Who removed the edge protection? Right, let me phone for a scaffolder ….. Put your glasses on ….. Oi! Get out from under there! Never, ever stand underneath a suspended load. Even if all the equipment’s been inspected, which it obviously has, you can never trust the crane driver. He can be taken ill suddenly ….. Come here, mate, let’s have a little chat. Why are you working on Fall Arrest? You’re supposed to be working on Fall Restraint (FR ‘restrains’ you going near the perimeter edge of the building, FA ‘arrests’ your fall if, well, if you fall. If you’re hanging off a building we’ve got less than ten minutes to reach you before you start going into toxic shock brought on by suspension trauma. In other words, we need a Rescue Plan, which is why we’d prefer people work on Fall Restraint)
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there--on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|IF - and this is the greatest of them all - I had the courage to see myself as I reallyam, I would find out what is wrong with me, and correct it, then I might have a chance to profit by my mistakes and learn something from the experience of others,for I know that there is something WRONG with me, or I would now be where I WOULD HAVE BEEN IF I had spent more time analyzing my weaknesses, and less time building alibis to cover them.
Arthur Miller|The best work that anybody ever writes is the work that is on the verge of embarrassing him, always.
V Duwane Ledbetter|If you work in The Dark, you MUST live in The Light.
Mark Twain|Empowered Women 101: A confident woman takes him for exactly who he is, not who she wants him to be. He is who he is, take it or leave it before you get married. This is the ground level of your partner. Together you can grow from here. However, if you are still teaching basic kindergarten values such as kindness, compassion, respect or honesty then you shouldn't complain if your ground level has a basement.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|He was nobody, but a sweet liar!
Dixie Lyle, To Die Fur|Amy Carmichael once said, "Those who think too much of themselves don't think enough.
Karl Marx, Capital, Vol 1: A Critical Analysis of Capitalist Production|The spectator-buyer is meant to envy herself as she will become if she buys the product. She is meant to imagine herself transformed by the product into an object of envy for others, an envy which will then justify her loving herself.
Tom Walsh|It seems that the more we learn about our work, the easier and the more interesting it becomes to us. Tasks that used to be tedious now make sense, and we see how they're related to other elements of our jobs. Plus, they're easier to take care of now, so they don't bother us nearly as much when we need to do them. When we know more about our work and its ramifications, we can see the connections between what we do and the effects that those things have on other people.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I am a man, and men do not drink pink drinks. Now, be gone, woman, and fetch me something brown." Jace said. "Brown?" said Isabelle."Yes. Brown. It's a manly color. See? Alec is wearing it." Jace said."Well, it was black but it faded." Alec said."Well, I can always fix it up with something sparkly," Magnus said, holding a sparkley headband. "Resist the urge, Alec, resist the urge." Simon said.
Ann Patchett|I missed my mother's father. Is that even possible? Maybe I had fallen asleep for a while. Maybe I was like her, just waking up and looking for him to be there. I wondered how it would have changed things for all of us if he had stayed home the day he was supposed to die in his car. How his decision to go out for something small, something like coffee or orange juice which everyone could have done without, had changed things for all of us.
Steven Magee|The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|Eisenhower on Patton: "Fundamentally, he is so avid for recognition as a great commander that he won't with ruthlessly suppress any habit that will jeopardize it.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|But in his lapsed and sinful state, man is not capable, of any by himself, either to think, to will, or to do that which is really good, but it is necessary for him to be regenerated and renewed in his intellect, affections or will, and in all his powers, by God in Christ through the Holy Spirit, that he may be qualified rightly to understand, esteem, consider, will, and perform whatever is truly good. When he is made a partaker of this regeneration or renovation, I consider that, since he is delivered from sin, he is capable of thinking, willing, and doing that which is good, but yet not without the continued aids of Divine Grace.
Zeena Schreck|The Gnostic’s passionate adoration of Sophia was known as philosophia – the love of Sophia – a mystical communication with divine feminine wisdom, having little to do with the strictly intellectual, most often masculine, pursuit currently labeled “philosophy.
Julian Pencilliah, The Jetstream of Success|Success is a place in time, Don't be late
John A. Widtsoe, An Understandable Religion|Without denying that adaptation may be one of God's methods of operation, it may be definitely said, that an intelligent Master of the universe, in which we believe, has the power to prepare an earth to fit the needs of man; or fit man to meet the conditions of earth. If He were not able to do so, He would be inferior to His creatures who build houses for human comfort, and equip them with heating, freezing, and many other devices. The argument for adaptation, standing alone, requires chance as a creative force. That we do not and cannot believe.
Deyth Banger|oh, oh GreenHollyWood says with a smile and even and angry sounds like devil who comes from hell... says not to lie and now he lies... so clever and such a smart ass. (Isn't he?!??!)
Mario Puzo, Fools Die|He says he’s lonely, horribly lonely because of this love he feels for her. She says she’s lonely too. She doesn’t say why.
Graham O'Connell|Learning is a journey: from facts to knowledge, on to understanding and eventually wisdom.
Thorbjörg Hafsteinsdottir, 10 Years Younger in 10 Weeks|If you want more joy in your daily life, smile at the people you meet in the street, the woman sitting beside you on the bus or standing next to you in the queue at the airport, the waiter who brings your food, your colleagues or your employer. There’s a great chance they’ll smile back.
Sebastian Cole, Sand Dollar: A Story of Undying Love|Well, then, he ought to write her a letter. He ought to say: 'This is to tell you that I propose to live with you as soon as this show is over. You will be prepared immediately on cessation of active hostilities to put yourself at my disposal; please. Signed, Xtopher Tietjens, Acting O.C. 9th Glams. A proper military communication.
Simon Sinek|This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|While happiness is an end in itself, it is also the state of mind we can have right now.
W.H. Auden, Collected Shorter Poems, 1927-1957|Clear, unscalable, aheadRise the Mountains of Instead,From whose cold, cascading streamsNone may drink except in dreams.
Debasish Mridha|I have no right to judge anyone, but I have the right to love everyone.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, The Menace Of The Herd: Or, Procrustes At Large|To accuse nations (not leaders or governments) is the hallmark of the demo-nationalist of the nineteenth or twentieth centuries; it leads to endless hatreds, feelings of revenge, misunderstandings, and frictions. It is the surest guarantee for perpetual mass wars.
Anne Frank|Focus on no enemies, liberate armies of truth— give berth to your worldview.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|Why us?" he said. "Why is it happening to us?""Everything has to happen to someone," said Ginger.
David Ignatius|Sometimes James Bond movies drive me crazy. They're fun to watch, but they don't have anything to do at all with what intelligence officers really do.
Liane Moriarty, Three Wishes|Baths, she thought, were just like her relationships, all "ooh, ah" in the beginning and then suddenly, without warning, she had to get out, out, out!
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|Because while my daughter lives in a world that knows what happens to women is wrong, it has also accepted this wrongness as inevitable.
Carine Roitfeld|I am very surprised by someone like Alexander Wang. I am amazed how he is good with fashion, with business, with public relations himself, with an attitude in his clothes that is spoken immediately.
David Brooks|I’ve come to think that flourishing consists of putting yourself in situations in which you lose self-consciousness and become fused with other people, experiences, or tasks. It happens sometimes when you are lost in a hard challenge, or when an artist or a craftsman becomes one with the brush or the tool. It happens sometimes while you’re playing sports, or listening to music or lost in a story, or to some people when they feel enveloped by God’s love. And it happens most when we connect with other people. I’ve come to think that happiness isn’t really produced by conscious accomplishments. Happiness is a measure of how thickly the unconscious parts of our minds are intertwined with other people and with activities. Happiness is determined by how much information and affection flows through us covertly every day and year.
Jaime Buckley, The Truth About Lies|There is no limit as to what we can learn. Through study, we can learn from the past. Experience can empower us to handle the present. For those who desire to learn of the future, dreams hold a subtle key.Not all things we see, as we sleep, should be cast aside as non-consequential rubbish. It is true that the mind can play many tricks…but it can also send you messages meant to be deciphered at a later date.
Mari Carr, Scoring|If I were you, I’d clear those cobwebs out because there isn’t a shop-vac out there strong enough to handle that job.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|I know I could have saved your ashes to put into the ocean, but I wanted you to have the journey, all the way with the currents, to the open sea. And I know that when I finally get to see the waves washing on the shore, to hear them, I will feel you there.
Thomas Fuller|Be a friend to thyself, and others will be so too.
Eileen Myles|Literature is love. I think it went like this: drawings in the cave, sounds in the cave, songs in the cave, songs about us. Later, stories about us. Part of what we always did was have sex and fight about it and break each other’s hearts. I guess there’s other kinds of love too. Great friendships. Working together. But poetry and novels are lists of our devotions. We love the feel of making the marks as the feelings are rising and falling. Living in literature and love is the best thing there is. You’re always home.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|And God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that in all things at all times, having all that you need, you will abound in every good work.
Enrique Pena Nieto|I don't think I am the type of person who thinks, 'I dunno. Things are getting on top of me.' It's not that I think I'm any different to most people. I always make a big effort, to fight with all my strength, make the best of a situation, and always want to win.
Rebel Wilson|We've been trained since kindergarten: Be nice, be kind, share, put on a smile. So we're conditioned to squash our natural selfish instincts, and that's the right thing for society.
Rose Kennedy|To be a good father and mother requires that the parents defer many of their own needs and desires in favor of the needs of their children. As a consequence of this sacrifice, conscientious parents develop a nobility of character and learn to put into practice the selfless truths taught by the Savior Himself.
Sharon Waxman, Loot: The Battle over the Stolen Treasures of the Ancient World|As once-colonized nations seek to stand on their own, the countries once denuded of their past seek to assert their independent identities through the objects that tie them to it. The demand for restitution is a way to reclaim history, to assert a moral imperative over those who were once overlords. Those countries still in the shadow of more powerful empires seek to claim the symbols of antiquity and colonialism to burnish their own national mythmaking.
Saina Nehwal|I don't know that human beings were meant to mate for life or be monogamous. But, for me, the aspect of marriage that is troubling is that it's a contract that is governed by the state, and I don't want the state to have control over my personal affairs.
Jayseth Guberman|Is this, Miriam wonders, what they call the march of history? And even if she doesn't fully understand, it doesn't mean she can't appreciate the need, the periodic need for some people to resort to gasoline, rags, and matches. Doesn't it always come to this? Isn't history as much about tearing things down as it is about building things up?
Steve Maraboli|There is a charm in saying nothing, in saying nothing at all. There is a charm in - experiencing.
Andy Stanley, Deep and   Wide: Creating Churches Unchurched People Love to Attend|In a society where rationality has ruled so long, the church frequently fails to see that in forsaking the weekly pursuit of the transcendent, we have given up the only ground that was uniquely ours in this world. In attempting to make the church something that can attract and add value to secular mind-sets, we have turned our backs on our one true proposition - transcendence.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|I stand here on the summit of the mountain. I lift my head and I spread my arms. This, my body and spirit, this is the end of the quest. I wished to know the meaning of all things. I am the meaning. I wished to find a warrant for being. I need no warrant for being, and no word of sanction upon my being. I am the warrant and the sanction. Neither am I the means to any end others may wish to accomplish. I am not a tool for their use. I am not a servant of their needs. I am not a sacrifice on their alters.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Lachlan|The freak show was about to begin.Spotlights flooded the musicians powered by solar panels near a massive amplifier. The guitarist continued playing and the others joined in, playing a raucous crossover between hard rock and heavy metal. The one with long blond hair grabbed hold of the microphone and belted out a shattering cry that sounded like a call to battle. The crowd went pin drop silent to listen and then cheered in unison as the band played on. The front man sang piercing growls and low croons about the Knights in Stone, the protectors of the ancient forests, battling against the evil tree witches... Kayla's coven.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Be not the slave of your own past - plunge into the sublime seas, dive deep, and swim far, so you shall come back with new self-respect, with new power, and with an advanced experience that shall explain and overlook the old.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|She played me with a bad hand, and I fell for it every time.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|Even with all the lights off, the room was as bright and insistent as Martha Stewart’s smile.
Richie Norton|FIND YOUR WEIRDFinding your weird is a lot like finding your voice. Although, your voice is more about your passion, your story, your way of communicating with the world.Your weird is that thing you do that people would miss if you were gone.Your weird is the thing that keeps your followers following you.Your weird puts a smile on a face or an idea in a mind or money in your pocket.Your weird is how we remember you.What's your weird?If you don't know, ask someone. Ask lots of people!When you embrace your weird, you love your life, share your story, meet new people, experience great things, freak yourself out, live on purpose, "save the whales," enjoy the moment.Find your weird.But first, breathe.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The moment you become conscious of your unconscious state, you’re instantly transformed!
Victor Hugo, The Toilers of the Sea|There is earth below your earth, a deep room wheregas and oil, rock and stone, circulate like slow bloodthrough a body.
Abraham Lincoln|Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemn—and most fools do. But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|I sit, but I'm still stiff as a board. My hands are clenched tight, as if I'm holding my tears in my palms and if I loose my grip, they'll come tumbling out.
Laura Burroughs|Use the talents you’ve developed to create goodwill, to ease the burdens of those who are not as fortunate and to seek truth humbly, without insisting that you hold the only keys to it.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|When following God, Zero we never find.
Tycho Brahe|If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
Tony Riches, The Secret Diary of Eleanor Cobham|Autumn is the time of balance and ofsacrifice, a time when the light is defeated by darkness, a timewhen night takes over and brings the coming winter. Theancient wisdom says that those who long for light must facetheir inner darkness and overcome it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I'm seven hundred years old, Alexander. I know when something isn't going to work. You won't even admit I exist to your parents." Alec stared at him. "I thought you were three hundred! You're seven huundred years old?" "Well," Magnus amended, "eight hundred. But I dont look it. Anyway, you're missing the point. The point is-" But Alec never found out what the point was because at that moment a dozen more Iblis demons flooded into the square. He felt his jaw drop. "Damn it." Magnus followed his gaze. the demons were already fanning out into a half circle around them, their yellow eyes glowing. "Way to change the subject, Lightwood.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer|Eragon went to see the dragon for the first time since it had spoken to him. He approached apprehensively, aware now that it was an equal."Eragon.""Is that all you can say?" he snapped."Yes."His eyes widened at the unexpected reply, and he sat down ro
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If he sends reinforcements everywhere, he will everywhere be weak.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Without the Bible, this world would indeed be a dark and frightening place, without signpost or beacon.
Claudia Rankine, Citizen: An American Lyric|And he goes around killing people?” said Mort. He shook his head. “There’s no justice.”Death sighed. No, he said... there’s just me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, be yourself.
Ray Bradbury, From the Dust Returned|Sunsets are loved because they vanish.Flowers are loved because they go.The dogs of the field and the cats of the kitchen are loved because soon they must depart.These are not the sole reasons, but at the heart of morning welcomes and afternoon laughters is the promise of farewell. In the gray muzzle of an old dog we see goodbye. In the tired face of an old friend we read long journeys beyond returns.
Madi Merek, Message to New York|But the living must fear death, or they would not struggle to stay alive.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When you are open and aware, it allows for all magical possibilities! We, here in the forest, can see all that goes on in our environment on the surface; but we have true awareness that sees beyond the shallow! This belief comes from the depths of wisdom that there is more than meets the eyes!”Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I realize the simple truth is that power isn’t control at all- power is strength, and giving that strength to others. A leader isn’t someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others so that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|When she expressed a doubtful hope that Tinker Bell would be glad to see her, he said, ‘Who is Tinker Bell?’	‘O Peter,’ she said, shocked; but even when she explained he could not remember.	‘There are such a lot of them,’ he said. ‘I expect she is no more.’	I expect he was right, for fairies don’t live long, but they are so little that a short time seems a good while to them.
John Cheever, The Stories of John Cheever|Karl stood up and pointed at the large portraits on the wall. He swept the room from George Washington to Ben Franklin to John Adams to Thomas Jefferson. “Soldier, Printer, Lawyer, Scholar. You become a politician because the people make you one, not because you desire to be one.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|The end will be what it will be. The object is intense living, fulfillment; the great happiness in creation.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your heart has been broken nine times, muster the courage to love again for the tenth.
Debasish Mridha|In some way, everyone is your son or daughter, so without judging them, love everyone.
Tyra Banks|The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.
Carrie Vaughn, After the Golden Age|We're growing up," Betsy said aloud. She wasn't even sure she liked it. But it happened, and then it wasn't irrevocable. There was nothing you could do about it except try and see that you grew up into the kind of human being you wanted to be. "I'd like to be a fine one," Betsy thought quickly and urgently.
Steven Spielberg|I stand here today as the first woman first minister of our country. Every day I hold this office, I will work to ensure that every woman, every wee girl across this country, gets a chance to do what I've done and follow their dream.
Robert Green Ingersoll|The communitarians may say you've been enjoying too much individual freedom, and that you must give up some of that for the benefit of the community. But they really mean that they want more power over your life - to force you to subsidize, obey and conform to their choices.
Lionel Suggs|But I was going to learn the hardest lesson in life: that those whoare closest to you, always betray you first.
Benjamin Kofi Quansah|The year the Europeans seized Jomo Kenyatta (1952), Chepusepa and I were sharing our homestead with Arimo, a Teso, who was a headman of the local road crew. One day, Arimo's son found an ostrich's nest between Amudat and Katabok, while he was watching cattle. There were six eggs, and both of our cowherds took one. The brought the two eggs to our home and put them in the ashes near the fire. After two weeks, they hatched.I remember the baby ostriches walking about, eating millet and stones. Arimo took care of them, and they grew quite large. One night a leopard got the female, but the male continued to thrive, and Arimo harvested its feathers twice. Then, one day, when it was fully grown, our ostrich wandered into the town of Amudat. A European saw it and asked the people, "Where did this come from?""Oh, it is the 'ox' of a man named Arimo, they told him.The European immediately summoned Arimo to Amudat. "Do you have license to keep an ostrich?" he demanded."Of course not!" Arimo replied. "This ostrich doesn't belong to anyone else--it's mine. So why do I need a license?"But the European decreed,"From this day on, you must not keep this ostrich without a license. If you do, you will go to jail for stealing from the government!"That was only the beginning. The Europeans have been seizing our pet ostriches ever since. When other people heard about Arimo's trouble, they killed their ostriches so they could at least have the feathers. Another man was so angry, he killed his female ostrich and destroyed all her eggs.
Constance Daley|Tell me what I am to you.” …“Oh honey, you’re the man I call when I need a ride.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|You aren't happy," Estela says."I can't be happy," I say."Look at me, Kenzie.""I'm looking at you, Estela.""Do you know your own heart?""I don't know anything.""Go," she says, "and think. And don't come back until you know.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|I’m always soft for you, that’s the problem. You could come knocking on my door five years from now and I would open my arms wider and say ‘come here, it’s been too long, it felt like home with you.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|As every slumdweller knew, there were three main ways out of poverty: finding an entrepreneurial niche, as the Husains had found in garbage; politics and corruption, in which Asha placed her hopes; and education.
Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Psychopathia Sexualis: The Case Histories|You can get a large audience together for a strip-tease act—that is, to watch a girl undress on the stage. Now suppose you came to a country where you could fill a theatre by simply bringing a covered plate on to the stage and then slowly lifting the cover so as to let every one see, just before the lights went out, that it contained a mutton chop or a bit of bacon, would you not think that in that country something had gone wrong with the appetite for food?
Sheryl Sandberg|In one of my recent books, 'The Success Principles,' I taught 64 lessons that help people achieve what they want out of life. From taking nothing less than 100 percent responsibility for your life to empowering others, these are the fundamentals to success - and to great leadership.
Florence Nightingale|Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They don't know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Awake, my soul! Why should I give hours and days any longer to the vain world, when there is such a world of misery at my very door? Lord, put thine own strength in me; confirm every good resolution; forgive my past long life of uselessness and folly.
Mohamed Al-Fayed|In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
Erika Robuck|When feels that someone puts you aside, sometimes thinks in an act of selfishnessbut always its really to have afraid of something worst.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Evan always used to day that it wasn't that you couldn't see that you should be afraid of, but what was right in front of you, in plain sight.
Hanna Rosin|Britain is rich in radicalism, and anyone who says that our society has drifted into fatalism and apathy should get out more.
Tony Dovale|A winning mindset can transform an underdog into a champion, conqueror, and achiever. You’re a mindset away from winning your battles!
Ilyas Kassam|A truly free man is not free 'from' anything, nor free 'to' anything, he is just free. Free within himself.
Steven L. Sheppard, Byblis And Caunus|The DID patient should be seen as a whole adult person with the identities sharing responsibility for daily life. Despite patients’ subjective experience of separateness, clinicians must keep in mind that the patient is a single person and generally must hold the whole person (i.e., system of alternate identities) responsible for the behavior of any or all of the constituent identities, even in the presence of amnesia or the sense of lack of control or agency over behavior.From p8 International Society for the Study of Trauma and Dissociation. (2011). Guidelines for treating dissociative identity disorder in adults, third revision: Summary version. Journal of Trauma & Dissociation, 12, 188–212.
Carl Elliott|On Prozac, Sisyphus might well push the boulder back up the mountain with more enthusiasm and creativity. I do not want to deny the benefits of psychoactive medication. I just want to point out that Sisyphus is not a patient with a mental health problem. To see him as a patient with a mental health problem is to ignore certain larger aspects of his predicament connected to boulders, mountains, and eternity.
Chetan M. Kumbhar, Panasu The Golden City & The Capasstars|A lonely human we think is lonely. Freakin thoughts surround it. A lonely bird we think is lonely. Damn! Did you see! The giant nature around it. Disrespectful of nature if we be, lonely are only we.
Lee Trevino|Let me tell you, it is still morning in America. It just happens to be kind of a head pounding, hung over for four hours in America - and it's shaping up to be a nasty day, but its still morning in America.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we approach the Bible as history and biography, we approach the Bible in the wrong spirit. We must read the Bible, not primarily as historians seeking information, but as men and women seeking God.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|When we step onto the bridge, Nathan turns and spreads his arms out wide. ‘Welcome to Pont des Arts, a.k.a. The Lock Bridge.
Deyth Banger|Your answers lie here," Rovender said, gesturing around the library.
Rudolf Diesel|The pleasure of work is open to anyone who can develop some specialised skill, provided that he can get satisfaction from the exercise of his skill without demanding universal applause.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|Emily Greenstreet was one of these girls that nobody ever notices, who are only friends with other girls nobody notices. Nobody likes or dislikes them. They have weak chins, or chicken-pox scars, or their glasses are too big. I know I'm being mean. But you know, they're just sort of at the edge of everything.
L.J. Smith, Moonsong|All tha’ effin’ an’ blindin’ she was doin’...I ain’t never seen tha’ likes. Ya’ made a right hames wit dis’ wan, Athair. If she ‘ad been one of us, I’da put fifty quid on ‘er. She was after ya’ bollox, she was!
Robyn Quaker|I really don’t get this whole oranges thing. It’s like, does he want to eat them or go out with them?
Aubrea Summer, Burn This Way|My Wife, I get to keep you forever. ~Lucian Bane~
Jodi Livon|When I stopped to take a breath, I noticed I had wings.
A.V. Roe, The ABC Room|I'm glad I found you," Kane said quietly, stepping back as Avery stood."I think it was more like me finding you, handsome." For Kane, the sentimental memories were sostrong; all he could do was stand there as they held their babies, thinking about their lives, their future,and his love for Avery."I can't imagine my life without you," Kane proclaimed sweetly."Good. I don't want you to.
James M. Buchanan|I love the institution of marriage, and I love my marriage.
Denise Roy|My trouble is that I think there is a track that things should stay on. I'm hooked to a belief that life should go a certain way. I develop an attachment to Plan A and set up my expectations accordingly. An important part of spiritual practice is to learn to let go, to recognize that Plan A exists only in my head.
Dada Bhagwan|He whose speech, behavior and humility captivates people’s minds, becomes worthy of worship by people.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|An environment-based education movement--at all levels of education--will help students realize that school isn't supposed to be a polite form of incarceration, but a portal to the wider world.
Matthew Desmond|Guns do kill. Unlike cars, that is all they do.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|Whatever may have been said of the satiety of pleasure and of the disgust which usually follows passion, any man who has anything of a heart and who is not wretchedly and hopelessly blasé feels his love increased by his happiness, and very often the best way to retain a lover ready to leave is to give one's self up to him without reserve.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|Youth is terrible: it is a stage trod by children in buskins and a variety of costumes mouthing speeches they've memorized and fanatically believe but only half understand. And history is terrible because it so often ends up a playground for the immature; a playground for the young Nero, a playground for the young Bonaparte, a playground for the easily roused mobs of children whose simulated passions and simplistic poses suddenly metamorphose into a catastrophically real reality.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Not everyone with a painting brush is an artist, likewise not everyone with a camera is a photographer 
Flannery O'Connor, A Good Man is Hard to Find and Other Stories|In the end, we will conserve only what we love; we will love only what we understand and we will understand only what we are taught.
Edward T. Welch, Running Scared: Fear, Worry, and the God of Rest|I have decided the two choices open to me are (1) to torment myself or (2) to trust the Lord. There is no earthly solution to the problems that confront me. But I can add to my problems, as I believe I have done, by dwelling on them. So, no more of that.
Henry Ford|Man, being reasonable, must get drunk; the best of life is but intoxication.
J.B.Alves|Why should we plant, when there are so many mongongo nuts in the world?
Céline|In the old pieces of furniture almost as in the old paintings, dwells the charm of the past, of the faded which becomes stronger in a man when he reaches an advanced age.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|Dead men cannot take effective action; their power of influence on others lasts only till the grave. Deeds and actions that energise others belong only to the living. Well, then, look at the facts in this case. The Saviour is working mightily among men, every day He is invisibly persuading numbers of people all over the world, both within and beyond the Greek-speaking world, to accept His faith and be obedient to His teaching. Can anyone, in face of this, still doubt that He has risen and lives, or rather that He is Himself the Life? Does a dead man prick the consciences of men...?
W.B. Yeats|He's my father!" she bellowed, pointing to Trevanion."Vestie!" Beatriss said firmly, stopping to stare up at her. "I'll snip at the tongue if I ever see it in such a way again! Trevanion, speak to her."Vestie hung her head, shamefaced."Vestie," he said, his voice still gentle."Yes, Father.""Shout it out louder, my love. Shout it out louder.
Aimee Agresti, Illuminate|Remind me to show you the latest e-mail from Courtney," he said now, kicking at a rock on the sidewalk. "You won't believe how many different incorrect ways she spelled hors d'oeuvres within the span of a single paragraph.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|Objection!" Metz shouts.Grounds?" the judge asks.Well...he's my witness!
Adam Rex, Cold Cereal|This is where you all live?" Asked John as they ascended the stairs. "It's small.""This is just our Thanksgiving house," Scott muttered. "We have a house for every day of the year.
Anne Lamott, Some Assembly Required: A Journal of My Son's First Son|Whenever my children complain about the planet to me, I say 'Shut up, I just got here myself'.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|Wait, seriously, what's a piss pot?
Erich Fromm, To Have or to Be? The Nature of the Psyche|The deepest yearning of human beings seems to be a constellation in which the two poles (motherliness and fatherliness, female and male, mercy and justice, feeling and thought, nature and intellect) are united in a synthesis, in which both sides of the polarity lose their antagonism and, instead, color each other.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when you courageously believe in the power of doubt instead of the power of God, you much see the works of doubt and least see the works of God
Susan Wiggs, The Charm School|She watched the gap between ship and shore grow to a huge gulf. Perhaps this was a little like dying, the departed no longer visible to the others, yet both still existed, only in different worlds.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|Humans are part of nature, and nature is one great big wood chipper. Sooner or later, everything shoots out the other end in a spray of blood, bones, and hair.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Hidden away amongst Aschenbach’s writing was a passage directly asserting that nearly all the great things that exist owe their existence to a defiant despite: it is despite grief and anguish, despite poverty, loneliness, bodily weakness, vice and passion and a thousand inhibitions, that they have come into being at all. But this was more than an observation, it was an experience, it was positively the formula of his life and his fame, the key to his work.
Kimberly Guilfoyle|I went to Legoland in Denmark when I was five, I think, but I went to Germany when I was 17 to have a little adventure after graduation.
Forrest Curran|When we fail to tend to the fragilities of a flower as we become distracted by the noise of our minds, our plant is essentially dying. The quintessence of dying in the sense that we are failing to be mindful of the present moment, for life is the paradox of both living and dying concurrently. Just as we are living each moment, we are dying with every moment, and the essence of living is within each breath that ultimately comprises life as a whole.
Margot Robbie|Anger is energising. The opposite of anger is depression, which is anger turned inward.
Skylar Grey|Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|For the natural polytheist who finds her gods in the rivers and mountains, in the deep-rooted giants looming above the canopy and in the tiny creatures that move beneath them, ecology gives us a glimpse into a kind of living anatomy of the divine, a theology of physical as well as spiritual life. - Alison Leigh Lilly, "Anatomy of a God
Mark Nepo|Once waking into the realization that eternity is waiting in every moment, I discovered that wealth is time, not money.
Mommy Moo Moo|Sun shines above making diamonds of lightTink-tinkling, tap dancing, and bright.
Samora Machel|If you're so pro-life, do me a favour: don't lock arms and block medical clinics. If you're so pro-life, lock arms and block cemeteries.
Wendelin Van Draanen, The Running Dream|Women cannot compete with men in physical prowess. And why in the name of all that is sane should we? Why not rather have our ambition go into sport for health, endurance, and the mere love of it?
Kunal  Sen|I have seen conversations that I had three years ago, when I was young, in love, and naive. I've grown a lot since those days. I now know that love isn't just that abstract feeling, because there are so many other sides to it. Sometimes you learn that to truly love someone you have to just support them as a person, and step out of their view finder. Be their friend and nothing else. Sometimes you learn to walk away and find what you need. You learn you knew nothing and that's when you grow up and change your ways. There may be no fairy take endings, but that is okay, because love is much more real than that. So much less superficial.
Chelsea Cain, Heartsick|Gretchen Lowell was beautiful in a very grown-up way, in a sophisticated, confident way. It was more than beauty; it was the power of beauty. She radiated it.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|They’d been forged of the same ore, two sides of the same golden, scarred coin. She’d know it when she spied him atop the execution plataform. She couldn’t explain it. No one could understand that instant bond, that soul-deep assurance and rightness, unless they, too, had experienced it. But she owned no explanations to anyone - not about Aedion.
Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy|What if this was a sign? Maybe I’m not supposed to be an Outsider.He surprised her by taking her hand and threading his fingers through hers. “You already are an Outsider. You fit everywhere. You just don’t see it yet.”She stared at their hands. He’d never done that before.Roar gave her a droll look. “It’s just odd having you lay your hand on my arm all the time,” he said, responding to her thoughts.Yes, but this feels intimate. Don’t you think it does? I don’t mean that I think we’re being too intimate. I guess I do. Roar, sometimes it’s really hard to get used to this.Roar flashed a grin. “Aria, this isn’t intimate. If I were being intimate with you, trust me, you’d know.”She rolled her eyes. Next time you say something like that, you should toss a red rose and then leave with a swish of your cape.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|It is a great thing, indeed, to make a proper use of the poetical forms, as also of compounds and strange words. But the greatest thing by far is to be a master of metaphor. It is the one thing that cannot be learnt from others; and it is also a sign of genius, since a good metaphor implies an intuitive perception of the similarity in dissimilars.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|When I came to Johannesburg from the countryside, I knew nobody, but many strangers were very kind to me. I then was dragged into politics, and then, subsequently, I became a lawyer.
April Voytko Kempler, The Altered I: Memoir of Joseph Kempler, Holocaust Survivor|Have I mentioned the Loma Prieta earthquake of 1989, and the collapse of a section of the Bay Bridge, or the Oakland ‘firestorm’ of 1991? No need. There are already there, in my narratives that fail to mention them, in my dreams that fail to represent them.
Chris Burkmenn|God will cause you to prosper, even when man says you won't.
Sarah Thebarge|Part of me was afraid that if I raised my fist to the sky and demanded an answer now, I would hear a thundering and calloused, 'Because I said so," from God in heaven. And I may not ever want to speak to Him again.
James Patterson, Angel|What's so funny 'bout peace, love, and world destruction?
James Howard Kunstler|I think our failure as a caucus has been not to focus on economic issues. I think we - and I'm supportive of all the issues that - that we talk about, but you need an economic - a robust, economic message that - that covers everybody.
Rebecca Rosen, Awaken the Spirit Within: 10 Steps to Ignite Your Life and Fulfill Your Divine Purpose|While we all share God's powerful DNA, we're also individual expressions of God. Meaning, there's no one else quite like you. So set the intention now to become clear on exactly what strengths and talents make you unique. When you know who and what you are, you reclaim your power and you feel empowered to move forward with clarity, confidence, and conviction, along with a joyful sense of divine purpose.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|You are the master of your destiny. You can influence, direct and control your own environment. You can make your life what you want it to be.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Darkness had fallen upon everything for him; but just because of this darkness he felt that the one guiding clue in the darkness was his work, and he clutched it and clung to it with all his strength.
Patrick Rothfuss|What? No defense? Any student of mine must be able to defend his ideas against an attack. No matter how you spend your life, your wit will defend you more often than a sword. Keep it sharp!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Follow your heart, there lies your happiness.
Horace|Needless to say, the business of living interferes with the solitude so needed for any work of the imagination. Here's what Virginia Woolf said in her diary about the sticky issue: "I've shirked two parties, and another Frenchman, and buying a hat, and tea with Hilda Trevelyan, for I really can't combine all this with keeping all my imaginary people going.
Ellen G. White|A Christian reveals true humility by showing the gentleness of Christ, by being always ready to help others, by speaking kind words and performing unselfish acts, which elevate and ennoble the most sacred message that has come to the world.
Gail Carson Levine, Writing Magic: Creating Stories that Fly|There's nothing wrong with reading a book you love over and over. When you do, the words get inside you, become a part of you, in a way that words in a book you've read only once can't.
Bernie Sanders|Self-determination could mean independence, confederacy, federal and autonomy.
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Ah, brothers, this God which I created was human work and human madness, like all gods!He was human, and only a poor piece of man and Ego: this phantom came to me from my own fire and ashes, that is the truth! It did not come from the ‘beyond’!
Peter Watts, Blindsight|Once there were three tribes. The Optimists, whose patron saints were Drake and Sagan, believed in a universe crawling with gentle intelligence—spiritual brethren vaster and more enlightened than we, a great galactic siblinghood into whose ranks we would someday ascend. Surely, said the Optimists, space travel implies enlightenment, for it requires the control of great destructive energies. Any race which can't rise above its own brutal instincts will wipe itself out long before it learns to bridge the interstellar gulf.Across from the Optimists sat the Pessimists, who genuflected before graven images of Saint Fermi and a host of lesser lightweights. The Pessimists envisioned a lonely universe full of dead rocks and prokaryotic slime. The odds are just too low, they insisted. Too many rogues, too much radiation, too much eccentricity in too many orbits. It is a surpassing miracle that even one Earth exists; to hope for many is to abandon reason and embrace religious mania. After all, the universe is fourteen billion years old: if the galaxy were alive with intelligence, wouldn't it be here by now?Equidistant to the other two tribes sat the Historians. They didn't have too many thoughts on the probable prevalence of intelligent, spacefaring extraterrestrials— but if there are any, they said, they're not just going to be smart. They're going to be mean.It might seem almost too obvious a conclusion. What is Human history, if not an ongoing succession of greater technologies grinding lesser ones beneath their boots? But the subject wasn't merely Human history, or the unfair advantage that tools gave to any given side; the oppressed snatch up advanced weaponry as readily as the oppressor, given half a chance. No, the real issue was how those tools got there in the first place. The real issue was what tools are for.To the Historians, tools existed for only one reason: to force the universe into unnatural shapes. They treated nature as an enemy, they were by definition a rebellion against the way things were. Technology is a stunted thing in benign environments, it never thrived in any culture gripped by belief in natural harmony. Why invent fusion reactors if your climate is comfortable, if your food is abundant? Why build fortresses if you have no enemies? Why force change upon a world which poses no threat?Human civilization had a lot of branches, not so long ago. Even into the twenty-first century, a few isolated tribes had barely developed stone tools. Some settled down with agriculture. Others weren't content until they had ended nature itself, still others until they'd built cities in space.We all rested eventually, though. Each new technology trampled lesser ones, climbed to some complacent asymptote, and stopped—until my own mother packed herself away like a larva in honeycomb, softened by machinery, robbed of incentive by her own contentment.But history never said that everyone had to stop where we did. It only suggested that those who had stopped no longer struggled for existence. There could be other, more hellish worlds where the best Human technology would crumble, where the environment was still the enemy, where the only survivors were those who fought back with sharper tools and stronger empires. The threats contained in those environments would not be simple ones. Harsh weather and natural disasters either kill you or they don't, and once conquered—or adapted to— they lose their relevance. No, the only environmental factors that continued to matter were those that fought back, that countered new strategies with newer ones, that forced their enemies to scale ever-greater heights just to stay alive. Ultimately, the only enemy that mattered was an intelligent one.And if the best toys do end up in the hands of those who've never forgotten that life itself is an act of war against intelligent opponents, what does that say about a race whose machines travel between the stars?
Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones|There is laughter, shrill calls. Everyone is flirting, saying in nudges and jokes and blushing what they would do in private.
Eric Jay Dolin, Leviathan: The History of Whaling in America|The heroic and often tragic stories of American whalemen were renowned. They sailed the world’s oceans and brought back tales filled with bravery, perseverance, endurance, and survival. They mutinied, murdered, rioted, deserted, drank, sang, spun yarns, scrimshawed, and recorded their musings and observations in journals and letters. They survived boredom, backbreaking work, tempestuous seas, floggings, pirates, putrid food, and unimaginable cold. Enemies preyed on them in times of war, and competitors envied them in times of peace. Many whalemen died from violent encounters with whales and from terrible miscalculations about the unforgiving nature of nature itself. And through it all, whalemen, those “iron men in wooden boats” created a legacy of dramatic, poignant, and at times horrific stories that can still stir our emotions and animate the most primal part of our imaginations. “To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme,” proclaimed Herman Melville, and the epic story of whaling is one of the mightiest themes in American history.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|So too, friend, purification of virtue is for the sake of reaching purification of mind; purification of mind is for the sake of reaching purification of view; purification of view is for the sake of reaching purification by overcoming doubt; purification by overcoming doubt is for the sake of reaching purification by knowledge and vision of what is the path and what is not the path; purification by knowledge and vision of what is the path and what is not the path is for the sake of reaching purification by knowledge and vision of the way; purification by knowledge and vision of the way is for the sake of reaching purification by knowledge and vision; purification by knowledge and vision is for the sake of reaching final Nibbāna [Nirvana] without clinging. It is for the sake of final Nibbāna without clinging that the holy life is lived under the Blessed One.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Once upon a time an Athenian princesss named Prokne was wed to Tereus, king of the barbarous Thracians of the north. When Prokne's unfortunate sister, Philomela, came for a visit, Tereus fell madly in love with the girl locked her away and raped her, then cut out her tongue to prevent her from telling anyone of the crime. Philomela, however, wove into a cloth the story of her misfortune. When Prokne, receiving the cloth, understood what had befallen, she freed her sister, killed her own son, Itys, whom she had borne to Tereus, and served the child up to his father at a feast--the vilest revenge she could think of. When Tereus discovered the truth, in wrath he pursued the two sisters, thinking to kill them, but the gods transformed all three into birds: Tereus into the hoopoe (a large, crested bird with a daggerlike beak), Philomela into the swallow, which can only twitter unintelligibly, and Prokne into the nightingale, which spends the night singing 'Itys Itys!' in mourning for her dead son. All these birds have reddish spots, it is said, from getting spattered with the blood of the child....It is interesting in our purposes because it shows in yet another way the great importance that clothmaking had in women's lives, becoming central to their mythology as well.
Michael    Jones|Every poet will forever try to write the greatest poem ever written, I have found that this kind of poem can be written with “One” word. And that word consists of a beauty beyond any measure to man and one of the most beauty creations to grace the presents of man. That one word poem is…….. “YOU
Ray Bradbury|We have everything we need to be happy, but we aren't happy. Something's missing.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Love needs expression, Captain Geary, or doubts grow amid the silence. Doubts of the other and doubts of yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|Intercession is prayer we pray not for ourselves, but for others — for country government, or any other person
Elizabeth Bowen|He specialized in a particular kind of friendship with that eight-limbed, inscrutable, treacherous creature, the happily married coupe, adapting himself closely and lightly to the composite personality.A peevish dead woman...it's absurd...ho much less humiliating for them both it would have been if she had taken a lover.
Ron White|Vegas is famous for a lot of things, and bad marriages are one of them. Margo and I are proof that you can make this work. It just takes a little effort.
Angel Olsen|I think part of picking where you live in New York is accepting who you are. Really looking at yourself and going, 'Yeah, I'm not cool enough for the West Village.'
Jasz Gill|Dear Fellow Human Being,You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!Tell yourself,You do not deserve this!All those toxic words you have to listen from people,All those fears they try to pin on your mind,All those giggles they aim at your dreams,All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality,All those fingers pointing towards your crude character,All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations,All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free,Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it.My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility.You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!― Jasz Gill
Louisa May Alcott|Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead.
Frida Kahlo, The Diary of Frida Kahlo: An Intimate Self-Portrait|You too know that all my eyes see, all I touch with myself, from any distance, is Diego. The caress of fabrics, the color of colors, the wires, the nerves, the pencils, the leaves, the dust, the cells, the war and the sun, everything experienced in the minutes of the non-clocks and the non-calendars and the empty non-glances, is him.
Ufuoma Apoki|One of the most difficult lessons life has taught me is that if, despite my best efforts, something is not working out, it may be time to step back and assess what other opportunities are coming my way.
Stephanie  Lennox, I Don't Remember You|I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Are you a man with a conscience, or just a shark who will die when you stop moving forward?
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Singular Touch.With that singular touch of his precious warm hand,His finger slowly skimmed her porcelain cheek.As her eyes fell upon his delicate soul,It was then he knew,He had captured every single ounce of her being.
Larissa MacFarquhar, Strangers Drowning: Grappling with Impossible Idealism, Drastic Choices, and the Overpowering Urge to Help|Being unkillable, so long as one had some healing power stored up, could do strange things to a person’s sense of self-preservation. Of course, Wayne had probably been drunk at the time. That also tended to do strange things to a person’s sense of self-preservation
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The true meaning of Religion is to Love God and Man, Hatred is out of the Equation
Henry Van Dyke|I always showed myself in the face of day, asserting the liberty and independence of my country, while some others, like owls, courted concealment and were too much afraid of losing their roosts to leave them for such a cause.
Allyson Giles|Love never lies and it never tries, it's unafraid and heaven made.Keep the faith, surrender the time, just like a grape we need to ripen on the vine.Be like a fairy, constantly glow, leave a trail of love wherever you go.Do not try to make sense of this world. Do try to know yourself and to grow yourself while in it.The more you are, the more you have.Rather than make the best of a situation, make the best situation. Create, don't negate.Keep the dream alive and the heart open.Be your most glorious self, and even better, be indifferent to what anyone may think of it.Don't fear the dark, it's helping you find the light. We wouldn't know morning, if we didn't see night.Never give to say you've given, never shy away from a good cry, never stop a laugh from happening, and always wonder, why?Don't get mad, get motivated!
Elizabeth von Arnim|Opportunity is always under our feet. We don't have to go anywhere. All we need to do is recognize it. When people don't know how to recognize opportunity, they complain of noise when it knocks. The same opportunity never knocks twice. The next one may be better or worse, but it is never the same one.
ZOEgirl, Zoegirl - Different Kind of Free|To be unbroken, what would that be?If words that were spoken, had not shattered me
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|He felt safe with her. He'd never been safe with another human being, not since he'd been taken as a child from his home. He'd never been able to trust. He could never give that last small piece - all that was left of his humanity - into someone else's keeping. And now there was Rikki. She let him be whatever he had to be to survive. She didn't ask anything of him. There was no hidden motive. No agenda. Just acceptance. She was different - imperfect, or so she thought - and she knew what it was like to fight to carve out a space for herself. She was willing for him to do thar.
Auliq Ice|Following the rules only takes you so far, sooner or later you have to forget them and play by your heart.
Philip McKernan|Success is manufactured in the Mind, while Happiness is cultivated in the Soul
Asti Hustvedt|Like symbolism, decadence puts forth the idea that the function of literature is to evoke impressions and 'correspondences', rather than to realistically depict the world. ... the decadent aestheticized decay and took pleasure in perversity. In decadent literature, sickness is preferable to health, not only because sickness was regarded as more interesting, but because sickness was construed as subversive, as a threat to the very fabric of society. By embracing the marginal, the unhealthy and the deviant, the decadents attacked bourgeois life, which they perceived as the chief enemy of art.
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|The Mercy of Allah is an Ocean, Our sins are a lump of clay clenched between the beak of a pigeon. The pigeon is perched on the branch of a tree at the edge of that ocean.It only has to open it's beak
Emily Lloyd-Jones, Illusive|It just doesn't make sense. They're afraid of technology, becauseof its threat to humanity...yet they don't flinch at taking a life. So obviously they're not big on logic. But there's no shortage of irony.
Kevin Focke, A Salmon Amongst Trouts|Fear is like a little germ in your head, allow it to grow and it takes over your all.
Lee M. Sapp, Pastor June and the Coveters|Just because someone is on your path, it doesn't mean that they're on your journey.
Theodore Roosevelt|The social organs are constituted so as to enable them to develop harmoniously in the grand air of liberty. Away, then, with quacks and organizers! Away with their rings, and their chains, and their hooks, and their pincers! Away with their artificial methods! Away with their social laboratories, their governmental whims, their centralization, their tariffs, their universities, their State religions, their inflationary or monopolizing banks, their limitations, their restrictions, their moralizations, and their equalization by taxation! And now, after having vainly inflicted upon the social body so many systems, let them end where they ought to have begun — reject all systems, and try of liberty — liberty, which is an act of faith in God and in His work
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|If something unusual is what you really see and really feel, and if that’s what does happen to you in your real life, how is THAT called FICTION? One simple reason... that it’s the only way the society would agree to call it “normal,” based on the current level of development of their mentality.
Abraham Lincoln|When I get ready to talk to people, I spend two thirds of the time thinking what they want to hear and one third thinking about what I want to say.
Angie karan|Are you eating to live or are you eating to die? Food is not just for nourishment. Food is for information, it is for intelligence. It is for wisdom, but more so it is to create clarity within your self.
Nikki Rowe|Time cannot be saved, it can only be spent, and if not spent wisely and well, it is wasted.
Olivia Newton-John|I love food. I'm a huge food addict. I think in my past life I was a pig or something like that, but I love eating; I never stop eating.
Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book|To be left with only the trace of a memory is to gaze at an armchair that's still molded to the form of a love who has left never to return: It is to grieve, dear reader, it is to weep.
Stephan Labossiere|Never trust anyone who wants what you've got. Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|When someone tells you that you have done something that has hurt them, you don’t get to decide that you didn’t.
Ginger Scott, This is Falling|Hello, ma’am. How are you today?” he asked one day with a grin on his face the size of Kansas. I turned around looked at him and asked him what will it be, sir? “For starters,” he replied, “how about your name and phone number?”Hmm, you know if you strap a ton to your ankles and dive head first into the Atlantic, I‘ll think about it when you come back up,” I replied and smiled.My chances are that slim, eh?” he said, leaning up against the counter.Well, actually a little slimmer than that if you want me to be honest. So are you going to help pay my bills or are you wasting my precious oxygen?-Emerald Eyes Of The Sea
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most adults are knowledgeable to a child, but ignorant for their age.
Alexandra Silber|And life can have its way with me. It won't break me. Neither you nor me. That determined faith in our own resilience is our only weapon against the cynical, the weak, those who talk of honor but do not practice the word they so loudly and vigorously screech.
Ziggy Marley|In nicey-nicey land, you must be happy-clappy and positive all the time - bad news is taboo.
Terry Gou|I feel in some ways I've had a difficult life. And it makes me the kind of writer I am, in what I value, what I respect, what I hold dear.
Pessoa|My cough is much worse at night and often prevents me from sleeping. It is not so much the daytime tiredness that I resent, but the inability to proceed uninter- rupted with my dreams, to run and play with my fancies, and, at last, in the early hours of the morning, to be visited with visions like a holy madman. The dreamer is like a Delian diver, fishing for pearls from the depths of our inner sea of knowledge; and I must have solved, or rather resolved, many more problems in my sleep than in my conscious hours.
Eckhart Tolle|What's burning down is a re-creation of a period revival house patterned after a copy of a copy of a copy of a mock Tudor big manor house. It's a hundred generations removed from anything original, but the truth is aren't we all?
Richard Dawkins, Эгоистичный ген|Рассмотрим представление о Боге. Мы не знаем, как оно возникло в мимофонде. Возможно, оно возникало многократно путем независимых «мутаций». Во всяком случае это очень старая идея. Как она реплицируется? С помощью устного и письменного слова, подкрепляемого великой музыкой и изобразительным искусством. Почему эта идея обладает такой высокой выживаемостью? Напомним, что в данном случае «выживаемость» означает не выживание гена в генофонде, а выживание мима в мимофонде. На самом деле вопрос состоит в следующем: в чем та «особость» идеи о Боге, которая придает ей такую стабильность и способность проникать в культурную среду? Выживаемость хорошего мима, входящего в мимофонд, обусловливается его большой психологической привлекательностью. Идея Бога дает на первый взгляд приемлемый ответ на глубокие и волнующие вопросы о смысле существования. Она позволяет надеяться, что несправедливость на этом свете может быть вознаграждена на том свете. «Всегда протянутые руки», готовые поддержать нас в минуты нашей слабости, которые, подобно плацебо, отнюдь не теряют своей действенности, хотя и существуют лишь в нашем воображении. Вот некоторые из причин, по которым идея Бога с такой готовностью копируется последовательными поколениями индивидуальных мозгов. Бог существует, пусть лишь в форме мима с высокой выживаемостью или инфекционностью, в среде, создаваемой человеческой культурой.
Fran Lebowitz|There is one thing that has disappeared, not just from the U.S. but from the entire world, is the idea of ever being embarrassed by anything.
Kathleen Turner|The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts.
Harry Toh Jun Shen|Before the battle they had been discussing whether there might be life after death, and Windham and Rochester had made a pact that if there was, the first to die would come back and tell the other. But, said Rochester, he [Windham] never did.
Gale Harold|Life would have been easier if he'd never taught her to believe in heroes by handing her those cookies that day, but it wouldn't have been nearly as magnificent either.
Patrick Jennings, We Can't All Be Rattlesnakes|Through the window, I saw the beautiful world outside: the sky, the sun, the cacti, the rocks, and the dirt. How I longed to return to it! I licked at the air, trying to smell the desert's delicious dusty scent, but could not. How was I able to see it without smelling it? Did humans control scents as well as the temperature and the waters? Is that what windows were for, to keep out scents? Why did they wish to put invisible barriers between themselves and the world?
Deb Brammer, I Survived!: 5 Bible Characters Who Survived Disasters|If today shows no results, that doesn't mean the past wasn't working or the present isn't working. It just means we see only part of the picture. Faith believes God is working in every part of the process.
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|The next morning, Angie woke with the sun...Her eyes felt gritty and swollen.Once again she'd watered her mattress with memories.
Audrey Hepburn|Where there is less pain, there is also less pay.
Maggie Stiefvater, Sinner|Two choices; one: tough it oot, back in the room, two: phone that cunt Forrester and go tae Muirhoose, get fucked aboot and ripped oaf wi some crap gear. Nae contest.In twenty minutes it wis: — Muirhoose pal? tae the driver oan the 32 bus and quiveringly stickin ma forty-five pence intae the the box. Any port in a storm, and it’s raging in here behind ma face.
Margaret Atwood, Wilderness Tips|Ger says that Kat has a tendency to push things to extremes, to go over the edge, merely from a juvenile desire to shock, which is hardly a substitute for wit. One of these days, he says, she will go way too far. Too far for him, is what he means.
Amen Muffler|The artist must be blind to "recognized" and "unrecognized" form, deaf to the teachings and desires of his time. His open eyes must be directed to his inner life and his ears must be constantly attuned to the voice of inner necessity.
Patricia C. Wrede, Calling on Dragons|I do not believe, from what I have been told about this people, that there is anything barbarous or savage about them, except that we all call barbarous anything that is contrary to our own habits.
Erin Hunter, Tallstar's Revenge|Sandgorse chose his own destiny. Why should he get to choose yours, too?
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man|But now what? Why, now comes my master, takes me right away from my work, and my friends, and all I like, and grinds me down into the very dirt! And why? Because, he says, I forgot who I was; he says, to teach me that I am only a nigger! After all, and last of all, he comes between me and my wife, and says I shall give her up, and live with another woman. And all this your laws give him power to do, in spite of God or man. Mr. Wilson, look at it! There isn't one of all these things, that have broken the hearts of my mother and my sister, and my wife and myself, but your laws allow, and give every man power to do, in Kentucky, and none can say to him nay! Do you call these the laws of my country? Sir, I haven't any country, anymore than I have any father. But I'm going to have one. I don't want anything of your country, except to be let alone,--to go peaceably out of it; and when I get to Canada, where the laws will own me and protect me, that shall be my country, and its laws I will obey. But if any man tries to stop me, let him take care, for I am desperate. I'll fight for my liberty to the last breath I breathe. You say your fathers did it; if it was right for them, it is right for me!
Ramana Pemmaraju|Blame me not for my mistakes, for that's common, but surely do for my achievements which I'm equally unaware of.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|So Matilda’s strong young mind continued to grow, nurtured by the voices of all those authors who had sent their books out into the world like ships on the sea. These books gave Matilda a hopeful and comforting message: You are not alone.
Krista Tippett|When people ask me what my religion is, I say it's the Arsenal.
Victor Cousin, Œuvres de Victor Cousin: Introduction L'Histoire de La Philosophie. Cours de L'Histoire de La Philosophie. Cours de Philosophie Sur Le Fondemen|Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.
James Howe|I am who I say I am,I'm not some fantasyof how you think you think you knowor who I ought to be.I am a girl who is growing up in my own sweet time,I am a girl who knows enoughto know this life is mine.I am this and I am that andI am everything in-between.I'm a dreamer, I'm a dancer,I'm a part-time drama queen.I'm a worrier, I'm a warrior,I'm a loner and a friend,I'm an outspoken defenderof justice to the end.I'm the girl in the mirror who likes the girl she sees,I'm the girl in the gypsy shawlwith music in her knees.I'm a singer and a scholar,I'm a girl who has been kissed.I'm a solver of equationswearing bangles on my wrist.I am bigger than i ever knew,I am stronger than before,I am every girl I have ever been,and all that are in store.I am who I say I am.I'm not some fantasy.I am the me I am inside.I am whoI choseto be.
Avishek Mondal|Be the decision, not ego.
Rick Warren|Remember how far you've come, not just how far you have to go. You are not where you want to be, but neither are you where you used to be.
Edgar Allan Poe|It was many and many a year ago,In a kingdom by the sea,That a maiden there lived whom you may knowBy the name of ANNABEL LEE;And this maiden she lived with no other thoughtThan to love and be loved by me.I was a child and she was a child,In this kingdom by the sea;But we loved with a love that was more than love-I and my Annabel Lee;With a love that the winged seraphs of heavenCoveted her and me.And this was the reason that, long ago,In this kingdom by the sea,A wind blew out of a cloud, chillingMy beautiful Annabel Lee;So that her highborn kinsman cameAnd bore her away from me,To shut her up in a sepulchreIn this kingdom by the sea.The angels, not half so happy in heaven,Went envying her and me-Yes!- that was the reason (as all men know,In this kingdom by the sea)That the wind came out of the cloud by night,Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.But our love it was stronger by far than the loveOf those who were older than we-Of many far wiser than we-And neither the angels in heaven above,Nor the demons down under the sea,Can ever dissever my soul from the soulOf the beautiful Annabel Lee.For the moon never beams without bringing me dreamsOf the beautiful Annabel Lee;And the stars never rise but I feel the bright eyesOf the beautiful Annabel Lee;And so, all the night-tide, I lie down by the sideOf my darling- my darling- my life and my bride,In the sepulchre there by the sea,In her tomb by the sounding sea.
Norman Lear|Fun I love, but too much fun is of all things the most loathsome. Mirth is better than fun, and happiness is better than mirth.
N.K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season|You can never see yourself the way you are to someone else - to a man looking at you, from behind, when you don't know - because in a mirror your own head is always cranked around over your shoulder. A coy, inviting pose. You can hold up another mirror to see the back view, but then what you see is what so many painters have loved to paint - Woman Looking In Mirror, said to be an allegory of vanity. Though it is unlikely to be vanity, but the reverse: a search for flaws. What is it about me? can so easily be construed as What is wrong with me?
Ruth Clampett, Animate Me|And all of the scientific data, statistical facts and empirical evidence can't compete with the indefinable heart's desire. For if in the end, she loves you, and she chooses you…none of the rest of this will matter.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Along with the standard computer warranty agreement which said that if the machine 1) didn't work, 2) didn't do what the expensive advertisements said, 3) electrocuted the immediate neighborhood, 4) and in fact failed entirely to be inside the expensive box when you opened it, this was expressly, absolutely, implicitly and in no event the fault or responsibility of the manufacturer, that the purchaser should consider himself lucky to be allowed to give his money to the manufacturer, and that any attempt to treat what had just been paid for as the purchaser's own property would result in the attentions of serious men with menacing briefcases and very thin watches. Crowley had been extremely impressed with the warranties offered by the computer industry, and had in fact sent a bundle Below to the department that drew up the Immortal Soul agreements, with a yellow memo form attached just saying: 'Learn, guys...
Glenne Headly|I don't have freedom in the United States to go into a public school and preach the Gospel, nor is a student free in a public school to pray, or a teacher free to read the Bible publicly to the students. At the same time, we have a great degree of freedom for which I am grateful.
Kailin Gow, Bitter Frost|the dream had come again, like the sun after a storm. It was the same dream that had come many times before, battering down the doors of my mind night after night since i was a child. it was the sort of dreams all girls dream, i suppose- a dream of mysterious worlds and hidden doorways, of leaves that breathe and make music when they are rustled in the wind, and river that bubbles and froth with secrets.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When catastrophe strikes compassion and love unite. A storm can't break the spirit of love. A storm may crack your windows, tear off your roof, wreck your house, but it absolutely cannot destroy the foundation you hold within yourself. Stay strong. Stay rooted. Carry love in your heart, always, and know the sacred things in life can't be touched.
Maria Montessori|Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.
Danica McKellar|The model sanctuary was borne of a complex, political, societal debate. It was proposed to us from various bodies that we give models medicals once a year, and if they didn't pass that medical, there's a chance they'd legally lose their right to work.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|...My hands shook, and I stared at them. Another loss of control. That was the second time this month. Sooner or later, I’d break, if the department didn’t put me down first.
Max Muller|Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|The only prescription for morality is this: Remember that every woman could have been your mother, every girl could be your daughter. Remember that every man could have been your father, every boy could be your son. When it comes to matters of the heart, that's all that needs to be kept in mind, always, at all times. Whatever form of hurt you cause, will echo in your children one day. Whatever form of judgments you make, must be held up against the condition of your father or your mother. When this is done— one sees that there is no room to judge and that there is no room to hurt, another.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|The further we are from the last disaster, the closer we are to the next.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Good ideas never require guns; and if an idea requires guns, it is not a good idea!
Mehmet Murat ildan|You must wear clothes which suits your own soul, not your own society! What you wish to do is much more important than what your society wants you to do!
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Penises... if used incorrectly it becomes man's worst enemy, his worst nightmare.
Samantha Young, Smokeless Fire|there were moments throughout the whole day when she had to shake herself because she found her thoughts climbing over her like creeping ivy, scratching and biting into her skin and entangling her in their morbid clutch. Because... wasn't ot true now that not only was she not human but she was kind of a 'thing' rather than Jinn? The Seal was an object with no emotion or thought or feeling. It has one purpose. To command the Jinn. What did that really make her then?
Fritz Sauckel|Few men in their 70s looked as good as my father did. What was his secret? Genes, maybe, since he didn't exercise or diet, and he kept a candy drawer, drank a pot of black coffee every day, and read in the middle of the night. Still, he took such joy in being a dad - and in life in general - and his happiness showed.
Freeman Dyson, From Eros to Gaia|my first recommendation to people in charge of science education is, more money for public libraries and museums. Public libraries and museums ought to be as common as schools.
Steven Seagal|If we can increase the share of Islamic finance for the world, countries can benefit - and certainly, Malaysia can benefit from that.
Michelle Phan|I've always felt like an artistic person. I can't draw or paint or sculpt. I never really had technical skills, but I've always felt like I appreciate really beautiful things, and part of taking a good photograph is being able to recognize beauty.
Manprit Kaur|Being strong doesn't mean that you never break! Being strong means that even if you break into a million pieces, you still have the courage to pick those pieces up, put them back together, and keep going on.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Family was even a bigger word than I imagined, wide and without limitations, if you allowed it, defying easy definition. You had family that was supposed to be family and wasn't, family that wasn't family but was, halves becoming whole, wholes splitting into two; it was possible to lack whole, honest love and connection from family in lead roles, yet to be filled to abundance by the unexpected supporting players.
J.M. August|Besides, skin color was skin color, right? It was just the color of your goddamned skin. There was nothing anybody could do about that. You were born with it. Like some people were born with big feet or blue eyes. You didn't make the choice. Your parents did. Or God did.
Krishan Kumar, Utopianism|Utopia retains throughout its long history the basic form of the narrative of a journey... First comes the picture of a happy people in a beautiful and well-ordered setting; then comes the lecture on how it all came about, how it works, and, by implication, how it might be made to work in the traveller's own society.
Dani Alexander, Shattered Glass|I take my time because I love how it feels to carry her, the way she needs me, the way I need to protect her.
Henry Miller, Stand Still Like the Hummingbird|Every day the choice is presented to us, in a thousand different ways, to live up to the spirit which is in us or to deny it. Whenever we talk about right and wrong we are turning the light of scrutiny upon our neighbors instead of upon ourselves. We judge in order not to be judged. We uphold the law, because it is easier than to defy it. We are all lawbreakers, all criminals, all murderers, at heart. It is not our business to get after the murderers, but to get after the murderer which exists in each and every one of us. And I mean by murder the supreme kind which consists in murdering the spirit.
Debasish Mridha|With high hope and optimism, start swimming with time.
Robert Vanleeuwen|The true character of a man is not seen through his choices, but the passion in his heart.
Sam Levenson|Siblings: children of the same parents, each of whom is perfectly normal until they get together.
Phil Robertson|What's the most humiliating thing? When you take someone to dinner or you cook somebody dinner and they get food poisoning. I mean, how bad do you feel?
Adam Rapp, Under the Wolf, Under the Dog|And then again, maybe it was some weird noise in my brother’s head, some little digital murmur he never told anyone about. I’ve heard about that – how you wake up one day and there’s like this permanent dial tone droning somewhere behind the meat in your head, a little Dustbuster trapped where the brain saves you from going crazy. After a while you wind up ending it all just to make things quiet again.
Bob Iger|Every great work, every big accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the big achievement, comes apparent failure and discouragement.
Émile Durkheim, The Elementary Forms of Religious Life|It is just when people are all engaged in snooping on themselves and one another that they become anesthetized to the whole process. Tranquilizers and anesthetics, private and corporate, become the largest business in the world just as the world is attempting to maximize every form of alert. Sound-light shows, as new cliché, are in effect mergers, retrievers of the tribal condition. It is a state that has already overtaken private enterprise, as individual businesses form into massive conglomerates. As information itself becomes the largest business in the world, data banks know more about individual people than the people do themselves. The more the data banks record about each one of us, the less we exist.
Michelle Madow, Vengeance|One thing at a time,' said the Boy. 'You must be patient. This is a day of hope and wild revenge. Do not interrupt me. I am a courier from another world. I bring you golden words.Listen!' said the Boy. 'Where I come from there is no more fear. But there is a roaring and a bellowing and a cracking of bones. And sometimes there is silence when, lolling on your thrones, your slaves adore you.
Diane Ackerman, An Alchemy of Mind: The Marvel and Mystery of the Brain|One of the major differences I see in the political climate today is that there is less collective support for coming to critical consciousness – in communities, in institutions, among friends.
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|The vocational approach at NOCCA (New Orleans Center for the Creative Arts) helps build grit in students. It teaches them how to be single-minded in pursuit of a goal, to sacrifice for the sake of a passion. The teachers demand hard work from their kids because they know, from personal experience, that creative success requires nothing less.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|We are living in an era in which billions of people are grappling to promote communication, tolerance, and understanding over the more destructive forces of war, terrorism, and political chaos that have characterized the beginning of the 21st Century.
Farshad Asl|The triangle of success for an Entrepreneur is not only composed of his Net Worth, but also his Self Worth, and Net Works.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|On Alex Rodriguez's difficulty performing in clutch situations, Joe Torre writes, "In key situations, he can't get himself to concern himself with getting the job done instead of how it looks. There's a certain freefall you go through when you commit yourself without a guarantee that it's always going to be good. There's a trust and commitment thing that has to allow yourself fail, allow yourself to be embarrassed, allow yourself to be vulnerable
Haven Kimmel|And then there were men who were violently afraid of losing to a woman, the scariest men in the world. They become dictators, heads of state, bureaucrats, men with deadly weapons, they were everywhere. Sometimes she could pick one out with a look, but they were often charming, they had to have the power to attract in order to dominate.
Simone de Beauvoir, Prime of Life|Wherever a choice has had to be made between the man of reason and the madman, the world has unhesitatingly followed the madman. For the madman appeals to what is fundamental, to passion and the instincts; the philosophers to what is superficial and supererogatory - reason.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Friendship, like other kinds of altruism, is vulnerable to cheaters, and we have a special name for them: fair-weather friends. These sham friends reap the benefits of associating with a valuable person and mimic signs of warmth in an effort to become valued themselves. But when a little rain falls, they are nowhere in sight.
A.E. Via, Nothing Special|I've always believed," she replied, "that if God is going to be strict about anything, that He will be strict about the rules concerning hate, not love. And if two people love each other, that has to be better than two people hating each other. Beyond that, it's for God to sort out. I'm too frail to be such a judge."--Deaths of Jocasta
Jennifer Belle, Going Down|But always, to her, red and green cabbages were to be jade and burgundy, chrysoprase and prophyry. Life has no weapons against a woman like that.
Michael Bay|I make movies for teenage boys. Oh dear, what a crime.
Andy Murray|The ESPN complex is a 255-acre playland, as beautiful and perfect as the Magic Kingdom itself down the road - except it's sports!
Bret Easton Ellis, Glamorama|The better you look, the more you see.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|No two people will ever see or feel things in the same way, Merry. The challenge is to be truthful when you write. Don't approximate. Don't settle for the easiest combination of words. Go searching instead for those that explain exactly what you think. What you feel.
Unarine Ramaru|The mindset you have, determines the next step you take.
Douglas Coupland|In the future, when we get serious about executing things correctly, this thing will be very easy to do. If we find out that this technique does not work, I don't intend to step on dead bodies to achieve something because I don't have that kind of ambition. My ambition is to help people.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|But the powerful words of the Pastor repeated in my head, “There’s a Champion inside of you!
James Madison, The Federalist Papers|If the choice is between two evils, it is still evil,
Robin Wasserman, The Book of Blood and Shadow|there is one question on my head , its people complicated or life complicated or people make it complicated or me so complicated what complicated even mean ?
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Just because we’re adults doesn’t mean we should grow up! The world’s a playground for us, Melody, and I for one intend to play!
Jennifer Granholm|I was introduced to the Turducken in New Orleans. And it wasn't Thanksgiving. Glenn at the Gourmet Butcher Block brought it by, and I had never heard of it or had seen one, and they put it in the booth, and it smelled so good that I had to taste it. And it was good. Then Thanksgiving came, and we got one in addition to the traditional turkey.
Lauren Kate, Torment|Cam's wings were so bright they were almost blinding as they pulsed. "Holy Hell," Callie whispered, blinking."More or less," Arriane said
Frederick William Faber|Our friends interpret the world and ourselves to us, if we take them tenderly and truly.
James C. Dobson|I still remember what my father said "There are on the stadium 22 idiots, which are running after ball.". From where did he knew that??He knew it from guarding the stadium, so my question is why we don't watch how a dog catch a ball?But we watch 22 idiots running after the ball??What are the differences??That the dog can't kick the ball, but the humanity can?? - Wow, wow that's a great discovery for a dumb person!
Dean Devlin|George was getting alot of independence for himself in those days. He was writing more, and wanted things to go his way - where, when we first started things basically went John and Paul's way. You know, 'cuz they were the writers.
John Knowles, A Separate Peace|Those of us who have the luck to enjoy good health forget about this vast parallel universe of the unwell-their daily miseries, their banal ordeals. Only when you cross that frontier into the world of ill-health do you recognize its quiet, massive presence, its brooding permanence.
Unarine Ramaru|Education is not life planning, it is life.
Oscar Robertson|You know, I change my hair color a lot, I do all sorts of different things.
Johnny Depp|I get up in the morning, have a job to do, go there, come home, be with the family, that's it.
Barack Obama|This was not uncommon in government-run operations, where a request that someone do their job often induced a catatonic state that might last anywhere from a couple of minutes to an hour.
Debasish Mridha|Before believing, find the truth; before accepting, try to understand.
Alexandra Elle|I have been hurt so bad but I still love so hard, I admire my heart for that.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|As for writing, that's a cruel hard business. Unless you're very lucky it'll break your heart.
Anne Graham Lotz|What does God the Father look like? Although I've never seen Him, I believe - as with the Holy Spirit - He looks like Jesus looked on earth.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Even at the moment when the last page is turned, a great part of the book, its finer detail, is already vague and doubtful. A little later, after a few days or months, how much is really left of it?
Claire Legrand, Foxheart|You know nothing about my grief", said Anastasia. " So speak nothing of it.
Martha Cooley, The Archivist|The porter spends his days in the Library keeping strict vigil over this catacomb of books, passing along between the shelves and yet never paying heed to the almost audible susurrus of desire- the desire every book has to be taken down and read, to live, to come into being in somebody's mind. He even hands the volumes over the counter, seeks them out in their proper places or returns them there without once realising that a Book is a Person and not a Thing.
Steven J. Lawson|The Word of God judges the thoughts. The word "judge" means to critique, to be or act as a critic. This is to say that Scripture is able to accurately audit a person's life and size it up for what it is. The Word of God is able to examine the unseen attitudes and motivations, expose the secret ambitions and desires, and then render the divine verdict. Man looks on the outward appearance, but God looks upon the heart. This sharp, two-edged sword is able to penetrate into the hidden crevices of the heart and judge what only God can see. The Word makes known what we alone know about ourselves - and often what we do not yet know of ourselves. Scripture plunges deep into the unseen places of the human spirit and judges the private matters of the heart. Only the razor-sharp Word of God can do this.
Drew Barrymore|I repeat... that all power is a trust; that we are accountable for its exercise; that from the people and for the people all springs, and all must exist.
Taylor Patton|Some plant lips on Mother Earth in a display of gratitude.Meanwhile, she is kissing the soles of your feet, recognizing the one to be worshiped is you.
Andrew Murray, Humility|Your patient has become humble; have you drawn his attention to the fact? All virtues are less formidable to us once the man is aware that he has them, but this is specially true of humility.
Clive Barker|Don't let the evil actions of broken people define your view of our world! Don’t be terrorized into a diluted, hopeless reality.
Walter Scott|Do not measure your loss by itself; if you do, it will seem intolerable; but if you will take all human affairs into account you will find that some comfort is to be derived from them.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|That word, confidence, was like butter on a hot stove for Darien, what he considered the most attractive quality in a woman.
E.W. Howe|A man should be taller, older, heavier, uglier, and hoarser than his wife.
Sarah Ferguson|Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill because they pissed me off!
Billy Sothern, Down in New Orleans: Reflections from a Drowned City|Vice may triumph for a time, crime may flaunt its victories in the face of honest toilers, but in the end the law will follow the wrong-doer to a bitter fate, and dishonor and punishment will be the portion of those who sin.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|You are the night.""I am the night," I repeated."You are the night."I cocked my head, sending him a questioning look. "I am the night?""Jane!""Why is it that when you say my name, it sounds like a curse word?
Ilchi Lee, Calligraphic Meditation for Everyday Happiness|The enlightened worry more about the problems of the world than about their own problems, and their longing for the well-being of all life grows deeper,making the suffering of all people, all creatures, and all things their own. This is a gift brought by enlightenment, which, at the same time, brings deep anguish.
Sarah Gavron|Women have talent and intelligence but, due to social constraints and prejudices, it is still a long distance away from the goal of gender equality.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|Everything is going to be okay, Princess Eloise," he whispered against her ear. "I promise."But it wouldn't. She knew better than to ever trust a man who promised happy endings in the middle of a kidnapping.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have life, strength and time, it is enough to perform your sacred task.
Leonardo da Vinci|Perhaps more than any other, the food industry is very sensitive to consumer demand.
Stephen King|There was nothing … and nothing … and then the car bumped up again. There was a muffled pop, the sound of a small pumpkin exploding in a microwave oven.Morris cut the wheel to the left and there was another bump as the Biscayne went back into the parking area. He looked in the mirror and saw that Curtis’s head was gone.
Airicka Phoenix, Always Yours, Baby|My mouth went dry as I tried to remember all of Poppie’s tips for kissing over the years. She told me no guy wanted a girl with a mouth as wide as a guppy, who sucked his tongue with the force of a Dyson vacuum cleaner first time, or licked him to death like an overeager puppy. She’d told me to just purse my lips and let him lead and take control. Don’t slobber, don’t slobber, don’t slobber, I chanted to myself as he got closer and closer
Erik Pevernagie|It is good," he thought, "to get a taste of everything for oneself, which one needs to know. That lust for the world and riches do not belong to the good things, I have already learned as a child. I have known it for a long time, but I have experienced only now. And now I know it, don't just know it in my memory, but in my eyes, in my heart, in my stomach. Good for me, to know this!
Eve Babitz, Sex and Rage: Advice to Young Ladies Eager for a Good Time: A Novel|Evermore in the world is this marvelous balance of beauty and disgust, magnificence and rats.
Kelsey Ketch, Daughter of Isis|Touch is a magical thing, Natti,” he explained. “It can comfort.” He raised one hand and stroked her cheek, soft and gentle. “It can entice.” His thumb moved along her jaw and applied pressure as it traveled down her neck, causing her to shiver with delight. “And it can hurt. Whatever the intensions, it brings two people together. It makes a certain . . . connection.
S.L. Jennings|She'd stutter all the reasons why she shouldn't, shaking her head adamantly. But her body..her body would grow hot with excitement. She'd get wet at the thrill of it. So fucking wet that i'd smell her, telling me she's not even wearing panties to smother her spicy scent. When my hand touched hers, still clutched to her chest, she'd flinch but she wouldn't pull away. She'd let me guide it between her swollen breasts and down to her flat belly, brushing the bit of exposed skin where the hem of her shirt rides up. Then I'd let her fingers play with the jewel in her navel, manipulating each digit as if that diamond-studded barbell was her clit. Demonstrating how I would stroke it for her.
Spencer W. Kimball|Service is the measure of greatness; it always has been true; it is true today, and it always will be true, that he is greatest who does the most of good. Nearly all of our controversies and combats grow out of the fact that we are trying to get something from each other--there will be peace when our aim is to do something for each other. The human measure of a human life is its income; the divine measure of a life is its outgo, its overflow--its contribution to the welfare of all.
Pete Hautman, Short Money|Maupassant is a man of mitigating circumstances, the lawyer who can bring the jurors around by demonstrating that they too could have committed such a crime. We are all murderers.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't deal bitterly with the enemy you see. Deal with the greater enemy that sent your enemy to you. If you focus on dealing with the "retailer", remember that the "producer" can employ more "retailers" and what that means is that your life business will redefine you as "dealer of enemies". Satan is behind the plot!
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|When one acts on pity against justice, it is the good whom one punishes for the sake of the evil; when one saves the guilty from suffering, it is the innocent whom one forces to suffer.
Michael Crichton, Travels|When a person dies, they cross over from the realm of freedom to the realm of slavery. Life is freedom, and dying is a gradual denial of freedom. Consciousness first weakens and then disappears. The life-processes – respiration, the metabolism, the circulation – continue for some time, but an irrevocable move has been made towards slavery; consciousness, the flame of freedom, has died out.The stars have disappeared from the night sky; the Milky Way has vanished; the sun has gone out; Venus, Mars and Jupiter have been extinguished; millions of leaves have died; the wind and the oceans have faded away; flowers have lost their colour and fragrance; bread has vanished; water has vanished; even the air itself, the sometimes cool, sometimes sultry air, has vanished. The universe inside a person has ceased to exist. This universe is astonishingly similar to the universe that exists outside people. It is astonishingly similar to the universes still reflected within the skulls of millions of living people. But still more astonishing is the fact that this universe had something in it that distinguished the sound of its ocean, the smell of its flowers, the rustle of its leaves, the hues of its granite and the sadness of its autumn fields both from those of every other universe that exists and ever has existed within people, and from those of the universe that exists eternally outside people. What constitutes the freedom, the soul of an individual life, is its uniqueness. The reflection of the universe in someone's consciousness is the foundation of his or her power, but life only becomes happiness, is only endowed with freedom and meaning when someone exists as a whole world that has never been repeated in all eternity. Only then can they experience the joy of freedom and kindness, finding in others what they have already found in themselves.
Molleen Zwiker, Unreliable|We'd been so ... clueless that being in heat is not, by a long shot, the same as being in love, or that being in love is not, by a long shot, the same as loving.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|When an inscrutable technology becomes an invisible technology, we would be wise to be concerned. At that point, the technology's assumptions and intentions have infiltrated our own desires and actions. We no longer know whether the software is aiding s or controlling us. We're behind the wheel, but we can't be sure who's driving.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|It's the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|It has an L on it. L for love. See? It's the key to the universe, Dad. You said you were looking for it. You told Mom you were. I found it for you so you don't have to look anymore. So you can come home at night.
Akira Kurosawa|First sign of madness, talking to your own head.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|The power of things inheres in the memories they gather up inside them, and also in the vicissitudes of our imagination, and our memory--of this there is no doubt.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The far we can see, we are! It is time we lifted our eyes beyond the horizon of our present boundaries and see goodies ahead of us.
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|With broken wings, I will learn to fly; because one way or another, I'm gonna live until I die.
Malti Bhojwani|But I don't want to just believe it, I want it to be true.
Richard House, The Kills|Stories are one of the most powerful ways in which we communicate ideas among ourselves. They are the stuff that brings us together, the things we celebrate, the things we share with one another.
Woo Myung, Heaven's Formula For Saving The World| The first Abenaki word I ever learned was Bitawbagok – the word they use for Lake Champlain. It means, literally, the waters between. Since I’ve come back from Quebec, I have thought of my address as Bitawkdakinna. I don’t know enough Abenaki to be sure it’s a real word, but translated, it is the world between. I had become a bridge between the natural world and the human one. I fit into both places and belonged to neither. Half of my heart lived with the wild wolves, the other half lived with my family.
Jay Kristoff, Illuminae|Sometimes, the emptiness comes to fill the space between my heart and my head. It consumes every thought, every corner of my mind, like demons that can’t be put to bed.
Jasmin Darznik, The Good Daughter: A Memoir of My Mother's Hidden Life|If he could not restore her to the status of a respectable woman, then Sohrab would make her into something else entirely, something hitherto unknown in their entire extended family, an educated woman, a professional woman.
Egon Bahr|The real triumph of the state occurs when its subjects refer to it as “we,” like football fans talking about the home team.
Gabriele Russo, Incompetent Gods|Lucifer had been ranting his endless laundry list of complaints for forty-five minutes now, and Louhi still didn’t know exactly what she was supposed to apologize for. There was something about her plant having eaten his cape while he had been waiting, as for the rest… She wished she could read an immortal’s thoughts, but their brains were constructs, simulations… Which actually explained a lot.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Two chemicals called actin and myosin evolved eons ago to allow the muscles in insect wings to contract and relax. Thus, insects learned to fly. When one of those paired molecules are absent, wings will grow but they cannot flap and are therefore useless. Today, the same two proteins are responsible for the beating of the human heart, and when one is absent, the person’s heartbeat is inefficient and weak, ultimately leading to heart failure.Again, science marvels at the way molecules adapt over millions of years, but isn’t there a deeper intent? In our hearts, we feel the impulse to fly, to break free of boundaries. Isn’t that the same impulse nature expressed when insects began to take flight? The prolactin that generates milk in a mother’s breast is unchanged from the prolactin that sends salmon upstream to breed, enabling them to cross from saltwater to fresh.
Luana Ehrlich, One Night in Tehran|In some situations lying can also be considered as a good thing, at least for you anyway.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Three|His hand lay across my stomach as he slept soundly. I entwined my fingers with his and breathed through the warmth that seeped through my chest. Such a simple, sweet thing to do, yet holding hands in bed was incredibly intimate.
Marie Zhuikov, Plover Landing|The waitress serving the wedding party was a short young blonde. She took their orders efficiently and delivered everyone’s food correctly. "Ifonly she knew my story," Melora mused. then she thought again, "Better yet,maybe she’s in the middle of her own story." Who knew what things might havehappened already on the island to this typical college-age waitress.
Sandesh Hukpachongbang|Its not about what we take with us when we die,Its about what we leave behind.
Rajneesh Shrma|When people don't have much money, they invest in emotions... when some people have lots of money, they invest in emotional fools !
Henri J.M. Nouwen|You are not your illness. You have an individual story to tell. You have a name, a history, a personality. Staying yourself is part of the battle.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|The Nevernever is dying, human. It grows smaller and smaller every decade. Too much progress, too much technology. Mortals are losing their faith in anything but science. Even the children of man are consumed by progress. They sneer at the old stories and are drawn to the newest gadgets, computers, or video games. They no longer believe in monsters of magic. As cities grown and technology takes over the world, belief and imagination fade away, and so do we.""What can we do to stop it?" I whispered."Nothing." Grimalkin raised a hind leg and scratched an ear. "Maybe the Nevenever will hold out till the end of the world. Maybe it will disappear in a few centuries. Everything dies eventually, human.
Marilyn Bay Wentz|Some day...as you grow older, you will find imagination sometimes produces a truth that is greater than any fact.
Alice Childress|The "good old times"-all times  when old  are good.
Raymond Chandler, The Notebooks of Raymond Chandler; and English Summer: A Gothic Romance|There are two kinds of truth: the truth that lights the way and the truth that warms the heart. The first of these is science, and the second is art. Neither is independent of the other or more important than the other. Without art science would be as useless as a pair of high forceps in the hands of a plumber. Without science art would become a crude mess of folklore and emotional quackery. The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridiculous.", February 19, 1938)
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Each positive thought is your refuge and your sanctuary, where in that thoughtful moment, you are safe.
Pet Torres, Illusory Love III|He was just a taker. She was a taker in her way too. They were taking each other, and they loved each other for that. -June Havoc
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Before you “re-think” your faith, it may be wise to examine the critics of the Bible. In the end your faith will be even stronger.
Lucy Ellmann, Dot in the Universe|I wish there were strict laws to stop people from corrupting other people's mind with their negativity thus influencing them to form biased opinion of someone, some situation or overall way of living.
Philip K. Dick|Moreover, man carries in his heart the desire always to wield his scientific knowledge in service of the greater good. He would of course never use it for destructive purposes. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! ...
Barry Marshall|It is certainly important to be looking for cures to medical disorders, but it is equally important to conduct research on human health and well-being.
Banana Yoshimoto, N.P|Living like that utterly convinced me of the extreme limitations of language. I was just a child then, so I had only an intuitive understanding of the degree to which one losses control of words once they are spoken or written. It was then that I first felt a deep curiosity about language, and understood it as a tool that encompasses both a single moment and eternity.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|You kill by consent, every time you let something… pervert the balance when you have the power to stop it.
|Unlike people, God will never turn His back on you. Trust in Him with all your heart, and you will never have to worry about being betrayed.
Sergio Troncoso, The Nature of Truth|A group of ten prisoners from Dachau, I was with them, we hid in the forest to wait for the Americans. The Germans had already left everything behind. We had food but no weapons. For days we could hear bombs exploding around us. We just wanted to survive long enough for the Americans to control the territory. We didn’t want to die. At that point, our prison uniforms were the only things to keep us from being shot on the spot by the Americans. That was all we had. Who would the Americans believe? Real prisoners or guards dressed as prisoners? Those devils might even say we were the Germans. This was our nightmare.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|People are attracted to leaders who are skillful in motivating them to become more, do more, and achieve more...
Joyce, T.S.|Everyone is effed up, Dalton. At some point, you just have to find someone to share the baggage with.
Adam Kovacevic|The cross I made needs no man on its chest, for its eyes are where its heart is.
Holly Marie Combs|In Barack Obama, Democrats have put forth a man of strong religious faith who is comfortable connecting his spiritual life to his public role as a policymaker.
Cherise Sinclair, The Dom's Dungeon|There was always a way, when one knew what one wanted.
Gofaone Motlogelwa|Fashion is not a government, is not political; and yet it mantles the world much the way religion does. It includes and enforces its own rules, liturgies, disciplines. It has its own territories, its own language, its own hierarchy.
Augustine of Hippo|Le bonheur, c'est continuer à désirer ce que l'on a déjà.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|Do not tell me what I think you're going to or I swear to God, I'm going to fly to Brazil and go all black ops on this guy for cheating on you.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|As you take the normal opportunities of your daily life and create something of beauty and helpfulness, you improve not only the world around you but also the world within you.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A mission without action is equally ineffective and futile as action without mission. Use the “power of precision,” and remember language shapes thought and thought shapes action.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Little Italy|The air between them began to settle into a silence. Awkward, yet softly exciting. Like an unexpected snow day.
