Deyth Banger|In life and love, there are no impossibilities.
Steve Knox|The greatest power we have in life is not external, but internal.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Feminism will better succeed with collective effort, but feminist success can also rise out of personal conduct. I hear many young women say they can’t find well-known feminists with whom they identify. That can be disheartening, but I say, let us (try to) become the feminists we would like to see moving through the world.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|A true legacy is established over a lifetime and relates to what a human being does for others, not for himself.
Robert Motherwell|A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|If it's true what is said, that only the wise discover the wise, then it must also be true that the lone wolf symbolizes either the biggest fool on the planet or the biggest Einstein on the planet.
Lyman Bryson|The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is a substitute for intelligence.
Winifred Gallagher|Yet he argued that even a tedious topic can take on a certain fascination if you make an effort to look at it afresh: "The subject must be made to show new aspects of itself; to prompt new questions; in a word, to change. From an unchanging subject the attention inevitably wanders away.
S.L. Whyte, Stelladaur: Finding Tir Na Nog|Remember, Reilly, gossip is just people's insecurity and fear of what they don't really understand," Eilam said. "It is unconsciously propagated to feed their egos.""Doesn't it ever bother you?", Reilly asked as he pulled the top off his yogurt."I've lived too long to put any stock in the external judgements of others,or to take anything personally.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|... eloquence is merely the product of intelligence. History is not shaped by men of genius. It is shaped by men of unwavering will. Men who focus whatever brains they have on the savvy application of power. In the end, brawn will always do the heavy lifting. Brawn will always win the war.
Charles Benoit, You|When did swearing become so easy? You still would never swear in front of your parents or most adults, but when you're with your friends it's like every fifth word. Why couldn't learning Spanish be that easy?
Jed Rubenfeld|There is no mystery to happiness.Unhappy men are all alike. Some wound they suffered long ago, some wish denied, some blow to pride, some kindling spark of love put out by scorn- or worse, indifference- cleaves to them, or they to it, and so they live each day within a shroud of yesterdays. The happy man does not look back. He doesn't look ahead. He lives in the present. But there's the rub. The present can never deliver one thing: meaning. The ways of happiness and meaning are not the same. To find happiness, a man need only live in the moment; he need only live for the moment. But if he wants meaning- the meaning of his dreams, his secrets, his life- a man must reinhabit his past, however dark, and live for the future, however uncertain. Thus nature dangles happiness and meaning before us all, insisting only that we choose between them. For myself, I have always chosen meaning.
Avra Amar Filion|When your out of space, your out of place at the same time.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|Carrie, sitting there over your coffee cup in a wasteland of worn-out silver wedding rings, feeding yourself confections of motherhood like the display cakes in the bakery where you worked- all trimming over cardboard.
Panayiotis Zavos|I knew everything in the forest. I had a secret home tree, where I pretty much lived. I also liked rooftops and streetlamps. My parents would get calls saying 'He's out there again.'
Bryan Ferry|You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed?
Alice Hoffman, Skylight Confessions|Though I would have died rather than told anyone, I was worried my exuberant drug use had damaged my brain and my nervous system and maybe even my soul in some irreparable and perhaps not readily apparent way.
Sayed Kashua|Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
Clive Barker|I was a weird little kid. I was very irritable, bored, frustrated. I felt my imagination bubbling inside my head without having any way to express itself. Given a crayon and paper, I would not draw a train or a house. I would draw these monsters, beasts and demons.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|Whatever you lay your hands on, self-esteem is visible.
Brendan Phibbs, The Other Side of Time: A Combat Surgeon in World War II|To take a specific example, a researcher in the Journal of Traumatic Stress interviewed 129 women with documented histories of child sexual abuse that occurred between the ages of 10 months and 12 years. Of those, 38 percent had forgotten the abuse. Of the remaining women who remembered, 16 percent reported that they had for a period of time forgotten but subsequently recovered their memories. [46] Thus, during that time a "false negative" recorded for those women. These are the sort of distinctions for which Elaine Showalter in Hystories: Hysterical Epidemics and Modern Media fails to account.
Julia Barkey|Having answered the call, the relief far outweighed the discomfort as the heat and the thin dry air of the new word enveloped her...The demon before her - and she hadn't been told for sure that's what they were, she was taking an educated guess- had a figure pressed against him, one scaly limb securing its prey.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If ever it's necessary to ride the bandwagon, it's done with one leg swinging out and eyes scoping the fields.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you don't have any good idea, you are likely to waste money if it's given to you! If you don't have an idea, you can't even know how much money you need... This is because; it's your ideas that give you the cost to pay!
Louis MacNeice|Everyone is not able, or inclined, to write poetry in the narrower sense any more than everyone is qualified to take part in a walking race. But just as all of us can and do walk, so all of us can and do use language poetically.
Fidelis O. Mkparu|A true friend let’s you know that the door is always open, even when it’s closed.
George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman|Your friends are all the dullest dogs I know. They are not beautiful: they are only decorated. They are not clean: they are only shaved and starched. They are not dignified: they are only fashionably dressed. They are not educated: they are only college passmen. They are not religious: they are only pewrenters. They are not moral: they are only conventional. They are not virtuous: they are only cowardly. They are not even vicious: they are only “frail.” They are not artistic: they are only lascivious. They are not prosperous: they are only rich. They are not loyal, they are only servile; not dutiful, only sheepish; not public spirited, only patriotic; not courageous, only quarrelsome; not determined, only obstinate; not masterful, only domineering; not self-controlled, only obtuse; not self-respecting, only vain; not kind, only sentimental; not social, only gregarious; not considerate, only polite; not intelligent, only opinionated; not progressive, only factious; not imaginative, only superstitious; not just, only vindictive; not generous, only propitiatory; not disciplined, only cowed; and not truthful at all: liars every one of them, to the very backbone of their souls.
Alon Calinao Dy, Best Love Poems Collection|Love has no time constraints.There is no time frame for when a person can fall in love with another,it just happens.It's spontaneous, unpredictable, it's timeless.
Benigno Aquino III|Vine is where 'Don't' started popping off. A lot of famous Viners used the song, and that was crazy because I had never been a part of something like that. I drank champagne for the first time when it got 100,000 plays.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Training?'Clary echoed."But we trained yesterday.""Some of us have to train everyday,Clary."Jace didnt sound angry,but there was a harshness to his tone,and Clary flushed."Ill see you later,"he added without looking at her,and practically flung himself toward the door.As it shut behind him,Clary reached up and angerily yanked the pins out of her hair.It cascaded in tangles down around her shoulders."Clary,"Luke said gently.He stood up."What are you doing?""My hair."She yanked the last pin,hard.Her eyes were shining,and simon could tell she was forcibly wiling herself not to cry."I dont want to wear it like this.It looks stupid."'No,it dosent'Luke said
John Bytheway|you cannot find happiness, outside the plan of happiness!
Arnaud Saint-Paul, The Human Project|Playing along in the yard, The blue sky sparkles against the earthly green,Creating such harmony!A pond, nearby.Untroubled waters mirrors the ether's dreams.A grand echo of my Divine Heart!I am One
Bear Grylls|An unexamined faith is not worth having, for fundamentalism and uncritical certitude entail the rejection of one of the great human gifts: that of free will, of the liberty to make up our own minds based on evidence and tradition and reason.
Aliette de Bodard, Servant of the Underworld|A loud, purposeful knock on the front door froze him in place with his fist over the fabric. “Hey, dude, it’s me. I brought you all four Bloodsport movies. Open up!” Jason’s voice filtered past the front door, and he and Violet flew apart like teenagers at a party raid. No way. This wasn’t happening. He had not just gotten cock-blocked by his best friend and partner, AKA the only living relative of the woman he’d very nearly stripped naked in his front hallway.
Salman Rushdie, Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights|When did it start? Easy. Where it always does, at the beginnin.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Water was something he loved, something he respected. He understood its beauty and its dangers. He talked about swimming as if it were a way of life.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|There was no sense to life, to the structure of things. D.H. Lawrence had known that. You needed love, but not the kind of love most people used and were used up by. Old D.H. had known something. His buddy Huxley was just an intellectual fidget, but what a marvelous one. Better than G.B. Shaw with that hard keel of a mind always scraping bottom, his labored wit finally only a task, a burden on himself, preventing him from really feeling anything, his brilliant speech finally a bore, scraping the mind and the sensibilities. It was good to read them all though. It made you realize that thoughts and words could be fascinating, if finally useless.
Laura Esquivel|She said that each of us is born with a box of matches inside us but we can't strike them all by ourselves; just as in the experiment, we need oxygen and a candle to help. In this case, the oxygen, for example, would come from the breath of the person you love; the candle could be any kind of food, music, caress, words, or sound that engenders the explosion that lights one of the matches. For a moment we are dazzled by an intense emotion. A pleasant warmth grows within us, fading slowly as time goes by, until a new explosion comes along to revive it. Each person has to discover what will set off those explosions in order to live, since the combustion that occurs when one of them is ignited is what nourishes the soul. That fire, in short, is its food. If one doesn't find out in time what will set off those explosions, the box of matches dampens, and not a single match will ever be lighted. If that happens, the soul flees from the body and goes to wander among the deepest shades, trying in vain to find food to nourish itself, unaware that only the body it left behind, cold, and defenseless, is capable of providing that food. That's why it's important to keep your distance from people who have frigid breath. Just their presence can put out the most intense fire, with results we're familiar with. If we stay a good distance away from those people, it's easier to protect ourselves from being extinguished.
Jay London|It's the fashion, I tell you: big, tall women going out with tiny, tiny men.
Gary Taubes|It was no secret joke that brought the smile and the sparkle in his eye, it was physics.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|It's the truth." Her voice was barely more than breath."I believe you." He was gently kissing his way along her jaw. "You came all this way to bring me a photo.""Yes." She said. "Well, I can..this morning..here bring it."He raised his head, "What?"She glared at him, "I can't talk when you're doing that."He grinned, dimples appearing. "Sorry. Say it again.
William Gurnall, The Christian in Complete Armour: Daily Readings in Spiritual Warfare|Weight causes things on earth to fall--to remain grounded. What if the weight of sin holds the same purpose as physical weight? When I curl up on my sofa with God and his Word, that feeling that makes me want to bold should be the feeling that keeps me there with him. It's the weight of my sin pushing me down from the high and lofty places where my pride would rather keep me.
John Gregory Brown, A Thousand Miles from Nowhere|Maybe there wasn't, after all, a clear motivation for any of the things that people did. Maybe they just did them for no reason at all or because of stupidity or selfishness or cowardice or anger or for reasons that made no rational sense - because the clouds happened to be a particularly gloomy shade of gray that day, because the barking of an old dog chained to a sycamore tree just happened to sound exactly like the crunch of soldiers' boots on gravel or the hum of bees like an engine in the head driving you mad.
Kameron Hurley, The Geek Feminist Revolution|I was limited by stories that came before mine.We are so often limited by our own expectations of stories, by the stories that came before, by the heroes who came before.… How is it we can bear to live with ourselves, as readers and storytellers, if we swallow those limitations without questioning them?
Martin Heidegger|In provisionally characterizing the object which serves as the theme of our investigation (the Being of entities, or the meaning of Being in general), it seems that we have also delineated the method to be employed. The task of ontology is to explain Being itself and to make the Being of entities stand out in full relief. And the method of ontology remains questionable in the highest degree as long as we merely consult those ontologies which have come down to us historically, or other essays of that character. Since the term "ontology" is used in this investigation in a sense which is formally broad, any attempt to clarify the method of ontology by tracing its history is automatically ruled out. When, moreover, we use the term "ontology," we are not talking about some definite philosophical discipline standing in interconnection with the others. Here one does not have to measure up to the tasks of some discipline that has been presented beforehand; on the contrary, only in terms of the objective necessities of definite questions and the kind of treatment which the 'things themselves' require, can one develop such a discipline. With the question of the meaning of Being, our investigation comes up against the fundamental question of philosophy. This is one that must be treated *phenomenologically*. Thus our treatise does not subscribe to a 'standpoint' or represent any special 'direction'; for phenomenology is nothing of either sort, nor can it become so as long as it understands itself. The expression 'phenomenology' signifies primarily a *methodological conception*. This expression does not characterize the what of the objects of philosophical research as subject-matter, but rather the *how* of that research. The more genuinely a methodological concept is worked out and the more comprehensively it determines the principles on which a science is to be conducted, all the more primordially is it rooted in the way we come to terms with the things themselves, and the farther is it removed from what we call "technical devices," though there are many such devices even in the theoretical disciplines. Thus the term 'phenomenology' expresses a maxim which can be formulated as 'To the things themselves!' It is opposed to all free-floating constructions and accidental findings; it is opposed to taking over any conceptions which only seem to have been demonstrated; it is opposed to those pseudo-questions which parade themselves as 'problems', often for generations at a time. Yet this maxim, one may rejoin, is abundantly self-evident, and it expresses, moreover, the underlying principle of any scientific knowledge whatsoever. Why should anything so self-evident be taken up explicitly in giving a title to a branch of research? In point of fact, the issue here is a kind of 'self-evidence' which we should like to bring closer to us, so far as it is important to do so in casting light upon the procedure of our treatise. We shall expound only the preliminary conception [Vorbegriff] of phenomenology. This expression has two components: "phenomenon" and "logos." Both of these go back to terms from the Greek: φαινόμενον and λόγος. Taken superficially, the term "phenomenology" is formed like "theology," "biology," "sociology"―names which may be translated as "science of God," "science of life," "science of society." This would make phenomenology the *science of phenomena*. We shall set forth the preliminary conception of phenomenology by characterizing what one has in mind in the term's two components, 'phenomenon' and 'logos', and by establishing the meaning of the name in which these are *put together*. The history of the word itself, which presumably arose in the Wolffian school, is here of no significance."―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, pp. 49-51
Nidhie Sharma|Sitting next to Tilo, breathing next to her, he felt like an empty house whose locked windows and doors were creaking open a little, to air the ghosts trapped inside it.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon.
A.E. Samaan|Fuck socialism!No, really..... fuck socialism. Socialism sucks!
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The writer who position is Christian, and probably also the writer whose position is not, will begin to wonder at this point if there could not be some ugly correlation between our unparalleled prosperity and the stridency of these demands for a literature that shows us the joy of life. He may at least be permitted to ask if these screams for joy would be quite so piercing if joy were really more abundant in our prosperous society.
Michelle Dockery|I didn't cry much after I was 35, but staggered stony-faced into middle age, a handkerchief still in my bag just in case.
Debasish Mridha|To realize your imagination, go with trust in the direction of your destination.
John Cusack|In India, by and large, women are not educated enough to be bread winners and, within the moorings of traditional cultures, do not have the courage and the capacity to leave the matrimonial home. Given the inequality prevalent in family structures, the woman's right to opt out is suicidal.
Florence King, Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady|If any of us had heard the word "feminist" we would have thought it meant a girl who wore too much makeup, but we were, without knowing it, feminists ourselves, bound together by the freemasonry that exists among intelligent women who know they are intelligent. It is the only kind of female bonding that works, which is why most men do not like intelligent women. They don't mind one female brain if they can enjoy it privately; it's the idea of two or more on the loose that upsets them. The girls in the college-bound group might not have been friends in every case--Sharon Cohen and I gave each other willies--but our instincts told us that we had the same enemies.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Only if the third necessary thing could be given us. Number one, as I said: quality of information. Number two: leisure to digest it. And number three: the right to carry out actions based on what we learn from the interaction of the first two.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|The common soldiers did not blame him for his excessive grief. They knew him. They knew his flaws. Indeed, I think they loved him all the more because he was flawed, as they were, and did not hide his passionate, blemished nature.
Nicholaus Patnaude, First Aide Medicine|The world was alive, the sky descending; our times were lullabies and sad goodbyes.
Terence McKenna, True Hallucinations|Quantum theory tells us, Mr. Thomas, that every point in the universe is intimately connected to every other point, regardless of apparent distance. In some mysterious way, any point on a planet in a distant galaxy is as close to me as you are.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Gankis lifted an arm to point at the distant shale cliffs. "And in the face of it there were thousands of little holes, little what-you-call-'ems...""Alcoves," Kennit supplied in an almost dreamy voice. "I call them alcoves, Gankis. As would you, if you could speak your own mother tongue.
Jiulio Consiglio|If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none... Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of non-combustible data, chock them so damned full of ‘facts’ they feel stuffed, but absolutely ‘brilliant’ with information. Then they’ll feel they’re thinking, they’ll get a sense of motion without moving. And they’ll be happy, because facts of that sort don’t change. Don’t give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy.
Reginald Crundall Punnett, Mimicry in Butterflies|It takes a week to write a book, but it takes years to write a good one.
Graham Swift, Waterland|In the book of Alma is a story that has fascinated e since I first read it. it is about a very colorful character named Moroni--not to be confused with the last survivor of the Nephites, who was also named Moroni. This man was a brilliant military commander, and he rose to be supreme commander of all the Nephite forces at the age of twenty-five. For the next fourteen years he was off to the wars continuously except for two very short periods of peace during which he worked feverishly at reinforcing the Nephite defenses. When peace finally came, he was thirty-nine years old, and the story goes that at the age of forty-three he died. Sometime before this he had given the chief command of the armies of the Nephites to his son Moronihah. Now, if he had a son, he had a wife. I've often wondered where she was and how she fared during those fourteen years of almost continuous warfare, and how she felt to have him die so soon after coming home. I am sure there are many, many stories of patience and sacrifice that have never been told. We each do our part, and we each have our story.
Steven Kotler, A Small Furry Prayer: Dog Rescue and the Meaning of Life|Joyful, joyful, joyful,as only dogs know how to be happywith only the autonomyof their shameless spirit.
Steven Chopade|A good Christian, never take advantage of other people
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|He imagined that he was looking for her and couldn't find her anywhere, that the two of them were lost on a vast ship, sleep is a skilled magician, it changes the proportions of things, the distances between them, it separates people and they're lying next to each other, brings them together and they can barely see one another, the woman is sleeping only a few yards away from him and he cannot reach her, yet it's so very easy to go from port to starboard.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|Go Slow to Go Fast in Growing a Stronger Bond With Others: When you see someone's interest rise in the conversation, you have a glimpse of the hook that can best connect you together. Ask follow-up questions, directly related to what that person just said. If you do just this much, recent research shows you are among the five percent of Americans in conversation. In so doing, you accomplish two things. You've increased their openness and warmth toward you, because you've demonstrated you care. And you've had a closer look at the hook that most matters to them in the conversation. Now you can speak to their hottest interest, in a way that can serve you both.
Mamoru Oshii|The paradoxical situation with a vast number of people today is that they are half asleep when awake, and half awake when asleep, or when they want to sleep.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|The novel should tell the truth, as I see the truth, or as the novelist persuades me to see it. And one more demand: I expect the novelist to aspire to improve the world. ... As a novelist, I want to be more than one more dog barking at the other dogs barking at me. Not out of any foolish hope that one novelist, or all virtuous novelists in chorus, can make much of a difference for good, except in the long run, but out of the need to prevent the human world from relaxing into something worse. To maintain the tension between truth and falsity, beauty and ugliness, good and evil. ... I believe the highest duty of the serious novelist is, whatever the means or technique, to be a critic of his society, to hold society to its own ideals, or if these ideals are unworthy, to suggest better ideals.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|Smiling at me ruefully, Luka scratched the back of his head. “Yeah, I guess you can.” He sauntered toward the sliding doors. “I’ll be right outside if you need me. Call if you get dizzy.”“You’ll probably just hear a very loud thump.”He frowned at my joke. “Not funny.”“Luka?” He stopped. “Thank you for keeping an eye on me.”“Just…” He tsked. “Just don’t scare me like that again.
Evelyn Underhill, Practical Mysticism; and, Abba: Meditations on the Lord's Prayer|As the beautiful does not exist for the artist and poet alone—though these can find in it more poignant depths of meaning than other men—so the world of Reality exists for all; and all may participate in it, unite with it, according to their measure and to the strength and purity of their desire.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|How could I suddenly go from a person who had struggled to dissect an already dead mouse, to someone who was willing to murder a human being? There was no logic to it!
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|If I know a song of Africa, of the giraffe and the African new moon lying on her back, of the plows in the fields and the sweaty faces of the coffee pickers, does Africa know a song of me? Will the air over the plain quiver with a color that I have had on, or the children invent a game in which my name is, or the full moon throw a shadow over the gravel of the drive that was like me, or will the eagles of the Ngong Hills look out for me?
Constance Friday|Trouble cannot be avoided, you either go looking for it or it will come looking for you.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|It was a fairy tale, no fooling. It was unreality becoming real. This frightened her. Because people don't care for unreality becoming real. It pricks their well-fed minds, you see, with something like a hunger pang. They prefer the logical stuffiness of expectancy. It is only at certain times that they weaken, letting imagination in. That's the time to get them. (“The Disinheritors”)
Melissa Good, Tropical Storm|C'mon, let's get out of here. I have a future to attend to.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The future or organizations have amazing digital traits such as customer-centricity, empathy, and participation.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Okay. Now my skin is really prickling. I've read all the Harry Potter books, all five of them. I don't remember any half-blood prince."What's this?" Trying to sound casual, I point at the ad, "What's Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?""That's the latest book," Garth the other trainee, says. "It came out ages ago."I can't help gasping. "There's a sixth Harry Potter?""There's a seventh out soon!" Diana steps forward eagerly. "And guess what happens at the end of book six-""Shh!" exclaims Nicole, the other nurse. "Don't tell her!
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root, and it may be that he who bestows the largest amount of time and money on the needy is doing the most by his mode of life to produce that misery which he strives in vain to relieve.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten', he does not say 'My men were beaten.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If there is disturbance in the camp, the general's authority is weak. 
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|A man woke up at midnight and wanted to smoke. Therefore he looked for some fire, for which he went to a neighbor’s house and knocked at the door. The neighbor opened the door and asked him what he wanted. The man said, I wish to smoke. Can you give me a little fire? The neighbor replied, O.M.G.! What the heck is wrong with you? You have taken so much trouble to come and wake us up at the middle of the night, while in your own hand you have a lantern! The God that human beings so keenly seek, lives within the human biology, yet they wander hitherto searching for it.
Theodore Sturgeon, Godbody|Had I been screaming, screaming, in some way? I with my life so separate and well-ordered in the company of my green things and my sky and the animals of the hillside? I shouted - it was a demand - I shouted and shook him: "Godbody!" And as usual he understood me perfectly: 'You was lonesome,' he said.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|Oscar did not know what he was supposed to be feeling right now, what all the adults behind him would be expecting him to feel. He did not even know what he was, in fact, feeling. Except, whatever it was, it was a lot. Too much. More than bodies could hold.
Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court|To cast in my lot with Jekyll, was to die to those appetites which I had long secretly indulged and had of late begun to pamper. To cast it in with Hyde, was to die to a thousand interests and aspirations, and to become, at a blow and forever, despised and friendless. The bargain might appear unequal; but there was still another consideration in the scales; for while Jekyll would suffer smartingly in the fires of abstinence, Hyde would be not even conscious of all that he had lost. Strange as my circumstances were, the terms of this debate are as old and commonplace as man; much the same inducements and alarms cast the die for any tempted and trembling sinner; and it fell out with me, as it falls with so vast a majority of my fellows, that I chose the better part and was found wanting in the strength to keep to it.
Frederick Banting|In terms of work I've always had a Bad Attitude in that I won't work anywhere which requires me to work strict hours or follow a dress code. I don't know if that's an Asperger's thing or not, I think it's just being reasonable.
J.B. McGee, Broken|Anything worth having is never simple or easy, Gabby ....
Seth Godin|I really think that music itself, being one of the greatest possible vehicles for mass communication, should be probed to its extremes, to see how effective it can actually become, which is one of the reasons why I became also interested in presenting political points of view.
Christian D. Larson|The average person is in the habit of saying, “The older I get;”’ and he thereby calls the attention of his mind to the idea that he is getting older. In brief, he compels his mind to believe that he is getting older and older, and thereby directs the mind to produce more and more age. The true expression in this connection is, “The longer I live.” This expression calls the mind’s attention to the length of life, which will, in turn, tend to increase the power of that process in you that can prolong life. When people reach the age of sixty or seventy, they usually speak of “the rest of my days,” thus implying the idea that there are only a few more days remaining. The mind is thereby directed to finish life in a short period of time, and accordingly, all the forces of the mind will proceed to work for the speedy termination of personal existence. The correct expression is “from now on,” as, that leads thought into the future indefinitely without impressing the mind with any end whatever.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|I am a recovering perfectionist, and like all in recovery, I do better some days than others!
Moby|Unless you have prepared yourself to profit by your chance, the opportunity will only make you ridiculous. A great occasion is valuable to you just in proportion as you have educated yourself to make use of it.
F.T. McKinstry|Tortured Soul 101: The depth of despair one experiences during the creative process (as experienced say, in an abysmally blank page or canvas) is directly proportional to the scope and power of the work that emerges when it breaks.
Robert Jordan|The Wheel of Time turns, and Ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth comes again.
Samuel Butler|In life, most of us are highly skilled at suppressing action. All the improvisation teacher has to do is to reverse this skill and he creates very ‘gifted’ improvisers. Bad improvisers block action, often with a high degree of skill. Good improvisers develop action.
Debasish Mridha|Every new friend is a fresh flower with endless beauty, love, and joy.
Peter Meredith|The heart was a tyrant, like a child demanding ice cream instead of broccoli and throwing a fit to get its way.
Alice Hamilton|I don't practice, but I am still officially in paediatrics. I keep in touch with journals, and I have a very good data bank of medical information and there is a key thing for a writer knowing where to go. I know where to go to get the information that I need.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Don't focus on the mountain; focus instead on the mountain mover!" HS/el
Louise Hayes, Get Out of Your Mind and Into Your Life for Teens: A Guide to Living an Extraordinary Life|When people tell you that you can’t live your way, don’t believe them.
Christopher Hitchens|So, I have to know," he says, "what are you?"But just because he has to know doesn't mean I have to tell him anything.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Dinner-parties bore us because our imagination is absent, and reading interests us because it is keeping us company.
Marcia Gruver, Raider's Heart|Sweet talk's like salt. You can add some later, if need be, but if you pour out too much, you can't sift it out again.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|If you were happy with all you had, then you’d grow, If the sun and moon could make you glad, then you’d know. With food on your plate and a place to sleep, be thankful and you’ll be given more to keep, Just for now, what you need for now. Feel you are worthy, you will not lack, you’ll enjoy life and love to give back, Forgiving others you forgive yourself, which makes more room to live and be well, Just allow. For every gift you give extends, more love and wealth the heavens send, Again and again, ten times ten, Because you are loved more than you know, your mistakes turn you into a loving soul, You’ll learn how.” Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Portia de Rossi|I never, ever, restrict food, and I will never go on a diet ever again.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered... . Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not. Consider none your superior whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly, or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen.
Martha Hunt|You take the healthiest diet in the world, if you gave those people vitamins, they would be twice as healthy. So vitamins are valuable.
Dean Cavanagh|It is gaol that finally reveals to me the beauty of Shakespeare, the spirit in his words, the jaw-dropping audacity of his language.
Frank Herbert, Dune|If you had to jump six or seven feet or certainly drown, it's surprising how far even older people will jump.
Paul Auster, Moon Palace|I had jumped off the edge, and then, at the very last moment, something reached out and caught me in midair. That something is what I define as love. It is the one thing that can stop a man from falling, powerful enough to negate the laws of gravity.
John Wilmot, The Complete Poems|Then, if to make your ruin more,You'll peevishly be coy,Die with the scandal of a whoreAnd never know the joy.
John Singleton|From the age of six I wanted to be an artist. At that point I meant a painter, but it turned out what I really meant was I was someone who was very interested in watching the world and making copies of it.
T.K. Naliaka|Six Mudras are to be practised daily for 10 minutes.They are Jnana,Prithvi,Apana,Prana,Dhyana and ShoonyaVayu-by which health is enhanced and diseases can be prevented.
Paul Bloom, Against Empathy: The Case for Rational Compassion|Thinking is itself, however, an adventure.
Charles Dickens, Christmas Stories|I don’t have a crush on her! Yet!”“Say no more, Dylan-whatever your middle name is-Blair!”“David.”“Whatever. By the power and duty of big brother, I command you to not have a crush on my sister, until I know you better enough!”“That’s actually quite fair.” “But I don’t have a crush on her!
David O. McKay, Secrets of a Happy Life|Each one of us is the architect of his own fate; and he is unfortunate indeed who will try to build himself without the inspiration of God, without realizing that he grows from within, not from without.
Michael Keaton|I had some interesting costumes... the one that I remember right offhand is Zorro when I was a lot younger. I was a big time Zorro fan. My mom helped me make it, and I remember having a big issue with the fact that she wouldn't let me carry around a real metal sword; it just had to be plastic.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|Together they spent their whole lives waiting for their luck to change, as though luck were some fabulous tide that would one day flood and consecrate the marshes of our island, christening us in the iridescent ointments of a charmed destiny.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|The source of beauty in a man, It is humbleness and grace;Equality is the pearl of a king,Justice his scepter;Salvation is his crown.
Benjamin Disraeli|Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|It has become much harder, in the past century, to tell where the garden leaves off and pure nature begins.
Allen Ginsberg, Howl and Other Poems|There was a young man who said though, it seems that I know that I know, but what I would like to see is the I that knows me when I know that I know that I know.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys? I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes.
Kim Addonizio|. . . All artists’ work is autobiographical. Any writer’s work is a map of their psyche. You can really see what their concerns are, what their obsessions are, and what interests them.
Saru Singhal|The gold and scarlet leaves that littered the countryside in great drifts whispered and chuckled among themselves, or took experimental runs from place to place, rolling like coloured hoops among the trees. It was as if they were practising something, preparing for something, and they would discuss it excitedly in rustly voices as they crowded round the tree trunks.
Bey Deckard, Caged: Love and Treachery on the High Seas|I imagine you come across a number of people who are disconcerted by the difference between what you do feel and what they fancy you ought to feel. It is fatal to pay the smallest attention to them.”“Yes,” said Harriet, “but I am one of them. I disconcert myself very much. I never know what I do feel.”“I don’t think that matters, provided one doesn’t try to persuade one’s self into appropriate feelings.
E. Horne and J. Comeau|I love you the way a knife loves a heart, the way a bomb loves a crowd, the way your mother warned you about, essentially.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|I know you are mine,not in my life bout in my memories
Andrea Dworkin|With land-roaming animals, I've just read so much about the sophistication of their emotional lives and their intelligence and the way they process information that betrays a greater intelligence.
The Harvard Lampoon|I want to leave all my friends and the sunlight for a small, rainy town.
Lewis Mumford, The Culture of Cities|If there were such a thing as an inter-city thieving contest, Ankh-Morpork would bring home the trophy and probably everyone’s wallets.
Gary Rohrmayer, Next Steps For Leading a Missional Church|We are to be generous not just in the results of our work, but also IN our work.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And all the while one spirit uttered this,The other one did weep so, that, for pity,I swooned away as if I had been dying,And fell, even as a dead body falls.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|If you are convinced about your choices, go with full hope that you will get there by the grace of God!
Dan  Harmon|Old age. All the facial detail is visible; all the traces life has left there are to be seen. The face is furrowed, wrinkled, sagging, ravaged by time. But the eyes are bright and, if not young, then somehow transcend the time that otherwise marks the face. It is as though someone else is looking at us, from somewhere inside the face, where everything is different. One can hardly be closer to another human soul.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|If you’re going to be a dickhead, at least have the courtesy of doing it while I have a drink in my hand so I can throw it in your face!
Raheel Farooq|Melancholy is an escape not from reality, but unreality of the world.
Morgan Rhodes, Falling Kingdoms|You have a brain and two hands, look up the answer yourself. You want to know how to get through life? Pay attention.
Jen Lancaster|I started traveling out of curiosity, but I have come to believe in travel's political importance, that encouraging a nation's citizenry to travel may be as important as encouraging school attendance, environmental conservation, or national thrift. You cannot understand the otherness of places you have not encountered.
Angela Richardson, All the Pieces|why couldn't someone , somewhere , want her for her ?
Julie Anne Long|Something was stirring in him, though; a bud of comprehension that could very well bloom into forgiveness if left unchecked.
Lady Gaga|All the awards in the world, you can get into all the nightclubs, they'll send you the nicest clothes. Nothing better than walking into your dad's restaurant and seeing a smile on his face and knowing that your mom and dad and your sister are real proud of you.
Shannon L. Alder|I’m really not up for answering any questions that start with how, when, where, why, or what.
Dada Bhagwan|What would you ask for if you were given the freedom to chose something of your own volition (marjiyaat)? There is nothing in [all] mandatory (tasks) in which one can remain still. One after another, the needs will continue. It is only in the state of own’s own Self [the Soul], that one can remain burden-free.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|Sometimes we simply don't want to face the truth about ourselves; the myth reads so much better. Sometimes we do not seek help because it will mean we have to change, and change is painful and unpredictable. To me, now, faith is bringing all that is true about our lives into the blinding light of God's grace. It is believing that He will still be there at the end of the journey, and so will we, perhaps a little bloodied, probably with a limp, and possibly, as the Skin Horse said, with most of our hair loved off, but we will be there.
Alison Goodman, Singing the Dogstar Blues|Don't say anything. Just act cool," I whispered.Mavkel started to shiver."Like this?" it asked."No, I mean act calm."Mavkel stopped shivering.
Nelson Mandela|Overcoming poverty is not a gesture of charity. It is an act of justice. It is the protection of a fundamental human right, the right to dignity and a decent 
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|Hey man let me ask you something. Do you sort of feel like you are carrying a low level anxiety about the existence of shark attacks? I mean, just the fact that it really happens, it's horrible, it's horrible enough that you kind of have to worry about it, at least a little bit, almost all the time...
Ralph Waldo Emerson|For us to deem a work of architecture elegant, it is hence not enough that it look simple: we must feel that the simplicity it displays has been hard won, that it flows from the resolution of demanding technical or natural predicament. Thus we call the Shaker staircase in Pleasant Hill elegant because we know--without ever having constructed one ourselves--that a staircase is a site complexity, and that combinations of treads, risers and banisters rarely approach the sober intelligibility of the Sharkers' work. We deem a modern Swiss house elegant because we not how seamlessly its windows have been joined to their concrete walls, and how neatly the usual clutter of construction has been resolved away. We admire starkly simple works that we intuit would, without immense effort, have appeared very complicated. (p 209)
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Betrayal|The likelihood of meeting anyone who wouldn't make him feel even lonelier seemed increasingly remote. Life was a dwindling process now, not a building proposition. He couldn't imagine being with someone new, opening up, feeling appreciated and understood, without having to explain his dubious non sequiturs and increasingly arcane or redundant frame of reference.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|Zehrunisa didn’t know Abdul’s age herself. Seventeen was what she’d said before the burning, when people asked her, but he could have been twenty-seven, for all she knew. You didn’t keep track of a child’s years when you were fighting daily to keep him from starving, as she and many other Annawadi mothers had been doing when their teenagers were young.
Lil' Kim|Some women flirt more with what they say, and some with what they do.
Byron Rufus Newton|The thing that impressed me then as now about New York… was the sharp, and at the same time immense, contrast it showed between the dull and the shrewd, the strong and the weak, the rich and the poor, the wise and the ignorant… the strong, or those who ultimately dominated, were so very strong, and the weak so very, very weak - and so very, very many.
George K. Simon Jr., In Sheep's Clothing: Understanding and Dealing with Manipulative People|Playing the victim role: Manipulator portrays him- or herself as a victim of circumstance or of someone else's behavior in order to gain pity, sympathy or evoke compassion and thereby get something from another. Caring and conscientious people cannot stand to see anyone suffering and the manipulator often finds it easy to play on sympathy to get cooperation.
Osho, The Book of Secrets|Only a blind man can easily define what light is. When you do not know, you are bold. Ignorance is always bold; knowledge hesitates. And the more you know, the more you feel that the ground underneath is dissolving. The more you know, the more you feel how ignorant you are.
Madeline L'engle|One time, when I was little more than a baby, I was taken to visit my grandmother, who was living in a cottage on a nearly uninhabited stretch of beach in northern Florida. All I remember of this visit is being picked up from my crib in what seemed the middle of the night and carried from my bedroom and out of doors, where I had my first look at the stars. “It must have been an unusually clear and beautiful night for someone to have said, “Let’s wake the baby and show her the stars.” The night sky, the constant rolling of the breakers against the shore, the stupendous light of the stars, all made an indelible impression on me. I was intuitively aware not only of a beauty I had never seen before but also that the world was far greater than the protected limits of the small child’s world which was all I had known thus far. I had a total, if not very conscious, moment of revelation: I saw creation bursting the bounds of daily restriction, and stretching out from dimension to dimension, beyond any human comprehension. I had been taught to say my prayers at night: Our Father, and a long string of God-blesses, and it was that first showing of the galaxies which gave me an awareness that the God I spoke to at bedtime was extraordinary and not just a bigger and better combination of the grownup powers of my father and mother. This early experience was freeing, rather than daunting, and since it was the first, it has been the foundation for all other such glimpses of glory. (The Irrational Season)
Grace Hudson, FERTS|God rewards a person not for the deeds he does openly, but according to the thoughts and actions he has in secret.
Hussein S. Hariri|The BFMSS [British False Memory Syndrome Society]The founder of the 'false memory' movement in Britain is an accused father. Two of his adult daughters say that Roger Scotford sexually abused them in childhood. He denied this and responded by launching a spectacular counter-attack, which enjoyed apparently unlimited and uncritical air time in the mass media and provoke Establishment institutions that had made no public utterance about abuse to pronounce on the accused adults' repudiation of it.p171-172The 'British False Memory Syndrome Society' lent a scientific aura to the allegations - the alchemy of 'falsehood' and 'memory' stirred with disease and science. The new name pathologised the accusers and drew attention away from the accused. But the so-called syndrome attacked not only the source of the stories but also the alliances between the survivors' movement and practitioners in the health, welfare, and the criminal justice system. The allies were represented no longer as credulous dupes but as malevolent agents who imported a miasma of the 'false memories' into the imaginations of distressed victims.Roger Scotford was a former naval officer turned successful property developer living in a Georgian house overlooking an uninterrupted valley in luscious middle England. He was a rich man and was able to give up everything to devote himself to the crusade.He says his family life was normal and that he had been a 'Dr Spock father'. But his first wife disagrees and his second wife, although believing him innocent, describes his children's childhood as very difficult. His daughters say they had a significantly unhappy childhood.In the autumn of 1991, his middle daughter invited him to her home to confront him with the story of her childhood. She was supported by a friend and he was invited to listen and then leave. She told him that he had abused her throughout her youth. Scotford, however, said that the daughter went to a homeopath for treatment for thrush/candida and then blamed the condition on him. He also said his daughter, who was in her twenties, had been upset during a recent trip to France to buy a property. He said he booked them into a hotel where they would share a room. This was not odd, he insisted, 'to me it was quite natural'. He told journalists and scholars the same story, in the same way, reciting the details of her allegations, drawing attention to her body and the details of what she said he had done to her. Some seemed to find the detail persuasive. Several found it spooky.p172-173
mahmoud hamdy|First love is like hearing your favorite music , regardless of how much you repeat it , every time you will enjoy all the pain.
Rem Koolhaas|Any architectural project we do takes at least four or five years, so increasingly there is a discrepancy between the acceleration of culture and the continuing slowness of architecture.
Sariah Wilson, Royal Chase|The older you get, the harder it is to lose weight because by then your body and your fat have become super good friends.
Howard Pyle, The Story of King Arthur and His Knights|And it was at this time that Sir Myles died of his hurt, for it is often so that death and misfortune befall some, whiles others laugh and sing for hope and joy, as though such grievous things as sorrow and death could never happen in the world wherein they live.
Anonymous|The rich can be "eccentric " the poor have to be considered "nuts."
Germany Kent|Don’t let the enemy try to keep you bound with fear. The devil is a liar. Stay in faith and trust the process. Be still, God has a plan!
Sean Patrick Brennan, Heaven, Hell, and the Planet in Between: Book 1: The Uniter|Almost everything you think is sacred, good and decent, is a lie and an all-out assault against truth and decency.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Passion for knowledge, motivation for continuous learning.
Gena Showalter, A Mad Zombie Party|She's beauty and she's the beast, rolled into one.
Matt Haig, The Humans|Mathematics has the inhuman quality of starlight, brilliant and sharp, but cold.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|The glitter of the great world, you know, is only so much froth and spume: you may look in vain for happiness there.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|Try to lead the leaders and first never follows in whatever case may be, avoid following someone just strive for being followed by other people.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|Dying is an art.Like everything else,I do it exceptionally well.I do it so it feels like hell.I do it so it feels real.I guess you could say I have a call.
Paolo Nutini|Where'd the days go, when all we did was play? And the stress that we were under wasn't stress at all just a run and a jump into a harmless fall
Patricia Briggs, Silver Borne|High School. Society’s bright idea to put all their aggressive, naive youth into one environment to torment and emotionally scar each other for life.
Charles Schwab|Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man's growth without destroying his roots.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|O infinite goodness of my God! It is thus that I seem to see both myself and Thee. O Joy of the angels, how I long, when I think of this, to be wholly consumed in love for Thee! How true it is that Thou dost bear with those who cannot bear Thee to be with them! Oh, how good a Friend art Thou, my Lord! How Thou dost comfort us and suffer us and wait until our nature becomes more like Thine and meanwhile dost bear with it as it is! Thou dost remember the times when we love Thee, my Lord, and, when for a moment we repent, Thou dost forget how we offended Thee. I have seen this clearly in my own life, and I cannot conceive, my Creator, why the whole world does not strive to draw near to Thee in this intimate friendship. Those of us who are wicked, and whose nature is not like Thine, ought to draw near to Thee so that Thou mayest make them good. They should allow Thee to be with them for at least two hours each day, even though they may not be with Thee, but are perplexed, as I was, with a thousand worldly cares and thoughts. In exchange for the effort which it costs them to desire to be in such good company (for Thou knowest, Lord, that at first this is as much as they can do and sometimes they can do no more at all) Thou dost prevent the devils from assaulting them so that each day they are able to do them less harm, and Thou givest them strength to conquer. Yea, Life of all lives, Thou slayest none of those that put their trust in Thee and desire Thee for their Friend; rather dost Thou sustain their bodily life with greater health and give strength to their souls.
Toni Sorenson|Success goes to the ones who do. Get up. Show up. Throw up if you have to. Do it afraid, but do it no matter.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|It was suffering and incapacity that created all afterworlds - this, and that brief madness of bliss which is experienced only by those who suffer deeply. Weariness that wants to reach the ultimate with one leap, with one fatal leap, a poor ignorant weariness that does not want to want any more: this created all gods and afterworlds.
Cindy Crawford|I have two Golden Boot awards at home. It would be nice to win another, but I wouldn't mind it if I didn't.
Lisa Brown Roberts, How (Not) to Fall in Love|I'm so sorry about all you're going through, but I'm not sorry that it brought you to me.
Dada Bhagwan|This world has been changing from time immemorial. But because it is “round” (subject to cycle of cause-effect), one cannot find an end to it.
Frankie Valli|To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.
Mayte Garcia, The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince|Bottom line: you never ever saw him looking wrong. Knowing this, I felt a cold shiver down my spine when I read in the Minneapolis StarTribune that when his body was found in the elevator at Paisley Park, "Prince was wearing a black shirt and pants - both were on backward - and his socks were inside out."This made no sense to me. The sheer irony of it broke my heart all over again.
Tamron Hall|A Sunday morning spent reading the paper together, maybe drinking some mimosas, alone, and talking until noon. That would be pretty amazing. Married couples with kids will understand.
Jerrie Brock, Something Taken|He had hoped to spot the flickering shadow of a murderer as he turned the file's pages, but instead it was the ghost of Lula herself who emerged, gazing up at him, as victims of violent crimes sometimes did, through the detritus of their interrupted lives.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|The new race of warriors would be their hope, their salvation, their loves' destiny. But they too could be tainted. They too could be seduced by the black forces they had been created to fight against.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|In his talk, Suzuki Roshi says that meditation and the whole process of finding your own true nature is one continuous mistake, and that rather than that being a reason for depression or discouragement, it's actually the motivation.
Jack Johnson, Jack Johnson - Sleep Through the Static Songbook|The problem is that stepping away from Brian, leaving him standing under that pergola on Wednesday, is no longer enough to leave behind how he made me feel in that hour. I could leave him there, we could part as strangers, but God, I know that I would look for him. He would live in my peripheral vision, a ghost nudging me to turn and look behind me, only to find a spot that is emptier than empty
A.W. Tozer|But, of course, what mattered most of all was my deep-seated hatred of authority, my monstrous individualism, my lawlessness. No word in my vocabulary expressed deeper hatred than the word INTERFERENCE. But Christianity placed at the centre what then seemed to me a transcendental Interferer. If its picture were true then no sort of 'treaty with reality' could ever be possible. There was no region even in the innermost depth of one's soul (nay, there least of all) which one could surround with a barbed wire fence and guard with a notice No Admittance. And that was what I wanted; some area, however small, of which I could say to all other beings, 'This is my business and mine only.
Peter Carnavas, The Elephant|She laughed a bit at the simple beauty of it all - the white paper, the elegant arc, the soft green grass; and, beside her, the purple backpack, Grandad's golden straw hat, the sky a pale-blue umbrella embracing the whole town
Alfonso Cuaron|Revolution is a phase, a mood, like spring, and just as spring has its buds and showers, so revolution has its ebullience, its bravery, its hope, and its solidarity. Some of these things pass.
Ernest Hemingway, The Complete Short Stories|He wouldn't let his servants change the sheets on his bed because they still smelled like her, because he went to sleep dreaming that she was still lying beside him.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|And Will knew what it was to see his dæmon. As she flew down to the sand, he felt his heart tighten and release in a way he never forgot. Sixty years and more would go by, and as an old man he would still feel some sensations as bright and fresh as ever: Lyra's fingers putting the fruit between his lips under the gold-and-silver trees; her warm mouth pressing against his; his dæmon being torn from his unsuspecting breast as they entered the world of the dead; and the sweet rightfulness of her coming back to him at the edge of the moonlight dunes.
Wernher von Braun|The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|His quest was a wolf, and it starved. - Gansey
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ broke the bonds of death by His resurrection, and from that moment on, Satan was a defeated foe.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|We like to romanticize the wild, raw, majestic beauty of nature. But when you take a closer look, nature is really just a giant fuckfest. That beautiful bird chirping? It's a mating call. That pretty little bird is trying to get laid. And why does the peacock have such beautiful feathers? To attract females. Because he's trying to get laid.
Miguel de Cervantes|When truth is no longer free, freedom is no longer real: the truths of the police are the truths of today.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I sense pure evil. I see a figure all dressed in black, but I can't make out the face.
Thomas Sowell, The Vision of the Anointed: Self-Congratulation as a Basis for Social Policy|The staunchest conservatives advocate a range of changes which differ in specifics, rather than in number or magnitude, from the changes advocated by those considered liberal…change, as such, is simply not a controversial issue. Yet a common practice among the anointed is to declare themselves emphatically, piously, and defiantly in favor of 'change.' Thus those who oppose their particular changes are depicted as being against change in general. It is as if opponents of the equation 2+2=7 were depicted as being against mathematics. Such a tactic might, however, be more politically effective than trying to defend the equation on its own merits. 
Major Owens|There is a difference between the stuff that people put online themselves, like pictures and their trips and flights and meals they've eaten, than the stuff that they don't realize is also going into foreign computers. Like, for example, copies of your emails or every single online search you ever do, 'cause all that is being recorded as well.
Germany Kent|Thank God for allowing you to see another day. No matter what, keep trusting, keep believing, be strong, have hope. The best is yet to come.
Sunday Adelaja|Each of us has a latent energy and we need to discover this invisible "treasure by the way of concentration
One tree hill haley james scott|Someone once said that death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside of us while we live. I could tell you who said it, but who the hell really cares.
Mark Zuckerberg|Pop music can absorb so many peculiar talents, ranging from the completely nonmusical poseur who just uses music as a kind of springboard for a sense of style, to people who just love putting all that complicated stuff together, brick by brick, on their computers, to people like me who like playing conceptual games and being surprised.
Matt Taibbi|To err is human, but it feels divine.
Debbie Blue, Consider the Birds: A Provocative Guide to Birds of the Bible|We might like to think of ourselves as autonomous beings who get to decide who we are going to be, but we are likely much more malleable than we think. We are often defined by the structure that keeps us captive. In some ways our desires are so socially constructed that they can't rightfully be called our own.
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|So just let me deal with it, I can be emotionally flawed and still love you all at the same time. I’m a great multitasker.
Emily Giffin, The One & Only|Guthrie turned to see who his attacker was. And smiled when he caught her eye.He had the most devilishly wolfish look about him -- a mixture of impending payback with a snowball and something a wee bit more intimate, like a tackle in the snow. But he wouldn't. Not in front of his clansmen. Not when they weren't courting. At least, she hoped not.
Steven Pinker|Reading is a technology for perspective-taking. When someone else's thoughts are in your head, you are observing the world from that person's vantage point.
Gordon Bethune|After all, it's the future of business communication that we're looking toward.
Isidor Rabi|Wisom is inseparable from knowledge; it is knowledge plus a quality which is within the human being. Without it, knowledge is dry, almost unfit for human consumption, and dangerous to application.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|it has to be emphasized that if the pain were readily describable most of the countless sufferers from this ancient affliction would have been able to confidently depict for their friends and loved ones (even their physicians) some of the actual dimensions of their torment, and perhaps elicit a comprehension that has been generally lacking; such incomprehension has usually been due not to a failure of sympathy but to the basic inability of healthy people to imagine a form of torment so alien to everyday experience.
Alan Paton|Those beautiful, green-blue eyes that change colour like they're bewitched, and look deep into my soul, making me see my true self. Right now, I don't like what I see.” -Nik Driver
Aletheia Luna, Old Souls: The Sages and Mystics of Our World|We live in illusion and the appearance of things. There is a reality. We are that reality. When you understand this, you see that you are nothing, and being nothing, you are everything. That is all.
Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn|[S]ex trafficking and mass rape should no more be seen as women's issues than slavery was a black issue or the Holocaust was a Jewish issue. These are all humanitarian concerns, transcending any one race, gender, or creed.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If we don’t express truth and love in relationships, they simply become a state of isolation with somebody (some body) still around.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Frantic and serene, vigilant and calm, wrung-out and fortified, explosive and sedate—love commands a vast army of moods. Hoping for victory, limping from the latest skirmish, lovers enter the arena once again. Sitting still, we are as daring as gladiators.
Greg Maddux|He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|If you sleep on the train, you will miss your station; if you sleep at the station, you will miss your train! You can control your fate only when you are awake!
Monica Valentinelli, The Zombie Feed, Vol. 1|I totally don't know what to do." He got up and started pacing. "Am I supposed to get you a present? Or maybe a card. I'm completely lost.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|[The] insistence on the absolutely indiscriminate nature of compassion within the Kingdom is the dominant perspective of almost all of Jesus' teaching.What is indiscriminate compassion? 'Take a look at a rose. Is is possible for the rose to say, "I'll offer my fragrance to good people and withhold it from bad people"? Or can you imagine a lamp that withholds its rays from a wicked person who seeks to walk in its light? It could do that only be ceasing to be a lamp. And observe how helplessly and indiscriminately a tree gives its shade to everyone, good and bad, young and old, high and low; to animals and humans and every living creature -- even to the one who seeks to cut it down. This is the first quality of compassion -- its indiscriminate character.' (Anthony DeMello, The Way to Love)...What makes the Kingdom come is heartfelt compassion: a way of tenderness that knows no frontiers, no labels, no compartmentalizing, and no sectarian divisions.
Sunday Adelaja|Remember, each of us needs to be the best in our field
Jen Campbell, Weird Things Customers Say in Bookshops|CUSTOMER: If I were to, say... meet the love of my life in this bookshop, what section do you think they would be standing in?
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health.
H.P. Lovecraft|Religion is still useful among the herd - that it helps their orderly conduct as nothing else could. The crude human animal is in-eradicably superstitious, and there is every biological reason why they should be. Take away his Christian god and saints, and he will worship something else...
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|But before, not so long ago - my own rose from prom still OK on the mirror, dried but not a corpse - you were just Ed Slaterton, jocky hero, handsome in the student newspaper and star of a million strands of gossip. Now Annette was a person to me, standing right there, and not just an oh-my-God-have-you-heard, and I tried to put it together in my head, the print and the negative, the boyfriend and the celebrity shadow, like Theodora Sire sat next to me in history, borrowing pencils, but was still a movie star above my bed. Because as you came out of the dark to me, you were the boy I was kissing and wanted to kiss more, back to find me at a party like anybody might do, but you were Ed Slaterton too, and not the cad you are now, but just Ed Slaterton, co-captain, with a beer in your hand and Jillian Beach on your arm.
according to the Muwatta by Malik ibn Anas|There is one thing only which a Muslim can profitably learn from the west, the exact sciences in their pure and applied form. Only natural sciences and mathematics should be taught in Muslim schools, while tuition of European philosophy, literature and history should lose the position of primacy which today it holds on the curriculum.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|The opinion of the majority or the minority is of no importance! The important thing is the opinion of the Truth, of the Reason, of the Logic, of the High Intelligence!
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the long run, you see, none of that matters.I've seen Heaven, Dowling. And it's not a place where you exercise any power.In the long run, we are all three-dimensional side-effects of a two-dimensional universe existing in a multidimensional stack.
Larry Burkett|When you don't know what the answer is, you know *Who* the answer is.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Valuing your LIFE, what do you believe in? In the destination or in YOU?
Pramoedya Ananta Toer|I've often heard people say, “Your country is beautiful, a virtual paradise.” When will the people of Indonesia be as beautiful as their land, with a civilization and culture that contributes to the greater beauty of humankind and no longer smothers and strangles the mind?
Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life|Of the big five factors in happiness—flexible schedule, imagination, diet, exercise, and sleep—my pick for the most important is exercise.
Jen Naumann, The Day Zombies Ruined My Perfectly Boring Life|A pang of deep longing ripples through me. I’m torn between my promise to send Aydan to the Abyss and my need to keep him safe. The opposing forces fragment what remains of my mind, breaking me down once again.
Charles Kennedy|Mapping does not purport to create an idealistic vision where all teachers agree, love one another, and gather around a campfire and sing 'Curriculum Kumbaya.' What it can develop is a sense of place, of respect, and of new grounds for discussion, disputes, and direction.
Brenda H Sedgwick|Thank God it wasn’t beef jerky, or I might’ve ended up dead." "The President's Neighbor" a comedy script by Brett Bacon.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. To be your own man is hard business. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|Cora had heard Michael recite the Declaration of Independence back on the Randall plantation many times, his voice drifting through the village like an angry phantom. She didn't understand the words, most of them at any rate, but 'created equal' was not lost on her. The white men who wrote it didn't understand it either, if 'all men' did not truly mean all men.
C.S. Lewis, On the Incarnation|We may be sure that the characteristic blindness of the twentieth century - the blindness about which posterity will ask, "But how could they have thought that?" - lies where we have never suspected it... None of us can fully escape this blindness, but we shall certainly increase it, and weaken our guard against it, if we read only modern books. Where they are true they will give us truths which we half knew already. Where they are false they will aggravate the error with which we are already dangerously ill. The only palliative is to keep the clean sea breeze of the centuries blowing through our minds, and this can be done only by reading old books.
Ellie Williams|There should be more to writing than entertaining an already-brain-dead society and making money. If not,then you miss the point of writing.
John F. Kennedy|I never feel lonely if I've got a book - they're like old friends. Even if you're not reading them over and over again, you know they are there. And they're part of your history. They sort of tell a story about your journey through life.
Penelope Douglas, Until You|I call it the “Fuck up, own up, and get up” policy. Make a mistake, admit it, and move on. We all screw up, but a man solves his problems. He doesn’t make them worse.
Noah Webster|No white group has founded a major religion on this planet. The major religious were started in the Orient and the Middle East, not in Greece and Rome. I always knew you racists didn't have a prayer.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|The real direction of your vision is as important as your vision. Notwithstanding how large the goal post might be, the power behind your shots least matter as its direction, for it is more of the direction that will determine the goals you shall score and the final score in the end
Amélie Nothomb, Hygiène de l'assassin|As far as you are able to gather from hints scattered through these letters, Apocryphal Power, riven by internecine battles and eluding the control of its founder, Ermes Marana, has broken into two groups: a sect of enlightened followers of the Archangel of Light and a sect of nihilist followers of the Archon of Shadow. The former are convinced that among the false books flooding the world they can track down the few that bear a truth perhaps extrahuman or extraterrestrial. The latter believe that only counterfeiting, mystification, intentional falsehood can represent absolute value in a book, a truth not contaminated by the dominant pseudo truths.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|There's no guarantee that justice will win out or that a noble sacrifice will make any difference. But when it does, there's something that still swells my chest. There's magic in that.... It tells me that's the way things are supposed to be. 
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|Putting his head down on the dog's neck, he vowed to himself fervently that he would always have some money on hand, no matter what became of him, so that he would be able to protect all that was truly valuable from the practical people in the world.
Roone Arledge|If you have one good idea, people will lend you twenty.
Alireza Salehi Nejad|Pride rises above and against the knowledge of God, acting as if He is unworthy to be retained in our thoughts.
Thomas Malthus|The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!
George Orwell, 1984|She thought of Aziza's stutter, and of what Aziza had said earlier about fractures and powerful collisions deep down and how sometimes all we see on the surface is a slight tremor.
Lesa Howard, Phantom's Dance|Phineas created an atmosphere in which I continued now to live, a way of sizing up the world with erratic and entirely personal reservations, letting its rocklike facts sift through and be accepted only a little at a time, only as much as he could assimilate without a sense of chaos and loss.
William Penn|A true friend unbosoms freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably
andyoureturntome|But morning casts a harsh light over things, and the stark reality is that some things are easier to walk away from than to lose forever. But that doesn’t mean that this doesn’t hurt.
Josephine Baker|If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
Geoff Dyer, Out of Sheer Rage: Wrestling With D.H. Lawrence|A person who does not get attached to anything, and never forgets to do his duty, will achieve everything.
Daniel Younger, Zen and the Art of Cannibalism: A Zomedy|Little is known about the love lives of the undead. Really, past the brain-eating, reanimated corpse angle, not much is said for the zombie’s perspective. So they ate brains—big deal! Sure, they were corpses—so what? Indeed, there was the smell, but whose fault was that?At first glance they were brain-hungry cannibals, (Mmm, brains. Maybe with a little cilantro or a garlic rub—mashed potatoes and brainsloaf—brains pot pie—penne a la brains...) but in reality, zombies were not the mindless man-eaters or virus-addled lunatics jonesing for human flesh depicted in the movies. Just like everything in life—or rather, unlife—things were more complicated. Zombies were, until very recently, people. And with that came wants, desires, longings. Needs.Asher had been troubled by the zombie loneliness until Brenda, the attractive corpse he’d met in a less animated state earlier, pulled him into the cemetery, threw him down on a slab and shagged him silly.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|If you don't kill all of us all at once, those who remain will not be the weak.It's the strong who remain, the bent but unbroken, like the iron rods that used to give this concrete its strength.
Maxwell Maltz, The New Psycho-Cybernetics: The Original Science of Self-Improvement and Success That Has Changed the Lives of 30 Million People|A human being always acts and feels and performs in accordance with what he imagines to be true about himself and his environment...For imagination sets the goal ‘picture’ which our automatic mechanism works on. We act, or fail to act, not because of ‘will,’ as is so commonly believed, but because of imagination.
Dada Bhagwan|When unity of the mind, speech and body occurs, God has called that the ‘foremost’ religion. If they do not remain in unison, you should maintain the intent of ‘I want to keep them in unison’; then some day it will come into fruition if this resolve is there.
Dixie Waters|You lost all interest in this world. You were disappointed and discouraged, and lost interest in everything. So you abandoned your physical body. You went to a world apart and you’re living a different kind of life there. In a world that’s inside you.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: End of Days|As I walked with my arms crossed to keep warm, I felt myself going numb. How long was I gone, I wondered. A few hours? Minutes? Days? There was no way to know. Maybe I was locked in that darkness all along and just woke from my dream... A marvelous dream.
D.H. Lawrence|Of course , if I am nothing but an ego, and woman is nothing but another ego, then there is really no vital difference between us. Two little dolls of conscious entities, squeaking when you squeeze them. And with a tiny bit of an extraneous appendage to mark which is which...
Mimi Strong, The Kissing Coach|And this is the potency a first kiss should have: it should be earned. The moments leading up to it should be as tense as a crossbow drawn back. The reader should want it as badly as the hero and heroine, and feel as satisfied and transported and transformed as the hero and heroine in the wake of it. There are different ways to use kisses in a romance, but that first kiss is so meaningful, a pinnacle, and can be more intimate than sex.
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|Poetry can be more eloquent than the most eloquent sermons, and it becomes a weapon more formidable than the sharpest of swords; whenever such a poem--which finds its correct tune and conveys the excitement of the heart--rings out, all the miserable, heaped drifts of words fly for shelter and bury themselves in ashamed silence. Whenever such a sword of poetry is drawn from its scabbard, all the false princes of words, who have set their thrones on a void, are thwarted and retreat into seclusion.
Lisa Yee, Stanford Wong Flunks Big-time|Gus and I talk about girls a lot, but we can't figure them out. They are so confusing. Like, if you look at them, they get mad. And if you don't look at them, they get mad. And if you're nice to them, they think you like them. And if you're mean to them, they think you like them. And if you do like them, they think you hate them.
Myles Munroe|Time to open up a new chapter in life, and to explore a larger centre.
Rashmi Rathi, Karma isn't such a bitch!|If one looks at it with his bare eyes then one can only see a stream of running water coming down the mountain. But, if one can verily perceive it through the eyes of wisdom then this tiny stream of water has the might of taking on any obstacles; big boulders, trees, anything that comes within its course. And why does it have the might? Because it adjusts its course when faced with any obstacles. Water just flows, naturally. It doesn’t see a challenge in the obstacles. It doesn’t say to the obstacle “You are in my way. Please move aside so that I can proceed further.” No! When faced with an obstacle, it changes its course slightly, but, never stops flowing. Its primary aim is to flow to its destination and not to get embroiled with obstacles. And all this is possible because it has been endowed with this wonderful ability to change course.
William Krystol|Reagan is described as "delivering Barry Goldwater's doctrine with John F. Kennedy's technique.
Barry B. Powell, Classical Myth|As you set out on your journey to Ithaca,pray that your journey be a long one,filled with adventure, filled with discovery.Laestrygonians and Cyclopes,the angry Poseidon--do not fear them:you'll never find such things on your wayunless your sight is set high, unless a rareexcitement stirs your spirit and your body.The Laestrygonians and Cyclopes,the savage Poseidon--you won't meet themso long as you do not admit them to your soul,as long as your soul does not set them before you.Pray that your road is a long one.May there be many summer morningswhen with what pleasure, with what joy,you enter harbors never seen before.May you stop at Phoenician stations of trade to buy fine things,mother of pearl and coral, amber and ebony,and voluptuous perfumes of every kind--buy as many voluptuous perfumes as you can.And may you go to many Egyptian citiesto learn and learn from those who know.Always keep Ithaca in your mind.You are destined to arrive there.But don't hurry your journey at all.Far better if it takes many years,and if you are old when you anchor at the island,rich with all you have gained on the way,not expecting that Ithaca will give you wealth.Ithaca has given you a beautiful journey.Without her you would never have set out.She has no more left to give you.And if you find her poor, Ithaca has not mocked you.As wise as you have become, so filled with experience,you will have understood what these Ithacas signify.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Be a good person, do good things, learn, and love other people, but do these things because you love yourself, God, life and people, not because you fear going to hell if you don’t. Keep the commandments (or whatever tenets you believe) because you want to be happy. Do it for you. God and the universe will unconditionally love you no matter which path you choose. You can learn whatever lessons you choose for yourself. If you want to learn things the hard way and experience fear, guilt and shame that is okay. But nothing you do (or don’t do) can separate you from love.
Alex Scarrow, The Eternal War|In a world turned upside-down, where everything was wrong, bizarre, you could at least look up at the sky and see normality. Stars that shone regardless of who won a civil war, or who should or should not be a president. Their light was billions of years old. They didn't have a care...
RVM|In Life, while you must achieve and you must do your best to achieve, don’t forget to enjoy Life because the Journey will be soon over.
Zoë Heller, What Was She Thinking? [Notes on a Scandal]|A sampler of England's hottest 'chefs' would include a mostly hairless young blond lad named Jamie Oliver, who is referred to as the Naked Chef. As best as I can comprehend, he's a really rich guy who pretends he scoots around on a Vespa, hangs out in some East End cold-water flat, and cooks green curry for his 'mates'. He's a TV chef, so few actually eat his food. I've never seen him naked. I believe the 'Naked' refers to his 'simple, straightforward, unadorned' food; though I gather that a great number of matronly housewives would like to believe otherwise. Every time I watch his show, I want to go back in time and bully him at school.
Dan Wells, Fragments|As Sam came to a panting stop, a jet of orange flame burst from a high window.Several dozen kids were standing, watching. A crowd that struck Sam as very strange, until he realized why it was strange: there were no adults, just kids.“Is anyone in there?” Astrid called out. No one answered.“It could spread,” Sam said.“There’s no 911,” someone pointed out.“If it spreads, it could burn down half the town.”“You see a fireman anywhere?” A helpless shrug.The day care shared a wall with the hardware store, and both were only a narrow alley away from the burning building. Sam figured they had time to get the kids out of the day care if they acted fast, but the hardware store was something they could not afford to lose.There had to be forty kids just standing there gawking. No one seemed about to start doing anything.“Great,” Sam said. He grabbed two kids he sort of knew. “You guys, go to the day care. Tell them to get the littles out of there.”The kids stared at him without moving.“Now. Go. Do it!” he said, and they took off running.Sam pointed at two other kids. “You and you. Go into the hardware store, get the longest hose you can find. Get a spray nozzle, too. I think there’s a spigot in that alley. Start spraying water on the side of the hardware store and up on the roof.”These two also stared blankly. “Dudes: Not tomorrow. Now. Now. Go! Quinn? You better go with them. We want to wet down the hardware—that’s where the wind will take the fire next.”Quinn hesitated.People were not getting this. How could they not see that they had to do something, not just stand around?Sam pushed to the front of the crowd and in a loud voice said, “Hey, listen up, this isn’t the Disney Channel. We can’t just watch this happen. There are no adults. There’s no fire department. We are the fire department.”Edilio was there. He said, “Sam’s right. What do you need, Sam? I’m with you.”“Okay. Quinn? The hoses from the hardware store. Edilio? Let’s get the big hoses from the fire station, hook ’em up to the hydrant.”“They’ll be heavy. I’ll need some strong guys.”“You, you, you, you.” Sam grabbed each person’s shoulder, shaking each one, pushing them into motion. “Come on. You. You. Let’s go!
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Nothing is more necessary to the culture of the higher sciences, or of the more elevated departments of science, than meditation; and nothing is less suited to meditation than the structure of democratic society.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|Go ragged then, but pride makes a poor covers; once one man laughs you're naked.
Robert Reilly|The gnostic is Muslim in that his whole being is surrendered to God; he has no separate individual existence of his own. He is like the birds and the flowers in his yielding to the Creator; like them, like all the elements of the cosmos, he reflects the Divine to his own degree. He reflects it actively, however, they passively; his participation is a conscious one.
merlin8thomas|WHEN I WAS LOST IN DARKNESS,I FELT MYSELF LIKE ARMLESS,MY HEART BECOME HOPELESS,ALL I HAD WAS MY WEAKNESS,TILL I FIND MORNING BRIGHTNESS
Carol Alt|Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|It's all well and good to have profound thoughts on a regular basis, but I think it's not enough. Well, I mean: I'm going to commit suicide and set the house on fire in a few months; obviously I can't assume I have time at my disposal, therefore I have to do something substantial with the little I do have. And above all, I've set myself a little challenge: if you commit suicide, you have to be sure of what you're doing and not burn the house down for nothing. So if there is something on the planet that is worth living for, I'd better not miss it, because once you're dead, it's too late for regrets, and if you die by mistake, that is really, really dumb.
Irvine Welsh|Less emphasis on inventories, I think, may tend to dampen business cycles, because business cycles are typically in the grasp of inventory cycles and heavy industry cycles.
Darshana Suresh, Howling at the Moon|The drawings make you smile,” he replied with a grin. “Working on the speech doesn’t do anything.”That...that was so sweet, I wanted to hug him tight, kiss him, too. “Working on your speech will make me smile, too.”His brows lifted and then he flipped his notebook closed. “I know what else will make you smile.”“What? You actually doing some homework?”“Nope.” He glanced at the door again and then rose. “I think me sitting closer to you will make you smile.”The boy knew me well.He took a step closer. “I think holding your hand will make you smile.”I straightened as I watched him.“And I think...” He sat on the edge of the bed and twisted his body toward mine. “I think kissing you will make you smile, too.
Gavin de Becker, Protecting the Gift: Keeping Children and Teenagers Safe|When a baby is born the mother in particular enters into a new larger relationship with the world. She has become connected to all people. She is part of keeping us on earthnot the "us" comprised of individuals but the species itself. By protecting this one baby this gift a mother accepts life's clearest responsibility.
Stephen Crane|Do not weep, maiden, for war is kind.Because your lover threw wild hands toward the sky And the affrighted steed ran on alone, Do not weep.War is kind.Hoarse, booming drums of the regiment, Little souls who thirst for fight, These men were born to drill and die.The unexplained glory flies above them, Great is the battle-god, great, and his kingdom -A field where a thousand corpses lie.Do not weep, babe, for war is kind.
Michael Walzer, Just and Unjust Wars: A Moral Argument With Historical Illustrations|Justice can readily do her job blindfolded; she cannot function gagged and deafened, least of all when the means of gagging and deafening her are not remarked.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|The truth was, neither the Central Intelligence Agency nor any of the other official and unofficial U.S. intelligence organizations have ever been some kind of all-seeing, all-knowing, global illuminati. For starters, we never hand that kind of funding.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Rachel Nichols|I would love four children because I have a very small family, so I want those big Thanksgiving dinners.
Katie J. Davis, Kisses from Katie: A Story of Relentless Love and Redemption|People from my first home say I'm brave. They tell me I'm strong. They pat me on the back and say, 'Way to go. Good job.' But the truth is, I am not really very brave; I am not really very strong; and I am not doing anything spectacular. I am simply doing what God has called me to do as a person who follows Him. He said to feed His sheep and He said to care for 'the least of these,' so that's what I'm doing, with the help of a lot people who make it possible and in the company of those who make my life worth living
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Man is something that shall be overcome.Man is a rope,tied between beast and overman - a rope over an abyss.What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end.
Obert Skye, Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo|What was that you gave me to eat?" Winter panicked.A Filler Crisp," Clover said, his eyes seventy percent concerned and thirty percent mischievous.
Steven Herrick|It was lonely for a day or so until one morning some man , more recently arrived than I, stopped me on the road. 'How do you get to West Egg village?' he asked helplessly. I told him. Ans as I walked on I was lonely no longer. I was a guide, a pathfinder, an original settler. He has casually conferred on me the freedom of the neighborhood.
John M Sheehan|Yes, the depth of truth unfolding like a rose bud in the morning hours to show its beauty when the sun does warm the pedals releasing the scent of love is something to be noticed from one heart made new again from darkness to light
Adam Bagdasarian, Forgotten Fire|Who you are and what you believe in is your real home, the only home no one can take from you, the only home that will last.
T. J. Miller|When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments; tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become.
Jay-Z|I've never worried about being rich or famous - for me, it's all about the dancing.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Throughout the world today there are people who are enduring cruelties and persecution because of their Christian faith. We must pray for them, and for ourselves, so that in our own dying hour God will give us grace to endure until the end, anticipating the certainty of His glory to come.
John le Carré, The Russia House|She's become a Russian again, he thought. When something works, she's grateful. When it doesn't work, it's life.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Through a strange kind of geographic arrogance, Europeans like to think that the world was a silent, dark, unknown place until they trooped out and discovered it.
Ramana Maharshi|you must achieve liberation during your life time.Even if you fail to do it during your lifetime, you must think of god at least at the time of death, since one becomes what he thinks of at the time of death. But unless all your life you have been thinking of God, unless you have accustomed yourself to dhyana of 'Godalways during life, it would not at all be possible for you think of God at the time of death.
R.A. Salvatore, The Silent Blade|As far as you can, get into the habit of asking yourself in relation to any action taken by another: "What is his point of reference here?" But begin with yourself: examine yourself first.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Ultimate Meaning|As long as a self is driven by an id to a Thou, it is not a matter of love, either. In love the self is not driven by the id, but rather the self chooses the Thou.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|In his first summers, forsaking all his toys, my son would stand rapt for nearly an hour in his sandbox in the orchard, as doves and redwings came and went on the warm wind, the leaves dancing, the clouds flying…the child was not observing; he was at rest in the very center of the universe, a part of things, unaware of endings and beginning, still in unison with the primordial nature of creation, letting all light and phenomena pour through.
The Boston Globe|Robert Kapilow is a born teacher, an enthusiast who can think on his feet, a 110 percent believer in the project at hand ... It’s a cheering thought that this kind of missionary enterprise did not pass from this earth with Leonard Bernstein. Robert Kapilow is awfully good at what he does. We need him.
Roméo Dallaire, Shake Hands with the Devil: The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda|Terrorist', noun: 1. Someone my government tells me is a terrorist; 2. Someone my President decides to kill.
George Washington Carver|If you want to be happy, be so.
Michael Ende, Momo|Momo would have been delighted, except that most of the newcomers had no idea how to play. All they did was sit around looking bored and sullen and watching Momo and her friends. Sometimes they deliberately broke up the other children's games and spoiled everything. Squabbles and scuffles were frequent, though these never lasted long because Momo's presence had its usual effect on the newcomers, too, so they soon started having bright ideas themselves and joining in with a will. The trouble was, new children turned up nearly every day, some of them from distant parts of the city, and one spoilsport was enough to ruin the game for everyone else. But there was another thing that Momo couldn't quite understand - a thing that hadn't happened until very recently. More and more often these days, children turned up with all kind of toys you couldn't really play with: remote-controlled tanks that trundled to and fro but did little else, or space rockets that whizzed around on strings but got nowhere, or model robots that waddled along with eyes flashing and heads swiveling but that was all. They were highly expensive toys such as Momo's friends had never owned, still less than Momo herself. Most noticeable of all, they were so complete, down to the tiniest detail, that they left nothing at all to the imagination. Their owners would spend hours watching them, mesmerized but bored, as they trundled, whizzed, and waddled along. Finally, when that palled, they would go back to the familiar old games in which a couple of cardboard boxes, a torn tablecloth, a molehill or a handful of pebbles were quite sufficient to conjure up a whole world of make believe.
Madeline Claire Franklin|But memories were fragile and not to be trusted. They were a weight that Faolin did not need to carry with him when he set out that morning. Things of the past, like the fragile boy he had been, had no place on a man’s journey towards his future.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|As she put it, she knew of nothing so ravishing as having a child whom she could whip whenever she was in a bad mood.("The Queen Fantasque")
Søren Kierkegaard|I am poor—you are my riches; dark—you are my light; I own nothing, need nothing. And how could I own anything? After all, it is a contradiction that he can own something who does not own himself. I am happy as a child who is neither able to own anything nor allowed to. I own nothing, for I belong only to you; I am not, I have ceased to be, in order to be yours.”—Johannes De Silentio, from_Either/Or_
Lisa Kaye Presley, The Judgment|I reckon it’s true what they say that good begets good and bad begets bad. The evil men do lives on after them, but what good they done gets buried with their bones.
Brian Greene|Textbook science is beautiful! Textbook science is comprehensible, unlike mere fascinating words that can never be truly beautiful. Elementary science textbooks describe simple theories, and simplicity is the core of scientific beauty. Fascinating words have no power, nor yet any meaning, without the math.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|I've found that busting your ass on a daily basis to make your art good, clear, and meaningful creates the most luck.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|An Odonian’s goal is positive, not negative. Suffering is dysfunctional, except as a bodily warning against danger. Psychologically and socially it’s merely destructive.
Lauren Hammond, Asphodel|The voice blurs and fades, like a faint cry riding on the tails of the wind. I yawn and stretch, rolling over. I fold my pillow under my head and wait for the voice to return. When I hear nothing but the sound of my own breathing I allow myself to drift back into a dreamless slumber.
Charles de Lint, Spirits in the Wires|We should have stories in common, I found myself thinking. We should have stories, and jokes no one understands, and memories that we know will stay alive because neither of us will let the other forget.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|Life... is like a grapefruit. Well, it's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half a one for breakfast.
Pearl S. Buck|Vulgar of manner, overfed,Overdressed and underbred;Heartless, Godless, hell's delight,Rude by day and lewd by night…Crazed with avarice, lust and rum,New York, thy name's delirium.
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|When the officer approached the window, he said ‘Papers’ and before he could finish, I shouted, ‘Scissors! I win,’ and drove off.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|I admired how she knew, well before I did, that the point of a child is not what you hope he will accomplish in your name but the pleasure that he will bring you, whatever form it comes in, even if it is a form that is barely recognizable as pleasure at all - and more important, the pleasure you will be privileged to bring him.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Embrace the fundamentals like the closest of friends, for they will be the foundation of your future success.
John Berryman, The Dream Songs|These Songs are not meant to be understood, you understand.They are only meant to terrify & comfort.
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|My interpretation can only be as inerrant as I am, and that's good to keep in mind.
Steve Goodier|Of course we need to accept ourselves as we are, but we can't stop there. We also need to value ourselves enough make needed changes.
L.J. Shen, Defy|Your mother can’t hear you here.” 	“Distance is no match for my mother’s eavesdropping and mind-reading skills.”	“I had steel anti-mind-reading plates installed this week. Specially designed to be Marilyn-proof. Also sounds an alarm if she gets within two hundred yards of the building, and I sent the guards downstairs to ninja training. You’re safe.
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|Logic is the science not of external forms of thought, but of the laws of development "of all material, natural and spiritual things", i.e., of the development of the entire concrete content of the world and of its cognition, i.e., the sum-total, the conclusion of the History of knowledge of the world.
Cyndi Lauper|Actually, bizarrely, in America, I get more appreciation from the odd, unusual stuff I've done, almost because I'm not, if you like, famous in America as I am in England.
Yixing Zhang, 而立·24|The home of every soul is not among another's glory, but should be within another's soul.
Scott Kelly|We don't do laundry because that requires a lot of water, and water's at a premium up here. Plus, it'd be pretty complicated, I think, to make a space washer, although I guess you could do it.
Tia Mowry|Daddy was real gentle with kids. That's why I expected so much out of marriage, figuring that all men should be steady and pleasant.
L.L. Barkat, The Novelist|One Bagatelle, and I’ll raise you a novel,” Megan had tweeted back.“Writing for tea? Now that would have been a solution for the British empire,” Laura returned.“Writing for me,” Megan had typed.“I’ll write you a tea fortune.”“No deal. I want a novel. September sounds good.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|It's safer for you to stay with the others,' he said.Safer? He didn't realize.I was already dead.
Germany Kent|Things that will make you unstoppable;Get the naysayers out of your life,Take charge of your destiny,Be uncommon,Be relentless, andNever look backwards.
Bruce Crown, How Dim the Promised Land|A successful actor is praised for never giving up his dreams to become someone else for a living but to dream to be an unmasked artist is a mortal sin in a consumerist society. Artists don't consume; they create things that can’t be consumed with riches. You consume art by seeing, by listening, by feeling, never by buying.
Serge Kahili King, Mastering Your Hidden Self: A Guide to the Huna Way|A strange mystery it is that Nature, omnipotent but blind, in the revolutions of her secular hurryings through the abysses of space, has brought forth at last a child subject still to her power but gifted with sight, with knowledge of good and evil, with the capacity of judging all the works of his unthinking mother.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Fear is the venom impact of predator sting, causing prey not to be focus on the survival.
Anne Sexton|We were fair game but we have kept out of the cesspool. We are strong. We are the good ones. Do not discover us for we lie together all in green like pond weeds. Hold me, my young dear, hold me.
Faruk H.T.|I keep thinking and worry about life, he says...I asked him: can you change yesterday?he said: no..I asked him: do you know what will happen tomorrow?he said: no..If you do not know what will happen tomorrowand if you can not change yesterdaythat means you only have today.Start living Life while you have it.Today.
Bart D. Ehrman, Jesus, Interrupted: Revealing the Hidden Contradictions in the Bible & Why We Don't Know About Them|[P]eople need to use their intelligence to evaluate what they find to be true and untrue in the Bible. This is how we need to live life generally. Everything we hear and see we need to evaluate—whether the inspiring writings of the Bible or the inspiring writings of Shakespeare, Dostoevsky, or George Eliot, of Ghandi, Desmond Tutu, or the Dalai Lama.
zwaantje nacion|I want my relationship with my future boyfriend to be built on trust, not in alcohol , not in the appearance , and in jealous eyes
Ellen Hopkins, Traffick|There's a lesson here, and that is I have to find happiness inside myself before I try to partner again.
Carla L. Rueckert, A Wanderer's Handbook|Write this word deeply into our consciousnesses: forgive! We are bound to develop desires, and to use our will to seek after those desires, whether they be for things worldly or hallowed, for possessions, attributes or the lack of them, and as we achieve our desires, we will find the side effects of each and every one. We will wrong others, for the most part unintentionally, but still, we will err, and others will wrong us, whether they mean to or not. We generally are simply moving too quickly, and judging people and situations too hastily.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Religions are, by definition, metaphors, after all: God is a dream, a hope, a woman, an ironist, a father, a city, a house of many rooms, a watchmaker who left his prize chronometer in the desert, someone who loves you - even, perhaps, against all evidence, a celestial being whose only interest is to make sure your football team, army, business, or marriage thrives, prospers, and triumphs over all opposition.
Marisa Scheinfeld, The Borscht Belt: Revisiting the Remains of America's Jewish Vacationland|Images are mediations between the world and human beings. Human beings 'ex-ist', i.e. the world is not immediately accessible to them and therefore images are needed to make it comprehensible. However, as soon as this happens, images come between the world and human beings. They are supposed to be maps but they turn into screens: Instead of representing the world, they obscure it until human beings' lives finally become a function of the images they create. Human beings cease to decode the images and instead project them, still encoded, into the world 'out there', which meanwhile itself becomes like an image - a context of scenes, of states of things. This reversal of the function of the image can be called 'idolatry'; we can observe the process at work in the present day: The technical images currently all around us are in the process of magically restructuring our 'reality' and turning it into a 'global image scenario'. Essentially this is a question of 'amnesia'. Human beings forget they created the images in order to orientate themselves in the world. Since they are no longer able to decode them, their lives become a function of their own images: Imagination has turned into hallucination.
Nikki Rowe|There isn't much art to writing, you just feel; feel everything deeply and somehow transform your lessons into a magical piece of work that will help someone else's heartache.
Richard Leonard, Sj|Why bother praying? It does not matter if we have developed bad habits in limiting prayer to only asking for things, but prayer is much, much richer than that. By all means let's keep asking God to keep changing us, but let's also give praise and thanksgiving; crying out in lamentation; affirm our trust and faith; sing of our salvation; and simply wait upon the Lord. There is a way to pray for all seasons under the sun.
Raven Frost|Sting my heart, but don't rip it apart.
G.R. Matthews|Love isn't just wanting another person the way you want to own an object you see in a store. That's just desire. You want to have it around, take it home and set it up somewhere in the apartment like a lamp.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Wake up and live your life on your own terms, you are a king in your own kingdom, a god in your own universe
Latika Teotia|We really don’t need much to live comfortably, rest is all extra baggage which we collect because of immature feelings, emotional attachments and so on… same goes with our relationships we hang on to toxic relationships because of our fears and personal reasons. Letting go will bring much needed light and peace. I know it is easier said than done, but if we make conscious efforts, we sure can.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As water drowns but also cleanses, so adversity scalds but also blesses.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who have suffered in the hands of others,know what it is to be free.
Ellen Meister, Dorothy Parker Drank Here|It was the yearning she related to. Shriver seemed to understand the specific human pain of wanting and pushing away at the same time. It left her with a gorgeous ache, and when she turned the last page of the book and closed the cover, Norah's connection to the writer felt absolute. It was a breathless, consuming rapture....
Faith Hill|I had ordered long legs, but they never arrived. My eyes are weird too, one is gray and the other is green. I have a crooked smile and my nose looks like a ski slope. No, I would not win a Miss contest.
Euginia Herlihy|Until we say the truth, there can be no tenderness.As long as there is desire, we will not be safe
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Who you are and what you experience is based upon the choices you make. It's not your parents, your past relationships, your job, the economy, the book you read, what someone said, the weather, an argument, nor your age, that are to blame (or credit!). You, and only you, are responsible for every decision and choice you make. Period.
Aldous Huxley, The Defeat of Youth and Other Poems|Man’s own youth is the world’s youth; at least, he feels as if it were, and imagines that the earth’s granite substance is something not yet hardened, and which he can mould into whatever shape he likes. So it was with Holgrave. He could talk sagely about the world’s old age, but never actually believed what he said; he was a young man still, and therefore looked upon the world—that graybearded and wrinkled profligate, decrepit, without being venerable—as a tender stripling, capable of being improved into all that it ought to be, but scarcely yet had shown the remotest promise of becoming. He had that sense, or inward prophecy, —which a young man had better never have been born than not to have, and a mature man had better die at once than utterly to relinquish,—that we are not doomed to creep on forever in the old bad way, but that, this very now, there are the harbingers abroad of a golden era, to be accomplished in his own lifetime.
Baz Luhrmann|Don't waste your time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind. The race is long and in the end, it's only with yourself.
Thomas S. Foley|The automobile, both a cause and an effect of this decentralization, is ideally suited for our vast landscape and our generally confused and contrary commuting patterns.
Sue Barr, Fiance for Hire|More. Give me more.I don't know if you're ready for this. He's shirtless.You're killing me. Is he built?Like a Greek god.Nooooo.....so unfair. I don't have any hot neighbors, just acres and acres of corn fields.
Beyonce Knowles|Don't get caught up in the 'look' thing. Sometimes, we as men and women, the first thing that attracts us to someone is their physical appearance, and that's not always a good thing because what's good on the outside is not always good on the inside.
E.E. Cummings|You have played, (I think) And broke the toys you were fondest of, And are a little tired now; Tired of things that break, and— Just tired. So am I.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|They lay on their heathery beds and listened to all the sounds of the night. They heard the little grunt of a hedgehog going by. They saw the flicker of bats overhead. They smelt the drifting scent of honeysuckle, and the delicious smell of wild thyme crushed under their bodies. A reed-warbler sang a beautiful little song in the reeds below, and then another answered.
K.A. Tucker|Marriage is a journey of disasters, only to fall in love all over again, with the person that rescues you each time.
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|The lesson I have to teach is this: Leave all creative energies uninhibited. Merely organize society to act in harmony with this lesson. Let society's legal apparatus remove all obstacles the best it can. Permit these creative know-hows freely to flow. Have faith that free men and women will respond to the Invisible Hand. This faith will be confirmed. I, Pencil, seemingly simple though I am, offer the miracle of my creation as testimony that this is a practical faith, as practical as the sun, the rain, a cedar tree, the good earth.
Marcie Beigel, Love Your Classroom Again: Realistic Behavior Strategies for Educators|Words are great, but actions speak louder!
Otto von Bismarck|The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!
John Wilmot, The Complete Poems|God bless our good and gracious King,Whose promise none relies on;Who never said a foolish thing,Nor ever did a wise one.
Rafael dos Anjos|I had dreams of conehead aliens when I was little. Before 'Saturday Night Live' did it. And then they came out with them, and I went on to be a glorified extra in the movie. When everyone else was laughing, I was scared.
Toni Morrison|In a unified and diverse Spain, based on the equality of and solidarity between its people, there is room for all of us. And for all of our feelings and sensitivities and our distinct ways of being Spaniards.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Adults always teased me about having boyfriends, but there was an age where it was no longer a joke, the idea that boys might actually want you.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|There’s no such thing as technology in the singular, only technologies in the plural.
Geoff Mains, Urban Aboriginals: A Celebration of Leathersexuality|In the world of animals, pain serves an equivocal role. Parental nips and swipes are common tools in upbringing. And socially, pain is sometimes used to maintain hierarchies of dominance. But this animal use of pain seems somewhat restrained, at least in contrast with the human situation. Here the capacity for pain is often used to systematically exploit and oppress at intensities often far beyond those seen in the behaviour of our nearest primate relatives. At the same time, at least in western culture, pain is rarely used for pleasure. Is it little wonder that all pain is viewed as intrinsically evil? Or that the pain-pleasure of leatherspace has been labelled torture?
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Dream big dreams, but start small. A journey of thousand steps begins with a step.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I bare my soul and you are suspicious! No, Scarlett, this is a bona fide honorable declaration. I admit that it's not in the best of taste, coming at this time, but I have a very good excuse for my lack of breeding. I'm going away tomorrow for a long time and I fear that if I wait till I return you'll have married some one else with a little money. So I thought, why not me and my money? Really, Scarlett, I can't go all my life waiting to catch you between husbands. 
Richard Ayoade|I would love to write a mystery - a romantic, funny mystery.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|He said, 'I forgive you, Pa."And he said those words because he sensed that it was the only way to save his own heart, to stop it from breaking in two. Despereaux, reader, spoke those words to save himself.
Stefan Zweig|If you have ideas, you have the main asset you need, and there isn't any limit to what you can do with your business and your life. Ideas are any man's greatest asset.
Benjamin Bratt|If I eat a huge meal and I can get the girl to rub my belly, I think that's about as romantic as I can think of.
Anne Rice|Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Life. All this. Why do they need to make us do this? Why do they treat us like we're their slaves?""Power.""Power isn't real. It's just a word.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Usually if you pray from the heart, you get an answer—the phone rings or the mail comes, and light gets in through the cracks, so you can see the next right thing to do. That’s all you need.
Marilyn French, The Women's Room|All men are rapists, and that's all they are. They rape us with their eyes, their laws, their codes.
J.J. McAvoy, Ruthless People|Everything passes away - suffering, pain, blood, hunger, pestilence. The sword will pass away too, but the stars will remain when the shadows of our presence and our deeds have vanished from the Earth. There is no man who does not know that. Why, then, will we not turn our eyes toward the stars? Why?
Bernard Kelvin Clive|For the ancient Greeks, who lacked our social media, the only way to achieve mass duplication of the details of one's life in the apprehension of others was to do something wondrously worth the telling. Our wondrous technologies might just save us all the personal bother. Kleos is a tweak away.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children|If emptiness is endless, then everything rests in emptiness.
David Sheff, Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction|In his suicide note, Kurt Cobain wrote, "It's better to burn out than to fade away." He was quoting a Neil Young song about Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols. When I was twenty-four, I interviewed John Lennon. I asked him about this sentiment, one that pervades rock and roll. He took strong, outraged exception to it. "It's better to fade away like an old soldier than to burn out, " he said. "I worship people who survive. I'll take the living and the healthy.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|There are no boring jobs, only boring men.
Sylvia Waugh|The inspector had interviewed boys before, boys from the poorest parts of town. He had the habit of not specifying "mam" or "dad" or even "parents." They were things he knew not every child possessed and so he was careful.
Karl-Erik Sveiby, Treading Lightly: The Hidden Wisdom of the World's Oldest People|If you can't reuse or repair an item, do you ever really own it? Do you ever really own it? Do you ever develop the sense of pride and proprietorship that comes from maintaining an object in fine working order?We invest something of ourselves in our material world, which in turn reflects who we are. In the era of disposability that plastic has helped us foster, we have increasingly invested ourselves in objects that have no real meaning in our lives. We think of disposable lighters as conveniences -- which they indisputably are; ask any smoker or backyard-barbecue chef -- and yet we don't think much about the tradeoffs that that convenience entails.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your strength lies in knowledge, your power lies in wisdom, your treasure lies in understanding, and your wealth lies in life.
Swami Beyondananda|His accelerated path to yogihood hit a dead end when his kundalini exploded in a crowded department store. No one else was injured, but Swami caught an inflection which left him with a permanent East Indian accent.
Jennifer     Harrison, Perverse Wonderland|I had stopped doing anything for myself. I no longer felt like an individual because for thirteen years, I was one-half of a “we.
Tara Estacaan|ON LIVING LIFE WISELY - To make the right choices, you have to be at peace with yourself.
Hallmark Cards, Celebrations: The Complete Book of American Holidays|There arepeople everywhere. Lindsay wants to be sick, it's like he canfeelall theireyes on him, but he does it anyway and when he finally moves away agood minute later Valentine seems to have turned from himself into a sillybashful schoolgirl, blushing and smiling and not quite looking up."Oh," he says, like that explains everything."Yeah.""Thank you.""That's a shit thing to say when somebody's just ripped all hisprinciples in half to make you feel better.""Thank you very much?""You're welcome.
Ratish Edwards|Sometimes I think if I could do all the things that I stopped doing, meet all the friends that I left due to time, money and other unavoidable circumstances. Continue all my passions at least once. Then my life would be more justified than today. Then I could be finally at peace at the time I finally leave this world
Guy de Maupassant, Collected Stories of Guy De Maupassant|Any government will work if authority and responsibility are equal and coordinate. This does not insure “good” government, it simply insures that it will work. But such governments are rare — most people want to run things, but want no part of the blame. This used to be called the “backseat driver” syndrome.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Find the Bad Guy|There’s a thing they’ve figured out about love. Scientifically. They’ve done studies to find out what keeps couples together. Do you know what it is? It isn’t getting along. Isn’t having money, or children, or a similar outlook on life. It’s just checking in with each other. Doing little kindnesses for each other. At breakfast, you pass the jam. Or, on a trip to New York City, you hold hands for a second in a smelly subway elevator. You ask “How was your day?” and pretend to care. Stuff like that really works.
Helen Fielding, Olivia Joules and the Overactive Imagination|Rules for Living by Olivia Joules14) Sometimes you just have to go with the flow.and then the new one from Elsie, added at the bottom:15) Don't regret anything. Remember there wasn't anything else that could have happened, given who you were and the state of the world at that moment. The only thing you can change is the present, so learn from the past.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|If human foolishness had been as carefully nurtured and cultivated as intelligence has been for centuries, perhaps it would have turned into something extremely precious.
Rebecca West, This Real Night|People know me by the way I live my life, not by the labels I wear, and that means we can hold all sorts of conversations and learn from each other in a way that would not happen if there were the walls of ignorant prejudice between us. --Oisce
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The more you live, the more today you see, the more yesterday’s you left and the more tomorrow you say! Only those who have lived long can best tell the regrets of yesterday, the lessons in today and the real reasons to ponder before you say and think of tomorrow!
Sufjan Stevens|As long as you as an individual... can convince yourself that in order to move forward as best you can you have to be optimistic, you can be described as 'one of the faithful,' one of those people who can say, 'Well, look, something's going to happen! Let's just keep trying. Let's not give up.
anth|I close my eyes and try and shut him out. My fingers don’t want to stay in time. They want to race ahead in fury, plunging into the dense fog of black notes, pulling the music out by its roots, hurling it up out of the piano and into the air.
Peter Lombard|Calculus, the electrical battery, the telephone, the steam engine, the radio - all these groundbreaking innovations were hit upon by multiple inventors working in parallel with no knowledge of one another.
Ira Sachs|Sure I played, did you think I was born at the age of 70 sitting in a dugout trying to manage guys like you?
Debasish Mridha M.D.|The universal law is very simple, but we look at it in a complex way.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Yes, sex is troublesome and beautiful. And only when we drop our expectations, and know that we'll have moments of great sex and moments when our sexuality confounds, pains, or infuriates us, will we be liberated to enjoy it in a way that's true to ourselves.
Megan Abbott, Dare Me|Sometimes truths are what we run from, and sometimes they are what we seek.
Clint Eastwood|Critical thinking helps us to more clearly understand situations, patients, colleagues, and our agendas, negative emotions, attitudes, motivations, talents, and growing edges. This not only helps us to have a greater grasp of reality but also stops the drain of psychological energy that is necessary to be defensive or to protect our image. Because critical thinking is not natural, although we may think it is for us, it takes discipline, a willingness to face the unpleasant, and a stamina that allows one not to become unduly frustrated when we do not achieve results as quickly as we prefer with respect to our insights and growth.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing better than love, kindness and forgiveness to create enduring peace.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When engaging in simple everyday banter and communications, this rule of thumb can really help suppress a lot of our negative word ‘vomit’ since we often mindlessly chat about the things we don’t like. If we refrain from expressing our negative opinions about things unless they’re directly asked for, we can train ourselves to respond rather than react the second we see or hear something and then feel we must verbalize our views about it.Remember, even if we don’t agree with someone or something, we can still speak about the subject at hand in a positive light to encourage growth rather than guilty motivation. I like to say I express more “inspirations” than “opinions” with each passing day.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|If dragons were real, then in all likelihood they were not graceful, high-chested, noble creatures; rather they would have been dirty, ugly, reptilian and mean.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|It felt somehow comforting to return to the sparkling lake tucked into the mountains on Portal Prime. But why, when everything about Mesme made her the antithesis of comfortable?Because here was where desperation had become hope. Where helplessness had become purpose.
Joyce Carol Oates|My first book was called 'Buried Dreams,' about a serial-killer, which was probably about ten years ahead of the serial-killer curve. It was a national bestseller, but it was three years of living in the sewer of this guy's mind.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|No me podía engañar, no cuando apenas si lo nombraba con Marcelo porque necesitaba decir su nombre, volver a acariciarlo en mis labios. Sentir que aún me quedaba algún derecho a sentir mío lo nuestro solo con hablar de lo que fue nuestra relación. Algún día dejaría de hacerlo, algún día dejaría de hablar de él cuando nadie me escuchaba. Solo era un ítem más a mi lista de tareas. Todos estamos llenos de olvidos pendientes.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|Your failings cannot be so great that you cannot overcome them with faith in our Lord; he forgave me mine, he will forgive you yours. You have but to desire it.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|(The Mona Lisa), that really is the ugliest portrait I’ve seen, the only thing that supposedly makes it famous is the mystery behind it,” Katherine admitted as she remembered her trips to the Louvre and how she shook her head at the poor tourists crowding around to see a jaundiced, eyebrow-less lady that reminded her of tight-lipped Washington on the dollar bill. Surely, they could have chosen a better portrait of the First President for their currency?
James     Baldwin, If Beale Street Could Talk|There are things you forget naturally-computer passwords, your father's continuing relationship with life-and then there are things you can't forget that you wish you could.
Anonymous|I just received the following wire from my generous Daddy "Dear Jack: Don't buy a single vote more than necessary. I'll be damned if I am going to pay for a landslide."
Jessica Park, Left Drowning|Fleet kept running,” Kaladin growled, getting back under Elhokar’s arm.“What?”“He couldn't win, but he kept running. And when the storm caught him, it didn't matter that he’d died, because he’d run for all he had.”“Sure. All right.” The king sounded groggy, though Kaladin couldn't tell if it was the alcohol or the blood loss.“We all die in the end, you see,” Kaladin said. “So I guess what truly matters is just how well you've run. And Elhokar, you've kept running since your father was killed, even if you screw up all the storming time.”“Thank you?” the king said, drowsy.
Tal Boldo|Every man must have a peaceful place to contemplate. If you do not have such a place, you must find one!
Maya Angelou|It is just that we should be grateful, not only to those with whose views we may agree, but also to those who have expressed more superficial views; for these also contributed something, by developing before us the powers of thought.
Katherine Patterson|People began to join in, quietly at first to match her mood, but as the song built up at the end, their voices did as well, so that by the time they got to the final “Free to be you and me,” the whole school could hear them. Caught in the pure delight of it, Jess turned and his eyes met Leslie’s. He smiled at her. What the heck? There wasn’t any reason he couldn’t. What was he scared of anyhow? Lord. Sometimes he acted like the original yellow-bellied sapsucker. He nodded and smiled again. She smiled back. He felt there in the teachers’ room that it was the beginning of a new season in his life, and he chose deliberately to make it so.He did not have to make any announcement to Leslie that he had changed his mind about her. She already knew it. She plunked herself down beside him on the bus and squeezed over closer to him to make room for May Belle on the same seat. She talked about Arlington, about the huge suburban school she used to go to with its gorgeous music room but not a single teacher in it as beautiful or as nice as Miss Edmunds.
Gift Gugu Mona|It is reasonable to reason with God because when you only rely on human reasoning, you will be diverted from your purpose.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|No visiting angel, or explorer from another planet could have guessed that this bland orb teemed with vermin, with world-mastering, self-torturing, incipiently angelic beasts.
Lawrence G. Taylor, Strangers In Another Country|However, I must admit that keeping myself to myself has not always been comforting. At times, I seemed to suffer spells of depression and loneliness, longing to become healthy again; of going out and facing a world of injustices, of misery, of widespread indifference.
Tom Landry|A leadership culture is one where everyone thinks like an owner, a CEO or a managing director. It's one where everyone is entrepreneurial and proactive.
Sayiid Jarah|I didn't know how to tell him that I hadn't lost the instinct to survive and yet at the same time I didn't feel much need for self-preservation, that somehow there was a distinction between the two.
Terry Eagleton|The liberal state has no view on whether witchcraft is more valuable than all-in wrestling. Like a tactful publican, it has as few opinions as possible. Many liberals suspect passionate convictions are latently authoritarian. But liberalism should surely be a passionate conviction. Liberals are not necessarily lukewarm. Only the more macho leftist suspects that they have no balls. You can be ardently neutral, and fiercely indifferent.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As the people came to a desert place to hear John the Baptist proclaim, “Thus saith the Lord,” so [man] in his confusions, frustrations, and bewilderment will come to hear the minister who preaches with authority.
Joseph Bwanah|Examples, not educators, educate the best.
Henny Youngman|Christmas morning, I'm going to open presents with my kids. I'm going to take pictures of them opening the presents. Then I'm going to come to the Staples Center and get ready to work.
Ottessa Moshfegh|So, from a very young age, my mom tells me that I wanted to be Michael J. Fox. I didn't want to be an actor. I just wanted to be Michael J. Fox for awhile. And then, I realized that he was an actor, so I pursued that.
Nick Lake, Hostage Three|This is the thing: people think that magic doesn't exist, but it does, all the time. We use spells every day: the spell of forgiveness, the spell of thanks.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Well, friend, I don’t know about your tastes, but I tend to like it very bloody,” Myrnin said. He shifted position, dragging Claire along like a rag doll without any effort at all. “Have we been introduced?”“Probably not. Why, are you asking me out, sweetheart?”“You’re not my type, darling. Is this one yours?”“No,” Frank said, and looked at Shane, just in a quick flicker. “Let’s say she’s a friend of the family.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|Thoughts become things? True, but that analysis is not complete - we need to add two more words: thoughts become things through energy.
FayJay, The Student Prince|Just the way it never rains when you have an umbrella, you'll never run into people if you look fantastic. But go outside in pajamas, and you'll run into every ex you have.
Lexie Syrah, Torn: A Dark BDSM Romance Novel|A swirl of dust and dirt picked up from the shadows that fell over everything in this grungy corner of the world. The dancing movement was hypnotizing. The sand and grit had rested long enough to have drifted into obscurity. But fate had different plans, and this gust of wind had lifted them and turned their obscure and unknown existence into a chaotic tempest of action that could not be ignored.
Goldie Hawn|You're much better off creating positive rewards, complimenting people for acting correctly, rather than punishing them when they act incorrectly.
Thomas Watson, The Lord's Supper|Has Christ provided such a blessed banquet for us? He does not nurse us abroad—but feeds us with His own breast—nay, with His own blood! Let us, then, study to respond to this great love of Christ. It is true, we can never parallel His love. Yet let us show ourselves thankful. We can do nothing satisfactory—but we may do something out of gratitude. Christ gave Himself as a sin-offering for us. Let us give ourselves as a thank-offering for Him. If a man redeems another out of debt—will he not be grateful? How deeply do we stand obliged to Christ—who has redeemed us from hell!
Skyla Madi, Your Guardian Angel|I love thee, I love but theeWith a love that shall not dieTill the sun grows cold,And the stars grow old
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Because of the brevity of life, the Bible warns that we should be prepared to meet God at all times.
Nishikant|A thing is never untold, It is always misperceived.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|Coming through the fire and through the storm of life with a strong man, my fiance Ashanti, whom I've been dating for eight months and two wonderful children beside me, I'm just so happy that I have been able to maintain my integrity and get to where I am today with the right energy around me.
Kelly Sandoval, The Best American Science Fiction and Fantasy 2015|It smells of blood and honey, of sex and song.
Elenore Smith Bowen, Return to Laughter: An Anthropological Novel|Eve hugged him and whispered in his ear, "Careful. I'm fatal." He needed to remember that warning.He whispered back, holding her hair so she couldn’t squirm away, “Jesus. It’s like you said that directly to my balls.”She laughed so hard at his unexpected reply.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Memory, even in the rest of us, is a shifting, fading, partial thing, a net that doesn’t catch all the fish by any means and sometimes catches butterflies that don’t.
William Carlos Williams|If it ain't a pleasure, it ain't a poem.
Kevin McCloud|I've always wondered what it would be like if somebody from outer space landed with three heads. Then all of a sudden everybody else wouldn't look so bad, huh? Well, OK you're a little different from me but, hey, ya got one head.
Agatha Christie, Cards on the Table|When critics surrender to the prevailing orthodoxy, the author says they adopt the rhetoric of an occupied country, "one that expects no liberation from liberation.
Vahan Zanoyan, A Place Far Away|Children do not dwell on the ordinary harshness of life, even as they suffer through it.
Logan Pearsall Smith|People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Stine Saugmann|One day, I will look up and all the people I know will be dead or abroad.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|It's so trendy, almost bleeding to death. All the cool girls are doing it.
G.A. Hauser, The Wedding Planner|- Do you ever work? Or do you just walk office to office, soliciting blowjobs?- I work occasionally. It's just that the BJs are much more exciting.
Nancy Pickard|Frankly, the reason I joined MENSA is because I was dating a guy at the time who spoke five languages and could solve a Rubik's Cube literally with his eyes closed because it's just an algorithm.
Benny Bellamacina|Question everything, unless it's the answer
Mehmet Murat ildan|When we look at the old photographs, we always ask three main questions: Are they alive? If they are, where are they? And finally, what is their life story? Photography is an art of creating many questions in the mind of the viewer!
Michael  Grant, Plague|For some reason Canon Fenneau made me feel a little uneasy. His voice might be soft, it was also coercive. He had small eyes, a large loose mouth, the lips thick, a somewhat receding chin. The eyes were the main feature. They were unusual eyes, not only almost unnaturally small, but vague, moist, dreamy, the eyes of a medium. His cherubic side, increased by a long slightly uptilted nose, was a little too good to be true, with eyes like that. In the manner in which he gave you all his attention there was a taste for mastery.
Tana French, In the Woods|I recently heard a talk about identity in which the speaker said it's almost as though we are born into a world in which we are constantly being labeled by others -- our parents, our friends, our family, and people we don't even know. Each person, from the outside looking in, comes up with a label to slap onto us without our permission. Some labels are kind and some are truthful, but many of them are lies. And sometimes we leave the negative labels on so long that we believe what they say; we allow those labels to define us.
Jessica Lawson, Nooks and Crannies|The trouble with disagreeable people, Tibbs, is that the majority of them seem to be either one's direct relations or part of one's daily job. Present company excluded, of course. - Inspector Percival Pensive, The Case of the Haughty Housemaid
Corrine Jackson, Pushed|The passage is free for those who think you are not good enough for them: at your level, I think the best option is to sit back, relax and listen to a cool music, while watching them pack out of your life, and that's when you feel the intense release from the pit of hell.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|For the coming of that day shall I fight, I and my sons and my chosen friends. For the freedom of Man. For his rights. For his life. For his honor.
Miranda Otto|You're playing a role, but you're still feeling it. You can walk away from it after 'Cut,' but if you're playing a sad or mixed-up person, it's hard to stay in that place for these longish period of times. You kind of have to check out.
Neil Gaiman, The Sandman: Endless Nights Special #1|If you have nothing left to want, then you just wait. Until there's nothing left to wait for.
Mohammed Sekouty|Simply,Winners meet the challenge rather than avoid it
Whitney Wolfe|I personally have always hated dating. I was never vulnerable or insecure in any part of my life, but I would become that way with a guy because they have control, according to society, when it comes to dating.
Roger Stone|Freedom and opportunity are precious gifts and the purpose of our politics is to expand them, for all our people.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Paganism is the default of most children, since they excel at magical thinking.
Fatema Mernissi|Beauty is not all there is of poetry. It must contain the truth. It is not simply an oak, rude and grand, neither is it simply a vine. It is both. Around the oak of truth runs the vine of beauty.
Zeena Schreck|The material world is all feminine. The feminine engergy makes the non-manifest, manifest. So even men (are of the feminine energy). We have to relinquish our ideas of gender in the conventional sense. This has nothing to do with gender, it has to do with energy. So feminine energy is what creates and allows anything which is non-manifest, like an idea, to come into form, into being, to be born. All that we experience in the world around us, absolutely everything (is feminine energy). The only way that anything exists is through the feminine force.
Ufuoma Apoki|Playmates share two gifts. You are loveable, and there is nothing to be afraid of.
Christopher Priest, The Islanders|None of it is real, though, because reality lies in a different, more evanescent realm. These are only the names of some of the places in the archipelago of dreams. The true reality is the one you perceive around you, or that which you are fortunate enough to imagine for yourself.
Walt Disney Company|Some dream it, some do it, some do both.
Scott Adams|Life is half delicious yogurt, half crap, and your job is to keep the plastic spoon in the yogurt.
Liza Wieland|What is it, she asks me, why do people cry? Why do we cry when we're happy and when we're sad or hurt? I tell her what I know or think I know: that the body does not distinguish between emotional and physical pain; the muscles around the lachrymal glands receive a message from the brain, then tighten and squeeze out tears. Tears contain high levels of the hormone ACTH and prolactin, endorphins (which we know are mood-altering and pain-killing), as well as thirty times more manganese than is found in blood, suggesting that human tears can concentrate and remove harmful substances from the body. Prolactin in humans controls fluid balance; by the age of eighteen women have 60 percent more prolactin than men, which may explain why women seem to cry more often. I tell her that sadness--like happiness--is an intense feeling of being alive, of having essence. I try to explain to her my own nonscientific theory: that crying is about weight or heft, that we cry when our bodies feel too light or too heavy to bear or hold on to language.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|You make me believe in happiness... if I had my way, if anything were up to me, I’d never be without you. You are my purpose.
George MacDonald, The Princess and the Goblin|Seeing is not believing, it is only seeing,”George MacDonald, The Princess and the Goblin
Ian R. MacLeod, The Summer Isles|Write what you want to write and would like to read, not for any invisible audience. Your readers will find you.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|You will live as you live in any world,' Madame Lebedeva said. She reached out her hand as if to grasp Marya's, as if to press it to her cheek, then closed her fingers, as if Marya's hand were in hers. 'With difficulty, and grief.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unleashed|Quinn,” Alaric said quietly. “His aim is to ignite your temper. Perhaps you might allow me the chance to assist you this one time?” “Fine, but you seem to be making a habit of it,” she shot back. “We can discuss that later, too. Be my guest.” 
Margaret Madigan, Gambling on the Outlaw|Now, tomorrow, and always.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|He liked however the open shutters; he opened everywhere those Mrs. Muldoon had closed, closing them as carefully afterwards, so that she shouldn't notice: he liked--oh this he did like, and above all in the upper rooms!--the sense of the hard silver of the autumn stars through the window-panes, and scarcely less the flare of the street-lamps below, the white electric lustre which it would have taken curtains to keep out. This was human actual social; this was of the world he had lived in, and he was more at his ease certainly for the countenance, coldly general and impersonal, that all the while and in spite of his detachment it seemed to give him.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|At that moment a very good thing was happening to her. Four good things had happened to her, in fact, since she came to Misselthwaite Manor. She had felt as if she had understood a robin and that he had understood her; she had run in the wind until her blood had grown warm; she had been healthily hungry for the first time in her life; and she had found out what it was to be sorry for someone.
Terry Zwigoff|I don't like most Christmas movies. They're pretty bad, though they seem to make tons of money anyway. Like this movie 'Elf,' I got the script for that, and I turned it down right away. Against my wife's better judgment.
Debasish Mridha|To love yourself, love others.
Lauren Willig|I love the sound of words, the feel of them, the flow of them. I love the challenge of finding just that perfect combination of words to describe a curl of the lip, a tilt of the chin, a change in the atmosphere. Done well, novel-writing can combine lyricism with practicality in a way that makes one think of grand tapestries, both functional and beautiful. Fifty years from now, I imagine I’ll still be questing after just that right combination of words.
Charles F. Stanley|We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
William Godwin|Freedom of expression - in particular, freedom of the press - guarantees popular participation in the decisions and actions of government, and popular participation is the essence of our democracy.
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|the grace is being able to like rock music,symphony music, jazz …anything that contains the original energy ofjoy.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Writing is making love under a crescent moon: I see shadows of what’s to come, and it’s enough; I have faith in what I can’t see and it’s substantiated by a beginning, a climax, an ending. And if it’s an epic novel in hand, I watch the sunrise amid the twigs and dewing grass; the wordplay is what matters.Simply put, I’m in love, and any inconvenience is merely an afterthought.The sun tips the horizon; the manuscript is complete. The author, full of profound exhaustion, lays his stylus aside. His labor of love stretches before him, beautiful, content, sleeping, until the next crescent moon stars the evening sky.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|Picture time travel as nothing more than knocking your half-read book to the floor and losing your place. You pick up the book and open the pages to a scene too early or late, but never exactly where you’d been reading.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|The dearest idol I have known,Whate'er that idol be,Help me to tear it from thy throne,And worship only thee.So shall my walk be close with God,Calm and serene my frame;So purer light shall mark the roadThat leads me to the Lamb.
Caragh M. O'Brien, Prized|No, I can't die because there are too many jackasses falling over themselves to take my place! I may live forever just to spite them!
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|When he heard his father call out for Abel and he saw his borther go forth, it made him feel like he was nothing. He couldn’t even say that he felt like Cain anymore. One could not feel like Cain because it had no flavor. Cain was the absence of flavor. Cain was like saliva or a Wednesday.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|I can't come,' she said apologetically, 'I have forgotten how to fly.''I'll soon teach you again.''O Peter, don't waste the fairy dust on me.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You know he loves you, right? (Amanda)Yeah, but emotions don't have brains. (Ash)- About Nick
Lois McMaster Bujold, Beguilement|(Watching her) was a little like watching water lilies; rather more like smelling a dinner he was not allowed to eat. Was it possible to be starved for so long as to forget the taste of food, for the pangs of hunger to burn out like ash? It seemed so. But both the pleasure and the pain were his heart’s secret, here. He was put in mind, suddenly, of the soil at the edge of a recovering blight; the weedy bedraggled look of it, unlovely yet hopeful. Blight was a numb gray thing, without sensation. Did the return of green life hurt? Odd thought.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|(on grief) And you do come out of it, that’s true. After a year, after five. But you don’t come out of it like a train coming out of a tunnel, bursting through the downs into sunshine and that swift, rattling descent to the Channel; you come out of it as a gull comes out of an oil-slick. You are tarred and feathered for life.
Ray Kurzweil|The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|More times than I’m willing to admit I am my own worst enemy, which suggests that more times than I’m willing to admit I should allow God to be my own best friend.
Gene Siskel|On my 14th birthday, my grandfather and my grandmother gave me the best birthday present ever: a drafting table that I have worked on ever since.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|I thought when you finally kissed me, I'd be able to walk away." He shook his head, his voice lowering to a throaty whisper. "I was dead wrong.
C.K. Walker, Room 733|I’ve always felt a little lost in life, like I never received complete instructions on who I'm supposed to be. Everyone else around me seemed to know exactly who they were. Their lives would fly right by me; their GPS’s locked on to destinations while I just sat idling in the street. In high school I never did any extracurricular activities because I couldn't figure out if I was a sports person or a music person. And it was no different in college. I wandered through four different majors, unable to decide who I wanted to be. I just felt like a blank slate.And if I was a blank slate, Micah York was The Starry Night - authentic, beautiful, perfect. He was my exact antithesis which is what attracted me to him in the first place. He was born knowing exactly who he was and what he was about. His confidence and certainty in himself was an all but tangible element of him.
Stephanie Beacham|I do love to walk around in New York because people will notice me, smile, but they never bother anyone. New Yorkers are very cool. I love New York.
Howard Dean|I always encourage women to let their individuality show by not covering up what they perceive as flaws. When I see a woman with the natural wrinkles of time on her face, I do not see the wrinkles at all, but when I see a woman trying to cover them up with too much foundation or concealer, all I see are her wrinkles.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Would you kick her ass already?" Dick said, shoving me back toward Missy. "Come on, Stretch, man up. You do better than this! Get mad."I nodded, rolling a dislocated shoulder back into place with a grunt and staggering back toward my opponent. Behind me, Zeb yelled, "She tried to hurt Fitz!" He turned to Gabriel and Dick. "That'll get her mad."Gabriel rolled his eyes. "She's been framed for murder twice over, shot in the back, her arms were set on fire, and her parents are being held hostage. You think tampered dog water is what's going to make her angry?" "You tried to hurt my dog!" I wheezed as I lurched toward a grinning Missy.
Bertrand Russell, In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays|If every day at work feels like a Friday, then you are doing what you were meant to do.
Fakeer Ishavardas|As one of the seven billion human beings, I believe everyone has the responsibility to develop a happier world.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you leave your life to chance, you can't make a change. Chance may favour a prepared mind, but it doesn't create change! Will does so.
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|You may enrich the world in a million different ways.And you may enrich the world, simply, with your presence.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Just how common do such savageries have to be for a decent person to be unable to overlook them? If you knew that one in one thousand food animals suffered actions like those described above, would you continue to eat animals? One in one hundred? One in ten?
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|The dead to the grave, the living to the loaf.
Nathan Fillion|I'm not an admirer of action movies. I just think, Oh my God, it must be so tiring.
Sarah Jio, The Last Camellia|Aren't you two ever going to read Hogwarts, A History?""What's the point?" said Ron. "You know it by heart, we can just ask you.
Phil Hine, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation|Food wasn’t one of the amenities at Cooper, the five-hundred-bed hospital on which millions of poor people depended. Nor was medicine. “Out of stock today” was the nurses’ official explanation. Plundered and resold out of supply cabinets was an unofficial one. What patients needed, families had to buy on the street and bring in.
Paulo Coelho|Don’t try to be useful. Try to be yourself: that is enough, and that makes all the difference
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|Joel Bakan, author of The Corporation: The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power argues that if corporations have 'person hood' under the law, then it makes sense to question what kind of people they are. He posits that corporations behave with all the classical signs of sociopathy: they are inherently amoral, they elevate their own interests above all others', and they disregard moral and sometimes legal limits on their behavior in pursuit of their own advancement. Organizations of this type would thrive under the leadership of people who have the same traits: sociopaths.
Mekael Shane|Once a man takes honesty as his ideal, he cannot confine himself to showing to pleasant and reasonable side of his nature.
Gerard de Marigny, The Eagle's Plume|I like to call a spade a spade in politics and in everything else. That's why the zionists and the americans...The top officials hate Saddam Hussein.The White House is lying once again. He's a liar.He's the world's number one liar.He said there were chemical weapons in Iraq, and that Iraq is connected with terrorism.Later he declared: 'We didn't find any of this in Iraq.'What I want to say is that he also declared that what Saddam Hussein says is not true...This is defamation of your president of thirty five years.
Munia Khan|He thought to himself, I’ll never be this perfect again, an idea that made him sad.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|A mother knows what her child's gone through, even if she didn't see it herself.
Daisy Ridley|We hope that through these trade arrangements, through collaboration in training, in manpower development, and what have you, ASEAN in, say, ten years' time, will be a very different ASEAN.
Leslie A. Gordon, Cheer|The key to activating maturation is to take care of the attachment needs of the child. To foster independance we must first invite dependance; to promote individuation we must provide a sense of belonging and unity; to help the child separate we must assume the responsibility for keeping the child close. We help a child let go by providing more contact and connection than he himself is seeking. When he asks for a hug, we give him a warmer one than he is giving us. We liberate children not by making them work for our love but by letting them rest in it. We help a child face the separation involved in going to sleep or going to school by satisfying his need for closeness.
H.M. Ward, SECRETS Vol. 4|Don’t waste your entire life always waiting for the end of the day, for the weekend, for summer, for things to change, for something better. Enjoy as much of the present as you can. Now is happening. Now is good. Now belongs to you.
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|Como siempre, la consideración de su muerte lo serenaba tanto como lo turbaba la muerte de los demás. Tal vez porque, a fin de cuentas, su muerte era el final del mundo.
Mark Bittman, VB6: Eat Vegan Before 6:00 to Lose Weight and Restore Your Health . . . for Good|I don't care what you Yanks say, cheese should not whiz.
Carolyn Gibbs, Murder in Paradise|Sam stood on the second floor veranda of the hotel, across from the pool, and looked out spotting Claire. His heart took a tiny leap in his chest when he first caught sight of her in the crowd around the pool, he zeroed in on her face instantly, like a computer program scanning faces. Her almond-shaped brown eyes captivated him, even at the great distance. When she stood up from the lounger, he instinctively reached down for the railing to grab on to something. It was the first time he'd seen her in a bathing suit. Wow. She looked lovely. Her exposed cafe latte colored skin glowed. Purple was her color, and it showcased her small, but curvy body the one he'd held tightly just a few short hours ago.
Kharma Kelley, Tall, Dark & Deadly|Lips, red, ruby, like the blood, like the words.
Christie Craig, Shut Up and Kiss Me|I’d like to make it clear from the start that I am gay, gay,gay. Like, when I come out of the closet, I’m usually wearingmy sister’s prom dress kind of gay.
Judy Blume|We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment.
Mark Jarman, Bone Fires: New and Selected Poems|No moment is ever isolatedWith history elsewhere, drilling its stitches.
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Could you visit me in dreams? That would cheer me.Sweet to see friends in the night, however short the time.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|Paul saith, 'Not of works, lest any man should boast.' Now, faith excludes all boasting. The hand which receives charity does not say, 'I am to be thanked for accepting the gift'; that would be absurd. When the hand conveys bread to the mouth it does not say to the body, 'Thank me; for I feed you.' It is a very simple thing that the hand does though a very necessary thing; and it never arrogates glory to itself for what it does. So God has selected faith to receive the unspeakable gift of His grace, because it cannot take to itself any credit, but must adore the gracious God who is the giver of all good.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|This day is not a sieve, losing time. With each passing minute, each passing year, there's this deepening awareness that I am filling, gaining time. We stand on the brink of eternity.
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|I was doing that thing the infatuated do, stitching destiny onto the person we want stitched to us.
James Truslow Adams|There are obviously two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live. Surely these should never be confused in the mind of any man who has the slightest inkling of what culture is. For most of us it is essential that we should make a living...In the complications of modern life and with our increased accumulation of knowledge, it doubtless helps greatly to compress some years of experience into far fewer years by studying for a particular trade or profession in an institution; but that fact should not blind us to another—namely, that in so doing we are learning a trade or a profession, but are not getting a liberal education as human beings.
Elizabeth Peters, Borrower of the Night|Any man with a grain of sense knows that marriage is the only way, these days, to acquire a full-time maid who works twenty-five hours a day, with no time off and no pay except room and board. (p9)
Jay Kristoff, Nevernight|The books we love, they love us back. And just as we mark our places in the pages, those pages leave their marks on us.
Michelle Madow, The Prophecy of Shadows|Am I a professor? Goodness. I expect I was hopeless, was I?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Bless your mum, who carried you for nine months in her womb.
Sarah  Winter, Snowbound|Satan's warming me a throne, that's how long [I've been watching you]. Not a chair, not a seat at the bar. The big guy's got a throne with my name on it.
Eyden I.|This is our life; dreams come true, and dreams stumble, while others dreams remain postponed perpetuity.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|Youth is no protection; in the end, life scars us all.
Jared C. Wilson|Life is not a funfair, life is a warfare
Chanda Kaushik|The more you resist change, the more it will be painful for you to accept it.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Natasha, with a vigorous turn from her heel on to her toe, walked over to the middle of the room and stood still... Natasha took the first note, her throat swelled, her bosom heaved, a serious expression came into her face. She was thinking of no one and of nothing at that moment, and from her smiling mouth poured forth notes, those notes that anyone can produce at the same intervals, and hold for the same length of time, yet a thousand times leave us cold, and the thousand and first time they set us thrilling and weeping.
Joshua Wolf Shenk|Trying to compose even a single sentence can have the same effect, as we try to juggle grammatical and syntactical alternatives plus all the possibilities of tone, nuance, and rhythm even a simple sentence offers. Composing, then, is a cognitive activity thatconstantly threatens to overload short-term memory.
Ted Deutch|Atoms consist of a positive nucleus and negative electrons flying around outside it. Electrons closest to the nucleus feel a strong negative-on-positive tug, and the bigger atoms get, the bigger the tug. In really big atoms, electrons whip around at speeds close to the speed of light.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Education makes your maths better, not necessarily your manners.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Autocrat of the Breakfast Table|He [Jesus] knew no sin. Do you realize this? There has never been one moment in your life— not one moment in your life that wasn’t tainted by sin. And yet, there never was a moment in His life that was tainted by sin! Someone asked me a long time ago, "What is the greatest sin you can commit?" And all of a sudden it just popped in my head so I said it— I said, “Well, I suppose the greatest sin you could commit is to break the greatest commandment that’s ever been given: to love the Lord your God with all you heart, soul, mind, and strength.” Do you realize there’s never been one moment in your life that you have loved God as God ought to be loved? To even suggest that you have is paramount to blasphemy. You have never loved God in a way that God deserves to be loved. But there was never one moment in the life of the man Jesus Christ that He did not love God as God deserves to be loved! You think Jesus is great? He’s greater than you know...
Steven M. Cahn|Above all, it seems to me wrongheaded and dangerous to invoke historical assumptions about environmental practices of native peoples in order to justify treating them fairly. ... By invoking this assumption [i.e., that they were/are better environmental stewards than other peoples or parts of contemporary society] to justify fair treatment of native peoples, we imply that it would be OK to mistreat them if that assumption could be refuted. In fact, the case against mistreating them isn't based on any historical assumption about their environmental practices: it's based on a moral principle, namely, that it is morally wrong for one people to dispossess, subjugate or exterminate another people.
Roberto Bolaño|One night I dreamed of an angel: I walked into a huge, empty bar and saw him sitting in a corner with his elbows on the table and a cup of milky coffee in front of him. She’s the love of your life, he said, looking up at me, and the force of his gaze, the fire in his eyes, threw me right across the room. I started shouting, Waiter, waiter, then opened my eyes and escaped from that miserable dream. Other nights I didn’t dream of anyone, but I woke up in tears.
David Nicholls, Us|I have always been well liked, I think, always well regarded and respected, but having few enemies is not the same as having many friends, and there was no denying that I was, if not "lonely", more solitary than I'd hoped to be at that time.
Paul Sabatier|Success isn't something you achieve by accident, but rather by design.
David Foster Wallace|When people are bored, it is primarily with their own selves that they are bored.
Paul Theroux, The Tao of Travel: Enlightenments from Lives on the Road|The wish to travel seems to me characteristically human: the desire to move, to satisfy your curiosity or ease your fears, to change the circumstances of your life, to be a stranger, to make a friend, to experience an exotic landscape, to risk the unknown..
Manuela George-Izunwa|Guard your heart:Mysterious things happen in there.Stand as the watchman of your soul,And be careful about what you let in.For, therefrom, come all your life's issues.
Bill Blais, No Good Deed|He’s here! That’s Damon over there!”Because of his height, Noah had a clear shot of the man she was pointing to. But he still couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “Oh, come on,” he groaned. “A blond haired, blue-eyed demon?”He glanced at Willow just in time to catch her impish grin. “He’s adorable, isn’t he?”“Yeah, he’s friggin’ precious,” he muttered...
Sakin Maharjan|As far as everyone is concerned, I'm in love with you today and tomorrow.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|Honestly I don't know why i have these parties""Because of your cat""That's true. Chairman Meow deserves my every effort
Vironika Tugaleva|A leaf does not resist the breeze. A goose does not resist the urge to fly down south. Is this not happiness? Is this not freedom? To access this incredible state, we need only one thing: Trust. Trust that, when you are not holding yourself together so tightly, you will not fall apart. Trust that it is more important to fulfill your authentic desires than listen to your fears. Trust that your intuition is leading you somewhere. Trust that the flow of life contains you, is bigger than you, and will take care of you - if you let it.
Audrey Hepburn|The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mole,but true beauty in a Woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she knows.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|There are three sources of belief: reason, custom, inspiration.
Prophet Muhammad|Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|People tend to resist a change into something new and different.But after it's succeded, they easily say that the change is a must.
Natsuki Kizu, リンクス [Links]|Isaiah lazily yet deliberately tilts his head as he stares into my eyes. My entire body hums and a fuzzy sensation fills my head, making it hard to focus. My mouth opens then closes. And as he slowly bends down, my tongue quickly licks my dry lips.I hope I’m doing this right. I want to do this right.Isaiah slips his hand from my chin to cradle my head. His fingers tunnel through my hair, making the back of my neck tingle with anticipation as the pad of his thumb whispers gently against my cheek. His lips hover right next to mine and his warm breath heats my face.The blood pounds so wildly in my veins that he has to sense the vibration. There’s a magnetic pull taking over the small distance between our lips. An energy I can’t resist. My head inclines opposite his and the moment I close my eyes, his mouth brushes mine.Soft. Warm. Gentle. His lips move slowly, exerting pressure. And I feel like I can’t breathe, yet like I’m flying. The pressure ends, but his mouth stays near mine. His hand grips my waist and my spine gives at the shockingly right pleasure of his touch.Isaiah senses my weakness and his hand snakes its way around my waist, his strong arm holds me up. And he explores again. A little pressure on my lower lip. A little pressure on the top. And then I remember that I’m supposed to kiss him back.Nerves send small shock waves through my chest, and my hand trembles as I raise it to his shoulders. I press both my lips into his lower one right as my fingers caress the side of his neck. Isaiah shivers. In a good way, I think.I open my mouth to ask when his lips move fast against mine, sucking in my lower one, causing warmth and excitement to explode in my body, the aftermath of that divine encounter melting every piece of me.I moan, and Isaiah’s arm tightens, bringing my body closer to his. My lips maneuver against his in response. A yes to his pulling me closer. A yes to his lips taking in mine. A yes to the fact that he allows me to perform the same succulent kiss on him.I can’t help it. I permit the tip of my tongue to barely brush his lower lip. Isaiah curls my hair into his fist and I love how my touch affects him, affects me. Wrapping my other arm around his neck, I lose all sense of independence with his sweet taste.I like this. I like this a lot.
Robert Owen|Oh literature, oh the glorious Art, how it preys upon the marrow in our bones. It scoops the stuffing out of us, and chucks us aside. Alas!
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|Everyone can choose to live with a golden heart, it is a privilege of loving truly.
Plato|In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. When we are ill... we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one.
Jimmy Page|When Justice White retired, he gave me the chance to work for Justice Kennedy, as well. Justice Kennedy was incredibly welcoming and gracious, and like Justice White, he taught me so much. I am forever grateful. And if you've ever met Judge David Sentelle, you'll know just how lucky I was to land a clerkship with him right out of school.
Amit Kalantri|You have your God, I have my guts.
Oscar Bimpong|Silence prevailed everywhere, like the gloomy dumbness after the riots in the city.
Edward Hirsch|You're shadowed by your own dream, especially as you get older, of trying to create something that will last in poetry. And so, you're working on its behalf.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, Fallowblade|True friendship is worth more than can be measured, a quality forever to be treasured.True friends will staunchly stand beside each other,as loyally brother shieldeth brother,remaining firm in spite of war and strife,in poverty or sickness, throughout life.True friendship doth endure while comrades agefrom boy to youth, from warrior to sage.
Charles Frazier|Back then, he'd have to leave at the end of August for the start of school, so the week before Labor Day became it's own tiny season of gloom, like a hundred Sunday nights crowded together.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|Honey, there is no one right way to eat cannelloni.
Karl Marx|The education of all children, from the moment that they can get along without a mother's care, shall be in state institutions.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You need courage because at various moments in your life you might need to attempt something new, push yourself outside your comfort zone, challenge the status quo, change your story, or overcome your fear.
John M Sheehan|Religious fundamentalists belong in a museum at the exhibit of medieval antiquities, not in any nation.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The odds may be stacked against you. Yet, I believe, when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance, you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and the rest of us.
Norah Vincent|This will sound strange, and yet I'm sure it was the point: it was a bit like being high. That, for me, anyway, had always been the attraction of drugs, to stop the brutal round of hypercritical thinking, to escape the ravages of an unoccupied mind cannibalizing itself.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|If I knew how and where to sacrifice myself, I must know how and where to save myself.
Trent Reznor|I suppose the only thing at 50 you can really start to look forward to is just total irresponsibility. As you get older, you can just sit in a chair, wear anything you want, you know you can walk down; old people dress cool. You know they wear sweatpants. The elderly have it down.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.
Hunter S. Thompson|My meaning simply is, that whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
Marvin Hamlisch|Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it.
Camelia C.|Not all light is good. There is negative light, that can cast bad shadows.
Katie J. Davis|We aren't really called to save the world, not even to save one person; Jesus does that. We are just called to love with abandon. We are called to enter into our neighbors' sufferings and love them right there.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you aren't satisfied with what has already been done, make something better. That is the greatest responsibility and the true freedom of creativity. The freedom is in that it doesn't need to complain.
Joyce Rachelle|There is comfort, even among strangers, when people find something they are equally passionate about.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Transition and change - guaranteed to cause anxiety. That anxiety shows itself in physical and behavioral ways, but also with thoughts (sometimes really crazy ones). This is the (primitive/automatic) brain's way of keeping us safe from the danger of change. We end up getting so involved with the feeling and thoughts of anxiety, we get distracted from the "danger". If we trust the anxiety then our primitive brain has succeeded in "protecting" us from the danger. I suggest not believing, trusting, or taking direction from the anxiety and continue your pursuits forward. Then, you will be amazed at your ability to attract and reveal your true capabilities, your light, your magic.
Haruki Murakami, The Elephant Vanishes|Unsure how to answer, I took another grape. Time was no problem for me, but I wasn't eager to hear the long life story of a dwarf. And besides, this was a dream. It could evaporate any moment.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|If you feel hatred in your heart, pray. If you feel murder in your mind, pray. God will repay.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Violence is weakness. True strength comes not through brutality and savagery, but through tenderness, mercy and grace.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|Books,' I say sleepily. 'They don't change either. If you read a book and look at it again later on, it's still the same thing. But it's exciting all over again.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|Psychological motivation is the desire to change relations between two points, and so psychology is the study of equations with two unbound variables. ("America: Three Audiences")
Jaclyn Friedman|A slut is someone, usually a woman, who’s stepped outside of the very narrow lane that good girls are supposed to stay within. Sluts are loud. We’re messy. We don’t behave. In fact, the original definition of “slut” meant “untidy woman.” But since we live in a world that relies on women to be tidy in all ways, to be quiet and obedient and agreeable and available (but never aggressive), those of us who color outside of the lines get called sluts. And that word is meant to keep us in line.
Henning Mankell, The Dogs of Riga|We may all deserve hell, but some of us deserve it sooner than others.
Chris Mentillo|A women does not become whole, until she has a baby.
Thomas Fuller|At some point, the government expands into the private sphere so far that you live in a place with a whole lot less freedom. I didn't like that that was the direction of travel for our country, and decided to come to Washington to try and be a small part of bringing it back.
Mina Carter, Tamed by the Mistress|She liked this. Liked the closeness. With lover’s she’d taken in the past, things had been short and sweet. She certainly hadn’t stuck about to snuggle in case they started to get ideas, not after the first time. Killing a guy you’d fucked was one thing, but to kill one you’d snuggled with damn near broke a girl’s heart
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|If the afternoon had been blue,there might have been less desire.
Abhijit Naskar|In your imagination, 16,000 animals can fit into a boat that is only 440 feet long, 73 feet wide and 44 feet high. You can even decapitate a boy and then fit an elephant’s head on his headless body to bring him back to life. You can construct a demon with as many as ten heads and conceive him to be immortal unless he is hit at his navel. As far as your imagination is concerned, there is no boundary to perception.
Aphole|What is birthday, but a celebration of death.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Mindful Being|If a man speaks many holy words but he speaks and does not, this thoughtless man cannot enjoy the life of holiness: he is like a cowherd who counts the cows of his master.Whereas if a man speaks but a few holy words and yet he lives the life of those words, free from passion and hate and illusion—with right vision and a mind free, craving for nothing both now and hereafter—the life of this man is a life of holiness.
Raneem Kayyali|Every thought creates a plan,every decision creates a way forward, every action brings forth tangible assets. Everything starts from the mind my friend.
Jose Bergamin|The rules or 'laws' of poetry are only tentative devices, an approximate scheme. There is no Sinaitic recipe for poetry, for the individual poem is the norm.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|When I push the button on my laptop, it should start up. If it doesn’t, it can’t blame its nonexistent emotions. It should respond immediately and appropriately because that’s what it has been created to do.In evaluating my parenting, I realized much of my anger with my children arose from my having the wrong perspective about them. I was viewing them as if they were machines.
Robin Williams|See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Tina Carreiro, Power of the Moon|When you give yourself to me, completely, I will bite you. Until then, my love, I will only nibble on you.”~Cole
Francois Rabelais|Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries.
Debasish Mridha|In life, never talk about problems. Talk about solutions.
Anthony Joshua|Scotland is my country, the nation that shaped me, that taught me my values. A nation whose achievements inspired and inspire me, a community whose failings drive me - drive my overwhelming desire to fight for social justice and equality.
Frauke Heyde|They asked me why I loved him, and I said: “Because he doesn’t remember how to love himself.
Sherwood Smith, Remalna's Children|Act'. How many good people do you really know? I discount those who mouth out platitudes for the edification of the young, and who truly are 'good', whatever that means?"What a strange subject, and from such a strange person!"Everyone I know is a mixture, some with more good than bad, and it varies on different days,
Monica O Montgomery|In diversity is life and where there's life there's hope, was the general sum of his creed, a modest one to be sure.
Jim Jensen|The definition of a relationship is like a shower. You walk in when it is cold, and comes out when it is too hot.
Adlai E. Stevenson|Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it.
John McEnroe|As I'm getting older, I'm really learning unconditional love and loyalty are extremely important.
Bela Lugosi|Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Katherine Heigl|Reminded of what a diet really is, I began eating more slowly, being more conscious of when I was full. I started to enjoy my buckwheat bread with goat cheese and pureed butternut-squash soup as a response to real hunger.
J. Richard Gott III, Time Travel in Einstein's Universe: The Physical Possibilities of Travel Through Time|If you see an antimatter version of yourself running towards you, think twice before embracing.
Charles R. Swindoll|Let your passion become a passionate pursuit of Me. And as you follow, the sheep will follow.' (John 21:20-22)
Mary Maina, The Proverbs 31 Lady: Unveiling Her Secrets Before Saying I Do|There is power in a Lady who trusts in God-a lady who has put all her eggs in God’s basket. Women possess some gift that touches the heart of God. This gift is so powerful that Jeremiah, the weeping prophet who was known for his great compassion found himself needing the intercession of women to tap into this power. The Lord asked Him to send for the women to let them take up wailing as God knew His ears are open to the cry of distressed women
Amit Kalantri|Foolish minds will entertain you, but confuse minds will irritate you.
Paul Walker|I think cool moments like winning a Grammy deserve a nice little party where you really soak it in and not have to work and stuff. I do remember throwing a party on that Grammy night, but it was work.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|But walking through it all was one thing; walking away, unfortunately, has proved to be quite another, and though once I thought I had left that ravine forever on an April afternoon long ago, now I am not so sure. Now the searchers have departed, and life has grown quiet around me, I have come to realize that while for years I might have imagined myself to be somewhere else, in reality I have been there all the time: up at the top by the muddy wheel-ruts in the new grass, where the sky is dark over the shivering apple blossoms and the first chill of the snow that will fall that night is already in the air.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|Liar! I know that you humans build your life in lies. It starts with your mortal lords and their fabricated gods. They use fictitious stories to impregnate the minds of people, and like herds of sheep they do as their told. With manipulation alone is enough to secure their reign. After all, is it not in your nature to be wanted and purposeful? It is such an easy game to play. I have observed this falsehood accepted by fathers and mothers over and over again. The idiocy becomes one with their children, and they become the infrastructure that not only sedates but corrodes the soul with instructed conformity. In the end, lies are all that you are.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|For no medium is excessively dangerous if its users understand what its dangers are. It is not important that those who ask the questions arrive at my answers or Marshall McLuhan's (quite different answers, by the way). This is an instance in which the asking of the questions is sufficient. To ask is to break the spell.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan wants to lure us into his traps, and he knows exactly what kind of “bait” will appeal to us. He knows what we’re like, and he will attack us exactly where we are the weakest.
Delilah Marvelle, Prelude to a Scandal|Her unusual upbringing had made her worldly enough to understand that every female, no matter her genus and species, had the ability to physically coerce a male into full cooperation.And yes, she knew just the male to coerce.
Christopher Moore|If John Lennon was right that life is what happens when you're making other plans, parenthood is what happens when everything is flipped over and spilling everywhere and you can't find a towel or a sponge or your "inside" voice.
P.J. O'Rourke|Not responding is a response--we are equally responsible for what we don't do. In the case of animal slaughter, to throw your hands in the air is to wrap your fingers around a knife handle.
Emily Whitman, Wildwing|An alder tree can't become an oak at will. A maple can't pick up its roots like legs, and stride, step by powerful step, along the shore to find the sun. And everything that ever said otherwise--all those years of school, and the plays and moving pictures that promise you can be someone else, something more--they were all lies.
Tamora Pierce, Trickster's Choice|We build up pretty pictures of men, when we want to be in love. We hate to have them ruined.
Sergio Troncoso, Crossing Borders: Personal Essays|A library, no matter how big or small, is a careful balance of love and responsibility. A machine, if you will, cranked by those who care most about reading.
Tim Keel, Intuitive Leadership: Embracing a Paradigm of Narrative, Metaphor, and Chaos|In America religion is the road to knowledge, and the observance of the divine laws leads man to civil freedom.
James Jean-Pierre|It pains me to have all this knowledge and no one to share it with, I’d have to say its number 3 on my list. – Of what causes me the most pain.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Emma, Mr. Knightley, and Chili-Slaw Dogs|I'm not one of those academics that don't do shit but reads about it. The difference is, I do shit. I have a proof of concept and it works.
Kate Avery Ellison|I laughed under my breath, and it sounded bitter. “Listen to me. What am I talking about, worth it? Is any experience or bit of beauty worth the cost of my life? I know nothing but safety and self-preservation at all costs.”“And yet,” he said softly, “you’re risking everything to help me.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|He is a free man, not because is in a poition of political power and influence that you will never be able to achieve, and not because he has more character and heart in his fingertip than you have in your entire being, but because he is a man, and is thus entitled to be free.
Alistair Cross|.” I watched her sip at the drink some more. She was strong, healthy, but also petite enough that I was certain I could overpower her. I’d made the right decision not to tranquilize her, I thought. Slipping some powerful barbiturate into a mixed drink wasn’t something I was above, but it always felt like such a lost opportunity. I liked the fight, the tightening and clenching of a woman’s body as she writhed for freedom. I felt the slow swelling of arousal between my legs and made no effort to disguise it.
Darcy Coates, The Haunting of Blackwood House|Love yourself’ the social horde spouts from on high, mere moments later they frown at a bypassing narcissist.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Only when the seeker is lost, the truth is there. Seek, and you will miss. Seek not, and you will find. The very seeking becomes a barrier to truth, to the ultimate experience.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you take a photo, you often take your own reality into your camera - the reality that you shaped in your mind - and not the real reality over there, whatever it is!
Compton Gage|Go thy way, and tell my people, the people of thy Lord God what manner of things, and how great wonders of the Lord thy God, thou hast seen.
Elizabeth Langston, Whisper Falls|Ben's words called to my heart. Instead of responding with terror, it opened like a fist uncurling, as though it had been waiting twenty-six years just to hear his voice.
M.A. George, Aqua|As one of the little streams starts snaking my way, inching closer to the toe of my shoe, I hop over the spreading puddle and out of its reach. I don’t look back to see if it’s going to follow me. I’m already three blocks away and still gaining speed
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A fine line exists between quitting on ourselves and letting go of a restrictive position in life and moving forward to reach our ultimate destination based upon our natal predisposition honed by a lifetime of experimentation. Who has not been forced to stop and ask ourselves, ‘who are we,’ ‘what are we doing,’ and ‘where are we going?’ Who has not been forced to pause by life’s dynamic forces and ask ourselves, ‘what mystical chords bind us as a species; what is the meaning of life; and how do we give birth to our genetic blueprint while shaping a sense of purposefulness out of our own existence and striving to bring joy to other people’s hearth?’ To answer these life affirming questions that gnaw most voraciously at our consciousness at the time when tension and unsettling trauma besieges us, we must appreciate our heritage, be mindful our epoch, accept responsibility for our adult decisions, and strive to accumulate wisdom that segues our entrance into the future. Each of us must arrive at a unifying philosophy that guides our living quest, and the sooner we come to terms with our eccentric self the quicker we will perceive and appreciate the ineffable beauty of nature.
Keith Stuart, A Boy Made of Blocks|If she was liquid, she would drink her; if she was a gas, she would breathe her; if she was a pill, she would down her'; if she was a dress, she would wear her; a plate, she would lick her clean.
Rick Gualtieri, Holier Than Thou|This was shaping up to be the worst conference call of my life, even worse than that time I accidentally clogged the school toilet back in the first grade with my Boba Fett figure (I was pretending it was the Sarlaac pit).
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our life force is a form of flowing energy, a blast of verve renewed through our ongoing daily interactions and the inevitable collisions between the id and the ego.
Emile M. Cioran|When the imagination and will power are in conflict, are antagonistic, it is always the imagination which wins, without any exception.
Alexis Ohanian, Without Their Permission: How the 21st Century Will Be Made, Not Managed|You need three things to create a successful startup: to start with good people, to make something customers actually want, and to spend as little money as possible. Most startups that fail do it because they fail at one of these. A startup that does all three will probably succeed.' [Paul Graham]
J.R. Rim|In life you find pleasure. In life you find pain. Pain and pleasure is an example of the duality in life. Enjoy them both, they are part of the ride. The key is to not turn the pain into something else - regret.
Henry James|It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance, and I know of no substitute for the force and beauty of it's process.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Needing kindness myself, I am kinder now, and we get on amazingly well. [p. 110]
Walter Gropius|In architecture you should live for 150 years, because you have to learn in the first 75 years.
Jean Teulé, The Suicide Shop|She leaves, carrying a biodegradable carrier bag that reads THE SUICIDE SHOP on one side, and on the other: HAS YOUR LIFE BEEN A FAILURE? LET’S MAKE YOUR DEATH A SUCCESS!
David Miller|My reign is not yet over... you live, and my power is complete. Follow me; I seek the everlasting ices of the north, where you will feel the misery of cold and frost to which I am impassive. You will find near this place, if you follow not too tardily, a dead hare; eat and be refreshed. Come on, my enemy; we have yet to wrestle for our lives; but many hard and miserable hours must you endure until that period shall arrive.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|To be a disciple of Jesus means to learn from Him, to follow Him. The cost may be high.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Even if you break with me and crush my heart, I'm never getting back together with Dawn. I know that the world isn't flat now, I'm not going back.
Giorgos Seferis|Don't ask me who's influenced me. A lion is made up of all the lambs he's digested, and I've been reading all my life.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Why can’t the world hear? I ask myself. Within a few moments I ask it many times. Because it doesn’t care, I finally answer, and I know I’m right. It’s like I’ve been chosen. But chosen for what? I ask.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|when all this started, I asked myself, 'Am I going to withdraw from the world, like most people do, or am I going to live?'I decided I'm going to live---or at least try to live---the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humor, with composure.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|The success of my journey depended on whether my heart walked forward—toward my people—instead of backward, away from them.
Marge Piercy|God invented concubinage, satan marriage.
Queen Rania of Jordan|If you really want change, you really want it to be inclusive, where everyone's included, otherwise you're just going to have more of the same in the future.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|. . .the home place is the safe haven, the convergence of waters, the place where the beloved dead are as real as the living.
Tim Floreen, Willful Machines|It made you wonder: How much of our lives was just luck or good timing, and how much was actually choice? How could it be that tiny serendipitous events could change everything? And if lucky events could change everything, could minor mishaps have the same power?
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|Man often accords the sexual urge a merely biological significance and does not fully realize its true, existential significance - its link with existence. It is this link with the very existence of man and of the species Homo that gives the sexual urge its objective importance and meaning. This importance only emerges into consciousness when man is moved by love to take on himself the natural purpose of the sexual urge.
Benjamin Kane Ethridge|Some are taxed on their success, true. Some are taxed on their survival, also true.
Virginia McKevitt|King Yorandt to Kristina in book three of Fracture the Secret Enemy Saga~Secretsrelease date: Summer 2014 Even the master does not play perfectly. He can only hope to make fewer mistakes than his opponent, and that in the end, he is the victor. Sajah (chess) is a ruthless game where the pieces are all pawns and the Queen is the true killer. She spares no one to protect the king. The king however, is ruled by all of the pieces that lay before him, even his opponent. Every move is a decision that can change the whole board, and the endgame.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Ultimately, if the Lord doesn’t build the house (or the Sunday school class, or the church, or the family, or the business, or the relationship, or ), we are laboring in vain anyway (Psalm 127:1). We release the burden of stress when we release the responsibilities for the outcome to the Lord.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Be passionate and become successful. Share your success, be it an information, income and emotions with someone who need them most. You are a success… Make an impact!
Claire Fullerton, A Portal in Time|If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be. ” — Joseph Campbell
J.K. Rowling|There are plenty of eyewitness accounts, just because you're so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you-
Robin Rose Bennett, The Gift of Healing Herbs: Plant Medicines and Home Remedies for a Vibrantly Healthy Life|Soulful healing asks, while you are healing your body with herbs from Earth, that you look for the meaning in what is happening within your body as it relates to your whole being.
Lucan|Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death.
Sun Yat-sen|I happen to think it's the politics that makes you electable, but the reason for that is politicians sometimes talk about electability as if it's just a matter of conning the public. Actually, it's a matter of persuading the public, and in my experience, usually, the public gets it right.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Hypocrisy in anything whatever may deceive the cleverest and most penetrating man, but the least wide-awake of children recognizes it, and is revolted by it, however ingeniously it may be disguised.
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|But fate, as Merlin always taught us, is inexorable. Life is a jest of the Gods, Merlin liked to claim, and there is no justice. You must learn to laugh, he once told me, or else you'll just weep yourself to death.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Love is not always fireworks and magic. Often we’ll experience it in the form of patience, acceptance, loyalty, and mutual respect.
Cora Carmack, Faking It|Because you've got balls of steel.'I hated when people said that, like it assumed strength and being a male were synonymous. There was strength in being a woman. 'Spence, I don't have balls. Good thing, too, because they'd look terrible in the lingerie I'm wearing.
Victor Hugo|There are no veterans, only survivors.
Stephen Richards|You have two voices, one that only you hear, and another that you speak out loud with, so others hear you. Regardless of what you actually say with your mouth, what matters is what your inner voice says, for this is the one you listen to the most.
Alfred Stieglitz|— How do you make your pictures? — I don’t know, it’s not important.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|What you feel, you can heal.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|Of course there are worlds. Millions of them! Every star you see has worlds, and most of those you don't see.
Kate Atkinson, A God in Ruins|There’s nothing wrong with an adult being a child, except whining like one.
Duncan Bannatyne, Anyone Can Do It|You can run a business any way you like, but you'll run it better if you build it around your strengths.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Fate|If he ever wanted vengeance on me for all I did, he has it now. This is the worst thing he could do to me. Now I know how it feels to be left behind. As I left him.
Björk|We emphasize straightforwardness. You should be true to your feelings, and to your mind, expressing yourself without any reservations. This helps the listener to understand more easily.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Nobody likes insurance companies, especially health insurance companies.
George Bernard Shaw, My Fair Lady|Metaphor isn't just decorative language. If it were, it wouldn't scare us so much. . . . Colorful language threatens some people, who associate it, I think, with a kind of eroticism (playing with language in public = playing with yourself), and with extra expense (having to sense or feel more). I don't share that opinion. Why reduce life to a monotone? Is that truer to the experience of being alive? I don't think so. It robs us of life's many textures. Language provides an abundance of words to keep us company on our travels. But we're losing words at a reckless pace, the national vocabulary is shrinking. Most Americans use only several hundred words or so. Frugality has its place, but not in the larder of language. We rely on words to help us detail how we feel, what we once felt, what we can feel. When the blood drains out of language, one's experience of life weakens and grows pale. It's not simply a dumbing down, but a numbing.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|It's just nice, I guess. Knowing that someone else can put into words what I feel. That there are people who have been through things worse than I have, and they come out on the other side okay. Not only that, but they made some kind of twisted, fucked-up sense of the completely senseless. They made it mean something. These songs tell me I'm not alone. If you look at it at that way, music... music can see you through anything.
Stephen Hawking|For my part, I desire to see the time when education - and by its means, morality, sobriety, enterprise and industry - shall become much more general than at present, and should be gratified to have it in my power to contribute something to the advancement of any measure which might have a tendency to accelerate the happy period.
Ed Sheeran|In the end nothing matters but the work. You can’t control how it’s taken, and the act of telling a story always involves a gap. Sometimes confusion is the risk of ambiguity–I say that to students all the time. It’s true at the fireside and it’s true in the parlor, and it’s true in made-up towns and New York. Two humans face one another, words come out of one, words go into the other mind through the ears and eyes of the listener. It’s a story. It’s simple. The gap is the thing. Make sure you build the bridge.
Alicen Grey|No, I'm the human here. I'm the life at stake. I'm the one with fingernails, who feels pain.Me.
Sarah MacLean, One Good Earl Deserves a Lover|I hated myself for needing him at such times, for craving his strength whenever I felt upset.
Black Elk|I do think the heart can balance out the mind, if your heart is in a good place it can give you the strength to do the right thing and behave the right way and overcome the mind.
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|In its various forms, so far as we know them, Love seems always to have a deep significance and a most practical importance to us little mortals. In one form, as the mere semi-conscious Sex-love, which runs through creation and is common to the lowest animals and plants, it appears as a kind of organic basis for the unity of all creatures; in another, as the love of the mother for her offspring—which may also be termed a passion—it seems to pledge itself to the care and guardianship of the future race; in another, as the marriage of man and woman, it becomes the very foundation of human society. And so we can hardly believe that in its homogenic form, with which we are here concerned, it has not also a deep significance, and social uses and functions which will become clearer to us, the more we study it.
Gail Carriger, Soulless|Remember what you won't get if you don't mind," her grandfather remarked.
Annie Riley, The Seer|All real estate agents should be put on a decommissioned naval frigate which is then towed out into the deepest part of the Atlantic and sunk. It's rather unfortunate that, in recent years, real estate agents have become comedy betes-noires. Rather like lawyers or used car salesmen. Every time they mention their job they probably get people amusingly making the sign of the cross at them or are subjected to some good-natured, humorous ribbing. This has the effect of distorting what I'm trying to say here, which isn't in the nature of a smiling roll of the eyes and a "Tsk, real estate agents, eh?" but rather "All real estate agents should be put on a decommissioned naval frigate which is then towed out into the deepest part of the Atlantic and sunk.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|And out the bus window, here is my dead world come true, my whole dead world in motion.
Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia|It isn't an easy thing to give your loyalty to someone you don't know, especially when that person chooses to reveal nothing of himself.
Richie Norton|It's called entrepreneurSHIP, not entrepreneurSIT. Don't wait. Just ship.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|He felt like a compass needle. The needle knows nothing about magnetic north; it only knows it must point in a certain direction, like it or not.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|When you cannot find a pill for it, try taking a full dosage of responsibility
Dorothy Hartley|If everything I possessed, vanished, suddenly,I'd be sorry.But I value things unpossessed.The wind, and trees, and sky and kind thoughts, much more.
Viorel Muha|The only thing I want more than you, is to do right by you.
James Lee Burke, Jolie Blon's Bounce|But no one could say he hadn't gotten even. He could not count the field women whom he had sexually degraded and demoralized and in whom he had left his seed so their bastard children would be a daily visual reminder of what a plantation white man could do to a plantation black woman whenever he wanted, nor could he count the black men whom he had made fear his blackjack as they would fear Satan himself, making each of them a lifetime enemy of all white people.
R. Sharenow|The longer I don't write, the more I hurt.
Avicenna|What is this so-called 'employment flexibility'? It simply means that employers, in their quest to reduce costs whilst trying to meet the demands of globalisation, are disregarding the traditional job boundaries – often to the detriment of the unskilled, non-standard worker. Employers use non-standard workers to avoid restrictive labour laws and collective bargaining restraints. In addition, the practice provides them with more flexibility.
Thomas Browne|... all humans are frightened of their own solitude. Yet only in solitude can man learn to know himself, learn to handle his own eternity of aloneness. And love from one being to another can only be that two solitudes come nearer, recognize and protect and comfort each other." - The Mountain is Young
Sapphire, Push|Some folks got a light around them that shine for other peoples. I think that maybe some of them was in tunnels, and in that tunnel, maybe the only light they had was inside of them. And then, even long after they escaped that tunnel... They still be shining for everybody else.
J.R. Ward, Lover Revealed|I liked you, cop. From the moment I met you. No… not the first moment. I wanted to kill you when I first met you. But then I liked you. A lot.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|Man wants to make certain about the future,about tommorow--which cannot be done. Let it sink as deeply in your heart as possible, it cannot be done. Don't waste your present moment trying to make the future certain. The future is uncertainity that is the very quality of the future.One can do only one thing: Be alert and wait.
Max Tegmark, Our Mathematical Universe: My Quest for the Ultimate Nature of Reality|Electrons, when they were first discovered, behaved exactly like particles or bullets, very simply. Further research showed, from electron diffraction experiments for example, that they behaved like waves. As time went on there was a growing confusion about how these things really behaved ---- waves or particles, particles or waves? Everything looked like both.This growing confusion was resolved in 1925 or 1926 with the advent of the correct equations for quantum mechanics. Now we know how the electrons and light behave. But what can I call it? If I say they behave like particles I give the wrong impression; also if I say they behave like waves. They behave in their own inimitable way, which technically could be called a quantum mechanical way. They behave in a way that is like nothing that you have seen before. Your experience with things that you have seen before is incomplete. The behavior of things on a very tiny scale is simply different. An atom does not behave like a weight hanging on a spring and oscillating. Nor does it behave like a miniature representation of the solar system with little planets going around in orbits. Nor does it appear to be somewhat like a cloud or fog of some sort surrounding the nucleus. It behaves like nothing you have seen before.There is one simplication at least. Electrons behave in this respect in exactly the same way as photons; they are both screwy, but in exactly in the same way….The difficulty really is psychological and exists in the perpetual torment that results from your saying to yourself, "But how can it be like that?" which is a reflection of uncontrolled but utterly vain desire to see it in terms of something familiar. I will not describe it in terms of an analogy with something familiar; I will simply describe it. There was a time when the newspapers said that only twelve men understood the theory of relativity. I do not believe there ever was such a time. There might have been a time when only one man did, because he was the only guy who caught on, before he wrote his paper. But after people read the paper a lot of people understood the theory of relativity in some way or other, certainly more than twelve. On the other hand, I think I can safely say that nobody understands quantum mechanics. So do not take the lecture too seriously, feeling that you really have to understand in terms of some model what I am going to describe, but just relax and enjoy it. I am going to tell you what nature behaves like. If you will simply admit that maybe she does behave like this, you will find her a delightful, entrancing thing. Do not keep saying to yourself, if you can possible avoid it, "But how can it be like that?" because you will get 'down the drain', into a blind alley from which nobody has escaped. Nobody knows how it can be like that.
Douglas Coupland|Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|I knew there was something peculiar about you," she said. "And I mean that as the highest compliment." I'd always known I was strange. I never dreamed I was peculiar.
Barack Obama|If a man hasn’t found something he will die for, he isn’t fit to live.
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|You love the beauty that you can see and touch and handle, the beauty that you can destroy, and do destroy, but of the unseen beauty of life, of the unseen beauty of a higher life, you know nothing. You lost life's secret.
Robert M. Hutchins|In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad.
Kathryn Smith, Taken by the Night|I want to take you until you are boneless. I want to drain you of strength. I want to fill you and take my fill of you. My dear, Ivy, I want to devour you. I want your juices on my toung, flooding my mouth. I want your wetness on my face, your scent covering me. I want your blood in my veins.
Carrie Jones, Need|A single tear forms, just in the corner of one eye, but it doesn't roll down my cheek; it merely crystallizes in the cold air, it grows and grows into a second giant globe that doesn't want to orbit with the world—it breaks off from the planet and plunges into infinity.
Lillian Faderman, Surpassing the Love of Men: Romantic Friendship and Love Between Women from the Renaissance to the Present|Love between women could take on a new shape in the late nineteenth century because the feminist movement succeeded both in opening new jobs for women, which would allow them independence, and in creating a support group so that they would not feel isolated and outcast when they claimed their independence. … The wistful desire of Clarissa Harlowe’s friend, Miss Howe, “How charmingly might you and I live together,” in the eighteenth century could be realised in the last decades of the nineteenth century. If Clarissa Harlowe had lived about a hundred and fifty years later, she could have gotten a job that would have been appropriate for a woman of her class. With the power given to her by independence and the consciousness of a support group, Clarissa as a New Woman might have turned her back on both her family and Lovelace, and gone to live “charmingly” with Miss Howe. Many women did.
E.J. Caulder, Sunshine: Diary of An Affair|Werewolves are not a subject for academe,” she said, “but you know what the professors would be saying if they were. ‘Monsters die out when the collective imagination no longer needs them. Species death like this is nothing more than a shift in the aggregate psychic agenda. In ages past the beast in man was hidden in the dark, disavowed. The transparency of modern history makes that impossible: We’ve seen ourselves in the concentration camps, the gulags, the jungles, the killing fields, we’ve read ourselves in the annals of True Crime. Technology turned up the lights and now there’s no getting away from the fact: The beast is redundant. It’s been us all along.
Rachel Cohn|According to analyses conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, 100 grams of fresh tomato today has 30 percent less vitamin C, 30 percent less thiamin, 19 percent less niacin, and 62 percent less calcium than it did in the 1960s. But the modern tomato does shame it's counterpart in one area: It contains fourteen times as much sodium.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|With each reunion (we) had to learn each other all over again. There was always that nervous moment at the airport when I would stand there waiting for him to arrive, wondering, Will I still know him? Will he still know me?
Uzoma Nnadi|I've found myself moved by letters and diaries in archives as well as trashy, summer blockbusters. It's possible to make a connection with any kind of writing - as long as the writing is good.
Ted Dekker, When Heaven Weeps|What a terrible thing it is for children to see death, you say. We have it all wrong. If you make a child terrified of death, he won't embrace it so easily. And death must be embraced if you wish to follow Christ. Listen to His teaching. 'Unless you become like a child...and unless you take up your cross daily, you cannot enter the kingdom of heaven.' One is not valuable without the other. Janjic Jovic, The Dance of the Dead, 1959
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 2|An uneventful, quiet life together is more my idea of a romance.”“Really? Oh. Well. It won't get you featured in any of the ballads though.”“Yes,” he said, with a heavy sigh. “And that will be the great tragedy of my romance.
Carl David Anderson|The majority of men in every generation, even those who, as it is described, devote themselves to thinking, live and die under the impression that life is simply a matter of understanding more and more, and that if it were granted to them to live longer, that life would continue to be one long continuous growth in understanding. How many of them ever experience the maturity of discovering that there comes a critical moment where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|People who have been initiated "broke through in what felt like breaking down".
Sun Yat-sen|A man has to have sensibility, wit, mystery, tolerance, and strength... Romance also helps.
Shannon L. Alder|Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you. However, if it taught you to hold onto grudges, seek revenge, not forgive or show compassion, to categorize people as good or bad, to distrust and be guarded with your feelings then you didn’t learn a thing. God doesn’t bring you lessons to close your heart. He brings you lessons to open it, by developing compassion, learning to listen, seeking to understand instead of speculating, practicing empathy and developing conflict resolution through communication. If he brought you perfect people, how would you ever learn to spiritually evolve?
Muhammad Ali|Cautiously, he moved further out, checking the roofs, doors, windows. Nothing. He walked out further, keeping against the wooden wall of a building, just in case. His heart was pounding in his ears. Strange, isn’t it? You could be in hundreds of fights, but everyone always seemed like the first time. A million different things could happen, go completely wrong. Then it might well be his last. Where is he? Which building?
John le Carré|I went through the usual stages: imp, rascal, scalawag, whippersnapper. And, of course, after that it's just a small step to full-blown sociopath.
Alan Kay|Thought is a strenuous art - few practice it, and then only at rare times.
Cecelia Ahern|I can understand now why people read, why they like to get lost in somebody else's life. Sometimes I'll read a sentence and it will make me sit up, jolt me, because it is something that I have recently felt but never said out loud. I want to reach in to the page and tell the characters that I understand them, that they're not alone, that I'm not alone, that it's okay to feel like this.
Socrates|Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Ron Lizzi, Go Outside and Come Back Better: Benefits from Nature That Everyone Should Know|Life rarely follows a straight line. Success is a process of trying, reacting, and changing.
Gene Wilder|If you're not gonna tell the truth, then why start talking?
Holly Lisle|Anything designed to be inoffensive isn't worth your time -- life itself is pretty offensive, ending as it does with death.
Jay Woodman|Don't be afraid to show your soul, we need plenty of soul to show in this world.
Alton Brown|I get a delivery of a diet food during the week, which doesn't mean that I don't eat the occasional Krispy Kreme doughnut.
Alexandre Dumas|This sometimes happened: from time to time, Dantès, driven out of solitude into the world, felt an imperative need for solitude. And what solitude is more vast and more poetic than that of a ship sailing alone on the sea, in the darkness of night and the silence of infinity, under the eye of the Lord?
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|Gunner Ainslie made a face at his sister-in-law. "'Amateur' is a bit rough, Alice. I took a degree in archaeology, after all."She looked even more confused. "Then why are you a photographer now instead of an archaeologist?""Because he didn't want to be a burden to the estate like all my other siblings," his brother Elliott, the current Baron Ainslie, answered, giving his wife a squeeze. "Or so he said. Frankly, I think it was a cover so he could take pictures of unclothed women.
Carl T. Rowan|The moral world is as little exempt as the physical world from the law of ceaseless change, of perpetual flux.
George Selden, The Cricket in Times Square|He doesn't yearn for a better, different life than the one he has - because he knows he's got a home in this one.
Rob Delaney|Single parenting is sometimes just a case of sitting around by yourself in mild despair, not knowing what to do.
R.A.Delmonico|The core is harmonic regularity, the outer darkness is random noise, we are in the space between them. Every engine takes advantage of a difference. These two extremes are woven into each other. The eternal now is the processing of meaning.
A. Whitney Brown|That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|To live is to have worries and uncertainties. Keep them inside, and they will destroy you for certain--leaving behind a person so callused that emotion can find no root in his heart.
Timothy Pina, Bullying Ben: How Benjamin Franklin Overcame Bullying|Let it be said...that it was our generation that truly made a difference and that it was our guiding lights of love, peace and kindness that helped us.
Jay Crownover, Jet|Sometimes, things need to change, because there just isn't any way for them to stay the same.
Kaori Yuki, Angel Sanctuary, Vol. 20|I wonder how Admat can be everywhere. Is he in my sandal? Or is he my sandal itself? Why would a god bother to be a sandal? Does he wear shoes or sandals himself, invisible ones?
Sri Chinmoy, Sri Chinmoy's Heart Garden: A Book of Aphorisms for Joy and Inspiration|If you feel like giving up, give up on that feeling and give into the realization there are endless possibilities waiting to be discovered before you.
Steven Magee|It felt good to sit around and agree, to have a common enemy and a shared struggle. It felt good to be understood.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Some people with DID present their narratives of sadistic abuse in a quite matter-of-fact way, without perceptible affect. This may sometimes be done as a way of protecting themselves, and the listener, from the emotional impact of their experience. We have found that people describing trauma in a flat way, without feeling, are usually those who have been more chronically abused, while those with affect still have a sense of self that can observe the tragedy of betrayal and have feelings about it. In some cases, this deadpan presentation can also be the result of cult training and brainwashing. Unfortunately, when a patient describes a traumatic experience without showing any apparent emotion, it can make the listener doubt whether the patient is telling the truth. (page 119, Chapter 9, Some clinical implications of believing or not believing the patient)
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war.
Ban Ki-moon|True equality means holding everyone accountable in the same way, regardless of race, gender, faith, ethnicity - or political ideology.
Edna  Robinson, The Trouble with the Truth|Considering the extravagance of my expectations, the flying experience was bound to be a disappointment.
Tullian Tchividjian, One Way Love:  Inexhaustible Grace for an Exhausted World|The apostle Paul claimed the Law is written on the 'fleshy tables' of the human heart (2 Cor. 3:3 KJV). What he meant are these 'shoulds' and 'shouldn'ts' are both instinctual and inescapable, part of our DNA. They are a psychological reality. We may justify our actions away, but deep down, we know when we've done something wrong.
Cole Swindell|I want to be somebody, a person, first that people remember, but also, I want music that I release to still be around. I don't want it to just be cool for a second and be gone.
Debasish Mridha|Come, come everyone, come with love, come with joy, come to my heart, there is always spring, roses always smiling, soul is always singing with joy in the light of love. I am waiting, are you coming. My heart is always ready to dance, always ready to love, always ready with a song.
Jeffrey Zeldman|I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meuron's invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|I didn't doubt the potential value of paying attention to subconscious cues...problem was, my inner voice resembled Chicken Little: it was screaming that I was about to die, but it did that almost every time I laced up my climbing boots.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Your life on earth is but for a few days and before you know it, you are no more.
Debasish Mridha|Question is not whom I am going to love, but question is whom I am going not to love.
Paul Watzlawick, Münchhausen's Pigtail, or Psychotherapy & "Reality"|Difficult times do not produce gentility, as if there is an angle hovering over the world of the oppressed.
Elon Musk|Every time I have some moment on a seashore, or in the mountains, or sometimes in a quiet forest, I think this is why the environment has to be preserved.
Kevin Lima|I've never been in any country for more than four years, and I'm learning different languages all the time. It gives you a different attitude.
Blaise Pascal, The Thoughts of Blaise Pascal|Monsieur Beulier never engaged in thought except to speak the truth, and never spoke except to express his thought.
James Joyce|Secrets, silent, stony sit in the dark palaces of both our hearts: secrets weary of their tyranny: tyrants willing to be dethroned.
David Lagercrantz, Fall of Man in Wilmslow|What had he said about machines?”Block was not entirely sure about that. Something about their eventually being able to think, something which the woman said was at odds with the Christian view of things, just like his sexual inclinations.
Joan Aiken, Eliza's Daughter|My hunch is that as the importance of a decision grows, the tendency to rely on quantitative analyses done by others tends to shrink. When the championship or the future of the company is on the line, managers tend to rely on their gut instincts.
Joyce Rachelle|If we didn't have nightmares, we wouldn't wake up every morning chasing our dreams.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|In moments of peace such as I experienced that day with Edal there exists some unritual reunion with the rest of creation without which the lives of many are trivial. 'Extinct' applies as much to an essential mental attitude as to the vanished creatures of the earth such as the Dodo. We can no longer await some scientific revelation to avoid the destruction of our species in this context; the evidence is all there, the writing on the wall. The way back cannot be the same for all of us, but for those like myself it means a descent of the rungs until we stand again amid the other creatures of the earth and share to some small extent their vision of it, even though this may be labelled Wordsworthian romanticism.
|No matter what you are going through in life at the moment, always remember that your circumstances can never determine your future. You can still turn things around if you keep your eyes fully focused on the big prize that lies ahead.
J.M. Coetzee, Waiting for the Barbarians|It is a world," he said, "filled with the mysterious joinder of accident!""It is a world," replied Abner, "filled with the mysterious justice of God!
James C. Emlund|Compassion is not prevention of all negative certainty, it is a home floating on the sea of fear, that equally brings assistance to those sinking.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|In addition to my new outlook on life, in some absurdly simple way, Anissa gave me several new reasons to live. Above all, I had to see her again and find out what, if anything, would happen between her and me.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Her despair grew so great that it burst her breast open and like a bird of fire shattered the stone and broke out into the light of day--the light of day, faint in her windowless room.
Michael  Moody, Redefine Yourself: The Simple Guide to Happiness|Redefine Yourself will help you overcome the obstacles that have plagued your life. You will incorporate new adaptive strategies that will not only change your life, but also positively impact those people around you. You will truly redefine yourself and achieve the happiness you’ve always wanted. You might just achieve that long list of other wants too.
Patricia J. Williams, The Rooster's Egg: On the Persistence of Prejudice|From time to time I try to imagine this world of which he spoke--a culture in whose mythology words might be that precious, in which words were conceived as vessels for communications from the heart; a society in which words are holy, and the challenge of life is based upon the quest for gentle words, holy words, gentle truths, holy truths. I try to imagine for myself a world in which the words one gives one's children are the shell into which they shall grow, so one chooses one's words carefully, like precious gifts, like magnificent gifts, like magnificent inheritances, for they convey an excess of what we have imagined, they bear gifts beyond imagination, they reveal and revisit the wealth of history. How carefully, how slowly, and how lovingly we might step into our expectations of each other in such a world.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|Even in the act of fleeing modern ideologies, however, literary theory reveals its often unconscious complicity with them, betraying its elitism, sexism or individualism in the very ‘aesthetic’ or ‘unpolitical’ language it finds natural to use of the literary text. It assumes, in the main, that at the centre of the world is the contemplative individual self, bowed over its book, striving to gain touch with experience, truth, reality, history or tradition. Other things matter too, of course — this individual is in personal relationship with others, and we are always much more than readers — but it is notable how often such individual consciousness, set in its small circle of relationships, ends up as the touchstone of all else. The further we move from the rich inwardness of the personal life, of which literature is the supreme exemplar, the more drab, mechanical and impersonal existence becomes. It is a view equivalent in the literary sphere to what has been called possessive individualism in the social realm, much as the former attitude may shudder at the latter: it reflects the values of a political system which subordinates the sociality of human life to solitary individual enterprise.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|After all, people may really have in them some vocation which is not quite plain to themselves, may they not? They may seem idle and weak because they are growing. We should be very patient with each other, I think.
Kirk Cameron|I committed my life to Christ, and that faith has been most important to me ever since.
Stephen Kinzer|I have stepped outside my comfort zone enough to know that, yes, the world does fall apart, but not in the way that you fear.
Margaret Atwood, Stone Mattress: Nine Tales|... which would enable him to prolong for the time being, and to renew for one day more the disappointment, the torturing deception that must always come to him with the vain presence of this woman, whom he might approach, yet never dared embrace.
J.K. Rowling|I know that you are preparing to fight." There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. "Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood."There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls."Give me Harry Potter," said Voldemort's voice, "and they shall not be harmed.Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded."You have until midnight."The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold him forever in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, "But he's there! Potter's there. Someone grab him!"Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves."Thank you, Miss Parkinson." said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice."You will leave the Hall first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could follow.
John Eldredge, Wild At Heart|I wasn't mean; I wasn't evil. I was nice. And let me tell you, a hesitant man is the last thing in the world a woman needs. She needs a lover and a warrior, not a Really Nice Guy.
Kerem Mermutlu, My Last Summer|I knew that she couldn’t hear me if she was there. But the sound was enough to grab me, to hold me to hope, and with desperation that I’d never known before I knew that I must find my way back to her.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) have only one desire, and that too is a discharging desire of doing ‘Jagat kalyan’ (world’s salvation).
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|People use alcohol for just fun. This fun then makes them use gun. Finally, it ends up with sin.
Anand Gopal, No Good Men Among the Living: America, the Taliban, and the War through Afghan Eyes|A believer covers up and give Naseehah, whereas an evil-doer exposes and humiliates.
Hermann Hesse, The Journey to the East|The whole of world history often seems to me nothing more than a picture book which portrays humanity's most powerful and a senseless desire - the desire to forget. Does not each generation, by means of suppression, concealment, and ridicule, efface what the previous generation considered most important?
Michael J. Sullivan, Heir of Novron|Because I'm moved in writing to be irrepressible. Writing to you seems like some holy cause, cause there's not enough female irrepressibility written down. I've fused my silence and repression with the entire female gender's silence and repression. I think the sheer fact of women talking, being, paradoxical, inexplicable, flip, self-destructive but above all else public is the most revolutionary thing in the world.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|I don't see the use of reading the same thing over and over again,' said Phillip. 'That's only a laborious form of idleness.'But are you under the impression that you have so great a mind that you can understand the most profound writer at a first reading?'I don't want to understand him, I'm not a critic. I'm not interested in him for his sake but for mine.'Why do you read then?'Partly for pleasure, because it's a habit and I'm just as uncomfortable if I don't read as if I don't smoke, and partly to know myself. When I read a book I seem to read it with my eyes only, but now and then I come across a passage, perhaps only a phrase, which has a meaning for me, and it becomes part of me; I've got out of the book all that's any use to me and I can't get anythning more if I read it a dozen times. ...
Rowena Cherry, Forced Mate|As a rule of thumb, it was always safer if the Commander-in-Chief formulated a risky plan.
Niecy Nash|For many people, the family is portrayed as the settled place of reasonable safety, but as anyone who has read 'The God of Small Things' would know, for me it was a dangerous place. I felt humiliated in that space. I wanted to get away as soon as I could.
Margatet Alice Murray|At last the magic caught, and she managed to vault clumsily onto it before it trundled into the night sky as gracefully as a duck with one wing missing.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|That in my left pocket I have "heaven"... doesn't mean that in my right pocket I don't have "hell".
Billie Holiday|You can't keep changing men, so you settle for changing your lipstick.
Petra Nemcova|I parody myself every chance I get. I try to make fun of myself and let people know that I'm a human being, and these things that have happened to me are real. I'm not just some cartoon who exists and suddenly doesn't exist.
Daniel Silva, The Kill Artist|Some men and women aren't looking for money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. They simply want to watch the world burn.
Henry A. Giroux, Teachers as Intellectuals: Toward a Critical Pedagogy of Learning|For the ancient Greeks, the ultimate test of the educational system was the moral and political quality of the students that it produced
David Wong, John Dies at the End|John, let me make one thing clear,” Jim said, cutting me off in his most stern, evangelical voice. “Every man is blessed with his gifts from the Lord. One of mine happens to be a penis large enough that, if it had a penis of its own, my penis’ penis would be larger than your penis.”........"Fuck all of you,” John retorted. “You don’t even exist. We’re all just a figment of my cock’s imagination.
Mary Morrell, Things My Father Taught Me About Love|Love by its very nature is extravagant, but we poor human beings, so caught up in fear and worry, limit the very love we were created to bring into the world.
Anne Frank|Each person holds so much power within themselves that needs to be let out. Sometimes they just need a little nudge, a little direction, a little support, a little coaching, and the greatest things can happen.
Victor Hugo|It isn’t hard to find evil in this world. Evil is always more easily imagined than good, somehow.
Lachi|Have you ever had a beautiful melody stuck in your head, but you don't know where it came from? That melody is me.
Kenneth Patchen, Collected Poems|If the truth is inside,And the form is outside,What is the truth of sleep?
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|It’s complicated,” I said in defense, hands going up to show surrender.“Talk slowly,” Jenna retorted derisively.“Okay, I deserved that,” I admitted.
Farshad Asl|If you're going to be working, you might as well work with passion and give it all you've got.
Robert Grudin|We must work for the good and commit ourselves to postures of global selflessness, even if we can't figure out all the details surrounding the foreign dictators, food shortages, and fair trade. We're called to lean in, to work as hard as we can toward the good, and then trust in God who says, 'The way I work surpasses the way you work, and the way I think is beyond the way you think.' We're called to be witnesses of how God is at play in the world.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Letters of Dorothy L. Sayers. Vol. 1, 1899-1936: The Making of a Detective Novelist|[T]he more clamour we make about 'the women's point of view', the more we rub it into people that the women's point of view is different, and frankly I do not think it is -- at least in my job. The line I always want to take is, that there is the 'point of view' of the reasonably enlightened human brain, and that this is the aspect of the matter which I am best fitted to uphold.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Darkness is an uncomfortable place, but that is where stars are made.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think of a Blue Ball|What emerges from these separate strands of (modern) history is an image of man himself that bears a new, stark, more nearly naked, and more questionable aspect. The contraction of man's horizons amounts to a denudation, a stripping down, of this being who has now to confront himself at the center of all his horizons. The labor of modern culture, whenever it has been authentic, has been a labor of denudation. A return to the sources; "to the things themselves," as Husserl puts it; toward a new truthfulness, the casting away of ready-made presuppositions and empty forms - these are some of the slogans under which this phase in history has presented itself. Naturally enough, much of this stripping down must appear as the work of destruction, as revolutionary or even "negative": a being who has become thoroughly questionable to himself must also find questionable his relation to the total past which in a sense he represents.
John Shelby Spong|Whatever it was that people experience in Jesus has today come to be identified with medieval doctrines based on premodern assumptions that are no longer believable. That identification means that serious theological discussion seems to accomplish little more than to erect a division between the shouters and the disinterested. Jesus becomes the captive of the hysterically religious, the chronically fearful, the insecure and even the neurotic among us, or he becomes little more than a fading memory, the symbol of an age that is no more and a nostalgic reminder of our believing past. To me neither option is worth pursuing. Yet even understanding these things, I am still attracted to this Jesus and I will pursue him both relentlessly and passionately. I will not surrender the truth I believe I find in him either to those who seek to defend the indefensible or to those who want to be freed finally from premodern ideas that no longer make any sense.
Teresa L. DeCicco, PhD|The moment you, as a spiritual person, stop growing, you simply die. Your ministry will grow as a consequence of your dedication, faithfulness and persistent desire to move on
Alyse M. Gardner, Slayers|Why should repeat 2-3 for the same question. Let tongue and brain connect before talking.I'm not sarcastic, I'm just brutally honest !
Katherine Dunn|Language comes first. It's not that language grows out of consciousness, if you haven't got language, you can't be conscious.
Jonas Eriksson, Everyday Psychopaths|Now Vegas, while you were asleep your classmates and I were discussing time manipulation. What are your thoughts on the subject?”“Well,” Vegas turned to the class, his captive audience and smiled, “if you can manipulate time so this bell would hurry up and ring, I'd think it’s fabuloso.” The class snickered again, but not everyone since someone else had made a similar joke just several minutes prior. Naturally, Vegas hadn't been able to hear it over the sound of his own snoring.
Richard Paul Evans|Jung Yong-hwa and I know so much about each other, I think it would be difficult for us to start a romantic relationship.
Anton Myrer|The basic teachings of the Protestants were all surrounding values, ethics and morals
Latika Teotia|None of us is perfect, yet some of us seek perfection in others and that is the root cause of broken relationships as well as misery. We should rather focus on making relationship perfect by filling it with love, understanding and mutual respect. Like it is said that soul mates are not met they are made.
Émile Zola, L'Argent|Old Rekohu’s claim to singularity, however, lay in its unique pacific creed. Since time immemorial, the Moriori’s priestly caste dictated that whosoever spilt a man’s blood killed his own mana - his honor, his worth, his standing & his soul. No Moriori would shelter, feed, converse with, or even see the persona non grata. If the ostracized murderer survived his first winter, the desperation of solitude usually drove him to a blowhole on Cape Young, where he took his life.Consider this, Mr. D’Arnoq urged us. Two thousand savages (Mr. Evans’s best guess) enshrine “Thou Shalt Not Kill” in word & in deed & frame an oral “Magna Carta” to create a harmony unknown elsewhere for the sixty centuries since Adam first tasted the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge. War was as alien a concept to the Moriori as the telescope is to the Pygmy. Peace, not a hiatus betwixt wars but millennia of imperishable peace, rules these far-flung islands. Who can deny Old Rekohu lay closer to More’s Utopia than our States of Progress governed by war-hungry princelings in Versailles & Vienna, Washington & Westminster? “Here,” declaimed Mr. D’Arnoq, “and where only, were those elusive phantasms, those noble savages, framed in flesh & blood!” (Henry, as we later made our back to the Musket confessed, “I could never describe a race of savages too backwards to throw a spear as ‘noble.
Fakeer Ishavardas|A high EQ mind maintains its composure whatever the situation, whether it is being glorified or vilified.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|I conclude therefore that, fortune being changeful and mankind steadfast in their ways, so long as the two are in agreement men are successful, but unsuccessful when they fall out. For my part I consider that it is better to be adventurous than cautious, because fortune is a woman, and if you wish to keep her under it is necessary to beat and ill-use her; and it is seen that she allows herself to be mastered by the adventurous rather than by those who go to work more coldly. She is, therefore, always, woman-like, a lover of young men, because they are less cautious, more violent, and with more audacity command her.
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|There's nothing wrong with George. It is not possible to find fault with George. He's a perfect Scottish angel. He always shares the snacks that his mother sends him and he's better- looking than Jace. There, I said it. I'm not taking it back.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I brought the birdcages to the windows.I opened the windows, and opened the birdcages.I poured the fish down the drain.I took the dogs and cats downstairs and removed their collars.I released the insects onto the street.And the reptiles.And the mice.I told them, Go.All of you.Go.And they went.And they didn’t come back
Gene Robinson|Particularly black Americans, many of them, from quotes that I have seen and conversations I've had, are sort of insulted that the civil rights movement is being hijacked - the rhetoric of the civil rights movement is being hijacked for something like same sex marriage. Black Americans tend to have a higher degree of religiosity.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|For too long now divinity and destiny have legitimized what reason and compassion would not. An individual for a family, a family for the kingdom, a kingdom for an empire... And now – an empire for humanity.– Govinda Shauri
Herbie Hancock|My grandmother is this amazingly theatrical woman. She acted like a movie star, as far as looks and attitude, kind of like Susan Hayward.
RaeAnne Thayne, Dancing in the Moonlight|Jake, anyway, and somehow that seemed far, far worse. The couldn’t
Douglas MacArthur|Even today we raise our hand against our brother... We have perfected our weapons, our conscience has fallen asleep, and we have sharpened our ideas to justify ourselves as if it were normal we continue to sow destruction, pain, death. Violence and war lead only to death.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Whenever the cloud of ego threatens to engulf me, I remind myself of my roots. It helps keeping my feet on the ground.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Leadership is inherent in our nature and is fundamental to our origins, our human makeup –and our destiny.
Geraldine Brooks, People of the Book|When she thought of the letter beit, it was not of the thickness of lines or the exactitude of spaces. It was of mysteries: the number two, the dual; the house, the house of God on earth. 'They will build me a temple and I will dwell in them.' In them, not in it. He would dwell within her. She would be the house of God. The house of transcendence. Just a single, tiny letter, and in it, such a path to joy.
Mansur al-Hallaj, Ana Al-Haqq Reconsidered|A wise teacher is a keen and true student of absolute beauty and truth, and he searches everywhere for them in nature with all his heart
Marie Brennan, In the Labyrinth of Drakes|Jake accompanied us as well, having arrived in Akhia shortly before the excavation team departed. I did not tell him our destination until we were safely away from civilization, and found my caution abundantly justified: he whooped and danced about so much, he fell off his camel and broke his left arm.
Madeleine L'Engle|This man was once my salvation. Now, he will be my ruin.
Robert  Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy|That which others hear or read of, I felt and practised myself; they get their knowledge by books, I mine by melancholizing.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There is no such thing as fear until you allow it to enter your heart. If I told you what really happens to your soul when it is put to eternal sleep, you would not fear death; hence, you would never have fear — or fear Fear. But this is something I will share with you another day and time, in another story. We are taught to fear anything that can bring us closer to death — to keep us from taking huge leaps that involve risk. The only thing you should fear in this lifetime is not taking risks while you are living. I do not mean to go jump off a bridge. I mean, to go all out to reach your dreams, to dare to do things you typically would not do out of fear. Pain has a threshold and so does death. Fear neither, and never fear what has no right to be feared. Fear only the Almighty, for he is the only one who can terminate a soul forever. No man can do that. No leader can do that. Only the Creator can do that. As long as the heart is good, a soul can live forever. The body is simply a coating for the soul, and when you die, your soul takes the soul of your heart along with it. Love strengthens both, while fear cripples both. Starting today, train your mind and heart to reject fear. Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.
Dave Harvey, When Sinners Say "I Do": Discovering the Power of the Gospel for Marriage|Almost every sin is committed for the sake of sensual pleasure; and sensual pleasure is overcome by hardship and distress arising either voluntarily from repentance, or else involuntarily as a result of some salutary and providential reversal. ‘For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged; but when we are judged, we are chastened by the Lord, so that we should not be condemned with the world.’ (1 Cor. 11:31-32).
Margarita Engle, The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom|The child tells me her grandmothershowed her how to cure sadness by sucking the juice of an orange, while standing on a beach.Toss the peels onto a wave.Watch the sadness float away.
Rosa Parks|Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.
Ken Ham, The Lie: Evolution|Bible is a window into the life and practices of the people who lived in Israel and bordering nations of Egypt, Mesopotamia, Greece, Rome, and Judea.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|This will be the night I escape. The thought repeated in my mind like a refrain, over and over, and I believed it so hard that I whispered it aloud: ‘This will be the night I escape!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The phrase ‘Boys will be boys,’ reflects that a male child is expected to be unpredictable and occasionally troublesome.
Ace Antonio Hall|Premeditated anger is a bitch. Instead of saying, "Next time he does this, I will ... ", say, "Next time he does that, I will show him more patience and more love. That's premeditative love. She's much sexier!
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|We may have a perfectly adequate way of doing something, but that does not mean there cannot be a better way. So we set out to find an alternative way. This is the basis of any improvement that is not fault correction or problem solving.
DMX|Scarce any problem will appear more hard and difficult, than that of determining the distance of the Sun from the Earth very near the truth: but even this... will without much labour be effected.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Our listeners asked us:"What is chaos?"We're answering:"We do not comment on economic policy.
Gustav Hasford|How do you quantify love? Can you weigh it, measure it, pin it down with equations? If the sum of all experiences is really just the interaction of a finite soup of chemicals copulating in nerve endings, how did this even dare articulate the infinite?Mathematicians will tell you there are different types of infinities. Some are countable, some are not. We can love someone more and more; we can stop loving. But we can never guess how much all this is. Love has no units.
Mehdi Ghafourifar, Univetica: Compelling Change|...when we cease asking questions, when we stop being self-critical, and when we no longer engage with others, then we surrender our ability to grow--to progress. Let's begin the conversation.
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|The fact that has got to be faced is that to abolish class-distinctions means abolishing a part of yourself. Here am I, a typical member of the middle class. It is easy for me to say that I want to get rid of class-distinctions, but nearly everything I think and do is a result of class-distinctions. All my notions — notions of good and evil, of pleasant and unpleasant, of funny and serious, of ugly and beautiful — are essentially middle-class notions; my taste in books and food and clothes, my sense of honour, my table manners, my turns of speech, my accent, even the characteristic movements of my body, are the products of a special kind of upbringing and a special niche about half-way up the social hierarchy.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|I am a child of the Milky Way. The night is my mother. I am made of the dust of stars. Every atom in my body was forged in a star. When the universe exploded into being, already the bird longed for the wood and the fish for the pool. When the first galaxies fell into luminous clumps, already matter was struggling toward consciousness. The star clouds of Sagittarius are a burning bush. If there is a voice in Sagittarius, I’d be a fool not to listen. If God’s voice in the night is a scrawny cry, then I’ll prick up my ears. If night’s faint lights fail to knock me off my feet, then I’ll sit back on a dark hillside and wait and watch. A hint here and a trait there. Listening and watching. Waiting, always waiting, for the tingle in the spine.
Michael Crichton|You know, it really doesn`t matter what (the media) write as long as you`ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.
Nenia Campbell, Locked and Loaded|Mámá was fond of saying that nothing tastes as good as skinny feels—an aphorism I was pretty sure she'd cribbed from the thinspiration sites she subscribed to online—but I believed that anyone who said such things had never tasted chili-cheese fries with melted cheddar, fresh ground beef, and Tapatio sauce.
Catherynne M. Valente, Silently and Very Fast|Without debate, without criticism no administration and no country can succeed and no republic can survive.
Brennan Manning, The Wisdom of Tenderness: What Happens When God's Fierce Mercy Transforms Our Lives|Everybody has a vocation to some form of life-work. However, behind that call (and deeper than any call), everybody has a vocation to be a person to be fully and deeply human in Christ Jesus.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|There are three stages in scientific discovery. First, people deny that it is true, then they deny that it is important; finally they credit the wrong person.
Albert Schweitzer|Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|We may not be able to stop satan from doing his business, but we can scheme to make his business to yield a loss! All things... I mean "all", "all things", "everything" is working for our good!
Debasish Mridha|I know you lost your way, but remember love is the only freeway of life.
Ronnie Hawkins|Women are the victims of this patriarchal culture, but they are also its carriers. Let us keep in mind that every oppressive man was raised in the confines of his mother's home.
Richard Hell|When a parent shows up with an attitude of entitlement, understand that under it is a boatload of anxiety.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|Here is a lesson in creative writing.First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. All they do is show you've been to college.And I realize some of you may be having trouble deciding whether I am kidding or not. So from now on I will tell you when I'm kidding.For instance, join the National Guard or the Marines and teach democracy. I'm kidding.We are about to be attacked by Al Qaeda. Wave flags if you have them. That always seems to scare them away. I'm kidding.If you want to really hurt your parents, and you don't have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I'm not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.
Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, Indian Philosophy, Volume 1|I am a Dalit in Khairlanji. A Pandit in the Kashmir valley. A Sikh in 1984. I am from the North East of India when I am in Munirka. I am a Muslim in Gujarat; a Christian in Kandhamal. A Bihari in Maharashtra. A Delhi-wallah in Chennai. A woman in North India. A Hindi-speaker in Assam. A Tamilian in MP. A villager in a big city. A confused man in an indifferent world. We're all minorities.We all suffer; we all face discrimination. It is only us resisting this parochialism when in the position of majoritarian power that makes us human. I hope that one day, I can just be an Indian in India - only then can I be me.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|Well," he said. "I hope to God I never make forty -- I wouldn't know what to do with myself.
P. J. O'Rourke|I had a very normal, very typical American childhood. My father worked for the government at the Pentagon and my mother was an educator, so we had a very average upbringing, but that's helped me in my writing because I'm writing about ordinary things.
Jim DeMint|My friends, history, history calls us to this time and to this place. A solemn choice rests with us - where do we go from here? Do we move slowly and incrementally? Or do we seize the challenge of our time and tackle the great issues of our day.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Deadmen Walking: A Deadman's Cross Novel|For those who want to believe, no proof is ever required. For those who refuse to believe, no proof is ever enough.
George Pataki|It is not the simple statement of facts that ushers in freedom; it is the constant repetition of them that has this liberating effect. Tolerance is the result not of enlightenment, but of boredom.
|If your environment isn't bringing out the best in you, then it's time to reposition yourself in a circle of ambitious enlightening minds.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|My message to you is this: pretend that you have free will. It's essential that you behave as if your decisions matter, even though you know they don't. The reality isn't important: what's important is your belief, and believing the lie is the only way to avoid a waking coma. Civilization now depends on self-deception. Perhaps it always has.
Vicki Myron, Dewey the Library Cat: A True Story|‎"Since I could only take six books per visit from the library, I had to time it right, or I'd be stuck on Sundays rereading the five Reader's Digest Condensed Books sitting on our red laquered living room shelf.
Kendall Jenner|I remember when I grew up and Dad would take me to kindergarten in the morning, and you could smell the chips in the air from the factory nearby.
Gilles Duceppe|When I ran the stock exchange, it was the most successful it's been in its 200-plus-year history. And I was rewarded for success; I would not have been rewarded if we failed.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|They appear somewhat unreliable," he murmured."Unreliable? Nonsense, Superior! Out of luck is all, and we both know how that goes, no? Why, there's not a man of them I wouldn't trust my mother to.""Are you sure?""She's been dead these twenty years. What harm could they do her now?
Jill Madenberg, Love the Journey to College: Guidance from an Admissions Consultant and Her Daughter|I was brand-new in San Francisco, right out of college, and I thought it was thrilling, a guy buying me a drink. I didn’t think, how tacky, this creep is buying me a drink. I thought, how amazing, I put on lipstick and a short skirt and look what can happen.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons From Solo Moments in New York|If it’s true we only live once, then raise your red velvet curtain every chance you get.
Walter Isaacson|Yuvraj Singh is one of the best batsmen to watch in world cricket when he's in form. He is ego personified. Yuvraj doesn’t just hit the ball, he lets it rebound off his aura.
Arthur R. Jensen, Straight Talk About Mental Tests|There’s a fascinating frailty of the human mind that psychologists know all about, called “argument from ignorance.” This is how it goes. Remember what the “U” stands for in “UFO”? You see lights flashing in the sky. You’ve never seen anything like this before and don’t understand what it is. You say, “It’s a UFO!” The “U” stands for “unidentified.”But then you say, “I don’t know what it is; it must be aliens from outer space, visiting from another planet.” The issue here is that if you don’t know what something is, your interpretation of it should stop immediately. You don’t then say it must be X or Y or Z. That’s argument from ignorance. It’s common. I’m not blaming anybody; it may relate to our burning need to manufacture answers because we feel uncomfortable about being steeped in ignorance.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|The sea, he thought, had treasured it's memories deeper than the faithless land.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|Adding to my emotional dizziness on Sunday, I spoke with my sister, who kept noting how amazing Michael is, and what a brave and selfless man he is for having helped as he did.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|As humans, we are all insecure to a certain degree, and we don't want to risk looking stupid, being rejected, or feeling awkward.
Andy Kerckhoff, Critical Connection: A Practical Guide to Parenting Young Teens|The single greatest reason why we are losing a generation is because the home is no longer the place of the transference of the faith. We live in a day of ‘outsourcing’…Today, we have a generation of people that outsource their kids.
Dalai Lama|I've had tons of bullies who would call me retarded, even on my Facebook page. It's sad and it really hurts. I want to tell people not to use the word. Don't say your friend's retarded when they do something foolish. If you have a disability, keep working hard. Whatever it takes, do it, and don't be mean to people.
Jesus Christ|The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go.
Paige Dearth, One Among Us|Sometimes you can lock the doors and close the blinds, but the monsters are still there inside your house, sleeping and breathing and just waiting to wake up and terrorize you all over again.
Terry a O'Neal|From centuries ago before the dawn of civilization, I have been wandering. I am the wanderer. I can't stay at one place. I am destined to wander from place to place!And I keep wandering in search of a nothingness. The river embraces me and guides me to swim inside her and to drink the nectar of love from her bosom. She tells me her secrets and I tell her mine. She makes me sensitive and soft.The mountain greets me with respect and guides me to traverse the rocks and crevices of its body! He is strong and vigorous and he appreciates my stamina and toughness.After dusk in the night, the stars smile at me and they show me light to travel in the darkness. They tell me their stories and I tell them mine.The moon embalms me with her love and she kisses me good night. The nightingale sings her song of love when I take rest in the arms of darkness in the night!And after the dawn of the morning, the sun greets me and acknowledges my spirit and strength!I am the wanderer and I keep wandering in search of a nothingness.I am the wanderer and wandering is my destiny!
Alexandra Ivy, Beyond the Darkness|A near half hour passed as Salvatore weaved his way through the winding tunnel, his steps slowing as he tilted back his head to sniff the air.The scent of cur was still strong, but he was beginning to pick up the distant scent of other curs, and…pure-blood.Female pureblood.Coming to a sharp halt, Salvatore savored the rich vanilla aroma that filled his senses.He loved the smell of women. Hell, he loved women.But this was different.It was intoxicating.“Cristo,” he breathed, his blood racing, an odd tightness coiling through his body, slowly draining his strength. Almost as if…No. It wasn’t possible.There hadn’t been a true Were mating for centuries.“Curs,” Levet said, moving to his side. “And a female pureblood.”“Si,” Salvatore muttered, distracted. “You think it’s a trap?”Salvatore swallowed a grim laugh. Hell, he hoped it was a trap. The alternative was enough to send any intelligent Were howling into the night.“There’s only one way to find out.”He moved forward, sensing the end of the tunnel just yards in front of him.“Salvatore?” Levet tugged on his pants.Salvatore shook him off. “What?”“You smell funny. Mon Dieu, are you…” With blinding speed, Salvatore grasped the gargoyle by one stunted horn and yanked him off his feet to glare into his ugly face. Until that moment, he hadn’t noticed the musky scent that clung to his skin.Merda.“One more word and you lose that tongue,” he snarled.“But…”“Do not screw with me.”“I do not intend to screw with anyone.” The gargoyle curled his lips in a mocking smile. “I am not the one in heat.
Mark Rowlands, The Philosopher at the End of the Universe: Philosophy Explained Through Science Fiction Films|Essas duas histórias - a do lado de dentro e a do lado de fora - podem ser contadas sobre cada um de nós. Ao chamá-las de 'histórias' não pretendo diminuí-las. Algumas são, apesar de tudo, verdadeiras. O problema é que temos muita dificuldade em ver como ambas as histórias que contamos sobre nós podem ser verdadeiras. O efeito da segunda história, aquela contada do lado de fora, parece uma drástica realocação do nosso papel na trama. Longe de sermos o personagem principal da história, estamos reduzidos a um figuração. A história do lado de dentro gira ao nosso redor, mas na outra história cada um de nós é apenas um simples personagem em meio a muitos outros, um personagem cuja entrada em cena é determinada por outras pessoas e que não tem nenhum controle real sobre a hora da sua saída do palco. As coisas que impulsinam nossas vidas, as coisas que queremos, nossos planos, projetos e metas - aquilo que podemos chamar de nossa motivação - são o resultado de forças que não controlamos. Aparentemente, nosso papel foi escrito por outra pessoa. Temos pouco controle sobre o seu conteúdo e não temos a menos ideia de qual é o seu sentido.O choque das duas histórias é às vezes chamado de condição humana.
Matthew Donnelly|Criticism of others. Criticism of 'self'.Criticism is the lack of compassion, insecurity of 'self' there a self defense mechanism is to put others down to feel superior EVEN IF you disagree with their lifestyle. Let go of your 'Self'.And if you have acted wrongly according to your own self-standard. Let go of your 'self'.Recognize when others are criticizing and 'choose' not to conform to the unconscious acts of others. Be aware, let go.
Isabel Anders|The most important and most significant good quality in our human life is gratitude. Unfortunately, that good quality we somehow manage not to express either in our thoughts or in our actions. Right from the beginning of our life, we have somehow learned not to express it. So we have the least amount of the very thing that we need most in order to become a better person.
Amit Kalantri|In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.
Jonathan Sacks|I grew up the son of an acting teacher, so I was kind of introduced to all of these various methods early... I've never been really good at articulating how, what that process is in the way that Stanislavsky could.
Arthur Miller|As often happens between people who have chosen different ways, each of them, while rationally justifying the other's activity, despised it in his heart. To each of them it seemed that the life he led was the only real life, and the one his friend led was a mere illusion.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|There are rules and laws to help ensure our physical safety. Likewise, the Lord has provided guidelines and commandments to help ensure our spiritual safety so that we might successfully navigate this often-treacherous mortal existence and return eventually to our Heavenly Father" ("Obedience Brings Blessings," April 2013 General Conference).
|When an impressive level skill is accompanied with consistent action on the right plan, success becomes the only possible destination.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Magnus had animated one of his magnificent Chinese fans, and it flapped ineffectively at him, barely stirring the breeze. It was, if he was completely honest with himself (and he did not want to be), a bit too hot for this new striped blue-and-rose-colored coat, made of taffeta and satin, and the silk faille waistcoat embroidered with a scene of birds and cherubs. The wing collar, and the wig, and the silk breeches, the wonderful new gloves in the most delicate lemon yellow . . . it was all a bit warm.Still. If one could look this fabulous, one had an obligation to. One should wear everything, or one should wear nothing at all.
Alex Haditaghi|some people are worst than this Quote...and that's the reason you're not "liking" it
Farshad Asl|You only can get out of our challenges by changing yourself. Change comes from within... a greater passion, a greater commitment, and a greater life. you can begin today.
M.L. Rio, If We Were Villains|One thing I'm sure Colborne will never understand is that I need language to live, like food—lexemes and morphemes and morsels of meaning nourish me with the knowledge that, yes, there is a word for this. Someone else has felt this before.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|Web analytics is like teenage sex:- Everyone talks about it.- Nobody really knows how to do it.- Everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Don't analyse your muse too closely, if at all – she'll turn away.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Fortune favours the brave, sir," said Carrot cheerfully."Good. Good. Pleased to hear it, captain. What is her position vis a vis heavily armed, well prepared and excessively manned armies?""Oh, no–one's ever heard of Fortune favouring them, sir.""According to General Tacticus, it's because they favour themselves," said Vimes. He opened the battered book. Bits of paper and string indicated his many bookmarks. "In fact, men, the general has this to say about ensuring against defeat when outnumbered, out–weaponed and outpositioned. It is..." he turned the page, "'Don't Have a Battle.'""Sounds like a clever man," said Jenkins. He pointed to the yellow horizon."See all that stuff in the air?" he said. "What do you think that is?""Mist?" said Vimes."Hah, yes. Klatchian mist! It's a sandstorm! The sand blows about all the time. Vicious stuff. If you want to sharpen your sword, just hold it up in the air.""Oh.""And it's just as well because otherwise you'd see Mount Gebra. And below it is what they call the Fist of Gebra. It's a town but there's a bloody great fort, walls thirty feet thick. 's like a big city all by itself. 's got room inside for thousands of armed men, war elephants, battle camels, everything. And if you saw that, you'd want me to turn round right now. Whats your famous general got to say about it, eh?""I think I saw something..." said Vimes. He flicked to another page. "Ah, yes, he says, 'After the first battle of Sto Lat, I formulated a policy which has stood me in good stead in other battles. It is this: if the enemy has an impregnable stronghold, see he stays there.'""That's a lot of help," said Jenkins.Vimes slipped the book into a pocket."So, Constable Visit, there's a god on our side, is there?""Certainly, sir.""But probably also a god on their side as well?""Very likely, sir. There's a god on every side.""Let's hope they balance out, then.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|Despite his attempts to maintain a vigorous structure of errands, golf games, visits, and meetings, there were sometimes days like this one, filled with rain and touched with a gnawing sense of parts missing from life. When the slick mud ran in the flower beds and the clouds smothered the light, he missed his wife.
A.D. Posey|Whatever you do, let it be lovely.
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|Some people think they can just decree that everything will be fine. The world doesn’t work like that. I’m not sure the world gives a crap about anyone’s promises, well-meaning or otherwise. Sometimes the Universe just takes what it wants.
Pieter BF Swart|It has taken my whole life thus far to see how being brave enough to hold on to a question, brave enough to never stop looking for answers, and brave enough to take action even when I didn’t know the right answer, was as brave as I needed to be to succeed and to succeed with love.
Sunday Adelaja|In order not to be captured in a trap of depression at the latter end of your life, you should properly assess yourself, rightly understand your identity and realize that you are not the same as your appearance
Norman Vincent Peale|Christmas can be celebrated in the school room with pine trees, tinsel and reindeers, but there must be no mention of the man whose birthday is being celebrated. One wonders how a teacher would answer if a student asked why it was called Christmas.
E.M. Denning, Measure For Measure|Stick with me, kid. I’ve got this.” His words were an echo of a promise he made long ago, not long after we first met. He always knew exactly what to say, to do, and that’s the reason I didn’t move away when he brought his lips down to mine. It’s the reason I let my hands slide over his bare chest. They mimicked the way his tongue slid along my lower lip when I sighed and melted into him.
Giuliana Rancic|You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot.
Mariah Carey|On behalf of NARAL Pro-Choice America - and our one million member activists - I am honored to be here to talk to you about what's at stake for women in 2012. I am proud to say that the Democratic Party believes that women have the right to choose a safe, legal abortion with dignity and privacy.
Charlotte M. Liebel|OvermodulationBy Charlotte M Liebel-FawlsYou're a cavity in my oasis,You're a porthole in my sea,You're a stretch of the imagination every time you look at me.You're an ocean in my wineglass,You're a Steinway on the beach,You're a captivating audience, an exciting Rembrandt,A Masterpiece.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Are we turning back? Because if you’re just trying to solve my post-traumatic stress problem by exposing me to rock sharks until I’m desensitized, trust me—that ship has sailed.
Jill Scott|The data says that with the poor, a little money can buy a lot of happiness. If you're rich, a lot of money can buy you a little more happiness. But in both cases, money does it.
Yancy Lael, Soulful Skincare: The ultimate guide to radically transforming your complexion|In this culture, cultivating unconditional self-acceptance truly is radical.
Henry B. Eyring|With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.
Townsend Harris|I think what I would say to my younger self, and probably to younger, just starting-out writers is that a lot of times you're just afraid to put yourself out there, and it's uncomfortable because it's working up the courage to do something, to push yourself to do those things.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Course Dumbledore trusts you,” growled Moody. “He’s a trusting man, isn’t he? Believes in second chances. But me — I say there are spots that don’t come off, Snape. Spots that never come off, d’you know what I mean?
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|He saw in happiness the seeds of independence, and in independence the seeds of revolt.
Shannon L. Alder|A deceitful man will go as far as to trample all over a woman’s reputation and spirit, in order to prove to his ex-love that he was faithful. The irony, is he is still in love with his ex and the new woman in his life doesn’t even realize it.
Sandra Neil Wallace|Pa never told stories like Grandpa. Or treated the barn like family. Eli knew how Grandpa’s own pa had built the barn by hand, hauling bluestone for the foundation behind a stubborn ox with horns as wide as a tractor. How the smell of the plank walls was like family and how you never washed your chore coat so the animals would smell that you were family, too.
Anne Fadiman, At Large and at Small: Familiar Essays|Moonlight knew no colors and traced the contours of the terrain only very softly. It covered the land a dirty gray, strangling life all night long. This world molded in lead, where nothing moved but the wind that fell sometimes like a shadow over the gray forests, and where nothing lived but the scent of the naked earth, was the only world he accepted, for it was much like the world of his soul.
Holly Elissa Bruno, The Comfort of Little Things: An Educator's Guide to Second Chances|I am superior to you only in one point: I'm awake, whereas you are only half awake, or completely asleep sometimes. I call a man awake who knows in his conscious reason his innermost unreasonable force, drives, and weaknesses and knows how to deal with them.
Rick Dunlap|Son, Some day when I die, don't look back and regret not spending more time with me. Life is one day at a time and that's how we lived it. There are mountains and oceans I dreamed of conquering with you by my side and in my dreams we did them all. Love Dad
Donna J. Haraway, Simians, Cyborgs, and Women: The Reinvention of Nature|My momma always said, 'You and Elvis are pretty good, but y'all ain't no Chuck Berry.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|How would you like to star in your very own commercial?""I'd rather swim in battery acid.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|What sort of adventures?' I asked him, astonished. ‘All sorts, Monsieur. Getting on the wrong train. Stopping in an unknown city. Losing your briefcase, being arrested by mistake, spending the night in prison. Monsieur, I believe the word adventure could be defined: an event out of the ordinary without being necessarily extraordinary.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|Her time has come," answered Miss Lizzie. "That's why I didn't marry Harvey - long ago when he asked me. I was afraid of 'that'. So afraid." "I don't know," Miss Lizzie said. "Sometimes I think it's better to suffer bitter unhappiness and to fight and to scream out, and even to suffer that terrible pain, than just to be safe." She waited until the next scream died away. "At least she knows she's living.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Many things can prolong your life, but only wisdom can save it.
Ann Tatlock, Things We Once Held Dear|I think, if there's a God out there, He could at least put in an appearance and tell us what the truth is.''But, Neil, don’t you know? That’s what God did. That’s exactly what he did. He wrapped himself in skin…to tell us what the truth is…His first coming was only the opening act. He’s been relentless in His pursuit of us ever since. He’s on your heels right now.
Debasish Mridha|In the darkest sky, stars hang on high; showing us the light of hope and telling us that dreams never die.
Clayton M. Christensen, How Will You Measure Your Life?|Do not let your assumptions about a culture block your ability to perceive the individual, or you will fail.
Gail Collins|Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn't happen.
Sunday Adelaja|Only with a relationship with God, can you become light and hope for your country and the whole world
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Powerful|Son, if you were any farther from fine you'd be in Nebraska.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you change the world, the world will change.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we go for the battle, the burning flames of fire, light will consume the darkness.
Phil Ochs|At the present time there still exist many doctrines which choose to leave in the shadow certain troubling aspects of a too complex situation. But their attempt to lie to us is in vain. Cowardice does not pay. Those reasonable metaphysics, those consoling ethics with which they would like to entice us only accentuate the disorder from which we suffer.
Alan Dean Foster|In this possibly terminal phase of human existence, democracy and freedom are more than just ideals to be valued - they may be essential to survival.
Helen Rowland|a wise woman puts a grain of sugar in everything she says to a man, and takes a grain of salt with everything he says to her.
Anna Swir|We are all very much alike in France in this respect; we still remain knights, knights of love and fortune, since God has been abolished whose bodyguard we really were. But nobody can ever get woman out of our hearts; there she is, and there she will remain, and we love her, and shall continue to love her, and go on committing all kinds of follies on her account as long as there is a France on the map of Europe; and even if France were to be wiped off the map, there would always be Frenchmen left.
Carolyn Gibbs, Murder in Paradise|Faint black stubble shadowed his jaw, indicating he was a bedtime shaver, not a morning man. She remembered the feel of that stubble.Against her throat. Her breasts, The inside of her thighs.---He followed her back into the hall and then into her bedroom, where she shut the door with a firm click of the latch. ..."Did you bring me in here to watch television?" he asked. "Or for some other reason?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Any technological advance can be dangerous. Fire was dangerous from the start, and so (even more so) was speech - and both are still dangerous to this day - but human beings would not be human without them.
Edgar Allan Poe|That single thought is enough. The impulse increases to a wish, the wish to a desire, the desire to an uncontrollable longing, and the longing (to the deep regret and mortification of the speaker, and in defiance of all consequences,) is indulged.
Gordon H. Clark, A Christian Philosophy of Education|Since God is truth, a contempt for truth is equally a contempt for God.
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|If you are paralyzed by your past, if Satan is destroying your gifts and your calling by his incessant replaying of old tapes, you're actually being hit by a double whammy. The original damage in the past is one thing - but now you're letting yourself be hurt and sidetracked again by the memory of what happened... We should not be ignorant of Satan's devices, and these ugly memories are one of the main weapons in his arsenal.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|You haven't finished the key, but not because you are afraid to finish. You're afraid of finding you can't finish. You're afraid to go down to where the stones stand, but not because you're afraid of what may come once you enter the circle. You're afraid of what may not come. You're not afraid of the great world, Eddie, but of the small one inside yourself.
Anthony Liccione|I was the first face you saw when you were born, you were bald as my hair ran black. Now yours the last face I saw before I died, your hair ran black, as I was bald.
Nicholas Sparks|I'm sure you think that I don't understand what you're going through, but I do. It's just that sometimes, our future is dictated by what we are, opposed to what we want.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|well, sometimes to get what you want the most, you have to do what you want the least.
Albert Camus, The Plague|At such moments the collapse of their courage, willpower, and endurance was so abrupt that they felt they could never drag themselves out of the pit of despond into which they had fallen. Therefore they forced themselves never to think about the problematic day of escape, to cease looking to the future, and always to keep, so to speak, their eyes fixed on the ground at their feet. But, naturally enough, this prudence, this habit of feinting with their predicament and refusing to put up a fight, was ill rewarded. For, while averting that revulsion which they found so unbearable, they also deprived themselves of those redeeming moments, frequent enough when all is told, when by conjuring up pictures of a reunion to be, they could forget about the plague. Thus, in a middle course between these heights and depths, they drifted through life rather than lived, the prey of aimless days and sterile memories, like wandering shadows that could have acquired substance only by consenting to root themselves in the solid earth of their distress.
Rob Liano|When people say "If I only knew then what I know now" makes me wonder why they aren't using that wisdom now.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Are you an angel or a devil, sir? I need to know. Are you taking me up or down?
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|When we forgive, we're telling our heart that we are ready to move on.
Kate Capshaw|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|Primum non nocere, 'First, don't make things worse,' was an essential principle of Hippocrates' medicine. Nowadays, unfortunately, it seems to have been forgotten. Conventional modern medicine aims at getting rid of patients' symptoms. Little, if any consideration is given to the fact that some of these symptoms may actually be used by the body in an attempt to correct deeper disorders. When this is the case, suppressing the symptom does not necessarily help the patient.
Marcia Conner, The New Social Learning: A Guide to Transforming Organizations Through Social Media|In a world of rapid change, we each need to garner as much useful information as possible, sort through it in a way that meets our unique circumstances, calibrate it with what we already know, and re-circulate it with others who share our goals.
John Webster, The White Devil|Take it for words. O woman’s poor revenge,Which dwells but in the tongue!
Ashly Lorenzana|It's okay to disagree with the thoughts or opinions expressed by other people. That doesn't give you the right to deny any sense they might make. Nor does it give you a right to accuse someone of poorly expressing their beliefs just because you don't like what they are saying. Learn to recognize good writing when you read it, even if it means overcoming your pride and opening your mind beyond what is comfortable.
Sacramento4Kids|Finding fun things to do in Sacramento is no more a daunting task as we, Sacramato4Kids, list all the exciting, upcoming events along with the details.
Sean Patrick Flanery|People always say that they want to understand so that they can believe. But in MY reality it’s just the opposite. I believe because I DON’T understand. I HAVE to believe, because there’s no other way to explain what I’m seeing, feeling, or experiencing.
Cyrese Covelli, Wolfsmage [Witchlock Book 3]|After a moment, he found my neck, kissing the nape, his teeth grazing my skin and causingme to make a small noise very much like a whimper. Before I could take another breath, hislips met mine and I was lost to his touch.
John Irving, The Hotel New Hampshire|People are like that .... They need to make their own worst experiences universal. It gives them a kind of support.’ And who can blame them? It is just infuriating to argue with someone like that; because of an experience that has denied them their humanity, they go around denying another kind of humanity in others, which is the truth of human variety -- it stands alongside our sameness.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I’m assuming you have a reason behind this irrational need to conform to this institution." (Eric)
Jacqueline Davies, The Lemonade War|Jessie reached for 'Ten Bright Ideas to Light Up Your Sales'. It was on her bedside table, right next to 'Charlotte's Web'. Jessie's hand hovered. She looked longingly at Wilbur and Fern watching Charlotte hanging b a thread.But this was war, and she couldn't stop to read for fun.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Faith is not to understand, but to feel!
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|The wisdom of hindsight would reveal that I had no clue how to find myself, no idea how to love myself, and no ability to be myself. Mix all of those three dilemmas, and you’ve created a cocktail that will knock anyone out. Even though I couldn’t name those specific issues that night, I did own where I was to the best of my ability. That’s often all we can do in a crisis. So that night, I looked myself in the eyes and said, “It isn’t supposed to be this way.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|People forget history nowadays,that is what the ego does, making one the prisoner of one's inflated present, ignoring the humble past one had lived.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Life is short, so live it full! Know that the work that the Lord has begun in you, He will finish it. So, honor Him today with your gift to Him, "steadfastness/endurance to live His work, and not yours. It may get tough along this journey where the enemy speaks "quit", but remember, God is not through with what He began in you. In God, your life shall be made full and complete( whole)!
Eugene B. Sledge, With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa|Your soul may belong to Jesus, but your ass belongs to the marines.
Mischa Temaul|History is made not simply with events, but by remembering those events, a double drumbeat like a heartbeat. History can be written not only with books but with ceremonies. Yet a real event read about in a newspaper is not always more important than a fictional one in a novel or play or poem.
Lynn Austin, Gods and Kings|Hmm. Relationships between fathers and sons can be notoriously difficult, especially for two men who are as different as you and your father are.""Yes, and he's also the king--that makes our relationship impossible.
Brynn Myers, Falling Out of Focus|I’m not broken. Not really,” I sighed. “My name is Novaleigh. Novaleigh Darrow.
Danny King, The Hitman Diaries|Most cats don't like water, and despite her pretensions of tigerhood, Julie was no different. Yes, tigers have stripes; so do tabbies. If you want to know the difference, try tossing one of each into your swimming pool. Then I would recommend running.
Sheila Stubbs|It's the strangest feeling at the end of pregnancy: you look down at this huge belly and try to imagine how some little person, whom you haven't even met, is going to emerge from it any day and completely change your lives. First, you wonder how this pregnancy, to which you've grown so accustomed over much of the last year, can, with barely any notice, come to an abrupt end. Then you try to fathom how this baby is ever going to come out; your bowling ball stomach seems misproportioned for what lies between it and the outside world. And only then do you realize what it all means-that the easy part, pregnancy, is almost over, and it's time to gear up for the tough stuff: childbirth!
Dick Gregory|No kid in the world, no woman in the world should ever raise a hand against a no-good daddy. That's already been taken care of: A Man Who Destroys His Own Home Shall Inherit the Wind.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|At the same time, we may not as a culture be fond of old-fashioned supernaturalism, but we certainly like spirituality in whatever form we can get it. I suspect that if anyone other than Jesus (Krishna, say, or Buddha) were suddenly put forward as being due for a second coming, millions in our postsecular society would embrace such a thing uncritically, leaving Enlightenment rationalism huffing and puffing in the rear. We are a puzzled and confused generation, embracing any and every kind of nonrationalism that may offer us a spiritual shot in the arm while lapsing back into rationalism (in particular, the old modernist critiques) whenever we want to keep traditional or orthodox Christianity at bay.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|I love you," "I was wrong," and "I apologize" are powerful words. They can save marriages, deepen friendships, and change lives. Don't be afraid to use them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without knowing it, he had constructed a gigantic vertical zoo, its hundreds of cages stacked above each other. All the events of the past few months made sense if one realised that these brilliant and exotic creatures had learned to open the doors.
Alberto Moravia, The Time of Indifference|When you aren't sincere you need to pretend, and by pretending you end up believing yourself; that's the basic principle of every faith.
Elias Canetti, Die gerettete Zunge: Geschichte einer Jugend|At home in the nursery, I usually played alone. Actually, I seldom played, I spoke to the wallpaper. The many dark circles in the pattern of the wallpaper seemed like people to me. I made up stories in which they appeared, either I told them the stories or they played with me, I never got tired of the wallpaper people and I could talk to them for hours.
Avina Celeste|Do not change yourself to please others, change yourself to please yourself. You are the person that truly matters in your life. You are the person you wake up to every morning and fall asleep to every night. Your life is for you.
Robbie Robertson|Every Christmas, all I ever wanted was Playskool instruments. It was my entire life. And then by the time I was 6 or 7 years old, it became, 'Now I'm going to force my entire family to watch me perform all these rock songs.'
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Contrariwise,' continued Tweedledee, 'if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic.
Amy Stross, The Suburban Micro-Farm: Modern Solutions for Busy People|You can’t always eat perfectly clean. You can’t always control the quality of your food sources. You can’t always resist temptation—and who'd want to?! And you certainly can’t diet forever—we’ve tried and failed... But YOU CAN control the emotional quality and pleasure content you bring to every meal. You are what and HOW you eat. Change your brain and you will change your diet, body & whole life!
