Holly Black, Red Glove|I sat up and wiped my eyes, cursing the damned faeries and their eternal war. It seemed there was never enough time. Time to dance, or talk, or laugh, or even mourn the passing of a friend. Slipping off my corsage, I laid it on Ironhorse’s cold metal shoulder, wanting him to have something natural and beautiful in this lifeless place.Goodbye, Ironhorse.
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|What you call pride, I call courage.
Lao Tzu|If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Shannon Dermott, Waiting for Mercy|If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you
Bernard Malamud, The Assistant|When I don't feel hurt, I hope they bury me.
Alvin Toffler|It seems to me that any sensible person must see that violence does not change the world and if it does, then only temporarily.
Sun Tzu|I was taught to think outside the box. Before my grandfather was one of the original Mad Men, he and a group of other Air Force Intelligence officers formalized brainstorming as a problem solving technique. He taught the concept that creativity can be taught at Buffalo University. My dad invented toys. My mom was a photographer.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|It wasn't that long, and it certainly wasn't the kind of kiss you see in movies these days, but it was wonderful in its own way, and all I can remember about the moment is that when our lips touched, I knew the memory would last forever.
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|Money is far commoner than time. When one reflects, one perceives that money is just about the commonest thing there is.
Ace Antonio Hall|Life gets so ridiculous, you just have to brush it off like sand and laugh. I think the laughter is good medicine for crap-itis.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|So you've made a few bad decisions. So have I. So has Elias. So has everyone attempting to do something difficult. That doesn't mean that you give up, you fool. Do you understand?
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|See, when we begin to question the very existence of the Creator that means the creation is perfect. If every day it could not function without morning and evening prayers, then this would not be a perfect creation. This creation is so perfect that you can forget the Creator — you can just discard him, dump him — and still it goes on. So a true compliment to the Creator is when you forget about him. That is a real compliment to the wonderful piece of creation he has made; it is so perfect within itself that it does not need to draw from anything outside.
Heather   Hackett, Restless: Memoir of an Incurable Traveller|And it certainly wasn’t a choice without risk. But then very few worthwhile things in life are. The greater the risk, the greater the reward.
Geoff Dyer, Another Great Day at Sea: Life Aboard the USS George H.W. Bush|I always like to be in the presence of people who are good at and love their jobs, Irrespective of their jobs.
Kamand Kojouri|They tell us the greatest love story is how water fell in love with fire. Or how satan fell in love with God. But the greatest love story to me is how I didn’t notice myself falling, when I fell in love with you
Andrew Brown|Our world is built on biology and once we begin to understand it, it then becomes a technology.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|A prize-winning science reporter, Simons had become the number-two editor at the Post a year before. An intent, sensitive man with a large nose, thin face and deep-set eyes, he looks like the kind of Harvard teaching assistant who carries a slide ruler strapped to his belt. But he is skillful with fragile egos, and also the perfect counterpoint to Bradlee. Bradlee is more like Woodward: he wants hard information first and is impatient with theories.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Jon Porter|I thought that if acting didn't work out, I'd have done law school or medical school: probably law to be honest.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Never Give Up, Just Follow Your Dreams....
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|It isn’t what you have in your pocket that makes you thankful, but what you have in your heart. —Unknown
Germany Kent|With God, there’s always an appointed time for things, and when you put Him first, trust in His timing, and keep the faith, miracles happen!
Rachel Gibson, See Jane Score|Do you really think that I don’t have anything better to do than to spend my time thinking about you? Digging up a little of the goods on Luc Martineau?”Fine lines appeared at the corners of his eyes and he laughed. “Sweetheart, there is nothing little about Luc’s goods.
Vijay Kedia|There is large cap, mid cap, small cap. There is also a “BHANGAAR CAP”. More than 4000 out of 6000 companies fit in that category. They show up only in the good times. Be careful
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Users of clichés frequently have more sinister intentions beyond laziness and conventional thinking. Relabelling events often entails subtle changes of meaning. War produces many euphemisms, downplaying or giving verbal respectability to savagery and slaughter.
Robert Jensen|But too often men react to women in positions of power with misogyny, often in sexualized terms. I have heard men in such situations talk about how "I'd like to fuck that bitch and teach her a lesson," for example. That kind of reaction demonstrates that no matter what the class position of a man and woman, men can use the weapon of sexualized violence to attempt to assert their dominance.
Debasish Mridha|If there is no love, how can there be passion or reason?
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|Trying to destroy yourself gives a pretty clear message and it's not one I think you'd like. Sounds a bit like, “I'm too self-centered to be constructive, so I have to open a vein…
Jim McCann, Return of the Dapper Men|So much is yet to come. Soon will be blankets and pillows, and books by the bed to make the stuff of dreams. And then tomorrows.
Carolyn Byers Ruch|A child has a greater chance of being sexually abused than burned in a fire. Along with stop, drop, and roll we must teach them to yell, run, and tell.
Robert Redford|If hope is a feeling that can defeat fear,then at that time I walked uphill through a bed of snow, my tracks were of joyful determination.
Debasish Mridha|When you love more than you receive, you create a positive vibe that enhances the beauty of this earth.
Auliq Ice|To show our commitment to the future means to dedicate our time, efforts, resources, saving nature and to develop nice thoughts for better thinking.
Franz Kafka, The Zürau Aphorisms|I have been wandering to find him and my happiness is so great that it even weakens me like a wound. And this is the marvel of marvels, that he called me Beloved, me who am but as a dog.
Agnes Sligh Turnbull|To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs.
Balroop Singh|A good book is like a stream, with which we can flow slowly, playfully, it lets us savor the joy of weaving the magic of lovely thoughts, revealing the secrets of life with beautiful words.
Harry von Zell|Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architect's task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
Chris F. Westbury, The Bride Stripped Bare By Her Bachelors, Even|Dust off that Bible. It has the answers you are looking for, and its delights await you.
Iman|India was secular even when Muslims hadn't come here and Christians hadn't set foot on this soil. It is not as if India became secular after they came. They came with their own modes of worship, and they, too, were given a place of honor and respect. They had the freedom to worship God as per their wish and inclination.
Aziz Gazipura, The Solution To Social Anxiety: Break Free From The Shyness That Holds You Back|You know what happened to her, right?
R.A. Torrey, The Person and Work of The Holy Spirit|He fell in love with a skinny stray cat that would skulk around the dining hall during meals. Every day, Jake would offer it sausage or egg from breakfast and pepperoni or hamburger from lunch. Every day, it ran away from him. But Jake didn’t give up. Even when he had the stomach flu, he snuck out of the infirmary to try to feed it. He was not going to let it down. He would watch it from classroom windows. He even made up a poem about it that he sent home to his mother in a letter. Three months later, the little cat was finally hungry enough to trust him. It never occurred to Jake that the cat...
Omar N. Bradley|One of the good things about the way the Gulf War ended in 1991 is, you'd see the Vietnam veterans marching with the Gulf War veterans.
Fulton J. Sheen, On Being Human: Reflections on Life and Living|...perhaps great sins start as simple weakness, and the consistent placing of self before others.
Chrissy Teigen|You have to be realistic. I'd love to be more famous, have lots of people supporting me, people knowing my name, but I need a tennis racket or a golf club or to play football. Being a female, I don't stand a chance.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Most people, solidly frozen into long-held, common notions, are unable to grasp clearer views.
Gillian Anderson|Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it.
Tui T. Sutherland, Darkstalker|You're the one taking all the romance out of this," he said. "It's supposed to go, 'that was so brave, how you stood up for your sister like that!' 'Oh, that, what, no, it's what any dragon would do.' 'No, no - you're special. I can tell.' 'Not as special as you. There's a magic about you I've never found in any other dragon!' 'Why - why do I feel as though I've known you forever?' 'Because you have...and you will.' Fireworks! True love and happiness for the rest of our lives!
R. Buckminster Fuller|Men may change their climate, but they cannot change their nature. A man that goes out a fool cannot ride or sail himself into common sense.
Linda Ronstadt|Shakespeare wrote about love. I write about love. Shakespeare wrote about gang warfare, family feuds and revenge. I write about all the same things.
Karen Hawkins, How to Abduct a Highland Lord|Who hit you?""Clara.""Clara!""She whaled me one in return for upsetting you. Well, at least, that was the main reason.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|Words are tears that have been written down. Tears are words that need to be shed. Without them, joy loses all its brilliance and sadness has no end.
Nichole Severn, Her Fallen Protector|He kissed the cord running between her shoulder and neck, his teeth grazing the skin. Clamping her thighs together, she struggled to breathe through the wave of desire. Biology dictated the amount of time it took for women to become aroused, nearly twice that of men, but in a single moment, he’d disproved that theory.
David  Brooks|The less one knows about meat, the more one is able to enjoy it. Meat tastes wonderful, of course, but as with the lad hawking hard-to-find wares at unbelievable prices, it’s best not to ask too many questions.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Why could Tolkien not be more like Sir Thomas Malory, asked [Edwin] Muir, in the third Observer review of those cited above, and give us heroes and heroines like Lancelot and Guinevere, who ' knew temptation, were sometimes unfaithful to their vows,' were engagingly marked by adulterous passion? But T.H. White had already considered that paradigm, was indeed rewriting it at the same time as Tolkien in The Once and Future King; and he had seen the core of Malory's work not in romantic vice but in the human urge to murder. In White the poisonous adder that provokes the last disastrous battle is no adder but a harmless grass-snake, and the flash of the sword which brings on the two armies is not natural self-defense but natural blood-lust, creating a continuum from cruelty to animals to world wars and holocausts. Malory has to be rewritten to encompass a new view of evil.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Whatever you do, do it as a master, not as a slave.
Graham Swift, Ever After|There has always been, for me, this other world, this second world to fall back on--a more reliable world in so far as it does not hide that its premise is illusion.
Lemmy Kilmister|The only interesting thing about religion is how many people it's slaughtered. Communism and Nazism are religions as well, make no mistake about it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are looking at anything from one point, from one angle, you can never attain wisdom because wisdom is to see all the things from every point, from every angle!
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I believe that worrying about a bad thing prepares you for it when it comes. If you worry, the bad thing doesn't hit you as hard. You can roll with the punch if you see it coming.
Fulton J. Sheen, Seven Words of Jesus and Mary: Lessons from Cana and Calvary|Once you have surrendered yourself, you make yourself receptive. In receiving from God, you are perfected and completed.
Lucy Christopher|Beautiful princesses and beautiful, strong queens are brainwashed into thinking ho’s and B****’s are virtuous titles.
Terry Virgo, A People Prepared|Anybody body can be a Church goer, but there is a difference of "GOD" being in them then they being in the WORLD.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|You definitely have the voice for phone sex, but I've got to go. I have a date with my vibrator.""Oh, Eva." Cross spoke my name in a decadent purr. "You're determined to drive me to my knees, aren't you? What will it take to talk you into a threesome with B.O.B.
Starhawk, The Spiral Dance: A Rebirth of the Ancient Religion of the Great Goddess|The God is wild, but his is the wildness of connection, not of domination and violence. Wildness is not the same as violence. Gentleness and tenderness do no translate into wimpiness. When men -- or women, for that matter -- begin to unleash what is untamed in us, we need to remember that the first images and impulses we encounter will often be the stereotyped paths of power we have learned in a culture of domination. To become truly wild, we must not be sidetracked by the dramas of power-over, the seduction of addictions, or the thrill of control. We must go deeper.
Thomas Merton, Contemplative Prayer|True contemplation is not a psychological trick but a theological grace. It can come to us ONLY as a gift, and not as a result of our own clever use of spiritual techniques.
Erin Hunter, Midnight|I close my eyes for a moment and open my inner eye. I stare at Pete, and the thing in his arms. Human. Cat. Human. Cat. No doubled vision: it's a cat, singular. A solitary diurnal ambush hunter with good hearing and binocular vision, and a predilection for biting the neck of its prey in half while disemboweling it with the scythe-like claws on its hind legs. Basically it's a velociraptor with a fur coat and an outsize sense of entitlement.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often we make it more about what stands before us, and we miss all that stands within us.
Josiah Royce|All I did was pray to God, every day. In prison camp, the main prayer was, 'Get me home alive, God, and I'll seek you and serve you.' I came home, got wrapped up in the celebration, and forgot about the hundreds of promises I'd made to God.
Kendare Blake|It happened during the winter of 1973, when evenings rang out stillborn from far across the weathered moorland, and snow fell hard and heavy and clung atop the peppered veins of nature’s tough bracken, all picture-postcard like.
Adam Johnson, Fortune Smiles|To survive was to escape fate. But if you escape your fate, whose life do you then step into?
Eric Church|Wooden was the coach for the UCLA Bruins, arguably the greatest sports coach we ever had.
Rachel Vincent, Never to Sleep|Survival strategy. If you’re not careful, this place will eat you alive, and Kaylee’s like bait for the beasts.
Ron Brackin|Those who want rain, must also accept the mud.
John  Dalton|It's the right idea, but not the right time.
Debasish Mridha|If you understand the desire of a blooming flower, you will be able to understand the meaning of life.
Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place|What we must think about is an agriculture with a human face. We must give standing to the new pioneers, the homecomers bent on the most important work for the next century - a massive salvage operation to save the vulnerable but necessary pieces of nature and culture and to keep the good and artful examples before us. It is time for a new breed of artists to enter front and center, for the point of art, after all, is to connect. This is the homecomer I have in mind: the scientist, the accountant who converses with nature, a true artist devoted to the building of agriculture and culture to match the scenery presented to those first European eyes.
Victor Shamas, Repose: The Potent Pause|Repose is the most expansive posture you can assume. When you are in Repose, your body is as open and extended as it can be. If the power of a pose is determined by how large it makes your body feel and appear, then Repose should be viewed as the ultimate high-power pose.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|Dream is the personalized myth, myth the depersonalized dream; both myth and dream are symbolic in the same general way of the dynamic of the psyche. But in the dream the forms are quirked by the peculiar troubles of the dreamer, whereas in myth the problems and solutions sown are directly valid for all mankind
Ouida, Wanda, Countess von Szalras.|He mistook, as the cleverest men often do mistake, in underrating the cruelty of women.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter Is Delicious|Have you noticed how difficult it is just to get along in the world? If you're no good at all in your job, people treat you badly and eventually you will be unemployed. And if you're a little better than competent, everyone expects miracles from you, every single time. Like most of life, it's a no-win situation. And if you dare to mention it, no matter how creatively you phrase your complaints, you are shunned as a whiner.
Christine Feehan, Night Game|Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.
Tom Clancy|'Social engineering,' the fancy term for tricking you into giving away your digital secrets, is at least as great a threat as spooky technology.
-Shandel Slaten|It is much more rewarding to get to the top of the mountain and share your experience with others than to show up by yourself, exausted.
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|Lastly he looked at the face so caved and drawn among the folds of funeral cloth, the yellowed moustache, the eyelids paper thin. That was not sleeping. That was not sleeping.
Stephen Colbert|There's an old saying about those who forget history. I don't remember it, but it's good.
Coco J. Ginger|She wanted to write to him. Tell him she was glad he was back, that he was alive, that he was home and safe. But words to him no longer fit right in her her mouth.Words which belonged in his ownership were no longer hers to give. Silence was the only acceptable state her heart would grant. He would never know what he missed, because she refused to be heard in his presence. All the words he could have had, all the phrases he might have danced with. The smiles which would have been imprinted upon his heart, would never be. And his lips would never be able to reply to the words she could not say.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|What is a secret? It is much more than knowledge shared with only a few, or perhaps only one another. It is power. It is a bond. It is a sign of deep trust, or the darkest threat possible. There is power in the keeping of a secret, and power in the revelation of a secret. Sometimes it takes a very wise man to discern which is the path to greater power. All men desirous of power should become collectors of secrets. There is no secret too small to be valuable. All men value their own secrets far above those of others. A scullery maid may be willing to betray a prince before allowing the name of her secret lover to be told.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|By looking to the Source, to the Creator of nature, we can remember how to navigate life organically, with less struggle, and less suffering.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|Suddenly Saffron had a picture in her mind of Sarah waiting at the bottom of the wall, and she was angry with herself.Something changed in Saffron at that moment. She knew all about feeling left out.... That was why she wanted her angel so badly; proof that she mattered as much as anyone else."I couldn't really climb the wall," she said. "And if I could, what if I got caught? What would I say?""You'd think of something.""No. It was a stupid idea. Let's try your way, early in the morning.""Before breakfast?""Yes. All right Mission Control?""All right," said Sarah. "All right, Superhero.
Omar Khayyám|Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.
Donald Knuth|In our minds, love and lust are really separated. It's hard to find someone that can be kind and you can trust enough to leave your kids with, and isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe.
Gasmaskman|These were always the weirdest trips for me, when it was midnight or even later, and we pulled up to a dark house, trying to be quiet. Like a robbery in reverse, creeping around to leave something rather than take it.
Lech Walesa|When you're in a crisis of, you know, tremendous proportions, it's beyond any human capability to control, you just make the best decisions you can, and you just hope that your intuition is correct.
Ellen Hopkins, Rumble|Late-Flowering LustMy head is bald, my breath is bad,Unshaven is my chin,I have not now the joys I hadWhen I was young in sin.I run my fingers down your dressWith brandy-certain aimAnd you respond to my caressAnd maybe feel the same.But I've a picture of my ownOn this reunion night,Wherein two skeletons are shewnTo hold each other tight;Dark sockets look on emptinessWhich once was loving-eyed,The mouth that opens for a kissHas got no tongue inside.I cling to you inflamed with fearAs now you cling to me,I feel how frail you are my dearAnd wonder what will be--A week? or twenty years remain?And then--what kind of death?A losing fight with frightful painOr a gasping fight for breath?Too long we let our bodies cling,We cannot hide disgustAt all the thoughts that in us springFrom this late-flowering lust.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|The device,' Philip said. 'What are you going to do with it?''I know how this sounds. But you'll have to trust us. We'll take possession of it. We're going to dismantle it; when we do so, the wormhole will close, making this the final version of history we live through. Then we're going to box up the device and forget about it. Lose it somewhere; burn the records. It'll end up in a warehouse right next to the Ark of Covenant.
Dino KF Wong|Most women prefer lovemaking with romance, appreciation, respect, and caring with plenty of foreplay, satisfaction, and afterglow.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Thinking is man’s only basic virtue, from which all the others proceed. And his basic vice, the source of all his evils, is that nameless act which all of you practice, but struggle never to admit: the act of blanking out, the willful suspension of one’s consciousness, the refusal to think - not blindness, but the refusal to see; not ignorance, but the refusal to know. It is the act of unfocusing your mind and inducing an inner fog to escape the responsibility of judgment - on the unstated premise that a thing will not exist if only you refuse to identify it, that A will not be A so long as you do not pronounce the verdict ‘It is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We can only diffuse kindness, to the souls filled with bitterness
L.H.|Belief in a false reality about another person first manifests in the creators mind by making everything look like proof, then manifests in other people to become reality. Unless noticed.
Conor Oberst|What you end up seeing when you look at history is that people who have been good at pushing the boundaries of possibility, and exploring those frontiers of good ideas and innovations, have rarely done it in moments of great inspiration. They don't just have a brilliant breakthrough idea out of nowhere and leap ahead of everyone else.
Bryan Davis, Liberator|It's not enough, is it? Just to follow; just to have faith in someone bigger and smarter and better informed. That's how we're built, that's how every Partial is wired - to follow orders and trust in our leaders - but it's not enough. It never has been. We've followed our leaders, and sometimes they win and sometimes they lose; we do what they say and we play our part. But this is our decision. Our mission. And when we're done, it will be our victory, or our defeat. I don't want to fail, but if I do, I want to be able to look back and say, 'I did that. I failed. That was all me.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Saying of the ProphetEnvyEnvy devours good deeds, as a fire devours fuel.
George Eliot|When you succeed in life, You cannot be sure till you reach at the point you expect.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I fell out of love with him and he thought I fell in love with someone else, I did. I fell in love with me.
Dito Montiel, A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints|I realize now that the reason we often feel so bad about change is because of all those beautiful things that happen in our lives. I mean, I can't remember ever feeling sad about many things other than a great memory. I believe in contentment and love and laughter. I believe when we fear for our content it is then, most of all, we feel sadness.
Sali Hughes, Pretty Honest|My general feeling is that date make-up should be an honest advertisement for a potential relationship. Frankly, it’s easier for you that way. There’s no point labouring over lots of perfectly applied make-up if you are, in reality, a low-maintenance kind of girl who can’t possibly keep it up beyond the honeymoon period. Equally, it seems unwise to imply you’re someone who rolls out of bed and out to a Sunday farmer’s market all natural skin, flushed cheeks and a smidge of lip balm when your real life is spent in full coverage foundation and smoky eyes. Like any part of dating, it is always safer to be yourself because who can maintain a lie for long?
Ashton Eaton|I have the strength from my mother, the survivability. I have wonderful qualities from my mother - but please, Mother, forgive me - I heard judgment constantly about my father.
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|I watched the surrounding landscape with great curiosity, and I wanted to discover the words that could describe all its unspoiled beauty.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|If you could get anything at all off Santa, what would it be?’	I asked for a fire engine and sweets. Bunty exclaimed in delight, ‘Santa will get you that, but you and Scott will need to leave out a bowl of milk and some carrots for Rudolph.’	‘Who’s Rudolph?’ I asked.	Bunty told me in confidence that Rudolph was Santa’s reindeer and that he helped pull all the children’s toys in the world over the snow. I couldn’t wait.	In readiness for Rudolph, Scott, Martha, Bunty and I picked out four of the biggest carrots from a bag in the kitchen, which we then washed. We found a big bowl that we used to lick the cream out of, which we filled with milk. We put the bowl along with the carrots under the Christmas tree, with all the other children’s offerings. Then Bunty and Martha came in and washed us, put us to bed and read us a story, before kissing us good night. On their way out they said, ‘When you wake up, Santa will have been'.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|A faerie heart is different from a human heart. Human hearts are elastic. They have room for all sorts of passions, and they can break and heal and love again and again. Faerie hearts are evolutionarily less sophisticated. They are small and hard, like tiny grains of sand. Our hearts are too small to love more than one person in a lifetime...I tried to talk sense into my hard little heart. But it had landed on Peter, a creature two hundred times my size and barely aware of me, and there was no prying it loose.
Ernest Hemingway|The most essential gift for a good writer is a built-in, shock-proof, shit detector. This is the writer's radar and all great writers have had it.
Suzanne Brockmann|What did Kevin Ye get arrested for anyway? Didn't he steal a car?" "He stole the driver's ed car."I laughed. Then I saw how Adam was looking at me. "He gave it back." "They MAKE you give stuff back, Lori, after they arrest you for stealing it.
Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out|I don't know who he was," Kavita flat-out states, "but whoever he was he sure did a number on you, didn't he?"Mary leans forward to ensure he would see her deviant stare. "Did it ever occur to you that maybe I did a number on him?"Kavita leans in closer as well, and with that same deviant expression, "Yes. I have.
David Levithan, Every Day|Flanked by his personal guardsmen, Emperor Gevalen walked toward me, never letting go of me with his eyes. It was thrilling and terrifying all at once.
Garth Risk Hallberg|Punk had picked the locks, sluiced out into the grid.
Viktor E. Frankl|Each of us has his own inner concentration camp... We must deal with, with forgiveness and patience-as full human beings, as we are and what we will become.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|The basic urge toward mysticism is never, in the unaltered man, clear enough to be recognized for what it is.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|Outrage steamed her brain. "I've waited three days... Do you know what day it is?"	He gave a one-sided shrug, his massive shoulder muscles shifting. "Who has time to check the calendar when people are shooting at you and snakes are biting you in the ass?
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|A bride, before a "Good-night" could be said,Should vanish from her clothes into her bed,As souls from bodies steal, and are not spied.But now she's laid; what though she be?Yet there are more delays, for where is he?He comes and passeth through sphere after sphere;First her sheets, then her arms, then anywhere.Let not this day, then, but this night be thine;Thy day was but the eve to this, O Valentine.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|Nell did not imagine that Constable Moore wanted to get into a detailed discussion of recent events, so she changed the subject. "I think I have finally worked out what you were trying to tell me, years ago, about being intelligent," she said.The Constable brightened all at once. "Pleased to hear it."The Vickys have an elaborate code of morals and conduct. It grew out of the moral squalor of an earlier generation, just as the original Victorians were preceded by the Georgians and the Regency. The old guard believe in that code because they came to it the hard way. They raise their children to believe in that code– but their children believe it for entirely different reasons."They believe it," the Constable said, "because they have been indoctrinated to believe it."Yes. Some of them never challenge it– they grow up to be smallminded people, who can tell you what they believe but not why they believe it. Others become disillusioned by the hypocrisy of the society and rebel– as did Elizabeth Finkle-McGraw."Which path do you intend to take, Nell?" said the Constable, sounding very interested. "Conformity or rebellion?"Neither one. Both ways are simple-minded– they are only for people who cannot cope with contradiction and ambiguity.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|And what impels him to repeat this process at every single lesson, and, with the same remorseless insistence, to make his pupils copy it without the least alteration? He sticks to this traditional custom because he knows from experience that the preparations for working put him simultaneously in the right frame of mind for creating. The meditative repose in which he performs them gives him that vital loosening and equability of all his powers, that collectedness and presence of mind, without which no right work can be done.
Stephen W. Porges, The Polyvagal Theory: Neurophysiological Foundations of Emotions, Attachment, Communication, and Self-regulation|A child's (or an adult's) nervous system may detect danger or a threat to life when the child enters a new environment or meets a strange person. Cognitively, there is no reason for them to be frightened. But often, even if they understand this, their bodies betray them. Sometimes this betrayal is private; only they are aware that their hearts are beating fast and contracting with such force that they start to sway. For others, the responses are more overt. They may tremble. Their faces may flush, or perspiration may pour from their hands and forehead. Still others may become pale and dizzy and feel precipitously faint.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Bliss is inherent in the Self as fragrance is inherent in a flower. As the flower of the Self-love blossoms, bliss comes spontaneously as the fragrance.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|Sweet, crazy conversations full of half sentences, daydreams and misunderstandings more thrilling than understanding could ever be.
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|If it's really education you want for Nathan,' Buell said, 'have him read the papers, so he'll know what's going on in the world, and why. Teach him to be interested in everything he doesn't understand - interested enough to find out about it from books or people that aren't afraid to tell the truth.
William Wilberforce|No man, ever indulged more freely or happily in that playful facetiousness which gratifies all without wounding any.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|THAT'S IT!" Terminus cried. "That's AGAINST THE RULES!"Polybotes frowned, obviously confused that he was being told off by a statue. "What are you?" he growled. "Shut up!"He pushed the statue over and turned back to Percy."Now I'm MAD!" Terminus shrieked. "I'm strangling you. Feel that? Those are my hands around your neck, you big bully. Get over here! I'm going to head-butt you so hard--
Gary Peeling|Just then a familiar voiced spoke right in to Stephens’s ear which startled him as his eyes once again began slowly opening. “Don’t try to move or talk you two, not that you could if you wanted to anyway.” It was Bob inches away from his face and he sounded very different now, his voice was low and threatening and his eyes were unsmiling and cold. “Very soon you will be gone and there will be no trace of any of you here, or us for that matter.” He felt Bob go through his pockets until eventually he saw that he had pulled his van keys out of his pocket. Stephen looked around for his baby and he could see the others passing a sleeping Rosie clutching Roo and her dummy to the goblin like creatures. They grabbed her with their long thin hands with talon like fingers and then began sniffing her like animals that smelt out the prey. Bob saw him looking at them walking off with Rosie. “Don’t worry Stephen. The sproggers will care for her” Bob told him before letting out a spine shivering sinister laugh.
Arthur Conan Doyle|To let the brain work without sufficient material is like racing an engine. It racks itself to pieces. The sea air, sunshine, and patience, Watson—all else will come.
D.H. Lawrence, D.H. Lawrence and Italy: Twilight in Italy/Sea and Sardinia/Etruscan Places|There was the loud noise of water, as ever, something eternal and maddening in its sound, like the sound of Time itself, rustling and rushing and wavering, but never for a second ceasing. The rushing of Time that continues throughout eternity, this is the sound of the icy streams of Switzerland, something that mocks and destroys out warm being.
Kahlil Gibran, Prophet Hb|love one another, but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
Jane Goodall|I've got tremendous respect for different cultures, for the food and everything.
Andrew Davidson|If you listen to the wind very carefully, you'll be able to hear me whisper my love for you.
Pitigrilli, Cocaine|To , nothing is more frightful than laughter.
Jacquelyn Ayres|She had be by the balls - literally had her fingers wrapped around my balls! Her hand fit them good, Mitch!" I can hear desire in his voice. "At times it was a little painful, I have to admit, but my balls were made to fit in her palm. Mitch, "he says, all too seriously, "I have found the keeper of my balls, Mitch. I'm ready to hand them over.
Tom Ford|His father is governor of Media, and though he has the greatest command given him of all the rest of my generals, he still covetously desires more, and my being without issue spurs him on to this wicked design. But Philotas takes wrong measures.
George W. Bush|I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office."(Washington DC, 12 May, 2008)
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|32. Before you criticize your parents for their failures and mistakes, ask yourself: “Will I really do that much better with my own children?” The job is tougher than it looks, and mistakes are inevitable!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The surgical resident interested in learning trauma will bypass a residency at a quiet community hospital for a residency at a fast-paced Level 1 trauma center treating a high volume of trauma patients. A Level 1 trauma center residency is far more rigorous—and not particularly glamorous—but the intensive culture of a dedicated trauma center will cultivate the decisive judgment and action required of a surgeon specializing in trauma. By choice or by chance, we must actively test our limits to know our capabilities.
Timothy Zahn, Dark Force Rising|He pointed to the burning building as sirens heralded the approach of emergency personnel. “This is your job—this is your life. Blood and death and pain and vengeance and justice. And sometimes it sucks, but it’s worth it.”Caleb sighed, but not in resignation. “I know this is the job, and it is worth it. But I refuse to believe it’s my life. Not only and not forever.”Samuel pinched the bridge of his nose and waved dismissively with his other hand. “F***ing romantic.
Rachel Hamilton|When you don't have the words to say He hears your heart. When you feel like no one understands He carries your pain. When hope seems lost God whispers "Joy is coming.
Dada Bhagwan|Bitterness and sweetness, are both fruits of egoism. Doing egosim of good deeds brings sweetness. Doing egosim of bad deeds brings bitterness.
Nenia Campbell, Fearscape|She had come into the garden expecting summer roses and had instead been caught in a bank of twisted, thorny, frostbitten vines.
Lorraine Heath, In Bed with the Devil|We want who we want, right? No matter what other people say. No matter what reason or reality we’re faced with. No matter what facts our brains process. The heart’s a stubborn organ.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|But while the urban tribe helps us survive, it does not help us thrive. The urban tribe may bring us soup when we are sick, but it is the people we hardly know - those who never make it into our tribe - who will swiftly and dramatically change our lives for the better.
Lee Gutkind, You Can't Make This Stuff Up: The Complete Guide to Writing Creative Nonfiction--from Memoir to Literary Journalism and Everything in Between|There are writers who write for fame. And there are writers who write because we need to make sense of the world we live in; writing is a way to clarify, to interpret, to reinvent. We may want our work to be recognized, but that is not the reason we write. We do not write because we must; we always have a choice. We write because language is the way we keep a hold on life. With words we experience our deepest understandings of what it means to be intimate. We communicate to connect, to know community.
Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers|And then our Mum and Dad were in love and they were truly dry-stone strong and durable and people speak of ease and joy and spontaneity and the fact that their two smells became one smell, our smell. Us.
Frederick Marryat, The Pirate|if someone always finds our mistakes then we must be happy to know that there, in the world, is at-least someone who is concentrating his mind and spending his time to make us flawless or perfect.
Tess Callahan|It seared her senses; it made her feel alive, even as it sucked that life away - and she kept coming back to it, again and again. Waves of sensation pulled her under - drowning her. But Blue made drowning feel like the loveliest thing. Like she was losing her breath, but she didn't need it, didn't want it, only wanted him.
Bruce Springsteen|Don't run back inside, darlin', you know just what I'm here for. So you're scared and you're thinkin' we ain't that young any more...Show a little faith! There's magic in the night. You ain't a beauty, but hey, you're all right.
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|There is simply no issue more important. Conservation is the preservation of human life on earth, and that, above all else, is worth fighting for.
Monica Johnson|The word of God is very important to Christmas. For unto us a child was born, and we should be reminded of how Christ's amazing journey came to be.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Have good sense, smell the scents, and you will have more cents
Rebecca Solnit|The positive emotions that arise in...unpromising circumstances demonstrate that social ties and meaningful work are deeply desired, readily improvised, and intensely rewarding. The very structure of our economy and society prevent these goals from being achieved.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Treat others with respect and you will always be wealthy, because your community is your real currency.
Jennifer Michael Hecht, Doubt: A History: The Great Doubters and Their Legacy of Innovation from Socrates and Jesus to Thomas Jefferson and Emily Dickinson|Have we,” asks Claude de Saint-Martin, the great ‘unknown philosopher,’ “have we advanced one step further on the radiant path of enlightenment, that leads to the simplicity of men?” Let us wait in silence: perhaps ere long we shall be conscious of “the murmur of the gods.
Jet Li|I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.
عائض القرني|Whatever has befallen you was not meant to escape you, and whatever has escaped you was not meant to befall you.
T. Casey Brennan|If I ever meet with the man who fulfills my ideal, I shall make it a condition of the marriage settlement, that I am to have chocolate under the pillow.
Ludwig von Mises|I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it
Helen LaKelly Hunt, Faith and Feminism: A Holy Alliance|Don’t waste a good idea or allow it to die inside you. One idea can bring you to the top, make your day or spark off chains of success chain reactions.
Elvis Costello|I don't have a fear factor. Well, not much of one. And I'm willing to risk quite a lot - as a comedian, you're always risking a lot. You're risking failure, especially if you're improvising and going on TV shows trying to make comedy out of thin air. That is quite a risky business.
Laura Esquivel, Like Water for Chocolate|The trouble with crying over an onion is that once the chopping gets you started and the tears begin to well up, the next thing you know you just can't stop.
Jan Karon, Home to Holly Springs|It was a wonderful life. To have a stage play right in this room, with real people acting real parts.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|I care little for titles assigned to men, rather I care about the spirit of men.
Anita Shreve|I don't have any fear of death. I do, however, have an inordinate fear of becoming dependent on other people. To me, that's the severest test, not death.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|My yogurt was nestled into a bag, waiting to turn into aushak, and all around us were sausages and pastry, lollipops and spices, chicken and cheese. Any world that contained all this, I thought surveying our loot, was a very fine place. I felt reinvigorated, alive, optimistic. The though of getting back to work suddenly seemed like fun.
Steven Erikson, The Bonehunters|Make no choice, and you have chosen. Failure to decide, because you lack the right, is itself a decision, First Councilor. In abstaining, you vote.
Dwight L. Moody|If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.
Kelley Armstrong, Omens|So where does that leave me? I like hosting the show....It’s become my identity. If that’s gone, where am I?
Graham Nash|For our anniversary, my wife and I went to see Godzilla, and then we ate at Barnyard Venice, and it was like, 'We are crazy! The Kardashians have to keep up with us!'
Dutch Ruppersberger|If you go back to the Greeks and Romans, they talk about all three - wine, food, and art - as a way of enhancing life.
Alexis Korner|It is curious that, with my somewhat antinomian tendencies, I should have gone to Trinity Hall - which was, and is, before all a Law College - and should thus have been thrown into close touch with the legal element in life.
Tomislav Sunić|Before man ventures into daydreams about his futuristic society, he shouldfirst immerse himself in the nothingness of his being, and finally restore life to what it is all about: a working hypothesis.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Looking for Truth is not some kind of spazzy free-for-all, not even during this, the great age of the spazzy free-for-all.
Holly Bourne, The Manifesto on How to be Interesting|Writing's much more romantic when its pen and ink and paper. It's... More timeless. and worthwhile. Think about it. There are so many words gushing out into the universe these days. All digitally. All in Comic Sans or Times New Roman. Silly Websites. Stupid news stories digitally uploaded to a 24-hour channel. Where's all this writing going? Who's keeping a note of it all? Who's in charge of deciding what's worthwhile and what isn't? But back then... Back then, if someone wanted to write something they had to buy paper. Buy it! And ink. And a pen. And they couldn't waste too many sheets cos it was expensive. So when people wrote, they wrote because it was worthwhile... not just because they had some half-baked idea and they wanted to pointlessly prove their existence by sharing it on some bloody social networking site.
Aysha Taryam|Tempted to type meaningless twaddle all the time on Twitter...with alliteration, no less!
Mark Twain|I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|What if you had seen haven open as Stephen did, and all the saints there triumphing in glory, and enjoying the end of their labours and sufferings, what a life would you lead after such a sight as this! Why, you will see this with your eyes before it be long.Thou hast the more cause to doubt a great deal, because thou never didst doubtl and yet more because thou hast been so careless in thy confidence. What do these expressions discover, but a wilful neglect of thy own salvation? As a shipmaster that should let his vessel alone, and mind other matters, and say, I will venture it among the rocks, and sands, and gulfs, and waves, and winds; I will never touble myself to know wheter it shall come safe to the harbour; I will trust God with it; it will speed as well as other men's vessels do. Indeed, as well as other men's that are as careless and idle, but not so well as other mens's that are diligent and watchful. What horrible abuse of God is this, for men to pretend that they trust God with their souls only to cloak their own wilful negligence! (290-291)
John Paul Warren|The law provides expert diagnosis of our sin problem, but the law does not provide the cure to our sin problem. Only Jesus can!
Robert Schumann, Advice to Young Musicians|Think it a vile habit to alter works of good composers, to omit parts of them, or to insert new-fashioned ornaments. This is the greatest insult you can offer to Art.
Youssou N'Dour|If I'm extra happy or excited, it'll take me an hour or two to write a song. Or, if I'm really sad or something, it will take me about a day. But I have a specific way of writing: I just listen to the beat. I think about what I'm going to write over the beat.
Wentworth Miller|The lead car is unique, except for the one behind it which is identical.
Daisaku Ikeda|A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation, and further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Liars corrupt knowledge,and fools pervert wisdom,but the wise hallow both.Knowledge holds the truth.
D.A. Paul, Boost|I liked my face. Ethan liked my face. A lot of people liked my face. Besides, makeup was really just glorified face paint.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|Brutality and injustice made us raise our hands towards the sky for years; God didn’t respond us, but drones came to our rescue.
Emma Holly|‎"You want more?" she asked a bit breathlessly. "Even after what we did?"His mouth took on a sardonic twist. "I'm afraid quantity usually matters for me . . ."--THE PRINCESS'S ASSASSINS
John Muir|When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe. -John Muir, naturalist, explorer, and writer (1838-1914)
Diane B. Saxton, Peregrine Island|Think how wonderful it might be to no longer matter, Mrs. Peregrine. Think how wonderful it might be to no longer worry, struggle… or fail.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I thought it would be quieter here.” [Anna] hadn’t meant to say anything, but the noise startled her. “The wind in the trees,” Bran said. “And there are some birds that stay year-round. Sometimes when the wind is still and the cold is upon us, the quiet is so deep you can feel it in your bones.
Robert Pirsig, Lila|Illusions fall away one after another like the husks of a fruit, and that fruit is experience. It is bitter to the taste, but there is fortitude to be found in gall – forgive me my old-fashioned turns of phrase.
Frederick Buechner|To so many people, the Lord is in danger of being no more than a patron saint of our systematic theology instead of the Christ Who is our life.
Marcel Proust|Most people use less brains in selecting the person with whom they are to spend their lives than they do in choosing an automobile, a bicycle or a cut of steak. Love isn’t enough; there must also be understanding.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The most important thing you can do for yourself each day is to create (in and around you) an environment that keeps you constantly inspired because when you’re inspired, there is absolutely nothing you cannot do.
Franz Boas|Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman.
Colleen McCullough|All day, after two days and nights of rain, water had been rising in the dykes and now it was creeping rapidly up the five stone arches of the bridge where the she stood watching the wide rainy valley up which the tongue of river finally lost itself in a gray country of winter elms.
S.A.R.K.|Gracie, you are exactly where you are supposed to be and everything is going to be all right.Willem
Kathleen Winter, Annabel|…People are rivers, always ready to move from one state of being into another. It is not fair, to treat people as if they are finished beings. Everyone is always becoming and unbecoming.
C. Baxter Kruger, Jesus and the Undoing of Adam|Humour is, in fact, a prelude to faith; and laughter is the beginning of prayer … Laughter is swallowed up in prayer and humour is fulfilled by faith.
Robertson Davies|Writers, you know, are the beggars of Western society.
Otto Ray and Amelia Raht|It must have really not liked me, but I can't imagine why, don't say anything Amelia."Amelia shrugged her shoulders, "It liked me the first time."Otto smirked, "Well I have no idea why.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|This feeling of lessening disturbance, coming from within myself, unexpected, was profoundly disturbing. As I sat still, growing less and less alarmed by the situation, I knew that I had to move fast, as fast and as far as I could within this small, cramped house.
Erik Pevernagie|Without a clear-cut vision and a proper reading of the roadmap we may not reach the buoyant shores of the horizon. If we only keep looking into the middle distance, we might easily walk straight into the wall. ("Change of Vision")
Geoff Dyer, Yoga for People Who Can't Be Bothered to Do It|In the cramped confines of the toilet I had trouble getting out of my wet trousers, which clung to my legs like a drowning man. The new ones were quite complicated too in that they had more legs than a spider; either that or they didn't have enough legs to get mine into. The numbers failed to add up. Always there was one trouser leg too many or one of my legs was left over. From the outside it may have looked like a simple toilet, but once you were locked in here the most basic rules of arithmetic no longer held true.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|He wanted to say that all this talk of feelings was irrelevant. Thatemotions come and go and can't be controlled, so there's no reason to worry about them. That in the end, people should be judged by their actions, since in the end, it was actions that defined everyone.
Joanne Van Leerdam|As writers, we should remind ourselves, and each other, that Jane Austen and JK Rowling got rejected by publishers, too.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|If it is perfectly acceptable for a widow to disfigure herself or commit suicide to save face for her husband's family, why should a mother not be moved to extreme action by the loss of a child or children? We are their caretakers. We love them. We nurse them when they are sick. . . But no woman should live longer than her children. It is against the law of nature. If she does, why wouldn't she wish to leap from a cliff, hang from a branch, or swallow lye?
Paula Hendricks|Should teach us that there are no happy endings, so no desilusionariamos us if we did not get our happy ending.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|Never underestimate love, as you need estimate to underestimate.
Abhijit Naskar|All the repressed emotions and subconscious desires in time lead to some kind of psychological or physiological breakdown, if kept unchecked.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|Till her appointed course be run;Till on the darkness faint her breathFlown to the silent void, and DeathSit crowned upon the ashen sun.(“The Testimony of the Suns”)
Elizabeth Little|I think it's fair to say that I don't pick up languages. If anything, I roll around in them gracelessly and pray that something sticks.
Tommy Lee Jones|The historical background is one of the easier aspects of writing a novel. Far more difficult is dreaming up the smaller, character-based scenes, scenes that rise entirely from one's own imagination.
Peter Bach|Cancer gets a bad press but, fair do's, it's a truly egalitarian illness, unlike those stuck-up bastards ME and motor neurone.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|We form our impression not globally, by placing ourselves in the broadest possible context, but locally, by comparing ourselves to people in the same boat as ourselves.
Debasish Mridha|Love, caring, and the spirit of kindness always bring happiness. Our greatest happiness depends on what we love, how we care, and how we share.
Nenia Campbell, Endgame|Happiness is such a fragile thing, isn't it? So easily burst, like a bubble blown by a child, and always on the verge of being carried away.
Sherri Shepherd|I see an insidious problem in the marketing of weddings as 'the happiest day of your life.' The pressure that is placed upon this event to be the alpha and omega of your entire existence makes it, I think, into a kind of nuptial New Year's Eve, and we all know how that usually turns out.
Alexandra Harvey|I was head over heels, now I just see my heel in your head
Bill Murray|For me, it's all about moderation. I don't kick things out of my diet, like carbs. But I'm not going to eat fast food.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|If it had only been for the immortality gene, humanity would have eventually managed to turn it back on. At one point in history, they would have embarked on a quest to become immortals, like the gods. But they couldn’t and the whole of humanity still can’t and won’t.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|With one long breath, caught and held in his chest, he fought his sadness over his solitary life. Don't cry, you idiot! Live or die, but don't poison everything...
Kate Rockland, Falling Is Like This|In reality punk people are usually the gentlest, kindest folks you'll ever know. They're like hippies, only they wear way more black.
Dada Bhagwan|Awareness (of the Self) prevails in matters where one becomes attachment-free (vitrag), and where one has attachment-abhorrence, there his awareness will not prevail.
Paulo Coelho|Each day, in itself, brings with it an eternity.
Patricia Nedelea, Constant Guests|Look what we, the humans, the humanity!???What we are doing in "The Purge", it's shown.
Lorenzo Snow|British diplomats and Anglo-American types in Washington have a near-superstitious prohibition on uttering the words 'Special Relationship' to describe relations between Britain and America, lest the specialness itself vanish like a phantom at cock-crow.
Anna Kavan, Who Are You?|He sees her looking at him with interest, and is encouraged to go on. 'I wouldn't be here with you now. This wouldn't be real - something else would. You'd have been another you, instead of the one you are now. You can't be tied down to a predestined fate when you change according to your situation, and your fate must change too. Everything depends on circumstances - on which "you" you happen to be at a given time...
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Percy: “You asked Poseidon for… me?” Tyson: "For a friend, young cyclopes grow up alone on the streets, learns to make things out of scraps. Learn to survive." Percy: “But that’s so cruel!” Tyson: “Makes us appreciate blessings, not be greedy and mean and fat like Polyphemus. But I got scared. Monsters chased me so much, clawed me sometimes--" Percy: “The scars on your back?” Tyson: “Sphinx on Seventy-second Street. Big Bully. I prayed to Daddy for help. Soon the people at Meriwether found me. Mey you. Biggest blessing ever. Sorry I said Poseidon was mean. He sent me a brother.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|A fellow has to believe in something, Jay-such as the rottenness of humanity.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The woman glares at him and, after taking a breath, forges on. "One other issue I'd like to raise is how you have authors here separated by sex.""Yes, that's right. The person who was in charge before us cataloged these and for whatever reason divided them into male and female. We were thinking of recataloging all of them, but haven't been able to as of yet.""We're not criticizing you for this," she says.Oshima tilts his head slightly."The problem, though, is that in all categories male authors are listed before female authors," she says. "To our way of thinking this violates the principle of sexual equality and is totally unfair."Oshima picks up her business card again, runs his eyes over it, then lays it back down on the counter. "Ms. Soga," he begins, "when they called the role in school your name would have come before Ms. Tanaka, and after Ms. Sekine. Did you file a complaint about that? Did you object, asking them to reverse the order? Does G get angry because it follows F in the alphabet? Does page 68 in a book start a revolution just because it follows 67?""That's not the point," she says angrily. "You're intentionally trying to confuse the issue."Hearing this, the shorter woman, who'd been standing in front of a stack taking notes, races over."Intentionally trying to confuse the issue," Oshima repeats, like he's underlining the woman's words."Are you denying it?""That's a red herring," Oshima replies.The woman named Soga stands there, mouth slightly ajar, not saying a word."In English there's this expression red herring. Something that's very interesting but leads you astray from the main topic. I'm afraid I haven't looked into why they use that kind of expression, though.""Herrings or mackerel or whatever, you're dodging the issue.""Actually what I'm doing is shifting the analogy," Oshima says. "One of the most effective methods of argument, according to Aristotle. The citizens of ancient Athens enjoyed using this kind of intellectual trick very much. It's a shame, though, that at the time women weren't included in the definition of 'citizen.'""Are you making fun of us?"Oshima shakes his head. "Look, what I'm trying to get across is this: I'm sure there are many more effective ways of making sure that Japanese women's rights are guaranteed than sniffing around a small library in a little town and complaining about the restrooms and the card catalog. We're doing our level best to see that this modest library of ours helps the community. We've assembled an outstanding collection for people who love books. And we do our utmost to put a human face on all our dealings with the public. You might not be aware of it, but this library's collection of poetry-related material from the 1910s to the mid-Showa period is nationally recognized. Of course there are things we could do better, and limits to what we can accomplish. But rest assured we're doing our very best. I think it'd be a whole lot better if you focus on what we do well than what we're unable to do. Isn't that what you call fair?
Jane Goodall|Each of you is a unique child of God. God knows you individually. He sends messages of encouragement, correction, and direction fitted to you and to your needs.
T.J. Dixon, Peter and the Heart of Alchemy|What was it about us, as humans, that drove us to make apologies for beautiful things?
Elizabeth Howell, Knowing, Not-Knowing and Sort-Of-Knowing: Psychoanalysis and the Experience of Uncertainty|Richard Gardner (2004), the creator of ‘‘parental alienation syndrome’’, considers that the ‘‘parental alienation syndrome (PAS) is primarily a disorder of childhood. The false memory syndrome (FMS) is a disorder of young adults, primarily women. They share in common a campaign of acrimony against a parent’’. In reality, these so-called syndromes are both used to discredit the testimony of individuals who claim to have been abused, sexually or otherwise. When adults report that they have recovered memories of childhood abuse, others may claim that they have false memory syndrome. When children do not repress or forget the abuse, if there is no period of amnesia, then some may claim that they have parental alienation syndrome (Ceci & Bruck, 1995; Dallam, 1999).
Bill Hader|'Wild Things' is saying, 'I don't have to belong anywhere. This is where I belong.' It's a place in the back of my mind that I created, and it's cool, and I love it here.
Sunday Adelaja|For a nation to be truly transformed, there must be movements, civil societies, NGOs that are spread all across the land to educate people on the issues of Personal Responsibility. If a nation or rather active citizens of a nation could successfully launch such campaigns and a good percentage of the populace begin to live by the principles of Personal Responsibility, which is “don’t blame others”, think of what you can do to fix it. Such a nation would cross the huddle of civilization in a record time.
Confucius|If you live a life of make-believe, your life isn't worth anything until you do something that does challenge your reality. And to me, sailing the open ocean is a real challenge, because it's life or death.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|You think I don’t know what I want? You think I love the idea of relying on my looks for life? No! It’s pathetic! In my head, I have a nice, quiet, normal job that involves me running my own business. I carry a briefcase around my office with important documents, I have a nice assistant who calls me boss, and people ask me questions—they ask for my advice because I matter! I’m important to them! I’m recognized as something more than a pretty face and a pair of legs. I have a brain and interests and thoughts about religion, and poverty, and economics. I’m not a miserable girl with a number attached to her chest, stripping her clothes off in a room full of people.
Ben Jonson, Volpone; Or, the Fox|You're perfectly safe. Emily is here to protect your virtue." "That's too bad.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|I don't see why there should be a point where everyone decides you're too old. I'm not too old, and until I decide I'm too old I'll never be too fucking old.
Mary J. Williams, If I Had You Christmas in Harper Falls|Over the years, we had been as cautious as blindfolded men feeling their way around a mysterious beast, trying to extrapolate what was between us without communicating the knowledge that would have illuminated everything. Until that morning, when we took the blindfolds off, and discovered we were face to face with each other.
Mike Scott|That was the river, this is the sea.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Have you ever had a shock in life? It takes great hope, faith and courage to bounce back.
Amy Witting, Isobel on the Way to the Corner Shop|Is it possible to cause so much misery to another human being, simply by being oneself? she wondered, feeling a reflection of that misery. No help for it; she must continue to be herself.
Jerry Bridges, Trusting God: Even When Life Hurts|Supporting God's Scriptural ability to give or restrain man's desires, Jerry Bridges points to an amazing verse tucked away in Exodus 34:24. As Israel's people abandon their defense entirely to have a feast before Him three times per year, God says the surrounding peoples will be entirely devoid of even the logical desire to possess their land.
Alexandre Dumas|Lovers, Lunatics and poets are made of same stuff.
Linda Ronstadt, Simple Dreams: A Musical Memoir|Sam said, Hey, you want to get high? Amy had taken his words to mean You are so beautiful I am undone by you.
Gillian Flynn, The Grownup|Books are temporary , dicks are forever
Ana Menéndez, The Last War: A Novel|Depression is not madness, it's just depression, the loser version, the low-energy response to bad stuff that happens in your life. When you're depressed, you think you're the only one to have ever tasted this kind of hurt. And that lonely self-regard brings with it its own painful pleasure.
Tahir Shah, Sorcerer's Apprentice|We seek to find peace of mind in the word, the formula, the ritual. The hope is illusion.
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|What if I shave?" he said. "I look much better when I'm shaved. My cousin will vouch for that—do I not look almost handsome when I shave, Edward? " He didn't wait for the duke's reply but turned earnestly back to Prudence. "Do you think you could marry me if I shaved?
Dominic Riccitello|When you look in the mirror, do you look at yourself or for yourself?
Raoul Vaneigem, The Revolution of Everyday Life|I know by my own experience how, from a stranger met by chance, there may come an irresistible appeal which overturns the habitual perspectives just as a gust of wind might tumble down the panels of a stage set - what had seemed near becomes infinitely remote and what had seemed distant seems to be close.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Sydney's the kind of port that leaves a mark on a sailor," the old man mused. "Really?" Haakon said, wondering what the man meant. "It did on me," he said, opening up his shirt to display his chest. It was covered with tattoos! At the top, SYDNEY was printed in elaborate red and blue letters. Beneath that was an enticing selection of names and dates. "Mary, 1838...Adella, 1840..." The old sailor began laughing. "Beatrice, 1843...Helen, 1846." And then finally, "Mother." There was no date after "Mother." "Mothers you love forever," he said. Everybody laughed then, including Haakon, though the thought brought some sadness to his heart. He did love his mother forever, and he missed her as well.
Dawn Steel|I'm excited to create more awareness about the importance of giving the youth of America a choice. There's a 24-hour music channel. There's a 24-hour comedy channel. I believe there's a 24-hour gay channel coming. Why isn't there a 24-hour Christian channel that's edgy and hip and cool and new and different, like all that other stuff?
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|People treat you with as much, or as little respect as you allow them to.
Dan Chaon, Ill Will|We are always telling stories to ourselves, about ourselves...But we can control those stories...I believe that! Events in our life have meaning because we choose to give it to them
Jennifer Gracen, More Than You Know|You have to forgive yourself for your past mistakes, and you have to forgive those that hurt you for what they did to you, or you're never going to fully move on.
Grace Willows|Elizabeth waited until he had left and then promptly burst into laughter. She couldn’t help it, she had been soaked, threatened by a skunk, attacked by a dog and now given a moral lesson by a man that had threatened her with a Winchester earlier. She couldn’t remember having a better day.
Deyth Banger|Yeah, I'm working on the 7 volume of "The Life Of One Kid", but the cover it's not written 7 volume...
George Saunders|The house was silent, but somewhere in the garden was a swimming pool filled with unsettled water.
Hermann Hesse|We must become so alone, so utterly alone, that we withdraw into our innermost self. It is a way of bitter suffering. But then our solitude is overcome, we are no longer alone, for we find that our innermost self is the spirit, that it is God, the indivisible. And suddenly we find ourselves in the midst of the world, yet undisturbed by its multiplicity, for our innermost soul we know ourselves to be one with all being.
Stephanie Laurens, The Taming of Ryder Cavanaugh|I have a request to make,my lord."He held her gaze; she could see him trying to decide what she might ask, but eventually he surrendered."And that is?""Take me to your bed.
Raneem Kayyali|We don't find love, love finds us. What you put out into the universe will find its way back to you.
Barbara Kingsolver|In Kilanga, people knew nothing of things they might have had - a Frigidaire? a washer-dryer combination? Really, they'd sooner imagine a tree that could pull up its feet and go bake bread. It didn't occur to them to feel sorry for themselves.
Brittany L. Engels, Kaptito Kero|Pico Mundo is a prosperous town. But no degree of prosperity can be sufficient to eliminate all misfortune, and sloth is impervious to opportunity.
Father Jacques Philippe|Psalm 57:1--Have mercy on me, my God, have mercy on me, for in you I take refuge. I will take refuge in the shadow of your wings until the disaster has passed.
Deborah Needleman, The Perfectly Imperfect Home: How to Decorate and Live Well|I ran, and I just kept running.	I wasn’t going to stop until I got back to my family; I wasn’t going to stop until I got home.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|Evolution has no moral direction. An evolutionary understanding of human nature can explain the differing intuitions we have when we are faced with an individual rather than with a mass of people, or with people close to us rather than with those far away, but it does not justify those feelings.
Scarlet Wolfe, One Plea|Give me your wrists, Alayna. I sense your impatience, and I know exactly where you intend for those hands to go.
Judith Butler|When someone says, 'I trusted you,' the phrase is loaded with all the actions that came from that trust: the person comes almost to embody trust, just as anyone who's always hustling can only be called a hustler.
Amelia Earhart|I wasn't a major in political science for nothing, so I understood the politics of beauty and the politics of race when it comes to the fashion industry.
Kamand Kojouri|What is this lovethat makes me see beauty,and makes every beautiful thing bring you back to me?What is this lovethat makes me declare 'I love you'even though I uttered itonly a moment ago?What is this love that keeps growing even when my chest is soreand it hurts to love you any more?Tell me:How am I to find what this love iswhen it was the one to find you, me, this verse, and this universe?
Charlie Bradbury|The last wendigo died in 1962, or so the story goes. Reputedly, he (it?) stood in front of the train to Churchill, Manitoba, believing that the train would stop for him, a supernatural being, and then he would be able to eat the passengers. The train ran him over. Sic transit gloria mundi.
G.K. Chesterton, Alarms and Discursions|Humour is meant, in a literal sense, to make game of man; that is, to dethrone him from his official dignity and hunt him like game.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|I think when we sleep, the world belongs to everyone still awake. Which means a shitload of the world belongs to Craig. ~Lio
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Give people room to be what God created them to be, don't force them to fit into your own mold
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|You once said you might not mind being by the president’s side,” he says. My libido goes crazy under that smile. His words husky, seducing me. The proximity of his mouth to my earlobe making my heart go haywire.“That was before,” I whisper worriedly.He captures my gaze with his powerful one. “Before you fell in love with me, or after?
James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Remember a Florida judge instructing a jury to focus only on the moment when George Zimmerman and Trayvon Marton interacted, thus transforming a seventeen-year-old, unarmed kid into a big, scary black guy, while the grown man who stalked him through the neighborhood with a loaded gun becomes a victim.
Gloria Goldreich, Dinner with Anna Karenina|They were readers for whom literature was a drug, each complex plot line delivering a new high, suspending them above reality, allowing them a magical crossover...They had spoken often, with rueful honesty, of how the books they read represented escape, offered pathways to literary landscapes that intrigued and engrossed...From childhood on, books had been the hot air balloons that carried them above the angry mutterings of quarreling parents, schoolyard rejections, academic boredom...They were of a kind, readers from birth.
Poppet, Ryan|Phoebe, don't play coy. If you were willing to give a peeping Tom a show, and you thought you were doing it for my benefit, then let's cut the pretend out of this and shoot straight for cold hard honesty
Mark Twain, The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain|Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.
Margaret Hamburg|My whole professional life has been dedicated to improving access, affordability, quality and choice of health care.
Stewart Lee|Did you slip in some cheese? Did it make you hate cheese, which you had previously loved? Why not sue a cheese-maker? Sue him for all the cheese he's got, drive him out of the cheese-making business!Did you burn your face with an iron? Why not sue Prometheus, the god that invented fire? Or an Iron Age chieftain, for having the temerity to popularise the metal.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|...it was hard to be a mother when you had never been mothered yourself. Your children's needs remind you of your needs. Their pain reminds you of your pain. All of it reminds you of how bad it felt, how hard it was, how much you wanted and needed and didn't get. It's very hard.
Tobey Maguire|Like the Earth, the Web is a less appealing place than it used to be. If I want attitude and arguing and meanness and profanity and wrong information screamed at me as gospel, I'll get in a time machine and spend Christmas with my family in 1977.
Emma Brynstein|As a devil's advocate Mr Neville was faultless. And yet, she knew, there was a flaw in his reasoning, just as there was a flaw in his ability to feel.
Edward T. Welch|Water is peaceful. I am at rest. In the water, I am safe and pulled in where I can't get out. Everything slows down-the noise and the racing of my thoughts.
Cynthia Mendenhall, Spunkify Your Life: 8 Secrets to Living with More Focus, Fascination, and Fun|You are a beautiful creation and were made like no one else. Your uniqueness is a pleasant gift you can give to the world if you are willing to define and live that out. And, it is the best gift you will ever give yourself.
Greg  Gordon, Uncompromising Faith: Brief Pen Sketches of George Whitefield, John Cennick, George Fox, and Henry Alline|So what's the problem?’‘No problem. There's no problem. Don't ever say what's the problem, nthat's the negative way of looking at things, you know like is the bottle half empty or half full, know what I mean, every problem is also an opportunity, the question here is what opportunity does this present us with?’‘It seems to me’, said Ernest stubbornly, ‘that this opportunity presents us with a problem. Is there a director that Virginia would like?
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Lady of the Pier - The Ebb|Only time would tell if this blazing fire would eventually die on the altar of ephemeral summer love, or if, by any chance, it had the power to kindle for a while, then light up anew, this time to burn forever more.
George Cukor|There are just certain things that turn my head. It may be a girl's sense of humor, it may be her wit, or her belief system; it could be a lot of different things.
Michael T. Flynn|I don't deny that there are problems in the intelligence world, but I would argue that in the UK we try to uphold the highest standards in the world.
Deyth Banger|If you're too specific, people will purposely mishear you so they can be outraged about whatever thing that usually outrages them.
Jim George|To please God, live a godly life and nurture kindness, compassion, justice, and humility.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The more you try to impress, the more you become depressed, and the more they get tired of your coercion. It doesn't make them love you, instead, they'll see you as a little child, trying to draw a senseless picture on a piece of paper, begging people to look at it and admire it by force. You can persuade someone to look at your face, but you can't persuade them to see the beauty therein.
Alexandra Stoddard, Grace Notes|He had always imagined that some sort of emotional mental equipment was meant to arrive, when he was forty-five, say, or fifty, a kind of kit that would enable him to deal with the impending loss of a parent. If he were only in possession of this equipment, he would be just fine. He would be noble and selfless, wise and philosophical. Perhaps he would even have kids of his own, and would presumably possess the kind of maturity that comes with fatherhood, the understanding of life as a process.
Scott Stabile|As much as I love to see the sun setting behind a city skyline,and to feel the pure majesty of a wild river or soaring mountain,and to fade, then disappear into a transcendent book, song or film,I am always most astounded, moved and transported by the warmthand kindness of a loving person. Always.
Trisha Wolfe, With Visions of Red|The dragon spits fire, what extinguishes its tears. When we live in rancor, we are born to be old. (Le dragon crache du feu, - Ce qui éteint ses larmes. - Quand on vit de rancune, - On naît pour être vieux.)
Sarah Hina, Plum Blossoms in Paris|Just tell me you don't love me, and I'll let the matter drop.""What?""What I said. Just say, 'Rai, I don't love you and I never will'. It's that simple.""Raisa, this is getting us nowhere.""Say it!
Dawn French|Family always gonna be there. The material things, they come and go.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|Life is about trusting, loving, growing and healing even in the hurts which can occur.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Right," said Fat Charlie conversationally. "You realize, of course, that this means war." It was the traditional war cry of a rabbit when pushed too far.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
Alexander the Great|But I love Halloween, and I love that feeling: the cold air, the spooky dangers lurking around the corner.
George Spencer-Brown|What's happening outside church walls is happening inside church walls. It is all part of the human experience. Ignorance and lack of education about sex, sexual orientation, gender identities, and human sexuality in general have led to harmful assumptions and poor pastoral counsel.
Dick Cheney|The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Be thankful for your achievements; be thankful for your accomplishments, no matter how big or small. Be thankful for the mind to complete the accomplishments. Be thankful for your past, present, and future. And know that if you are creating success stories you will find that average is how you began, above average is then where you will stand! Lest you forget the strong develop and improve; the weak get frantic, digress and deviate.
Fred Rogers, Life's Journeys According to Mister Rogers: Things to Remember Along the Way|I believe that at the center of the universe there dwells a loving spirit who longs for all that’s best in all of creation, a spirit who knows the great potential of each planet as well as each person, and little by little will love us into being more than we ever dreamed possible. That loving spirit would rather die than give up on any one of us.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Opportunity never arrives, it only walks by. Chance never comes, it only knocks at the door. Never think the success will jump into your palms; you must work for it!
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|[E]verywhere I'm looking at kids, adults mostly don't seem to like them, not even the parents do. They call the kids gorgeous and so cute, they make the kids do the thing all over again so they can take a photo, but they don't want to actually play with them, they'd rather drink coffee talking to other adults. Sometimes there's a small kid crying and the Ma of it doesn't even hear.
Jean M. Auel, The Mammoth Hunters|They speak very well of you".- "They speak very well of everybody."- "That so bad?"- "Yes. It means you can´t trust them.
Dylan Thomas|A good poem is a contribution to reality. The world is never the same once a good poem has been added to it. A good poem helps to change the shape of the universe, helps to extend everyone's knowledge of himself and the world around him.
Christa Allan, Walking on Broken Glass|It made one mad, for pleasure; and we could not take our eyes from him, and the looks that went out of our eyes came from our hearts, and their dumb speech was worship.
Lisa Kessler, Wolf Moon|We weren’t allies, but not being enemies was close enough for me.
Marguerite Young|I studied poetry in college and for a year in an MFA program. As time went on, my poems got more and more complicated. What I was really trying to do was tell stories.
John Paul Warren|Too many in the Church today are likes babies in the nursery,they put everything in their mouth.
Kenya Wright, Escape|Do you know how hard it’s been to not fuck you this whole journey?" he asked inside my head.“Why can’t I make love to you? Your husband sent you off to breed with a vampire.” Samuel’s fangs retracted. “Last time I checked, I was a vampire.
Siobhan Davis, Beyond Reach|Zane looks pensive, and then his lips twitch. “They say most girls end up marrying a guy just like their dad.”“Oh God … That’s so lame,” I say, spluttering as coffee dribbles down my chin. “I believe it’s a tried and tested theory,” he says, standing up and wiping my chin with the back of his hand. I jolt at his touch.“Now it’s a theory? I thought it was a saying? Next you’ll be telling me it’s a fact.” I flop back down on the couch.“Empirical evidence shows that sixty-eight percent of girls marry a guy who displays similar personality traits to her father ...” His voice trails off as I shake my head. “What?” he asks, his palms open and raised.“You really need to get out more. Where’d you glean that interesting nugget? The desperate men’s journal perhaps?
H. Beam Piper, Little Fuzzy|It was a bland, tranquilized, life-adjusted, group-integrated sort of face -- the face turned out in thousands of copies every year by the educational production lines on Terra.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Yet if he had been asked… if he were happy… He would have admitted readily enough that he was uncomfortable, that he was cold, and badly fed, and venomous; that his clothes were in rags, and his feet and knees and elbows raw and bleeding through much walking and crawling; that he was in ever-present peril of life, and that he really did not expect to survive the adventure he was about to thrust himself into voluntarily, but all this had nothing to do with happiness: that was something he never stopped to think about.
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|…In this way that he sought to control the very passage of his life, deftly and without forethought, yet precisely and with enormous care. Part of it was to allow what was enormous, what was profound, without limiting it.
Thea Harrison, Serpent's Kiss|Been there, done that. I’m sure I’ve got a T-shirt somewhere to prove it.
Francesca Castagnoli, Princess: You Know Who You Are|Of course, I'd like to have fake legs. I would dance with a boy and then afterwards pull up my dress to show him my fake legs, just to watch him fall over from the shock of it. I'd do that with a hundred boys until I found the one who got down on his knees and kissed my fake legs. That's how I would know I found the right person
Leon Uris, QB VII|For an instant he was able to cross the line and understand this strange loyalty of Jew to Jew. Those Jews who lived free in England were only there due to some quirk of fate instead of Aushwitz and every Jew knew that genocide could have happened to his own family except for that quirk of fate.Yet, as time stood suspended, Gilray was all gentiles who never quite understood Jews. He could befriend them, work with them, but never totally understand them. He was all white men who could never quite understand black men and all black men who could never quite understand whites. He was all normal men who could tolerate or even defend homosexuals...but never fully understand them.There is in us all that line that prevents us from fully understanding those who are different. 
K.J. Charles, A Fashionable Indulgence|Some experimenters have reported that an angry face “pops out” of a crowd of happy faces, but a single happy face does not stand out in an angry crowd. The brains of humans and other animals contain a mechanism that is designed to give priority to bad news.
Carl Sagan|Whatever we are, whatever we make of ourselves, is all we will ever have – and that, in its profound simplicity, is the meaning of life.
James Ferron Anderson, TERMINAL CITY|Guys, close your eyes.Imagine you have a daughter. Imagine she is dating a guy like you. Did you smile? No?Then change.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|Believe me, I may be a bit blasé, but I can still get any man I want.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Let’s face it: suffering discredits goodness. I’m agnostic in practice though faith-based in theory. I used to pray but now know he’ll do what he darn well pleases when he darn well pleases. Will he listen? Maybe. We have a book that says so, but how much happens beyond that book, I can’t say. That’s agnosticism in its bleakest and most honest form. Don’t judge me, yet believe me when I tell you that years of abuse tend to wring out every ounce of one’s ability to understand and adhere to faith in standard form.
Sarah Vowell|Still, compared to him, compared to the people we descend from, I am free of history. I'm so free of history I have to get in a car and drive seven states to find it.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|Write what disturbs you, what you fear, what you have not been willing to speak about. Be willing to be split open.
George M. Church|A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss.
Kipjo Kenyatta Ewers, Eye of Ra|She held out her hands, palms up, the white fingers lightly spread, and with a barely audible click, ten double-edged, four-centimeter scalpel blades slid from their housings beneath the burgundy nails.She smiled. The blades slowly withdrew.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|So, a little advice. Relax. You're not filling a job position. You're looking for a pleasant acquaintance.. who might become a good friend... who turns out to be attractive to your senses... and a rewarding lover... then a committed partner whose heart will not stray. If you don't see those signposts and in that order, then you're probably on the wrong road and getting more lost with every step.
Dada Bhagwan|Soul (Atma) remains very far from where kashays (anger-pride-deceit-greed) are created, the Soul is quite far from there. Where there is absence of kashays, there lies the ‘religion of Vitrags (the enlightened ones)’, and where kashays are present, lies the ‘relative religion’!
M.E. Thomas, Confessions of a Sociopath: A Life Spent Hiding in Plain Sight|I'm an 'intelligent' sociopath. I don't have problems with drugs, I don't commit crimes, I don't take pleasure in hurting people, and I don't typically have relationship problems. I do have a complete lack of empathy. But I consider that an advantage, most of the time. Do I know the difference between right and wrong, and do I want to be good? Sure. ... A peaceful and orderly world is a more comfortable world for me to live in. So do I avoid breaking the law because it's 'right'? No, I avoid breaking the law because it makes sense.
S.J. Kincaid|I love you" he said. I did not say anything. What could I say? If i said i love you too, i had perpetual punishment for being a liar.
Alex Kudera, Frade Killed Ellen|I was once driven north along Central Park, all the way from Chinatown. We hailed the cab in front of a building where Orthodox Jews still lived, so they shut down an elevator on Saturdays. In the taxi, I was with my mother. We were visiting her aunt, my great aunt, who was 93. She had no memory of the old country, Lithuania, but she'd been born there. Her parents escaped the pogroms so she could survived a century here. Her American prosperity was half a century of subsistence wages and thirty years of Medicare in an elevator building. The old country for the cab driver was Bangladesh, and he was a talker. He'd just graduated from college, and his prospects were good. He'd majored in a practical field, network engineering or something like that. Young and optimistic, he spoke fluent English. His big idea was to keep his countrymen out of the United States. America was great, but if he got overrun with foreigners, his kind in particular, it would be ruined. "Bangladesh is hot and crowded. Why would want to make America like that." He said this in all sincerity.
Lewis Black|Not enough info makes for a lot of dead cats.""Dead cats?""You know, 'Curiosity killed the cat.' And I have enough curiosity to start a feline genocide.""Feline genocide?""Yeah. If you don't explain Apollo, the cat kingdom will crumble. Cats all over the world will suddenly plop down in unmoving masses of fur, their food will dry up in smelly chunks of fish, and when people call, 'Here, kitty kitty kitty,' no cats will come running; they'll just-" Walter suddenly stopped."What's wrong?" Ashley asked.Walter stared straight ahead. "I just realized . . . if all those things happened, no one would notice the difference." ~Walter~
Debasish Mridha|A pen, a piece of white paper, and an idea can create a new you.
Hilari Bell, Rise of a Hero|For better or worse, she was the lady Soraya. And the lady Soraya would never dream of missing the warm bulk of Casia's body between her and the hearth, or the comforting drone of Ludo's snores. Or the wry laughter of a slave... a slave, for Azura's sake! The lady Soraya needed no one. The lady Soraya cried herself to sleep.
Munia Khan|A lie has many colours, while white is the only faithful colour of truth.
Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka|Life works with balance. If you give and receive out of giving, you create a balance with life. You serve life, before you expect life to serve you.
J.R. Rim|In short, the community on Facebook is the lazy kind. Whereas true community requires hard work ("love one another earnestly," writes Peter), social media provide us a kind of community that requires little of us. 'In other words,' writes Malcolm Gladwell, 'Facebook activism succeeds not by motivating people to make a real sacrifice but by motivating them to do the things that people do when they are not motivated enough to make a real sacrifice.
Edith Schaeffer, What Is a Family?|There is something about saying, ‘We always do this,’ which helps keep the years together. Time is such an elusive thing that if we keep on meaning to do something interesting, but never do it, year would follow year with no special thoughtfulness being expressed in making gifts, surprises, charming table settings, and familiar food. Tradition is a good gift intended to guard the best gifts.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|It took me some time to sleep last night, I lowered the temp of AC that it might help but still it took a while, while coming back from Fajr I saw a street sweeper sleeping on the road near the wall of a big house behind a parked car, it was 29C without any breeze and he was in deep sleep with snoring loud enough to be audible 10 feet away, surely our perception of things which will bestow us with peace is clouded
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Books are really places, make no mistake about that.
Andy Weir|I'm guilty of being fascinated by gadgets and toys and technology, but any penny that I spend, I try to make it be a part of what I do for a living. Because then you are forwarding. You are forwarding that art, forwarding that career ahead.
Atul Purohit|To be honest with you, I don't have the words to make you feel better, but I do have the arms to give you a hug, ears to listen to whatever you want to talk about, and I have a heart; a heart that's aching to see you smile again.lines from Love Vs Destiny...
Jonathan Saccone-Joly|Sometimes it's like: If something terrifies you, you should totally do it BECAUSE it terrifies you. And then you'll do it and you'll realise what you're capable of.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Uncertainty: How to Live in the Mystery of Life and Love It|Why do we resist the mystery that change brings? When we get too rigid and inflexible, rigor mortis of the soul sets in. For proof of this, we need look no further than to those who choose to stay in a relationship or job long after the soul, or life force, that originally brought it passion and joy has vacated the premises.
Katie McGarry, Chasing Impossible|Have you thought of doing it? Being a cattle farmer? If that's what it's called? I think we should do that, but replace cattle with bunnies and then we don't milk or eat the bunnies. We just let them multiply. Then we'll take over the world. Me the queen. You the king. Our bunnies the army nobody can defeat.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy
Brit Hume|The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.
Saint Ignatius|For me, Batman is the one that can most clearly be taken seriously. He's not from another planet, or filled with radioactive gunk. I mean, Superman is essentially a god, but Batman is more like Hercules: he's a human being, very flawed, and bridges the divide.
Dean Koontz, From the Corner of His Eye|It’s a cruel fact of war that it takes little more than applying pressure to one finger to end another person’s life. More than that, it’s a cruel fact of life that we are hardwired to follow the crowd in a moment of panic.
Antonia Perdu|How many rooms are there in the chambers of your heart? How many rooms full of memories can you describe like the one I’m going to tell you about. You know how you left him don’t you? The man you were so in love with once. Bing Cherry Silk. Another man left those for you didn’t he? And you put them on, just like I did.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invision|..All of us are vulnerable to intense, non-productive angry reactions in our current relationships if we do not deal openly and directly with emotional issues from our first family—in particular, losses and cutoffs. If we do not observe and understand how our triangles operate, our anger can keep us stuck in the past, rather than serving as an incentive and guide to form more productive relationship patterns for the future.
François de La Rochefoucauld|Passion often makes a madman of the cleverest man, and renders the greatest fools clever.
Jennifer E. Smith|You could tell a lot about someone by the way they carried a secret-by how safe they kept it, how soon they told, the way they acted when they were trying to keep it from spilling out.
Taranpreet Singh|What we think & how we think plays a major role in creating the life we live. If you want to change your life, change the way you look at things around.
Akansh Malik|Every text session my crush introduce me with a new quality in her crush, and trust me it's crushing my emotions...!!
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Actually, all the life we keep deceiving eachother. Because, life is too short to hate someone.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|and so will the world end, I think, a victim of love rather than hate. For love's ever been the more destructive weapon, sure.
John Keats|If nature has composed the human body so that in its proportions the seperate individual elements answer to the total form, then the Ancients seem to have had reason to decide that bringing their creations to full completion likewise required a correspondence bewteen the measure of individual elements and the appearance of the work as a whole.
Yasmine Galenorn, Night Vision|Security ... what does this word mean in relation to life as we know it today? For the most part, it means safety and freedom from worry. It is said to be the end that all men strive for; but is security a utopian goal or is it another word for rut?Let us visualize the secure man; and by this term, I mean a man who has settled for financial and personal security for his goal in life. In general, he is a man who has pushed ambition and initiative aside and settled down, so to speak, in a boring, but safe and comfortable rut for the rest of his life. His future is but an extension of his present, and he accepts it as such with a complacent shrug of his shoulders. His ideas and ideals are those of society in general and he is accepted as a respectable, but average and prosaic man. But is he a man? has he any self-respect or pride in himself? How could he, when he has risked nothing and gained nothing? What does he think when he sees his youthful dreams of adventure, accomplishment, travel and romance buried under the cloak of conformity? How does he feel when he realizes that he has barely tasted the meal of life; when he sees the prison he has made for himself in pursuit of the almighty dollar? If he thinks this is all well and good, fine, but think of the tragedy of a man who has sacrificed his freedom on the altar of security, and wishes he could turn back the hands of time. A man is to be pitied who lacked the courage to accept the challenge of freedom and depart from the cushion of security and see life as it is instead of living it second-hand. Life has by-passed this man and he has watched from a secure place, afraid to seek anything better What has he done except to sit and wait for the tomorrow which never comes?Turn back the pages of history and see the men who have shaped the destiny of the world. Security was never theirs, but they lived rather than existed. Where would the world be if all men had sought security and not taken risks or gambled with their lives on the chance that, if they won, life would be different and richer? It is from the bystanders (who are in the vast majority) that we receive the propaganda that life is not worth living, that life is drudgery, that the ambitions of youth must he laid aside for a life which is but a painful wait for death. These are the ones who squeeze what excitement they can from life out of the imaginations and experiences of others through books and movies. These are the insignificant and forgotten men who preach conformity because it is all they know. These are the men who dream at night of what could have been, but who wake at dawn to take their places at the now-familiar rut and to merely exist through another day. For them, the romance of life is long dead and they are forced to go through the years on a treadmill, cursing their existence, yet afraid to die because of the unknown which faces them after death. They lacked the only true courage: the kind which enables men to face the unknown regardless of the consequences.As an afterthought, it seems hardly proper to write of life without once mentioning happiness; so we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|Fatally, the term 'barbarian' is the password that opens up the archives of the twentieth century. It refers to the despiser of achievement, the vandal, the status denier, the iconoclast, who refuses to acknowledge any ranking rules or hierarchy. Whoever wishes to understand the twentieth century must always keep the barbaric factor in view. Precisely in more recent modernity, it was and still is typical to allow an alliance between barbarism and success before a large audience, initially more in the form of insensitive imperialism, and today in the costumes of that invasive vulgarity which advances into virtually all areas through the vehicle of popular culture. That the barbaric position in twentieth-century Europe was even considered the way forward among the purveyors of high culture for a time, extending to a messianism of uneducatedness, indeed the utopia of a new beginning on the clean slate of ignorance, illustrates the extent of the civilizatory crisis this continent has gone through in the last century and a half - including the cultural revolution downwards, which runs through the twentieth century in our climes and casts its shadow ahead onto the twenty-first.
Christine Fonseca, Libera Me|She opens her eyes as the fury continues, pinning me with her glare. Her gaze reached into my soul as I spin the music back to the simple melody at its core—our melody. A moment of recognition washes over her, followed by regret, fear, terror. An entire kaleidoscope of emotions exists within a single heartbeat.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Women, oh, women! They'll find the baddest meanin' in your words an' hold it up, sayin', Look what you attacked me with!
Bryson Tiller|When you think of bike couriers, you think of hyper speed. They get paid by how fast they can drop stuff off. The faster you go, the more chances you take. And the more chances you take, the greater the war between cyclists and cars.
C. JoyBell C.|We are fast moving into something, we are fast flung into something like asteroids cast into space by the death of a planet, we the people of earth are cast into space like burning asteroids and if we wish not to disintegrate into nothingness we must begin to now hold onto only the things that matter while letting go of all that doesn't. For when all of our dust and ice deteriorates into the cosmos we will be left only with ourselves and nothing else. So if you want to be there in the end, today is the day to start holding onto your children, holding onto your loved ones; onto those who share your soul. Harbor and anchor into your heart justice, truth, courage, bravery, belief, a firm vision, a steadfast and sound mind. Be the person of meaningful and valuable thoughts. Don't look to the left, don't look to the right; we simply don't have the time. Never be afraid of fear.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Love is the great test of the human. The human is tested by our ability to withstand love. Love is so difficult, it is so challenging, it demands of us that we wreck it with ourselves. It demands of us an honesty that few of us could sustain.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|The gap (between intellectuals and politicians) divides writing hands, talking heads and thinking minds of this country into two sections. One section flaunts academic achievements to make up for shortfalls in intelligence. The other asserts intelligence to camouflage deficiencies in academic excellence. In short, our intellectuals are torn by the dilemma whether they ought to carry their brains in their mouths, or mouths in their brains.
Vinita Kinra|Life will be felt so "flat" without passion .
Erik Bundy, Magic and Murder Among the Dwarves|No need to fret, pretty one. I hoped to catch you alone here
kjforce|What is the meaning of "APPARENT "...? You will know the meaning when you become one...
Jo Victor, Romance by the Book|Cam knew that if she succeeded, it was going to destroy her, but she could worry about that later. All she had to do at the moment was cut her own heart out without letting the wound show too much; she'd have plenty of time to bleed after Alex had gone.
Anne Lamott|... when editors were flattered, they would sometimes give in on some of their mad ideas.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But when States did debase the coinage, it was always from purely fiscal motives. The government needed financial help, that was all; it was not concerned with questions of currency policy.
Latika Teotia|Thinking well of others, praying for them may or may not change them, but you will, for sure, experience peace and love.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin, like a deadly cancer, has invaded every area of our lives: our bodies, our minds, our emotions, our wills—everything.
Gerald L. Sittser|It's at moments like these in a game that the essentials of his character are exposed: narrow, ineffectual, stupid—and morally so. The game becomes an extended metaphor of character defect. Every error he makes is so profoundly, so irritatingly typical of himself, instantly familiar, like a signature, like a tissue scar or some deformation in a private place.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|Want of imagination makes things unreal enough to be destroyed. By imagination I mean knowledge and love. I mean compassion. People of power kill children, the old send the young to die, because they have no imagination. They have power. Can you have power and imagination at the same time? Can you kill people you don’t know and have compassion for them at the same time?
Esther Verhoef, Close-up|It has struck me that people seldom listen to the meaning of underlying words.There are only a few people who recognize the silence beyond the scream,the gentle weeping that hides beyond tough statements.They hear only the words,the sentences,when there is so much more to take in.People who are too self-absorbed to notice,really see or fathom others.Often,they don't even know themselves.
Sudeb Gharami|Love more than you loved your ex-girlfriend, if your present girlfriend feels your feeling then you will feel most happiest moment than your ex-gf.
Onaiza Khan, Caged|Stop, stop pretty water!"Said Mary one dayTo a frolicsome brookThat was running away."You run on so fast!I wish you would stay;My boat and my flowersYou will carry away.But I will run after:Mother says that I may;For I would know whereYou are running way."So Mary ran on;But I have heard say,That she never could findWhere the brook ran away.
Henry David Thoreau|I don't design clothes, I design dreams.
A.A. Attanasio|You are consciousness itself -- not the objects of consciousness. They used clear-color prisms and waterdrums to help him relax. You have a body, but you are not your body. You are the awareness of your body. You have thoughts, but you are not your thoughts. You have feelings, but you are not they. Who are you?
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|It might be easy to make a decision, but dealing with the hardships it brings is anything but simple.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|If you cannot teach me to fly, teach me to sing.
Keri Arthur, Embraced by Darkness|Everything I know, everything I put in my fiction, will hurt someone somewhere as surely as it will comfort and enlighten someone else. What then is my responsibility? What am I to restrain? What am I to fear and alter--my own nakedness or the grief of the reader? I want my stories to be so good they are unforgettable; to make my ideas live and my own terrors real for people I will never meet. It is a completely amoral writer's lust. If we begin to agree that some ideas are too dangerous, too bad to invite inside our heads, then we stop the storyteller completely. We silence everyone who would tell us something that might be painful in our vulnerable moments.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|Poetry is an awareness of the world, a particular way of relating to reality.
Dada Bhagwan|When you do pratikraman after conflict, the conflict is erased. When you give rise to new conflicts, the energies that had arisen will disappear again.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|She collapsed at the bottom of the trail, at the edge of the ghost town. Dekka sat on Edilio and pressed down on the wound. The force of the blood was weaker now. She could almost hold the blood back now, not a good thing, no, because it meant he was almost finished, his brave heart almost done beating.Dekka looked up straight into the glittering eyes of a coyote. She could sense the others around her, closing in. Wary but sensing that a fresh meal was close at hand.
Vernon Law|The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'
Steve Maraboli|She sat there reading; cool, calm and collected. "You could ruin his life with that information," her friend reported triumphantly. The woman sighed, clearly annoyed at being interrupted. "If I did he would never forget me," she replied. "Besides...I don't care enough about his life to concern myself with what he does with it as long as he doesn't concern himself with thoughts of me." Her friend furrowed her brows. "Why?" she asked. The woman set her book down, leaned forward provocatively and said, "Because then I'd have to think of him too.
Dennis Lehane, Since We Fell|...you have to bear witness to your dead. You simply have to. You have to step into their energy field of whatever remains of their spirit, their soul, their essence and let it pass through your body. And in the passing, maybe a wisp of it adheres to you, grafts itself to your cells. And in this communion, the dead continue to live. Or strive to.
Stephen King|The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
Greg Mortenson|I am a military police officer and I have served on two deployments; my first was to Iraq, in a medical unit, and my second deployment was to Kuwait, as a military police platoon leader.
Debasish Mridha|My ego drives me nuts. It asks me to be competitive, creative, and smart.
James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice|I ripped all her clothes off. She twisted and turned, slow, so they would slip out from under her. Then she closed her eyes and lay back on the pillow. Her hair was falling over her shoulders in snaky curls. Her eye was all black, and her breasts weren’t drawn up and pointing up at me, but soft, and spread out in two big pink splotches. She looked like the great grandmother of every whore in the world. The devil got his money’s worth that night.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Demon pox, oh demon poxJust how is it acquired?One must go down to the bad part of townUntil one is very tired.Demon pox, oh demon pox, I had it all along—Not the pox, you foolish blocks,I mean this very song—For I was right, and you were wrong!""Will!" Charlotte shouted over the noise, "Have you LOST YOUR MIND? CEASE THAT INFERNAL RACKET! Jem—" Jem, rising to his feet, clapped his hands over Will's mouth. "Do you promise to be quiet?" he hissed into his friend's ear.Will nodded, blue eyes blazing. Tessa was staring at him in amazement; they all were. She had seen Will many things—amused, bitter, condescending, angry, pitying—but never giddy before.Jem let him go. "All right, then."Will slid to the floor, his back against the armchair, and threw up his arms. "A demon pox on all your houses!" he announced, and yawned."Oh, God, weeks of pox jokes," said Jem. "We're in for it now.
Grace Willows, Heart of Stone|Seth shrugged. "He's already had his funeral pyre" He glanced towards "I reckon the Devil himself was there to welcome Daniel home. " He shuddered, "Course he may prove to be too mean for the devil himself.
T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets|Those lips that Love's own hand did makeBreathed forth the sound that said, 'I hate'To me that languished for her sake,But, when she saw my woeful state,Straight in her heart did mercy come,Chiding that tongue that ever sweetWas used in giving gentle doom,And taught it thus anew to greet:'I hate,' she altered with an endThat followed it as gentle dayDoth follow night, who like a fiendFrom Heaven to Hell is flown away.'I hate' from hate away she threwAnd saved my life, saying 'not you'.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|God, who am I?
John E. Douglas|I have read of a gentleman who owned a so fine house in London, and when he went for months of summer to Switzerland and lock up his house, some burglar came and broke window at back and got in. Then he went and made open the shutters in front and walk out and in through the door, before the very eyes of the police. Then he have an auction in that house, and advertise it, and put up big notice; and when the day come he sell off by a great auctioneer all the goods of that other man who own them. Then he go to a builder, and he sell him that house, making an agreement that he pull it down and take all away within a certain time. And your police and other authority help him all they can. And when that owner come back from his holiday in Switzerland he find only an empty hole where his house had been. This was all done en règle; and in our work we shall be en règle too. We shall not go so early that the policemen who have then little to think of, shall deem it strange; but we shall go after ten o’clock, when there are many about, and such things would be done were we indeed owners of the house.
Justin Cronin, The Twelve|I will murder you by the billions to give you immortality. I will set fire to your civilization to light your way forward. But know this: My species is not defined by your dying, but by your living.
Kathrine Switzer, 26.2: Marathon Stories|For such is the nature of man, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned; Yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves: For they see their own wit at hand, and other mens at a distance.
Arthur Miller|I developed a mechanism so that whatever mistakes I made, I would bounce straight back. Whatever was happening off the pitch, I could put it to one side and maintain my form. Call it mental resilience or a strong mind, but that is what we mean when we talk about experience in a football team.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Chemo-Therapist: How Cancer Cured a Marriage|Bad news doesn't hurt as much, if you hear it in good company. It's like, if somebody pushes you out of a 5th floor window and you bounce off an awning, a car roof, and a pile of plastic garbage bags before you smash onto the pavement, you've got a pretty good chance of surviving.
David Harewood|I don't go to New York. I don't go to parties. I just do my business and study nature. My career is 28 years in an obscure art school, with limited staff and no perks. All I am is a teacher.
Yol Swan, The Indigo Journals: Spiritual Healing For Indigo Adults & Other Feminine Souls|You're an infinite soul, a spark of Consciousness, and your perception is a creative decision you're continuously making.
Clarice Lispector, The Hour of the Star|Ela acreditava em anjo e, porque acreditava, eles existiam" | "She believed in angels, and, because she believed, they existed
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|The paradigm of Western culture is that the essence of persons is dangerous; thus, they must be taught, guided and controlled by those with superior authority.
Walter M. Miller|After twelve centuries, a little hope had come into the world - and then came an illiterate prince to ride roughshod over it with a barbarian horde and...
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|The Leningrad Public Library remained open throughout the siege and became a place for people to congregate. People came to the library to read, even when weak from cold and exhaustion . . . Some died in their places, with a book propped in front of them . . . In the course of the war, the librarians greatly expanded the collection, purchasing books from the starving, who were desperate to sell anything for food. Some of the city's librarians scoured bombed ruins for volumes, scrabbling over the piles of brick with their backpacks full of salvaged books.
Mario Monti|There is something discordant about a team of speechwriters and political operatives hammering away to create an image of the 'real, inner' candidate. And, to be blunt, there is no necessary connection between a moving life experience and the skills necessary for leadership.
L.M. Montgomery|I hear the Wind Woman running with soft, soft footsteps over the hill. I shall always think of the wind as a personality. She is a shrew when she blows from the north -- a lonely seeker when she blows from the east -- a laughing girl when she comes from the west -- and tonight from the south a little grey fairy.
E.S. Fourie|Although distortion of the past is widespread, the most common travesty is one of omission, wherein populist leaders neglect to mention the crimes committed by their own side or recollect them in such a way that evades accepting full responsibility. That politicians are so able to evoke historical arguments in these ways results from a prior failure of the society to engage in a full and frank encounter with past wrongdoings.
Michael Douglas|There's this little box that African-American actors have to work in, in the first place, and I was able to rise above that box. I could have done a bunch of movies where I stayed as the Axel Foley or Reggie Hammond persona. But I didn't want to be doing the same thing all the time. Every now and then, you crash and burn, but that's part of it.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|I knew in that moment, I would never love anyone in my life the way I loved Evan Mathews.
Quetzal|The path’s been set ,The way has been pointed out to me,I need strength to walk, and make the first step,I need the light to see, and wisdom to discern,I need Evil and God, The path’s been set for me to follow,The way has been pointed out to me,I need courage, and hope, Time to unleash the beast, and set the dragon free,Time to rise and defy Death, Time to defeat Satan, and destroy God,Time for war and violence, time to love and kill,Time to tame the demons of the mind,Time to cut the angel’s wingsTime to show your fangs and claws to the Devil,I need courage, I need hope,I need strength to slit the devil's throat Give me Satan, Give me God,Give me death, give me life,The path is been set for me to follow
Martin Luther King, Jr.|There is one God, and He made both Indians and white men. We were all made out of the dust of the earth.
Nandhiji, Mastery of Consciousness: Awaken the Inner Prophet: Liberate Yourself with Yogic Wisdom.|2.	Evolve and Be God: As we invoke the presence of Source, holding the focus through our mantras, we are drawing more and more proximity to the object of worship and gradually, we attain all the attributes we are invoking, i.e., we slowly evolve to be Angelic, invoking the presence of God/Source.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Most of the pubs had barred Des, but he came in to the Tiger bar and he points to me and says, ‘And you, out! I want you by the back of the car park.’ So I obliged him and proceeded to kick the poor cunt all around the car park, he ended up in hospital for a week! Eventually, when he came out of hospital he said that I was the best thing that had happened to him, I’d cured him!
Jean-Paul Sartre|Men and women who had worn suits for decades traded punches powerful enough to crush elephant skulls, dodged and deflected attacks too fast for the eye to follow, and died suddenly, often before the crowd registered the killing blow.Victors and dead men were separated by a blink of the eye.
Sunday Adelaja|To Have An Attitude Of Thanksgiving To God Is To Bring Health For Your Spirit, Soul And Body
Holly Black, White Cat|Indeed, to this day, I think if you blame everything on the government, you're not just wrong, you're being reckless. It's as silly as blaming everything on the Freemasons, or the Illuminati, or insert-bad-guy-here. But I do believe that someone must ask the hard questions, especially of our elected officials as well as powerful men who become members of so-called secret societies. Remember: Governments don't lie. People lie. And if you want the real story, you need to find out more about those people.
Dada Bhagwan|Charity (Daan) means to make another living being happy, whether it is a human being or some animals, giving happiness to them, that is what is called Charity. When you give happiness to everyone, happiness will indeed come to you in its ‘reaction’. If you give happiness then you immediately receive happiness just sitting at home.
The Walking Dead|Humanity is becoming hopeless, everyone is looking to something with internet capability for everything, heck some people have gone as far as finding someone to love through the internet, if we were to lose electricity forever, I doubt that many people would survive, because people would just be helpless, because they can't look up how to survive on their phone, and they don't even know what a book is, so they can't go and find one about survival, and if they do know, they wouldn't know how to use it because they are used to touching their screens and the book turning the pages, and when the food in stores would go bad, they wouldn't know how to fend for themselves, or how to skin animals, or find good edible plants, so we must pray that we will never lose our electronics, or humanity is doomed.
Richie Norton|Never trust a person that tries to sell you by how righteous they are. I'm telling your right now, it's a scam.
Patricia Ireland|I want to organize so that women see ourselves as people who are entitled to power, entitled to leadership.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|But what I would like to know," says Albert, "is whether there would not have been a war if the Kaiser had said No.""I'm sure there would," I interject, "he was against it from the ﬁrst.""Well, if not him alone, then perhaps if twenty or thirty people in the world had said No.""That's probable," I agree, "but they damned well said Yes.""It's queer, when one thinks about it," goes on Kropp, "we are here to protect our fatherland. And the French are over there to protect their fatherland. Now who's in the right?""Perhaps both," say I without believing it."Yes, well now," pursues Albert, and I see that he means to drive me into a corner, "but our professors and parsons and newspapers say that we are the only ones that are right, and let's hope so;--but the French professors and parsons and newspapers say that the right is on their side, now what about that?""That I don't know," I say, "but whichever way it is there's war all the same and every month more countries coming in."Tjaden reappears. He is still quite excited and again joins the conversation, wondering just how a war gets started."Mostly by one country badly offending another," answers Albert with a slight air of superiority.Then Tjaden pretends to be obtuse. "A country? I don't follow. A mountain in Germany cannot offend a mountain in France. Or a river, or a wood, or a ﬁeld of wheat.""Are you really as stupid as that, or are you just pulling my leg?" growls Kropp, "I don't mean that at all. One people offends the other--""Then I haven't any business here at all," replies Tjaden, "I don't feel myself offended.""Well, let me tell you," says Albert sourly, "it doesn't apply to tramps like you.""Then I can be going home right away," retorts Tjaden, and we all laugh, "Ach, man! he means the people as a whole, the State--" exclaims Mller."State, State"--Tjaden snaps his ﬁngers contemptuously, "Gendarmes, police, taxes, that's your State;--if that's what you are talking about, no, thank you.""That's right," says Kat, "you've said something for once, Tjaden. State and home-country, there's a big difference.""But they go together," insists Kropp, "without the State there wouldn't be any home-country.""True, but just you consider, almost all of us are simple folk. And in France, too, the majority of men are labourers, workmen, or poor clerks. Now just why would a French blacksmith or a French shoemaker want to attack us? No, it is merely the rulers. I had never seen a Frenchman before I came here, and it will be just the same with the majority of Frenchmen as regards us. They weren't asked about it any more than we were.""Then what exactly is the war for?" asks Tjaden.Kat shrugs his shoulders. "There must be some people to whom the war is useful.""Well, I'm not one of them," grins Tjaden."Not you, nor anybody else here.""Who are they then?" persists Tjaden. "It isn't any use to the Kaiser either. He has everything he can want already.""I'm not so sure about that," contradicts Kat, "he has not had a war up till now. And every full-grown emperor requires at least one war, otherwise he would not become famous. You look in your school books.""And generals too," adds Detering, "they become famous through war.""Even more famous than emperors," adds Kat."There are other people back behind there who proﬁt by the war, that's certain," growls Detering."I think it is more of a kind of fever," says Albert. "No one in particular wants it, and then all at once there it is. We didn't want the war, the others say the same thing--and yet half the world is in it all the same.
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|All cat stories start with this statement: "My mother, who was the first cat, told me this...
Agatha Christie, And Then There Were None|In the land of the seeing, blind Lady Justice is Queen.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|Her future, she thought, was likely to be worse than her past, for after her years of contented renunciation, she had slipped back into desire and longing; she found joyless days of distasteful occupation harder and harder; she found the image of the intense and varied life she yearned for, and despaired of, becoming more and more importunate.
Mark Twain|I said there was nothing so convincing to an Indian as a general massacre. If he could not approve of the massacre, I said the next surest thing for an Indian was soap and education. Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run; because a half-massacred Indian may recover, but if you educate him and wash him, it is bound to finish him some time or other.
Robert Musil, The Confusions of Young Törless|We sometimes have a flash of understanding that amounts to the insight of genius, and yet it slowly withers, even in our hands - like a flower. The form remains, but the colours and the fragrance are gone.
Connie Willis, Passage|The major problem of the world is, most of the people are unjustifiably angry and very few are loving.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|When you run out of hope, everything is backwards. Your heart wants the opposite of what it needs.
Norian F. Love, Seduction: A Money, Power & Sex Story|He was a romantic, a poet, a lover, a friend, and a freak. Someone to be turned on by and disgusted with in the same breath. He filled her with emotion. Whether it was the sensation of an orgasm or the comfort of someone who listen to her, this experience indulged all her pleasurable senses with little to no conflict. It was heaven, it was ecstasy, but it wasn't real.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Life is here, death is over there. I am here, not over there.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|...William Stegner...coined the term 'the geography of hope,' countering the argument that wilderness preservation served elites with the assertion that wilderness could be a place in which everyone could locate their hopefulness even if few actually entered it. 
Deyth Banger|Now you are laughing aren't you?? You just came from holiday (AS for me I don't really give a shit from holiday, from walk with friends or whatever..)You are thinking about the one fat guy and you think that you are perfect. - If you are perfect you won't be here transcend people don't have what to achieve they know and they will continue to know everything, it's useless!You have health problems, am I right?You have some buds on places which nobody wants to talk, you think that you are a bigger as a personality - but you smoke (Don't you?? You try to stop it, but again the cigarettes say "Smoke one you will be better, smoke another one you will go to heaven..." - this goes to endless does it??You drink Alcohol - don't ya?I don't have words take a look at yourself you drink for what??? For confidence... oh my god you are fuck fagot aren't you??You smoke, but why I know that chimneys smoke, but you?? Are you chimney, it's a joke! :D :D
Sakyong Mipham, Running with the Mind of Meditation: Lessons for Training Body and Mind|As a runner, you have to face the truth about yourself on a regular basis, and it makes you more honest. You can't pretend to be faster than you are. You can't pretend that you are better prepared than you are. You cannot pretend to be a runner, you actually have to run.
Julia Mills, Her Love, Her Dragon: The Saga Begins|Each male dragon has one female, the other half of his soul, the light to his dark. She has been fashioned by the Universe especially for him. Dragons mate for life. Once we find our one perfect mate, there will be no other.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|They were making a riotous noise, but it was much more like music - rather advanced music which you don't quite take in at the first hearing - than birds' songs ever are in our world.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The principle of equality, which makes men independent of each other, gives them a habit and a taste for following, in their private actions, no other guide but their own will. This complete independence, which they constantly enjoy towards their equals and in the intercourse of private life, tends to make them look upon all authority with a jealous eye, and speedily suggests to them the notion and the love of political freedom. Men living at such times have a natural bias to free institutions. Take any one of them at a venture, and search if you can his most deep-seated instincts; and you will find that, of all governments, he will soonest conceive and most highly value that government whose head he has himself elected, and whose administration he may control.
Wilma Rudolph|When we tackle obstacles, we find hidden reserves of courage and resilience we did not know we had. And it is only when we are faced with failure do we realise that these resources were always there within us. We only need to find them and move on with our lives.
Joseph Edward Kurtz|I've lost a lot of teeth and square yards of hide. But I've never lost my self-respect, and I've kept what I find in few men of my age - my enthusiasm.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Surely this is what death would be like: nothingness, oblivion, as the world continued to turn, heedless of her absence.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|Even a person like this makes mistakes, can't always hold on to everything they'd like to,can't always force the world to spin in the direction of their choosing. You'll hug him longer than necessary and tell him to keep in touch. And you'll know, finally, that it had nothing to do with you.
Pawan Mishra|Be a good reader first, if you wish to become a good writer.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|In Texas, two things are cherished above all else- football and gossip.
Robert Smith|When the Christian faith becomes defined by who we are and what we do and not by who Christ is and what he did for us, we miss the gospel - and we, ironically, become more disobedient.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|But more often there are regular people in the pool. Beautiful women seniors doing water aerobics - mothers and grandmothers and great grandmothers - their massive breasts and guts reminding you how it is that women carry worlds. When I swim by them I watch their legs and bodies underwater, and feel a strange kinship with a maternal lineage.
Charles Hash, Nascent Decay|There are some that even beg for the Chamber," she could hear Isaar saying in the back of her mind. "Soft minded fools or broken souls that would rather live a fabricated existence than deal with reality.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|If you're young and talented, it's like you have wings.
Grace Burrowes, The Captive|So she learned at the age of almost twenty-six how to kiss a lover. Such kisses involved tongues, lips, taste, feel, and soft, needy noises that had her pressing up into his body and wanting to consume him with her hands and her mouth.
Robert Kegan|Successfully functioning in a society with diverse values, traditions and lifestyles requires us to have a relationship to our own reactions rather than be captive of them. To resist our tendencies to make right or true, that which is nearly familiar, and wrong or false, that which is only strange.
Nick Hornby, More Baths, Less Talking|I don’t have the heart to tell my sons that the older one gets, the less funny literature becomes—and they would refuse to believe me if I tried to explain that some people don’t think jokes even belong in proper books. I won’t bother breaking the news that, if they remain readers, they will insist on depressing themselves for about a decade of their lives, in a concerted search of gravitas through literature.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|I was shown into a room. A red room. Red wallpaper, red curtains, red carpet. They said it was a sitting-room, but I don’t know why they’d decided to confine its purpose just to sitting. Obviously, sitting was one of the things you could do in a room this size; but you could also stage operas, hold cycling races, and have an absolutely cracking game of frisbee, all at the same time, without having to move any of the furniture.It could rain in a room this big.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Starting over is opportunity informed by failure, which is opportunity made intelligent.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|I need only you, Milano, not your money.
Dee Dee Artner|Time, energy and money. These should never be compromised.
Ivanka Trump|There's a lot of people that have great ideas and dreams and whatnot, but unless you're willing to work really, really hard, and work for what you want, it's never going to happen.
Rob Liano|For every person who closed the door in my face, thank you. For every person who told me I wasn't good enough, thank you. For every person who laughed and told me that I was wasting my time going to college, because I was going to fail, thank you. For every person who tried to break me, thank you. For every person who took my kindness for weakness, thank you. For every person who told me I was wasting time chasing my dreams because I would fail, thank you. It could of broke me. From the core of my heart, I thank you. I truly mean it, because if it weren't for each of you I wouldn't be who I am today. I wouldn't of spend hours and loss sleep studying. I wouldn't developed tough skin. You pushed me to think about what I "really" want out of life. You pushed me to master my craft. You helped me develop the drive, passion and determination. You pushed me to not wait for someone to believe in my vision, but to find a way to make things happen. I know you didn't "intend" to, but I thank you for teaching me to believe in myself! AND you taught me to TRUST in God and lean on my faith, not man. Thank You!
Estiana Cahyawati|Whatever modern democracies may tell themselves about their commitment to free speech and to diversity of opinion, the values of a given society will uncannily match those of whichever organizations have the scale to pay for runs of thirty-second slots around the nightly news bulletin.
Stormie Omartian|Thanks God for his blood, and his amazing gift of sending his son. Who has made me strong in Christ Jesus, when heaven and earth pass away, Jesus will be the only thing that remains.
Edmund Burke|Intellectual generalities are always interesting, but generalities in morals mean absolutely nothing.
William Tyndale|The testimony of scripture is so plain that to add anything were superfluous, were it not that the world is almost now come to that blindness, that whatsoever pleases not the princes and the multitude, the same is rejected as doctrine newly forged, and is condemned for heresy.
Jay McInerney, Bright Lights, Big City|To lose weight, spend time at the gym. To appear like you’ve lost weight, spend time with people who are bigger than you.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I see no reason that a man should have any issue with worshiping a goddess any more than a woman would in worshiping a male deity. It is undeniable that women, particularly in the Abrahamic faiths, have been doing just that for thousands of years, though they do like to sneak in the divine feminine under the cloak of the Virgin Mary.
Jo Bonner|A country grows in history not only because of the heroism of its troops on the field of battle, it grows also when it turns to justice and to right for the conservation of its interests.
Robin Sacredfire|Ask the person who found you about what kind of people they were looking for before meeting you, as they may not know that they have found one of them already.
R.S. Belcher, The Six-Gun Tarot|The tyrant-father of Heaven, the one who created, hated and drove out the first woman, yoked men with a horrible curse, far worse than any imagined to have been handed down to Eve. Men were told they were masters of this world, of their mates, of the beasts and fish, of the land and sea and sky. How ridiculous! That's like telling a little boy he's in charge of the house when his da is gone. It's silly!"And like that little boy, men have tried to live up to the unreasonable demands of their mute, wayward, celestial father. They have enslaved and dominated, conquered and killed, all in the name of shepherding, of protecting, of ruling the world. They spend their lives trying to do what they think is right, what their father on high would want of them. The bastard.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Van, Van, we’re only simple, fallible mortals - we aren’t saints, we aren’t angels - we fall on our faces and make errors and sometimes people die of them - sometimes people we love dearly -
Friedrich Nietzsche|And granted that your imperative, "living according to Nature," means actually the same as "living according to life"--how could you do DIFFERENTLY? Why should you make a principle out of what you yourselves are, and must be?
Donna Lynn Hope|I love men. I also hate men; I wouldn't want to be in a world without them but I have to say, it's not a compliment to know a man wants to sleep with you. It's only a compliment when he will go to great lengths for you.
Marisa Miller|Two of the central ingredients to our family are food and faith, so sitting down together and thanking God for the food He's provided means everything to us. Prayer is a natural part of our lives - not only around the dinner table, but all day long.
Gary Haugen|While appearing weak is okay, giving in to weakness is definitely not.
Hamilton Jordan|For a man to attain to an eminent degree in learning costs him time, watching, hunger, nakedness, dizziness in the head, weakness in the stomach, and other inconveniences.
Stephen King|You are the grim, goal-oriented ones who will not believe that the joy is in the journey rather than the destination no matter how many times it has been proven to you.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Where there is a smoke, there is an ecologist.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Sometimes, the biggest secrets you can only tell a stranger.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The happiest people I know are separated followers of Jesus Christ.They are not dependent on artificial stimulants. They do not resort to sick, dirty jokes. They do not abuse their bodies to relax their minds.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|If you open your mouth in the dark, you will speak while in the wrong mood--darkness is the time to listen.
Taylor Swift|Be that strong girl that everyone knew would make it through the worst, be that fearless girl, the one who would dare to do anything, be that independent girl who didn't need a man; be that girl who never backed down.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|I have no such powers. If I did I would be more merciful than God, believe me.
Prayer of a Doctor in Ancient Egypt.|As pervasive as medicine has become in modern life, it remains mostly hidden and often misunderstood. We have taken it to be both more perfect than it is and less extraordinary than it can be.
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|This was the price for the the strange life she had chosen, but she had gone into it with eyes open, and there was no profit in regret.
Anthony Storr|Reasoned arguments and suggestions which make allowance for the full difficulties of the state of war that exists may help, and will always be listened to with respect and sympathy.
Ellen DeGeneres|Procrastination is not the problem. It is the solution. It is the universe's way of saying stop, slow down, you move too fast. Listen to the music. Whoa whoa, listen to the music. Because music makes the people come together, it makes the bourgeois and the rebel. So come on people now, smile on your brother, everybody try to love one another. Because what the world needs now is love, sweet love. And I know that love is a battlefield, but boogie on reggae woman because you're gonna make it after all. So celebrate good times, come on. I've gotta stop I've gotta come to my senses, I've been out riding fences for so long... oops I did it again... um... What I'm trying to say is, if you leave tonight and you don't remember anything else that I've said, leave here and remember this: Procrastinate now, don't put it off. 
Osho|I love, because my love is not dependent on the object of love. My love is dependent on my state of being. So whether the other person changes, becomes different, friend turns into a foe, does not matter, because my love was never dependent on the other person. My love is my state of being. I simply love.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|A row of trees far away, there on the hillside.But what is it, a row of trees? It’s just trees.Row and the plural trees aren’t things, they’re names.
Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost|If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|WAIT, WAIT! JUST one more!”“Bliss, there are children waiting.”And they probably hated us, but I was just so glad to see her smiling that I didn’t care.“Yeah, well, they all just jumped on the bandwagon. Most of them weren’t alive when I read Harry Potter for the first time.”I turned to the Canadian family behind me and said, “I’m so sorry. This is the last one, I promise.” Then I took one more picture of Bliss pretending to push the luggage cart through the wall at the Platform 9¾ monument at King’s Cross Station.A little boy stuck his tongue out at Bliss as we left. I pulled her away before she could follow suit.“That kid better watch it. I’m totally a Slytherin.”I shook my head, smiling.“Love, I’m going to need you to pull back on the crazy a bit.”“You’re right. Realistically, I’m a Ravenclaw.
Gary Meehan, True Dark|He continued to attack the gate. His arm started to ache. The hammer was designed for neither brute nor force. "Are you all right up there?" asked Eleanor. "Want me to go see if I can find a small child to give you a lift?" "Maybe if we swapped positions and you condescended at the gate, we'd get through faster?
Sunday Adelaja|Consider the situation: Money that was provided because of social networks rather than need; a project designed for prestige rather than to be used; a lack of monitoring and accountability; and an architect appointed for show by somebody with little interest in the quality of the work. The outcome is hardly surprising: a project that should never have been built was built, and built badly.
Kim Bouchouaram|A true entrepreneur doesn't see an obstacle and thinks how long its going to take to conquer, they look at it and figure out how high they are going to jump and jump over it.
Sunday Adelaja|The more energy taken, the less energy that is left for us to implement our goals and the smaller the probability of realization of our innate potential
Marion Coutts|Seventy-six for an American male was a number on an actuarial chart that includes men who are obese, smokers and inheritors of deadly family genes.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|People can still see you even if you enter the next door. Even if you are dead and gone, they can still see you. What is necessary is whether they see you for the good, bad or ugly reason.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you never listen, you can't see. The devil has got so many people so disconnected that they cannot even listen or even sense when the Lord is speaking.
Jack Nicklaus|We are spiritual beings whether we want to admit it or not, and inherent in our DNA is a design to return us home - home to our true essence, our greatest self, our limitless self.
Patricia T. O'Conner, Words Fail Me: What Everyone Who Writes Should Know about Writing|Whenever there's something wrong with your writing, suspect that there's something wrong with your thinking.
Luc Sante|Twists, turns and double crosses in literary theft quickly expand to threaten the globe in: THE SLUSH PILE BRIGADE. At its core, the book is a solid thriller. It has clearly defined stakes and goals for the main characters. Marquis has laid the groundwork as a thriller writer and hopefully his following novels build up a James Patterson-esque empire. A promising debut from an up-and-coming thriller writer."----IndieReader - 4.5/5 Stars (****1/2)
Mickey Drexler|Steve Jobs, if he had lived, was gonna design an iCar. I think cars have an extraordinary opportunity for cool design.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|A meaningless life for a human being has none of the dignity of animal unselfconsciousness; we cannot simply eat, sleep, hunt and reproduce - we are meaning-seeking creatures. The Western world has done away with religion but not with religious impulses; we seem to need some higher purpose, some point to our lives - money and leisure, social progress, are just not enough.
Emma Goldman|My country, right or wrong,” is a thing that no patriot would think of saying except in a desperate case. It is like saying, “My mother, drunk or sober.
James Whitcomb Riley|Whenever the pressure of our complex city life thins my blood and numbs my brain, I seek relief in the trail; and when I hear the coyote wailing to the yellow dawn, my cares fall from me - I am happy.
Sultan Alsasi|Laura said faintly, 'I thought God takes care of us.''He does,' Pa said, 'so far as we do what's right. And He gives us a conscience and brains to know what's right. But He leaves it to us to do as we please. That's the difference between us and everything else in creation.
Charles Sheehan-Miles, The Last Hour|Nothing else has the power to calm, comfort, and care for you better than home.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Don't Fall in Love With Your Words: Fall in Love With Your Craft|Faulkner had an egg carton filled with periods and throughout his writing career, used nearly all of them.
Orhan Pamuk|Honesty is about the scars. It's about the blemishes. But it's more than just bragging about failure, which could be a form of ego. It's about truly helping people.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To forget is to blithely toss aside the hard lessons that were hard won by others before us, thereby needlessly dooming us to endure the hard lessons that are likely to be forgotten by those who will follow us. And it is altogether reasonable that in order to avoid this repetitive trouncing, God graciously granted us memories.
Bob Dole, One Soldier's Story: A Memoir|What we dedicate today is not a memorial to war, rather it's a tribute to the physical and moral courage that makes heroes out of farm and city boys and that inspires Americans in every generation to lay down their lives for people they will never meet, for ideals that make life itself worth living.
Mitch Daniels|I was lucky. My family is wonderful. And it's funny, because most of my best friends come from very large families. So it always felt as if I had lots of siblings, though in the end I had to leave them and go home. I kind of got the best of both worlds as a kid.
Rudolf Steiner|All things which have a directing force here in the physical world cease to exist when one arrives in the imaginative world. If, on the physical plane, you imagine yourself to have done something you actually have not done, you will soon be persuaded by the facts of the physical world that this is not so. This is not the case in astral space.
Finn Marlowe, Forever in One Second|Is he following? Can you have a flaming gay moment or something and check?""Why do I have to be the flaming gay one?
Moïra Fowley-Doyle, The Accident Season|I think that we all drown, in one way or another.
David S. Landes, Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World|Orwell wrote easily and well about small humane pursuits, such as bird watching, gardening and cooking, and did not despise popular pleasures like pubs and vulgar seaside resorts. In many ways, his investigations into ordinary life and activity prefigure what we now call 'cultural studies.
D.H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature|Maybe there is no justice, just different degrees of injustice.
Bree Despain|Cold air clawed at my face, ripping tears from my eyes. I buried my face deep into Daniel's back and breathed in a mixture of familiar scents - almonds, oil paint, earth, and a hint of varnish. I didn't even question why I was on that bike. I just knew I was suppose to be.
Tony Curl|It's happened. It's in the past. You can't change it. You are not broken. Learn from the past, then build from it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To be able to influence Tanzanian literature and African literature, and sell our books in Tanzania as well as in our continent, we need to be committed to what we do. And what we do is writing. Write as much as you can. Read as much as you can. Use the library and the internet carefully for research and talk to people, about things that matter. To make a living from writing, and make people read again in Tanzania and Africa; we must write very well, very good stories.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|If you haven't guessed it already," I said, something fervent and resonating slipping into my tone, "I need you, too.""Is that a yes?" he asked, pushing his fingers through my hair, fanning it out around my sholders and searching my face intently. "Please let it be yes," he said with a gravelly edge. "Stay with me tonight. Let me hold you, even if that's all it is. Let me keep you safe.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I may have had moments of regret in my life, but you know, they wouldn't add up to an hour.
Muhammad Yunus|One of the things I do is try to get a positive message out there in the local schools and tell my story. I also do a lot of faith-based speaking, sharing my story and testimony, to help show what God has done in my life and what he can do in others' lives.
|Stop saying that all women are bad and only about the money. Instead, you should change the way that you present yourself around women; so that you could attract a caring and loving one instead of those who would only come into your life to take until there is nothing left to take. But most importantly, you should learn to look in the right environment.
Zygmunt Bauman|Evolution is ultimately why cancer is so deadly. Take two biopsies from different sides of a tumor, and they can be genetically very different, making it that much harder to fight. Variation is the toolbox of evolution, and this variation gives cancer strength.
Northrop Frye, Creation and Recreation|For the Bible there is nothing numinous, no holy or divine presence, within nature itself. Nature is a fellow creature of man.
Tod Goldberg, The Reformed|Query: Why am I so bitter against Life? And why do I see her as a rag-picker on the American cinema, shuffling along wrapped in a filthy shawl with her old claws crooked over a stick?Answer: The direct result of the American cinema acting upon a weak mind.
Epictetus|Very little is needed for everything to be upset and ruined, only a slight lapse in reason.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|If there’s a takeaway from working here, it’s an understand that, as bioorganisms, we are a walking time bomb programed for cellular self-destruction. Not if, when.
Majid Kazmi, The First Dancer: How to be the first among equals and attract unlimited opportunities|Pursuit of contentment is not the pursuit of an elusive tomorrow; it is the celebration of today. In that, it is the pursuit to end all pursuits.
Rob Al'dred|How do you know who are? You have been told how to think, what to study and what's right and wrong your entire life. Well it's not your life until you start being you. Think, work it out for yourself.
Amit Kalantri|Don't feel bad if your youth cannot be joyful, but at least make it useful.
Tara Dobbs|Drawing and painting is like a quickie in bed. Were as novel writing is a long term relationship, much more fulling.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|It wont do to say that the reader is too dumb or too lazy to keep pace with the train of thought. If the reader is lost, it's usually because the writer hasn't been careful enough
Mojo Nixon|If fishing is a religion, fly fishing is high church.
Alison Croggon|It is good to dress in fair clothes to dine with friends. It honors your host, if you are a guest; and your guest if you are a host. And both adorn the feast, and so celebrate the gifts of the world.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t have a teacher, don’t worry. Learn by observing the best teacher which is nature.
Vishwas Chavan|He has always been the kid who cries too easily and laughs too easily, the kid who begins giggling in church for no reason at all, who blinks hotly in shame and frustration whenever he misses a question in class, living in an otherland of sparkling daydreams and imaginary catastrophes.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Whenever He answers prayers, God usually prioritizes those by people who, instead of their mouths, have prayed with their hands and/or feet.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Always believe in yourself, even if nobody else does! Sometimes in life, you won’t always get the encouragement and support that you desire, but don’t allow that to stop you from accomplishing YOUR dreams. You’ve got to learn how to encourage yourself and be happy for yourself in spite of. Everybody won’t be happy for you, and that’s okay. Be happy for yourself and always see the best in yourself! Do it for YOU. Don’t focus on the negative. Negativity is only a distraction. Stay the course and stay focused! Be encouraged and do GREAT things. You’ve got this!
Cornelia Funke, Fearless|When the heart craved something so forcefully, then reason became nothing but helpless observer.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|It is a tragicomic fact that our proper upbringing has become an ally of the secret police. (...) The "Tell the truth!" imperative drummed into us so automatically that we feel ashamed of lying even to a secret policeman.
J.M. Stewart, Her Soldier's Touch|Quietly, under my breath, I mumbled a name and it wasn’t the name of the girl waiting in the other room. In my mind I pictured Brooklyn’s sounds as she came and I jerked in my hand, coming and coming. Something had to give.
Christian de Portzamparc|Wherever technology reaches its real fulfillment, it transcends into architecture.
Lynne Bowker, Computer Aided Translation Technology: A Practical Introduction|The resource of generational history is accorded little attention our society, which seems ever more obsessed with making “new” and “better” synonymous. From my family I became aware of the importance of passing along wisdom from one generation to the next. Yet despite the increasing proliferation of digital recording and other communication technologies, we’re passing on less knowledge today than our parents did through the oral tradition alone. We’re drowning in photographs and videos, capturing every mundane moment of our birthdays, holidays, and vacations. Yet these can be no more than pleasant distraction, only scratching the surface of our real relationships.
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Young girls often feel strong, courageous, highly creative, and powerful until they begin to receive undermining sexist messages that encourage them to conform to conventional notions of femininity. To conform they have to give up power.
Hugo Munsterberg, Psychology and Industrial Efficiency|...young people know very little about themselves and their abilities. When the day comes on which they discover their real strong points and their weaknesses, it is often to late. They have usually been drawn into the current of a particular vocation, and have given too much energy to the preparation for a specific achievement to change the whole life-plan once more. The entire scheme of education gives to the individual little chance to find himself.
Shawn Lukas|In my experience, what every true artist wants, really wants, is to be paid.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|When you reach a certain status in Hollywood, you have to play a lot of games to stay in the limelight. It becomes more about being famous than being an actor.
Barbara Kruger|Although my art work was heavily informed by my design work on a formal and visual level, as regards meaning and content the two practices parted ways.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|He’s at the library, I think. Safe and sound in his world of books... Maybe he’ll write one someday.
Deshwal Sachin|real beauty exists inside the heart,not over the face.
Marcia Angell|Few things a doctor does are more important than relieving pain. . . pain is soul destroying. No patient should have to endure intense pain unnecessarily. The quality of mercy is essential to the practice of medicine; here, of all places, it should not be strained.
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, Book Power: A Platform for Writing, Branding, Positioning & Publishing|Writers whose thoughts are expressed with clarity and precision are assumed by readers to be superficial. Where the meaning is obscured, then readers give more attention and consider the fruit of their labour more valuable
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Prometheus Unbound|No change, no pause, no hope! Yet I endure.
Arianna Huffington|Why worry about minor little details like clean air, clean water, safe ports and the safety net when Jesus is going to give the world an "Extreme Makeover: Planet Edition" right after he finishes putting Satan in his place once and for all?
Sergio Troncoso, The Last Tortilla: and Other Stories|I held Angie Luna in that room for hours, and I remember the different times we made love like epochs in a civilization, each movement and every touch, apex upon abyss. In the luxury of our bed, we tried every position and every angle. I explored the curves on her body and delighted in seeing the freedom of her ecstasy. Her desperate whispers and pleas. I told her I loved her, and she said she loved me too. We lay in bed with our limbs entangled, in a pacific silence that reminded me of existing on a beach just for the sake of such an existence. I couldn't imagine the world ever becoming better, and for some strange reason the thought slipped into my head that I had suddenly grown to be an old man because I could only hope to repeat, but never improve on, a night like this. I finally took her home sometime when the interstate was empty, and the bridges seemed to lead to nowhere, for they were desolate too.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|Life is a pilgrimage. Each moment is to be lived in depth, because each moment contains God, hidden within it.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|This is the problem of history. We cannot know that which we were not there to see and hear and experience for ourselves. We must rely upon the words of others. Those who were there in the olden days, they told stories to the children so that the children would know, so that the children could tell stories to their children. And so on, and so on.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|Needless to say, that meant that the Braekbills student body was quite the psychological menagerie. Carrying that much onboard cognitive processing power had a way of distorting your personality. And to actually want to work that hard, you had to be at least a little bit screwed up.
John Ruskin|Eradicating a religion of kindness is, I think, a terrible thing for the Chinese to attempt.
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|With nature on your side, you don’t need numbers, you don’t need financing and you certainly don’t need to make friends with people you should be fightingagainst.
Suz Priestas|In the end it's only words, my dear.
Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate|If pregnant girls were sinner, what were liars called?
Colm Tóibín, Brooklyn|Don't decide yet," Hephaestus advised. "Wait until daybreak. Daybreak is a good time for decisions.
Morris R. Gates|We should not look for more in others,Rather find more within ourselves.
A.M.M Alusi|Most of my life has been spent keeping information close, turning it over and over in my mind. The impulse to share anything is a new one, the impulse to hide as natural as breathing.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|I have found, in short, from reading my own writing, that my subject in fiction is the action of grace in territory largely held by the devil.I have also found that what I write is read by an audience which puts little stock either in grace or the devil. You discover your audience at the same time and in the same way that you discover your subject, but it is an added blow.
Sara Rak|If we were scars, our memories would be the stitches holding us together. You couldn't cut them apart, and if you did, it would tear you in two.""But my memories hurt," she said. "I want to forget. There's so much I just want to forget.""How are you going to do that ? Everything that's happened to you is still happening today. Once something has begun, it doesn't end. There, in your head, it never ends.
Courtney Milan, Unraveled|Relationships & personal Interactions are like having food...if it doesn't taste well, we can't eat it, no matter how beautiful it looks ~
William Shakespeare|If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Humility and How to Get It|The chief means of resisting manipulation is humility – knowing who we really are and facing it. You can only serve by love. You can only love by choice. True love cannot be the result of decree, force or manipulation. Jesus always kept his strength to make loving choices. He calls us to make loving choices necessary to be the servant of all." "Humility permits me to own my feelings – and to admit them. Now I'm free to say, ‘I'm angry’. I'm free to admit what I am reacting to. I am free to ask if anger is what the person wanted to produce in me, and to ask for help in changing if my reaction is inappropriate.
Denise Mina|In the West, it was believed that attitude and ambition saved you. In Africa, we had learned that no one was immune to capricious tragedy.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems|Love has no expiration date; if your are willing, she will accompany you until your last day.
Hussein of Jordan|I think at the heart of the pro-life movement is the idea that all people are created equal, endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights starting with life.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|There can be no resolution leading to growth until the present situation has been faced completely and you have opened to it with mindfulness, allowing the roughness of the situation itself to sand down your own rough edges. In other words, you must be willing to let itself to become your teacher.
Sáenz, Benjamin Alire|I believed all Angels had wings, that they never cried, that I would live a lifetimes and never see one up close, never know the glow of such skin, or know how intoxicating the feel of her soft lips pressing hard against mine, or how beautiful was a simple touch, and then you walked into my life and made me wonder why I had wasted so much time thinking about Angels.
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|Thought is the toil of the intelligence, revery its voluptuousness. To replace thought with revery is to confound a poison with a food.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|...failure promotes success only if you actually take the time to analyze your mistakes.." "Failure has to be separated from fault, and for many people that requires a bit of deprogramming, as we learn early on that they are one and the same." "In this framework, intention is extremely important.
Kristen Twardowski|Those men and women of Yangzhou died a hundred years ago, Tian Haoli, and nothing can be done to change that. But the past lives on in the form of memories, and those in power are always going to want to erase and silence the past, to bury the ghosts. Now that you know about the past, you're no longer an innocent bystander. If you do not act you are complicit with the Emperor and his Blood Drops in this new act of violence, this deed of erasure. Like Wang Xiuchu, you're now a witness. Like him, you must choose what to do. You must decide if, on the day you die, you will regret your choice.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|When Summer lies upon the world, and in a noon of gold, Beneath the roof of sleeping leaves the dreams of trees unfold;When woodland halls are green and cool, and wind is in the West, Come back to me! Come back to me, and say my land is best!
Jeff VanderMeer, The Third Bear|My Manager forced me to put my beetle in my own ear, a clear waste and an act that gave me nightmares: of a burning city through which giant carnivorous lizards prowled, eating survivors off of balconies. In one particularly vivid moment, I stood on a ledge as the jaws closed in, heat-swept, and tinged with the smell of rotting flesh. Beetles intended for the tough, tight minds of children should not be used by adults. We still remember a kinder, gentler world.
John Dryden, The critical and miscellaneous prose works of John Dryden, now first collected|. You are overfed yet under-nourished. Your body needs specific nutrients to run properly or you will get mentally and physically sick. I’m talking about illnesses such as heart disease, some cancers, diabetes and depression, for starters. So, if you’re not eating the right foods—or your “toxic waste” is inhibiting nutrient absorption—your mind will constantly “scream” at your stomach to eat more. It does this in the form of cravings and hunger. Problem is, most people just eat more “nutrient-dead food” and your body continues to starve and cravings spiral out of control.
Charles Bukowski|To me, nudity is a joke. I don't think nude people are very attractive at all. I like my women fully clothed. I like to imagine what might be under there. It might not be the standard thing. Imagine, stripping a woman down, and she has a body like a little submarine. With periscope, propellers, torpedoes. That would be the one for me. I'd marry her right off and be faithful to the end.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Love does not last forever, then?""He asked me the same thing this morning," she said. "No, it does not - not love that has been betrayed. One realizes that one has loved a mirage, someone who never really existed. Not that love dies immediately or soon, even then. But it does die and cannot be revived.
Sunday Adelaja|She was a church open only for him, with services in full operation twenty-four hours a day.
Ben Palpant|Anticipating death and calling it gain, Christians are evangelists of the grotesque. The very hope of the Gospel rests directly upon our ability to imagine a world in which suffering serves as the soil from which resurrection springs.
Thomas Carlyle|Music is well said to be the speech of angels; in fact, nothing among the utterances allowed to man is felt to be so divine. It brings us near to the infinite.
Beth Day|If you are tempted to revealA tale to you someone has toldAbout another, make it pass,Before you speak, three gates of gold;These narrow gates. First, "Is it true?"Then, "Is it needful?" In your mindGive truthful answer. And the nextIs last and narrowest, "Is it kind?"And if to reach your lips at lastIt passes through these gateways three,Then you may tell the tale, nor fearWhat the result of speech may be.
Robert Redford|The best thing about the Kentucky Derby is that it is only two minutes long. It is the quickest event in sports, except for Sumo-wrestling & Mike Tyson fights. Maybe Drag-racing is quicker, but I have never been attracted to it.
Charles M. Schwab|Life must be a constant education; one must learn everything, from speaking to dying.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Perhaps a lunatic was simply a minority of one. At one time it had been a sign of madness to believe that the Earth goes round the Sun; today, to believe the past is inalterable. He might be alone in holding that belief, and if alone, then a lunatic. But the thought of being a lunatic did not greatly trouble him; the horror was that he might also be wrong.
Anamika Mishra|Haters may hate, but we can't stop loving.
Joel Osteen|I'm usually cast as the sassy, brassy best friend.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|I have been called arrogant myself in my time, and hope to earn the title again, but to claim that I am privy to the secrets of the universe and its creator — that's beyond my conceit. I therefore have no choice but to find something suspect even in the humblest believer. Even the most humane and compassionate of the monotheisms and polytheisms are complicit in this quiet and irrational authoritarianism: they proclaim us, in Fulke Greville's unforgettable line, "Created sick — Commanded to be well." And there are totalitarian insinuations to back this up if its appeal should fail. Christians, for example, declare me redeemed by a human sacrifice that occurred thousands of years before I was born. I didn't ask for it, and would willingly have foregone it, but there it is: I'm claimed and saved whether I wish it or not. And if I refuse the unsolicited gift? Well, there are still some vague mutterings about an eternity of torment for my ingratitude. That is somewhat worse than a Big Brother state, because there could be no hope of its eventually passing away.
Daniel Pauly|My wife and I make the bed every morning, but it's a queen size bed today, as opposed to a rack, you know, a small single bed, which I had in basic SEAL training.
Jay Woodman|I want to be part of the happiness team - let's create the happiness team - from love, not greed, love of life & our planet, true & free.
Parker Posey|Humor is very interesting to me. My films are not comedies, but there's comedy in them from time to time, absurdities, just like in real life.
Adrian Raine|All boys wish to be manly; but they often try to become so by copying the vices of men rather than their virtues. They see men drinking, smoking, swearing; so these poor little fellows sedulously imitate such bad habits, thinking they are making themselves more like men. They mistake rudeness for strength, disrespect to parents for independence. They read wretched stories about boy brigands and boy detectives, and fancy themselves heroes when they break the laws, and become troublesome and mischievous. Out of such false influences the criminal classes are recruited. Many a little boy who only wishes to be manly, becomes corrupted and debased by the bad examples around him and the bad literature which he reads. The cure for this is to give him good books, show him truly noble examples from life and history, and make him understand how infinitely above this mock-manliness is the true courage which ennobles human nature.
Mickey Gilley|If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|Can't anyone ever start a fight without all the posturing and cheesy Bond-villain threats? It's not that hard. Here, let me demonstrate." And he smashed a fist into Colin's nose.
David Malouf, Earth Hour|The planet, saved for another day, stokes upits slow-burning gases and toxic dust, gold rift and scarletgash that take our breath away; a world at its interminableshow of holy dying. And we go with it, the oldgatherer and hunter. To its gaudy-day, though the contributionis small, adding our handsel of warm clay.
Michael DiMarco, Cupidity: 50 Stupid Things People Do For Love And How To Avoid Them|The more a woman appreciates the hunting prowess of her man, the more he will kill for her.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The happy life is thought to be one of excellence; now an excellent life requires exertion, and does not consist in amusement. If Eudaimonia, or happiness, is activity in accordance with excellence, it is reasonable that it should be in accordance with the highest excellence; and this will be that of the best thing in us.
C. JoyBell C.|If an American worker saw you driving a Cadillac, he worked to. earn enough to buy one for himself; the English worker, on the other hand, sought to deprive you of yours.
Zig Ziglar, Secrets of Closing the Sale|A few of us are extraverts. A few of us are introverts. But most of us are ambiverts, sitting near the middle, not the edges, happily attuned to those around us. In some sense, we are born to sell.
Maia Szalavitz, Unbroken Brain: A Revolutionary New Way of Understanding Addiction|She screwed me for life," he lamented to the pretty young woman he desperately wanted to love but couldn't quite fall in love with. "I've had relationships before but she was the most peculiar, infuriating and damnable thing I ever dared care for!" "You want to forget her," his girlfriend said painfully. She rubbed his back wishing she didn't have to compete with a menacing memory. "That relationship, the strangest I've ever known, changed me," he confided regretfully. "Like an unwanted and destructive addiction." "She wronged you," the red-head beside him blurted out truthfully. "And she continues to wrong you because you let her. Ever since her you can't help but compare." He looked at her tenderly, his heart trying to break through ice. "You want to let go but you can't let go," she continued coolly. He looked into the distance feeling the one he drew close but seeing the one out of reach. How could he let go of something, or someone, that made him feel so alive? A sweet, supportive voice knowingly broke through his thoughts, "The challenge," she whispered, "lies within you...
Jason Louv, Thee Psychick Bible: Thee Apocryphal Scriptures ov Genesis Breyer P-Orridge and Thee Third Mind ov Thee Temple ov Psychick Youth|The world of “magick” is, nine times out of ten, a world where people can hide their deep-set insecurity and personal damage behind illusion, constructed identities and claims to privileged knowledge, power or spiritual status. A gaudy carnival magic show, conducted with props that have long since begun to disintegrate with age, that seems to function only to distract people from the real magic that is occurring all around them, in every facet of their lives, every day of their lives. While the rituals and magical techniques of the Temple seem overly simplistic in comparison with the loftier Qabalahs, tables of correspondences and secret formulae of “high” magick, they have one thing which high magick quite often forgets: a concrete function.
G.K. Dutta|Most of the people want to be a leader of winners, but I want to be a leader of losers because losers are the people who truly know the value of winning and they also know how to use and respect it.
Robert Browning|The rain set early in tonight,The sullen wind was soon awake,It tore the elm-tops down for spite,And did its best to vex the lake:I listened with heart fit to break.When glided in Porphyria; straightShe shut the cold out and the storm,And kneeled and made the cheerless grateBlaze up and all the cottage warm;
Michael Moore|One of my dad's friends from the music industry came over to our house one time and heard me sing, and he said, 'She should audition for this role I have!' So I did! It was a movie called 'The Gospel,' which I did when I was five. That was when I was like, 'I want to do this acting thing!'
James Hauenstein|Sitting there, it is impossible to change your luck. But, you can always change the machine you are at!
Robert L. Wise|Indeed," Fowler answered. He turned and looked at Tony critically. "I say, old man, but you're not much older than that German kid."Yeah," Tony grinned. "But I'm from Texas and meaner than a junkyard bulldog. Makes a difference, you know.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|I had, therefore, to resign myself to commissioning a duplicate from a jeweller in Madrid. They did the work very nicely. The claws are curiously shaped, but the true marvel is the stone; it is so very limpid and weighs many carats, but notice also how it is hollowed out! You see that drop of green oil which takes the place of the internal tear? It is a drop of poison, an Indian toxin which strikes so rapidly and so corrosively that it only requires to come into momentary contact with one of a man's mucous membranes to rob him of his senses and induce rigour mortis.'It is instant death, certain but painless suicide, that I carry in this emerald. One bite' - and Ethal made as if to raise the ring to his lips - 'and with a single bound one has quit the mundane world of base instincts and crude works, to enter eternity.'Look upon the truest of friends: a deus ex machina which defies public opinion and cheats the police of their prey...'He laughed briefly. 'After all, we live in difficult times, and today's magistrates are so very meticulous. Salute as I do, my dear friend, the poison which saves and delivers. It is at your service, if ever the day should come when you are weary of life!
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Self abandoned, relaxed and effortless, I seemed to have laid me down in the dried-up bed of a great river; I heard a flood loosened in remote mountains, I felt the torrent come; to rise I had no will, to flee I had no strength.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Everything is Fair in Love, War and Fashion.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair|This religion gives you goals which are outside of reality. It enriches your fantasy life with ugliness. It fills you with ideas of guilt over the most common human experiences -- usually related to sex. In this room, right now, each of you, in your own lives, has agonized over the fact that you have masturbated. Masturbation isn't sinful. If it feels good -- do it. You have my blessing, and you yourself know how it relaxes you.
Nikki Rae, Sunshine|An hour would be enough. An hour with my head on the pillow beside yours, foreheads touching, eyes locked with eyes (just the two of us, mind you, minus that sodding cat); an hour to smell the smell of you - garlic and all, I wouldn't mind, no, I wouldn't mind. An hour to press you close the whole length of our bodies and feel the shudder of your laugh. An hour to tell you I'm so glad I knew you. An hour, just an hour. I have time now like hedgehogs have fleas: I an lose it, waste it, squander it, kill it, and there will still be more to follow, but that hour I'll never have. Never.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|For how can a tyrant rule the free and the proud, but for a tyranny in their own freedom and a shame in their own pride?
Sunday Adelaja|In a country where miracles are been emphasized, people lose their sense of priority.
Dana Marton, Deathblow|Okay," she said, breathless. "But just be quick about it. Please."	He looked up from her breasts to her face. "Stamina is usually considered a good thing in a man."	She tried to catch her breath. "It's... uncomfortable. I'm not good at this," she confessed. "I don't like to drag things out.:	His eyebrows slid up a fraction, his voice deepening to a silky smoothness. "Is that so?" And then ever so slowly, ever so carefully, he licked a lazy circle around her nipple.	A small moan escaped her throat, taking her by surprise and embarrassing her.	His lips twitched. Then he licked the nipple itself.	She moaned again, started by the pleasure.	Then he took her nipple into his mouth, sucked hard suddenly, and she felt moisture gather between her legs. When he moved to the other nipple while rubbing the first between his thumb and index fingers, she reached down to run her hands over his back and wide shoulders, over his hot, smooth skin, wanting to touch him as much as wanting to hold him in place.	He looked up. "For someone who's not good at this, you're amazingly responsive.
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy|Will those insights be tested,or simply used to justify the status quo and reinforce prejudices? When I consider the sloppy and self-serving ways that companies use data, I'm often reminded of phrenology, a pseudoscience that was briefly the rage in the nineteenth century. Phrenologists would run their fingers over the patient's skull, probing for bumps and indentations. Each one, they thought, was linked to personality traits that existed in twenty-seven regions of the brain. Usually the conclusion of the phrenologist jibed with the observations he made. If the patient was morbidly anxious or suffering from alcoholism, the skull probe would usually find bumps and dips that correlated with that observation - which, in turn, bolstered faith in the science of phrenology. Phrenology was a model that relied on pseudoscientific nonsense to make authoritative pronouncements, and for decades it went untested. Big Data can fall into the same trap. Models like the ones that red-lighted Kyle Behm and black-balled foreign medical students and St. George's can lock people out, even when the "science" inside them is little more than a bundle of untested assumptions.
Patel Ayesha|I know you won't miss me, I know you won't even bother to ask how i am without you? But still my heart will always call for you, my mind will always think of you because I love you and I will miss you that every moment that I stay without you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Thoughts are one of the most creative powers we have as human beings. If you hold the mantra in your mind that you are continually becoming more healthful and radiant, that is what you will become.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I may never be happy, but tonight I am content.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|..Breaking yet budding,dying yet living - standingamongst ruins and rage,reaching for possibilitiesplaying hard to get.
Melania Trump|It used to upset me - now it makes me sad - to see people use patriotism and our troops as a pawn in their political argument. Because I know personally, growing up in a military family, the sacrifice that is made on a daily basis.
Carrie Harris, Bad Taste in Boys|Little old laidesspeed away in their wheel chairs,frightened meals on wheels.
Morrissey|Hold on to your friends.Resist - or move onBe mad, be rashSmoke and explodeSell all of your clothesJust bear in mind:There just might come a timeWhen you need some friends 
Anthony T. Hincks|Go to hell.""I've already been there. I own property in it.
Walter Scott, The Lay of the Last Minstrel 1805|It is the favourite stratagem of our passions to sham a retreat, and to turn sharp round upon us at the moment we have made up our minds that the day is our own.
Sophie Hardach, The Registrar's Manual for Detecting Forced Marriages|The universe and the events in it are thus perfect examples to imitate. However, no matter how perfect the example is, everyone will draw and interpret objects according to their abilities. Charles Lako, commenting on aesthetics once said, that the magnificent scene at sunset would remind a farmer of the rather unaesthetic thought of dinner; the physicist, not of beauty or ugliness, but of the rightness or wrongness of the analysis of a matter. Thus, for Lalo, the sunset is beautiful only for those who are aware of beauty. Therefore, only those who see with God and hear with God can appreciate the beauty that spreads throughout existence as their senses are tuned to the spiritual realms.
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|Fun... human nature... does no one any harm... Regular as clockwork the old excuses came back into the alert, sad and dissatisfied brain--nothing ever matched the deep excitement of the regular desire. Men always failed you when it came to the act. She might just as well have been to the pictures.
George Steiner|The Latin word for sausage was botulus, from which English gets two words. One of them is the lovely botuliform, which means sausage-shaped and is a more useful word than you might think. The other word is botulism.Sausages may taste lovely, but it's usually best not to ask what's actually in them. Curiosity may have killed the cat, but it was a sausage-maker who disposed of the body.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Watching a parent die is a terrible task. My father, faced with something he could not talk down or browbeat into submission, spent his days with the bottle, as if he determined to drink himself to death, as if his alcohol could hold back the disease that swept through his brain.
Mark R. Levin|I realized that conservatism was the philosophy that best suited me, with its emphasis on individual liberty, personal responsibility, and merit.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|The right wing has a large proportion of authoritarian personalities. They tend to believe man is, by nature, basically evil. Surrounded as all of us are by the bigness of impersonal forces which seem beyond our power to control, they look for the 'enemy', so that they can hate him. At different times in history 'the enemy' has been the witch, the demon, the Communist (remember Joe McCarthy?), and now sex education, sensitivity training, 'non-religious humanism', and other current d
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|He is, however,” Amos continued, “keeping a constant rail gun lock on the Israel’s reactor.”Holden ran his fingers through his hair. “So not too generous, then.”“Say pretty please, but carry a one-kilo slug of tungsten accelerated to a detectable percentage of c.
Quentin Tarantino|When I'm doing a movie, I'm not doing anything else. It's all about the movie. I don't have a wife. I don't have a kid. Nothing can get in my way... I've made a choice, so far, to go on this road alone. Because this is my time. This is my time to make movies.
Keira D. Skye|Painfully, the tips of his fingers grazed over her neck, torturing her soul. She didn't move as his hand stroked the length of her nape, feeling the slight warmth of her aura make him lightly tingle with a frenzied anticipation. Her blood burned for him, feeling her veins bubble hot as he continued to linger his seductions along the rims of her body. He listened attentively as the beating of her heart increased tri-fold, the quickening pulse thump beneath his horny fingertips.
Genelia D'Souza|Fitness will be a major factor in the first race and I think that will play into the hands of drivers who have been racing recently, rather than people like me who haven't raced properly for a decade. I'am not one of the favourites to start with.
Camilla Barret, 8 Sex Stories That Will Make You Really Horny|Don’t forget guys, while I’m fucking, you can use my mouth anytime you want.
Subrahmanijan Chandrasekhar|Not only had I got rid of the theology and the supernatural, but I had found the truth of evolution.
Sui Ishida|Whether you live a healthy or a toxic lifestyle, the end result will always be death.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|When you're dead, they really fix you up. I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something. Anything except sticking me in a goddam cemetery. People coming and putting a bunch of flowers on your stomach on Sunday, and all that crap. Who wants flowers when you're dead? Nobody.
Mark Twain|In religion and politics people’s beliefs and convictions are in almost every case gotten at second-hand, and without examination, from authorities who have not themselves examined the questions at issue but have taken them at second-hand from other non-examiners, whose opinions about them were not worth a brass farthing.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|I have accepted that I don't know all the things that I ought to know, but I do know things that I need to know.
Carol McKibben, Luke's Tale|When someone wants to give you a “piece of their mind,” ask them to give you “peace from their heart” instead.
John Steinbeck|Spiritualism is not Religion: It does not divide, it unites; It advocates oneness of spirit with the universe; It involves knowing the ultimate truth; In such realization, one forgets the self and ego; One merges mind and body with the spirit... I would like to share with you, these and many other inspirational thoughts, to help you find your spiritual Self.
T. Colin Campbell, Whole: Rethinking the Science of Nutrition|Can these foods [low-fat, vitamin-enriched, etc] even be called "healthy"? Perhaps we should think about it this way: If you cut a batch of pharmaceutical-grade cocaine with chai, you could say with some degree of honesty that it is "healthier," "less addictive," and "now with chai!" But would you say it's "good for you"?
Dominic Riccitello|I never said I love you because I knew he would understand it differently. I loved him, and I still do, but it was as a chapter. It wasn’t as a fairytale ending.
zen master|My conscious mind must have its roots and origins in the most unfathomable depths of being, yet it feels as if it lived all by itself in this tight little skull.
Ivanka Trump|I prioritize in life. I like to work, I do TV shows, I do a lot of Iron Man training. I enjoy kicking back on a good night and drinking wine until I go to bed, and having fun with my friends. You just have to make time for it and keep it balanced.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|I'm told the effect is cumulative--it will continue to worsen." Though outwardly calm as he explained this, his face had paled even more. "But if you tell me about the Valkyrie's weaknesses, I'll administer the antidote.""Weaknesses? So many. Foremost, we're ... ticklish.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|There was a time when a new deputy tried to teach Mr. Fruit about the difference between a red and a green light, but Mr. Fruit had resisted all efforts to reorder what he had been doing perfectly well for many years. He had not only monitored the comings and goings of the town, his presence softened the ingrained evil that flourished along the invisible margins of the town’s consciousness. Any community can be judged in its humanity or corruption by how it manages to accommodate the Mr. Fruits of the world. Colleton simply adjusted itself to Mr. Fruit’s harmonies and ordinations. He did whatever he felt was needed and he did it with style. “That’s the Southern way” my grandmother said. “That’s the nice way.
Henryk Sienkiewicz|It is wrong to try to avoid the struggle against imperialism under the pretext that independence and revolution are important, but that peace is still more precious.
Annie Dillard|The feeling that the work is magnificent, and the feeling that it is abominable, are both mosquitoes to be repelled, ignored, or killed, but not indulged.
Baptist de Pape, The Power Of The Heart: Finding Your True Purpose|Don't the overwhelming majority believe that mankind is the crowning achievement of Creation, that man is better than everything, even things we haven't yet investigated? And don't those people who aren't able to escape the bonds of their own ego think that the entire Universe, even the countless worlds of outer space, is just a backdrop for this ego? And yet it might be quite different.
Doreen Valiente, Charge of the Goddess: The Mother of Modern Witchcraft|And you who seek to know me,know that the seeking and yearning will avail you not,unless you know the Mystery:For if that which you seek,you find not within yourself, you will never find it without.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|Moses loved his relatives quite openly and even helplessly . . . It was childish of him; he knew that. He could only sigh at himself, that he should be so undeveloped on that significant side of his nature.
Alanis Morissette|If you allow for a purely capitalistic society, without any type of regulation at all, you will get one monopoly that will eat all of the smaller fish and own everything, and then you'll have zero capitalism, zero competition - it would just be one giant company.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|If people were Superior to Animals, they'd take better care of the world
Vicki Myron, Dewey the Library Cat: A True Story|Dr. Beall gave him the first shot, followed closely by the second.He said, "I'll check for a heartbeat."I said, "You don't need to. I can see it in his eyes."Dewey was gone.
Michio Kaku|I've always loved Jennifer Lopez, and I think, as an entertainer, she is a great example of a strong woman that is also very levelheaded and cool and produces her own content.
Larry David|I want to believe that those who have been appointed to accomplish this mission will be totally committed, devoting all their skills and determination to their work. I urge you to lend them your support so that, together, we can build that bright future worthy of our country.
Joan Kilby, Mad About You|You're not a nuthatch, Laurie.""Oh, but I am. I'm totally upside down. I'm a very backward kind of guy.
Summer Lane, State of Hope|... Have you considered that maybe this is the birth of a new world, that what happens next is a golden opportunity to change the nature of man in a fundamental way?”“Those are brave words, Tiresias.”“New parents can’t afford to be anything but brave, Eddie.
Danny Glover|Moreover, the practical recommendations deduced from ecological principles threaten the vested interests of commerce; it is hardly surprising that the financial and political power created by these investments should be used sometimes to suppress environmental impact studies.
Jesikah Sundin, Transitions: Novella Collection|When no one is left to tell what happened, family histories keep their secrets.
Charles de Leusse|We are living a life full of first experiences, from a first kiss, to the first time giving blood, to conceptual and philosophical explanations of humanity’s firsts.
Mark Ireland, Messages from the Afterlife: A Bereaved Father's Journey in the World of Spirit Visitations, Psychic-Mediums, and Synchronicity|By his [God's] help I will arise and address myself diligently to my appointed duty. If happiness in this world is not for me, I will endeavor to promote the welfare of those around me, and my reward shall be hereafter.
Ellen Hopkins, Impulse|It was the exact oppositefor me. At first all Iwanted was sex with her,but soon I wanted more.More sex, yes, in unusualplaces, and all different kinds.But that wasn’t all. I wantedher to fill the empty spacesleft by a father who neveronce praised me, ‘friends’ whoused me, an ice princess momwho raised me with glass kisses.
Julie Miller, Takedown|Red may be bold on lips....but I prefer mine naked, without enhancement, so you know exactly what you are getting
Andrew Smith|Because, in an empty bedroom with creaky old wood floors, it is a natural human response to just stand there and shift your weight from foot to foot, and think about sex.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Respect has left our society in so many ways – we don’t even respect the office of the Commander in Chief as we should. The strength of any building, organization or family must include respect. As a country, as a community, as mothers and fathers – we must teach and act in a manner that recognizes without this noble profession our society would be in total chaos. Respect that. Period.
Édouard Levé, Suicide|Since you seldom spoke, you were rarely wrong. You seldom spoke because you seldom went out. If you did go out, you listened and watched. Now, since you no longer speak, you will always be right. In truth, you do still speak: through those, like me, who bring you back to life, and interrogate you. We hear your responses and admire their wisdom. If the facts turned out to contradict your counsel, we blame ourselves for having misinterpreted you. Yours are the truths, ours are the errors.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The holy servants were separated, for the sake of Law of God.
Clifford Chase, Winkie|Could it really be this easy to land a handsome man? If so, why didn't I try it ages ago?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|The meeting was like a war council with donuts. Then again, back at Camp Half-Blood they used to have their most serious discussions around the Ping-Pong table in the rec room with crackers and Cheez Whiz, so Percy felt right at home.
Adyashanti|A spiritual teaching is a finger pointing toward Reality; it is not Reality itself. To be in a true and mature relationship with a spiritual teaching requires you to apply it, not simply believe in it. Belief leads to various forms of fundamentalism and shuts down the curiosity and inquiry that are essential to open the way for awakening and what lies beyond awakening. A good spiritual teaching is something that you work with and apply. In doing so, it works on you (often in a hidden way) and helps reveal to you the Truth (and falseness) that lies within you.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic|Back when he had first come to the monastery, they had given him a very simple ritual called Forgiving the Day. Even the youngest child could do this; all it required was looking back over the day and dismissing the day’s pains as a thing that were past while choosing to remember as gains lessons learned or moments of insight. As initiates grew in the ways of Sa, it was expected they would grow more sophisticated in this exercise, learning to balance the day, taking responsibility for their own actions and learning from them without indulging in either guilt or regrets."p. 240
Marisa de los Santos, Falling Together|Soon, the two of them would leave this spot. . . walk into the house and into a whole changed world. . . 
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|If you make every game a life-and-death thing, you’re going to have problems. You’ll be dead a lot.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Maybe because the Dark can only reach people at extremes; blinded by their own shining ideas, or locked up in the darkness of their own heads.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|He which hath no stomach to this fight, let him depart, his passport shall be made and crowns for convoy put into his purse. We would not die in that man's company that fears his fellowship, to die with us.
Gillibran Brown, Fun With Dick and Shane|I guess that's where faith comes in, the faith of a child to believe in Santa, the faith of an adult to believe in God, maybe faith is what makes something real? Maybe Rose had believed enough to create her own afterlife, maybe that's the reward of faith...
Earlene Fowler, Delectable Mountains|Old age breeds the miracle of recall. You have no short-term memory atall; you can’t remember what you did minutes ago, but you can recall with exquisite clarity what you did on your fifth birthday and how it all felt.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|If someone is able to show me that what I think or do is not right, I will happily change, for I seek the truth, by which no one was ever truly harmed. It is the person who continues in his self-deception and ignorance who is harmed.
Rebecca Brooks, Make Me Stay|Though everyone who mattered to him told him to walk away, though Lindsey herself told him to walk away, he was still here. And she was still glad.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|God wants us to receive everything that life was meant to teach. Then we take what we've learned, and it becomes our offering to God and to mankind. But we have to live in order to learn. And sometimes we have to fight in order to live.
Bernie Glassman, The Dude and the Zen Master|Redundancy is like a plug being pulled out in a bath tub. Everything goes down the drain, your livelihood, your dreams, your car, your house, and your family.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|The village schoolmaster took us for instructive walks ('what you hear is the sound of a scythe being sharpened' ; 'that field there will be given a rest next season ';'oh, just a small bird...no special name '; 'if that peasant is drunk, it is because he is poor ') 71
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are reproducing your life that way.
Luis Fonsi|'Pears like my heart go flutter, flutter, and then they may say, 'Peace, Peace,' as much as they likes - I know it's goin' to be war!
Carol Anshaw, Carry the One|After five seconds there was a click, and the entire Universe was there in the box with him.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|And many years later, as an adult student of history, Knecht was to perceive more distinctly that history cannot come into being without the substance and the dynamism of this sinful world of egoism and instinctuality, and that even such sublime creations as the Order were born in this cloudy torrent and sooner or later will be swallowed up by it again...Nor was this ever merely an intellectual problem for him. Rather, it engaged his innermost self more than any other problem, and he felt it as partly his responsibility. His was one of those natures which can sicken, languish, and die when they see an ideal they have believed in, or the country and community they love, afflicted with ills.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|What do you think has become of the young and old men? And what do you think has become of the women and children? They are alive and well somewhere, The smallest sprout shows there is really no death, And if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the end to arrest it, And ceas'd the moment life appear'd. All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Keri Hulme, The Bone People|A family can be the bane of one's existence. A family can also be most of the meaning of one's existence. I don't know whether my family is bane or meaning, but they have surely gone away and left a large hole in my heart.
Akosua Dardaine Edwards, What Did I Learn Today? Lessons on the Journey to Unconditional Self-Love|I often think that the effort we put into trying to pretend something about us is true — that we are less than we are or more than we are or that one aspect of ourselves is the whole story — is based in a fear of  being really known, of  being truly seen, as we actually are. Perhaps we each have a wound, a vulnerable place that we have to protect in order to survive. And yet sometimes we overcompensate so much for the things we are trying to hide that no one ever suspects the truth…and then we are left in the true aloneness of never really being known.
Henry Mosquera, Space Fandango: Backstabber's Blues|Now I know that anytime you see a “no trespassing” sign, it means you’ve got to go in and take a look.
Philip Roth, Nemesis|No good has ever come from feeling guilty, neither intelligence, policy, nor compassion. The guilty do not pay attention to the object but only to themselves, and not even to their own interests, which might make sense, but to their anxieties.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry into Values|He felt that institutions such as schools, churches, governments and political organizations of every sort all tended to direct thought for ends other than truth, for the perpetuation of their own functions, and for the control of individuals in the service of these functions. He came to see his early failure as a lucky break, an accidental escape from a trap that had been set for him, and he was very trap-wary about institutional truths for the remainder of his time.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The worst thing is to have all that clout and not know your own mind. If she says her (Marilyn Monroe's)favorite color is beige, that has to be a definite possibility. Then she will be as dangerous as a Chinese Empress.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|The happiest, most successfulpeople believe in themselvesunconditionally. They knowthey can do, be and have allthat they want in life.
Paul Ryan|Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.
Tony Samara|The way to Bliss is through Understanding, through Wisdom.
Hernan Cortes|Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week.
Arshdeep Singh Samrala|My captive. My wife. My entire world.I will love her to the end of time, and I will never, ever let her go.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|Xuan smiled at the thought of men sleeping peacefully next to those they would try to kill in daylight. Only humanity could have conceived such a strange and artificial way to die. Wolves might tear the flesh of deer, but they never slept and dreamed near their quarry.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Why, the whole world of knowledge is not worth that child's prayer to 'dear, kind God'! I say nothing of the sufferings of grown-up people, they have eaten the apple, damn them, and the devil take them all! But these little ones!The Brothers KaramazovIvan to Alyosha, on the suffering and torture of children, "Book V - Pro and Contra, Chapter 4 - Rebellion.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|I am just like you,Destined to play my part.And leave,In the nature of my departure at least,Some kind of sweet message behindIn the fathomless pattern I make.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Little Fishes|Duty comes in many forms; at times duty to country may conflict with duty to family. Yet, with a lucid mind the guises can be torn away and in the end, duty becomes but one, and that duty is to value justice above everything--to do what is right not because someone ordains it, but because the heart which is the seat of truth decrees it so.
Marwane Caber, THE PAST|Felix Abt prefers to stay apolitical and impartial when sharing his thoughts and memories of the seven-year sojourn. From the book we can see that he loves Korea and cares about its people. In his assessments of North Korea's past and present the author approaches all issues from a human (and humanistic) perspective, trying to show life in the country without political or ideological coloring.
Manasa Rao|Isn't it funny how we all will end up? Best friends today, communicating via internet tomorrow. Crush today, dancing at their weddings tomorrow.
Will Adolphy|If you don't know when you're good, how can you know when you're bad?
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Deliberately and purposefully schedule meetings with yourself. These are the most important meetings in the life of one who intends to make their success deliberate. During these meeting you do much of the quality and honest communication with yourself. This is besides the conversations you are always carrying on with yourself in your own head or audibly. That doesn’t mean you are crazy, we all do it and we just need to improve the quality and positivity of those conversations.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Instead of falling, I am dancing with the wind.
Sylvia Browne|The Holy Spirit can be with you always and guide you back to Him, but in order to enjoy the benefits of this holy gift, you must truly receive it, and then you must use it in your life. How sad it would be to be given such a precious gift and then set it aside and never use it.
Jean Genet|A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|The privileged individuals and families who comprise the global elite will happily bankrupt their own countrymen, decimate their own community and evict their neighbors from houses in their desperate bid to increase their wealth.
Richie Norton|Work is meant to create a desired outcome. If your work is not creating the dream, what are you working on?
Octavia E. Butler|I saw the Earth, yes. I saw the colors so magnificent, so vivid, so real. It was hope so large and round, green and blue.
Pete Townshend|Steinbeck wrote about the tide pools and how profoundly they illustrate the interconnectedness of all things, folded together in an ever-expanding universe that's bound by the elastic string of time. He said that one should look from the tide pool to the stars, and then back again in wonder.
Teri S. Lesesne|book variables, student variables, and school variables.
Uzoma Nnadi|Poverty is a state of the mind that was created as a result of unhealthy environmental factors. When you are surrounded with unhealthy environmental factors, you will think poorly, speak poorly, act and behave poorly.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Women are always true, even in the midst of their greatest falsities, because they are always influenced by some natural feeling.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look up and don’t see the stars, the universe may have cleared the sky for you to replace them.
Susan  Fletcher, Eve Green|Kisses open doors, I've noticed. That one gesture can unlock secrets, ease open feelings. It can't be prevented--these kisses just are. It's how they work. They break into basements you never knew you had.
Terry Spear, Between a Wolf and a Hard Place|Zorro pulled her into his arms and crushed her against his body, kissing her soundly on the mouth.	“My, what a big sword you have, sir,” she said, sweeping her hand over his sheathed sword.	“I’m fully armed,” he said, “with that and more.
Tao Lin, Taipei|Listen, I wanted to say, I don't need your judgment, okay? I have enough to deal with without you contributing, so can we just get on with this so I can get out of here?But I couldn't form the words. Dr. Johnson viewed me as a child, and somehow, under his contemptuous gaze, I had regressed to one. I was frightened and shy, and it was all I could do to answer his questions and count the seconds until the end of the visit.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|Lexi glanced around the studio. She heard him in the bathroom. The door was slightly ajar, but she couldn't see him.	"A pity," she whispered.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Empower your children - Allow self-discovery and self-awareness (their own key to success), Facilitate an environment for learning through experience (practice of knowledge acquired). Remember, this exploration will take place whether you approve or not – it’s inevitable, that’s why YOU MUST be in charge of providing awareness and exposure to improve the quality of decisions made during exploration and experimentation.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|If you're afraid of everyone leaving you, what do you do?"Make them stay."And if you can't do that, or don't know how to?"Ellie shrugged. "I don't know."Yes, you do. In fact, you've done it. You leave first," Coop said, "so you don't have to watch them walk away.
Anthony Douglas|All life deserves respect, dignity, and compassion.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|In truth, people can generally make time for what they choose to do; it is not really the time but the will that is wanting.
Bruno De Oliveira, Constructed To Rot: A Critical Reflection On Homelessness|Page after page, advert after advert. Lipsticks, undies, tinned food, patent medicines, slimming cures, face-creams. A sort of cross-section of the money world. A panorama of ignorance, greed, vulgarity, snobbishness, whoredom and disease.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|It was a little thing, but on top of the other little things, it broke something in me.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Door Into Summer|If contemporary literary fiction doesn't read a bit like science fiction then it's probably not all that contemporary, is it
Richard Francis Burton|Of the gladdest moments in human life, methinks, is the departure upon a distant journey into unknown lands. Shaking off with one mighty effort the fetters of Habit, the leaden weight of Routine, the cloak of many Cares and the slavery of Civilization, man feels once more happy.
Sudeb Gharami|Love more than you loved your ex-girlfriend, if your present girlfriend feels your feeling then you will feel most happiest moment in your life than you spend with your ex-gf.
Bryant H. McGill|More law, less justice.
Christine  Bell, Down the Aisle|So what are you supposed to do with it?"He eyed her incredulously. "For real? It's called a butt plug. What do you think you're supposed to do with it?"She scratched her nose and nodded, trying not to let the apprehension show. "Okay. I'll do it. But if it hurts, just let me know and I'll take it out, stat. Don't be a hero."He gaped at her and shook his head. "Aw, no. Sweetie. That's not for me.
Kamand Kojouri|Lisbon, to me, is the Lisbon of Pessoa. Just like London is Woolf’s, or rather, Mrs. Dalloway’s. Barcelona is Gaudí's and Rome is da Vinci’s. You see them in every crevice and hear their echoes in every cathedral. I’d like to be the child, or rather, the mother of a city but I neither have a home nor a resting place. My race is humankind. My religion is kindness. My work is love and, well, my city is the walls of your heart.
M.L. Stedman|You've had so much strife but you're always happy. How do you do it? " "I choose to," he said. "I can leave myself to rot in the past, spend my time hating people for what happened...or I can forgive and forget... You only have to forgive once. To resent, you have to do it all day, every day. You have to keep remembering all the bad things.
Stephen King|when you got right down to the place where the cheese binds, there was no such thing as marriage, no such thing as union, that each soul stood alone and ultimately defied rationality. That was the mystery. And no matter how well you thought you knew your partner, you occasionally ran into blank walls or fell into pits. And sometimes (rarely, thank God) you ran into a full-fledged pocket of alien strangeness, something like the clear-air turbulence that can buffet an airliner for no reason at all. An attitude or belief which you had never suspected, one so peculiar (at least to you) that it seemed nearly psychotic. And then you trod lightly, if you valued your marriage and your peace of mind; you tried to remember that anger at such a discovery was the province of fools who really believed it was possible for one mind to know another.
Lil Wayne|There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Treat marriage like a diamond necklace; if broken, fix it, but do not throw it away.
Bette Midler|If only I'd known my differentness would be an asset, then my earlier life would have been much easier.
Debasish Mridha|Love is my strength, love is my power.
Laura Jarratt, Skin Deep|I’m sorry,” he tells me.I sit down on the bed. He returns to the view of the street below. I follow his gaze and I see the infected walking slowly back and forth.“It’s okay,” I say.“Okay,” he says. He nods. “Good.”He puts the gun under his chin and pulls the trigger.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|Magrat liked to think she was good with children, and worried that she wasn’t. She didn’t like them very much, and worried about this too. Nanny Ogg seemed to be effortlessly good with children by alternately and randomly giving them either a sweet or a thick ear, while Granny Weatherwax ignored them for most of the time and that seemed to work just as well.
Sherry Thomas, The One In My Heart|When I say "I am omnipresent" I actually mean that. I can see, analyse and understand what is happening where, why , when and how!! Nothing is hidden. I will forgive all your sins.
Francis de Sales|The acts of daily forbearance, the headache, or toothache, or heavy cold; the tiresome peculiarities of husband or wife, the broken glass...all of these sufferings, small as they are, if accepted lovingly, are most pleasing to God's Goodness.
Tamara Taylor|If you ever have a kid who doesn't know what to do, stick him in art school. It's amazing what evolves.
Gabor Maté, In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction|As I was fixing in the bathroom, I thought about how I used to tell my ex Anne that there was “no reality.” Light merely entered the eye and was translated into electrical signals which were translated into chemical signals translated into gestalts and translated into electrical signals again and so on. It was all a dream of a dream of a dream signifying a source which could be reality of which we experienced only distant modulated echoes of ripples.This used to really annoy her because she suspected it had something to do with my failure to get a job.
Voltaire|Love truth, but pardon error.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|How was the kiss with Alex?""Nice," I say, thinking about how sensual it was. "Actually, Isabel, it was more than nice. It was fucking incredible."Isabel starts laughing, and I laugh right along with her this time.
George Lucas|Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more?
Debasish Mridha|My strength is my power of love, my weakness is my kindness for those who suffers.
Howard Spring, All the Day Long|Eating humble pie is not very enjoyable, and it is even less so eating it alone.
Peter Sloterdijk, You Must Change Your Life|What early Christianity meant by 'faith' (pistis) was initially nothing other than running ahead and clinging to a model or idea whose attainability was still uncertain. Faith is purely anticipatory, in the sense that it already has an effect when it mobilizes the existence of the anticipatory towards the goal through anticipation. In analogy for the placebo effect, one would have to call this the movebo effect.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|He buried his nose in his pillow and went to sleep—to dream of anything rather than getting on in the world, as a sensible young man in his position ought to have done.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|One cliche attached to bookish people is that they are lonely, but for me books were my way out of being lonely.
James Howard Kunstler, World Made by Hand|In order to be a better writer, one must always write.
Father Jacques Philippe|The wisdom of man can only produce works on a human level. Only the Wisdom of God can realize things divine, and it is to divine heights that it destines us.
Maz Jobrani|I hate the cliche of 'just have fun,' but what I've seen in today's sports, especially with parents, is they put so much pressure on the kids.
Jane Austen|The only exercise that Tess took at this time was after dark; and it was then, when out in the woods, that she seemed least solitary... She had no fear of the shadows; her sole idea seemed to be to shun mankind—or rather that cold accretion called the world, which, so terrible in the mass, is so unformidable, even pitiable, in its units.
Jack Welch|Candy is childhood, the best and bright moments you wish could have lasted forever.
Kathryn Lasky, Lone Wolf|You have only to rest in inaction and things will transform themselves. Smash your form and body, spit out hearing and eyesight, forget you are a thing among other things, and you may join in great unity with the deep and boundless.
Jen Calonita, Paparazzi Princess|Sheesh two-legs. You keep screechin' like that, you mind's well tell all 'em Banshee "I'm here, eat me - I bring salt
Paula H. Deen|If you have a dream, FOLLOW IT. 
Tom Waits|I know I'm not supposed to like muscle cars, but I like muscle cars.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|The evening pulsed with omens gentle to the eyes, and Valentina had a romantic crush on it all, like every good witch should.
Frederick Douglass|Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction.
Richard Attias|So many people grew up with challenges, as I did. There weren't always happy things happening to me or around me. But when you look at the core of goodness within yourself - at the optimism and hope - you realize it comes from the environment you grew up in.
Tony D'Souza|In places where marriage's core meaning has been altered through legal action, officials are beginning to target for punishment those believers and churches that refuse to adapt.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Once you have the vision and the passion to make it happen, you will achieve your dreams. It is up to you to decide when to make it happen; attitudes guide you to answer that!
Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw|Weak people believe what is forced on them. Strong people what they wish to believe, forcing that to be real.
Margaret George, The Memoirs of Cleopatra|You must bear losses like a soldier, the voice told me, bravely and without complaint, and just when the day seems lost, grab your shield for another stand, another thrust forward. That is the juncture that separates heroes from the merely strong.
Eleanor Catton|I buy a lot of cookbooks. Some of them you just kind of read, and you try one recipe, and it doesn't really work. So then you don't go back to it. The new Ina Garten cookbook, which is called 'Back to Basics,' I have not had a failure with. It is the most fantastic cookbook. I think I bought 20 copies of it for friends.
George Orwell|All writers are vain, selfish and lazy, and at the very bottom of their motives lies a mystery. Writing a book is a long, exhausting struggle, like a long bout of some painful illness. One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Then if children make so much trouble, why do people have 'em?
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Generally, there is a lot of truth value in stepping back, observing, then logically generalizing the extremes of what you see.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|It was just over a year ago. Twelve months, nine days and six hours ago, actually. But thirteen months ago everything was...perfect.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|If you could have walked on the planet before humans lived here, maybe the Ivory Coast would have seemed more beautiful than La Côte d'Azur.
Hazel Cartwright, Apollo Arise (Holland-Saga, #2|He takes the beer and sets it on the floor. "I've never been into guys. So, this attraction to you is a little weird for me." I try to ease his mind by telling him that a lot of straight guys have at least one homosexual experience in their lifetime and that it's pretty normal."Yeah… that's what I hear.""So don't over-think it. Just do me." He laughs, runs his hand down my arms, over my chest, and follows my happy trail down to my pubes.
Erin K. Casey, Get Personal: The Importance of Sharing Your Faith Story|Some writers might tell you that writing is like a piece of magic - a process of creating something out of nothing, and I guess I used to think about it that way too a long long time ago. But as I've lived my life and loved and lost friends and family, and seen dreams smashed and resurrected, and marveled at the pettiness, drear ambition and ignorance of the herd of which I am a part, I can no longer say that a poem or a story or a script comes from nothing. If it's any good, if it has any power, any potent emotional body, then it's something that a writer has paid for, not only in time, but in all the anxiety that accompanies living and those small fret-filled acts of becoming present that make it possible for us to see beyond our little patch of immediacy. It's not just a reaching out, but a reaching in, into the depths of our being from whence we've sprung.
Elizabeth Alexander, The Black Interior: Essays|I was bi and my heart was off-limits to no one, at least not for any reason like what they had between their legs or whether their chests were flat or round. And maybe because of that I never really could believe or understand that Griff, or anyone else, could be deterred from falling in love by such a trivial thing as gender.
Aleksandr Voinov, Special Forces - Soldiers|No one is going to give you the education you need to overthrow them. Nobody is going to teach you your true history, teach you your true heroes, if they know that that knowledge will help set you free.
Robert Barltrop|Every capitalist is rich, but every rich is not a capitalist.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|The immediate reactions of the two superpower leaders when confronted with the gravest international crisis of their careers were much the same, shock, wounded pride, grim determination, and barely repressed fear.
Marshall B. Rosenberg, Speak Peace in a World of Conflict: What You Say Next Will Change Your World|Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.
Leo Tolstoy|By creating an intelligent thought, you open the road for many other intelligent thoughts! By producing a stupid thought, you open the path for many other stupid thoughts! Beware of your thoughts! Create pearl, and then pearls will increase! Create mud, and then mud will increase!
Jennifer Brown|The reason authors almost always put a dedication on a book is, because their selfishness even horrifies themselves in the end.
Isabel Allende, Daughter of Fortune|He said that knowledge was of little use without wisdom, and that there was no wisdom without spirituality, and that true spirituality always included service to others. As he explained many times, the essence of a good physician consisted of a capacity for compassion and a sense of the ethical, without which qualities the sacred art of healing degenerated into simple charlatanism.
Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree|Unless you want a horrible surprise, never go bird watching with an open mouth.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|In America, when a man walks in front of a woman it may imply that they are not equals and he is exerting dominance over her, or being arrogant and rude. In a different culture, however, it may be presumed that he is someone worthy of profound respect and is protecting her by going first.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The sacred soul who desire to work, must not be interrupted.
Preston Manning|Mother Nature comes up against reality, and the reality is that the system doesn't work.
Jocelyn  Murray, The Roman General: A Novel|There are no easy paths in this life. And when troubles arise, we must face them with the same dignity as we do success.
Thomas S. Monson|Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart.
Ezra Taft Benson|God revealed himself through the Law, which pointed to Christ as its end and goal, commanded the obedience that comes from faith, increased transgressions, and shut the mouths of all humans because no one has performed the righteousness of the Law so as not to need a substitute.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When we begin to reflect Christ, the Bible, when more understood as being centered around Christ, seems to be potentially every man's biography regarding God's promised experiences and truth for him - his individual, unique path of humbling oneself before the Lord and then being exalted by the Lord back into his true and righteous personhood. Many followers may speak of it merely to try to change other people (before changing themselves), but the prophets speak of it as a living word which miraculously tells their very own experiences.
Oscar Wilde|True love is the tide that pulls out to sea, but always returns to kiss the shore at sunrise.
Mother Angelica|I'm going to sit back, light up, and hope I don't chew the cigarette to pieces.
Ben Hogan|It seems that soccer tournaments create those relationships: people gathered together in pubs and living rooms, a whole country suddenly caring about the same event. A World Cup is the sort of common project that otherwise barely exists in modern societies.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|I was waiting for you," said Gregory. "Might I have a moment's conversation?""Certainly. About what?" asked Syme in a sort of weak wonder.Gregory struck out with his stick at the lamp-post, and then at the tree. "About this and this," he cried; "about order and anarchy. There is your precious order, that lean, iron lamp, ugly and barren; and there is anarchy, rich, living, reproducing itself--there is anarchy, splendid in green and gold.""All the same," replied Syme patiently, "just at present you only see the tree by the light of the lamp. I wonder when you would ever see the lamp by the light of the tree.
Darrell Calkins|There’s a tunnel between our external skill sets and our deepest longings and passions. People with the highest developed skills always know how to traverse that tunnel. That is, personal integration and wholeness — and consequent accomplishment and fulfillment — are largely about “enlightening” the tool with the best we have in us. The tool could be anything — a voice or body, a musical instrument or paint brush, a trowel or computer. But skill is made up of capability, and that requires practiced familiarity over time with how to inject into the moment our unique talents, virtues and qualities.
James E. Talmage, Jesus the Christ|Oh, really? Do you wake up heaving from bloody dreams thatpromise destruction like some crazy street guy forecasting theApocalypse? Did you slam a door in your dad’s face hours before he died?Does everyone, cops included, think you’re a pestering loon ’cause‘accident’ doesn’t sit right with you, nor the many other freakouts, likethe car that keeps showing up on your street, with someone sitting in it,doing like, nothing? No? Oh no? Didn’t think so. Life sucks for everyone.Jump or deal with it.
Madeleine Albright|People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|You are going to break your promise. I understand. And I hold my hands over the ears of my heart, so that I will not hate you.
Scott Hastie|She is a woman who deserves some respect. She's the one who'll bear the belligerent burden of birthing your kids. She's a woman, not an ass, or a breast or something else that could be sexually caressed. Appreciate the woman that she is because she and your mother are one in the same. She will be a wife someday; should't she get treated like more of a gain?
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|… it would even be inexact to say that I thought of those who read it as readers of my book. Because they were not, as I saw it, my readers. More exactly they were readers of themselves, my book being a sort of magnifying glass … by which I could give them the means to read within themselves.
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|Haley and I would talk for hours about which member of 'N Sync we'd want to marry. After long deliberation, the answer was always J. C. Chasez. JoeyFatone's last name was going to be “Fat One” no matter how great he was, and even though they didn't know at theirage that Lance Bass was gay outright, they sensed he'd make a better good friend and confidante. As for Justin Timberlake, well, JT was the coolest and hottest, but too flashy, so we couldn't trust him to be faithful. J. C. Chasez was the smart compromise.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|... when it seemed at every turn that the winds of fate had blown our lives afoul, financially, emotionally, or idealistically. Look at all that we endured. Look at all we managed to light along our path through the long shadow of adversity. Look at the seemingly indestructible affiliation that was once us. And look at us now.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|If the bards of old the true has toldThe sirens have raven hair.But over the earth since art had birth,They paint the angels fair.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The "No Excuses" Mindset is an investment in yourself, allowing you to turn your excuses for failure into purposes for progress. The shallowness of your previous failures has become a deep well of recourses for success.
Astrid Knowles, Switch|Is it really true that the only good thing a Blackman can offer in a relationship with a white woman is thunderous sex?Of course, sex plays a vital healing role in every loving relationship. That is a fact of life. But, as we discover in the story of Glasgow Kiss, sex is not always the only thing that occupies a Blackman’s mind. On the contrary, when a man is as passionate, dedicated, committed and determined as Mamadu is to fight and hold onto his true love, irrespective of the numerous challenges he faces, he is able show that it is far more important to pay attention to his heartbeat than the growing erection in his trousers!
Ashton Applewhite, This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism|My first interview was with eighty-eight-year-old folk artist Marcia Muth… ‘Your life does change as you get older,’ she told me. ‘You get into what’s important and what’s not’.
Max Lucado, Cast of Characters: Common People in the Hands of an Uncommon God|I realized that I could never really function fully on this earth until I understood this: Until you know WHOSE you are, you will never know WHO you are.
Anna Kavan, Guilty|Yes, yes, yes, he felt uncontrollable tenderness for his own shit-filled life. And a laughable hunger for more. More defeat! More disappointment! More deceit! More loneliness! More arthritis! More missionaries! God willing, more cunt! More disastrous entanglement in everything. For a pure sense of being tumultuously alive, you can't beat the nasty side of existence.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|See, this is my opinion: we all start out knowing magic. We are born with whirlwinds, forest fires, and comets inside us. We are born able to sing to birds and read the clouds and see our destiny in grains of sand. But then we get the magic educated right out of our souls. We get it churched out, spanked out, washed out, and combed out. We get put on the straight and narrow and told to be responsible. Told to act our age. Told to grow up, for God's sake. And you know why we were told that? Because the people doing the telling were afraid of our wildness and youth, and because the magic we knew made them ashamed and sad of what they'd allowed to wither in themselves.
Shae Ross, Lace Up|Well, honey, it is the south. These debutantes know how to verbally kick anyone’s ass. They learned it from their mamas in the womb.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|The question is not, therefore, _whether_ a theory is grand or small, or whether it is universal/global or particular/local, but _what function_ a theory plays and _whose interest_ it serves.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|If we are to be aware of life while we are living it, we must have the courage to relinquish our hard-earned control of ourselves.
Lyle Wesley Dorsett|Ideas are universal, the names and titles we give them are not.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|Whenever we have excess, giving should be our natural response. It should be the automatic decision, the obvious thing to do in light of Scripture and human need.
Cacilda Jethá, Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality|I'm a staunch monogamist. In practice, if not in theory. I can't help it. Do I acknowledge the oppressive, regressive nature of sexual exclusivity? Yes. Do I want that exclusivity very badly for myself? Also yes. There's probably some sort of way in which that's not a paradox. Maybe I believe in love.
Stefanie Weisman, The Secrets of Top Students: Tips, Tools, and Techniques for Acing High School and College|We have heard talk enough. We have listened to all the drowsy, idealess, vapid sermons that we wish to hear. We have read your Bible and the works of your best minds. We have heard your prayers, your solemn groans and your reverential amens. All these amount to less than nothing. We want one fact. We beg at the doors of your churches for just one little fact. We pass our hats along your pews and under your pulpits and implore you for just one fact. We know all about your mouldy wonders and your stale miracles. We want a this year's fact. We ask only one. Give us one fact for charity. Your miracles are too ancient. The witnesses have been dead for nearly two thousand years.
Jacob M. Appel, Phoning Home|This is how most stories end in the hospital. Not with crash carts and sirens and electric shocks to the chest, but with an empty room, a crisp white bed, silence.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Fate|Every small, unselfish action nudges the world into a better path. An accumulation of small acts can change the world.
James Surowiecki|I always thought we had an environmental problem, but I hadn't realized how urgent it was. James Lovelock writes that by the end of this century there will be one billion people left.
Clint Eastwood|Good-looking individuals are treated better than homely ones in virtually every social situation, from dating to trial by jury.
Appu Nirmal|I just keep losing. I mean, some people just...are supposed to lose? For balance in the universe? I mean, like, are there just some people on earth who...are supposed to be here just to make it easier for the winners?
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|I love the night passionately. I love it as I love my country, or my mistress, with an instinctive, deep, and unshakeable love. I love it with all my senses: I love to see it, I love to breathe it in, I love to open my ears to its silence, I love my whole body to be caressed by its blackness. Skylarks sing in the sunshine, the blue sky, the warm air, in the fresh morning light. The owl flies by night, a dark shadow passing through the darkness; he hoots his sinister, quivering hoot, as though he delights in the intoxicating black immensity of space. 
Sophia Bush|The medical literature tells us that the most effective ways to reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and many more problems are through healthy diet and exercise. Our bodies have evolved to move, yet we now use the energy in oil instead of muscles to do our work.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Being a critic is easy.But if the critic tries to run the operation, he soon understands that nothing is as easy as his criticisms.Criticism without a solution is merely an inflation of the critic's ego.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, 21 Days to Better Balance: Find More Balance in a Busy World|When we change our thoughts, we will change our experiences.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|While it is good that we seek to know the Holy One, it is probably not so good to presume that we ever complete the task.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|Life is about the moments you create, that you can keep it with you FOREVER. After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.
Alexander Blok, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|This is a dying fleck of love,about a drunken man, and a broken woman,taking steps into the woods,trying to remember the days,when the moon was full.
Auliq Ice|To achieve in life is A hard story, you're starting to get the picture. It's hard work, and this is just the beginning.
Pam Godwin, Dark Notes|She blinks up at me, eyes unfocused, and grooves crease her forehead. “Where did you go, gorgeous girl?
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|It has seemed to me sometimes as though the Lord breathes on this poor gray ember of Creation and it turns to radiance - for a moment or a year or the span of a life. And then it sinks back into itself again, and to look at it no one would know it had anything to do with fire, or light .... Wherever you turn your eyes the world can shine like transfiguration. You don't have to bring a thing to it except a little willingness to see. Only, who could have the courage to see it? .... Theologians talk about a prevenient grace that precedes grace itself and allows us to accept it. I think there must also be a prevenient courage that allows us to be brave - that is, to acknowledge that there is more beauty than our eyes can bear, that precious things have been put into our hands and to do nothing to honor them is to do great harm.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|...the real poison within families is not the poison that you put in your food, but the poison that grows up in the heart when people are jealous of one another and cannot speak these feelings and drain out the poison that way.
Caitlin Moran|I am a massive slag!" I think to myself, in a motivational way. "I'm a Lady Sex Adventuress! I'm a Pirate of Privates! I'm a swashfuckler!" ... I think of "Teenage Whore" by Courtney Love as my personal anthem.
Kerrelyn Sparks, Vampire Mine|What are you waiting for?" shanna asked. "He's dying! Do it!" Conner looked at Angus. "Ye do it. It was yer idea.""Nay? Ye were the first to suggest it. Ye do it.""I'm no' touching him." Conner said.He nudged Phineas "Ye do it.""I don't even know how!" Phineas poked at Robby. "You do it.""Why me?" Robby turned to Angus. "Ye're the expert. Ye do it."Angus grimaced. "I'm no' doing it. I hate the bugger.""Stop it!" Shanna screamed "You- Forget it! I'll do it myself.""Shanna you don't know how," Roman said."Gods blood. I guess I have to do it." "You guess?" Shanna cried "Are you going to let him die?""He threatens to kill me every time he sees me.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|yelling while eating was like swallowing anger. It’s simply not good for us. It leaves us unhappy and unsatisfied, as if the meal didn’t count or wasn’t good, and an hour later we’re back looking for something to make us feel better.
Manal Al-Sharif|She used to call me on the phone and scream, “I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, I AM GOING TO CHOP YOU INTO PIECES SO SMALL, YOU WILL BE A POWDER AND NO ONE WILL FIND YOU.
Leela Corman, We All Wish For Deadly Force|My mother supported my every artistic ambition. I don't wonder why. I'm beyond grateful. But when I think of my grandparents barely surviving the war, I feel so pampered. What an indulgence to be an artist. So this is it, this is all I can offer, to the living and to the dead.
Thalia|I am a planter - a cotton planter. I am a Southern man and a slaveholder - a kind and a merciful one, I trust - and none the worse for being a slaveholder.
Louise Glück, Faithful and Virtuous Night|A word drops into the mistlike a child's ball into high grasswhere it remains seductivelyflashing and glinting untilthe gold bursts are revealed to besimply field buttercups.Word/mist, word/mist: thus it was with me.
Benny Bellamacina|Comedy is, of course, closely associated with eggs.
Justin Young|I don't know how often opportunity knocks, but temptations to make foul decisions bang on my door all day long. And smelly decisions make for smelly problems later on. A few little decisions, good or bad, can make a big difference in a life. Better to run from those skunks than with them.
Katrena Patterson|I've failed in communication...and so I've learned to have open and honest dialogue at the opportune, and appropriate time.I've failed in relationships...and so I've learned to appreciate the people in my life, and to treat them with kindness.I've failed in paying bills...and so I've learned to properly and effectively manage my time, my talent and my resources.I've failed in work or business ventures...and so I've learned to be more prudent with planning, and more efficient in execution.I've failed in dodging a ball...and so I've learned to anticipate danger and to protect myself.Live, Love, Learn, and Be Well.
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|If I had done this, if I had said that, in the end you are always more tormented by what you didn't do than what you did, actions already performed can always be rationalized in time, the neglected deed might have changed the world.
Ilsa Madden-Mills, Dirty English|My mom said:‘Don’t put your finger in your brother’s ear! If you want to know how that quarter trick is done, go ask the magician.’ So I tugged on The Great Arturo's pant leg until he finally taught me how. That was my first magic trick! I was five years old.
Henry S. Whitehead, Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales|Some daughter of one of the gentry planters, perhaps? Those girls had the domestic virtues. But — he was comfortable enough with his good servants at Fairfield House. His yearnings had little relation to somebody to preside over his household. Somehow, to Cornelis, these young ladies of the planter gentry were not alluring, vital. The most attractive of them, Honoria Macartney, he could hardly imagine beside him perpetually. Honoria had the dead-white skin of the Caucasian creole lady whose face has been screened from the sun since infancy.("Sweet Grass")
Clement Alexander Price, Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance|One of the telltale signs of one who has completely embraced their authentic self is that they are, with great consistency, the same person in public as they are behind closed doors. Until you learn how to access your authentic voice, the uniqueness of who you truly are will never be fully realized. What makes you special (just like everyone else) is that you were placed here on this planet to express the one-of-a-kind being only you can be.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|And you that sought for magic in your youth but desire it not in your age, know that there is a blindness of spirit which comes from age, more black than the blindness of eye, making a darkness about you across which nothing may be seen, or felt, or known, or in any way apprehended.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing...
Napoleon Hill|Remember, the thoughts that you think and the statements you make regarding yourself determine your mental attitude. If you have a worthwhile objective, find the one reason why you can achieve it rather than hundreds of reasons why you can’t.
J.K. Rowling|Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic...
Sophocles|The books that will never be read. And all due to the fear of censorship. As always, young readers will be the real losers.
George Foreman|Trust your own instincts, go inside, follow your heart. Right from the start. go ahead and stand up for what you believe in. As I've learned, that's the path to happiness.
Temitayo Olami|Dear lover, pull my ears and not my legs for it is better to be cautioned than to be lied to.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|The beautiful truth about service is that we are afforded countless opportunities to be its vehicle. Every interaction with another is an opportunity to serve. From simply letting someone into your lane in traffic, to holding a door, to a kind smile. This is all service. I am humbled by this simple truth. We are given the opportunity to express the most meaningful use of our lives every time we interact with another sentient being.
D.H. Lawrence|It was not the passion that was new to her, it was the yearning adoration. She knew she had always feared it, for it left her helpless; she feared it still, lest if she adored him too much, then she would lose herself, become effaced, and she did not want to be effaced, a slave, like a savage woman. She must not become a slave. She feared her adoration, yet she would not at once fight against it.
Trevor Parks, Summer Vacation|You’re insane,” I told him, and stood up to dress.He hugged me from behind, pressing hard against me, rubbing his smooth chest along my back. He spoke into my ear, “Insane for you, my love.
Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa|I think part of me doesn't want to remember him, for fear of missing him too much.
John Adams|In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme.
Euginia Herlihy|I am a learner, my desire is to be a good listener and to have a teachable spirit in my life time.
Donna Lynn Hope|Life is for the loved, not the lonely." She lamented. "Although it's the lonely who try to make the world and its inhabitants less so.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|If ever we should find ourselves disposed not to admire those writers or artists, Livy and Virgil for instance, Raphael or Michael Angelo, whom all the learned had admired, [we ought] not to follow our own fancies, but to study them until we know how and what we ought to admire; and if we cannot arrive at this combination of admiration with knowledge, rather to believe that we are dull, than that the rest of the world has been imposed on.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We all know the true nature of the human soul, because we have all looked into the eyes of children, and saw ourselves looking back.
Jerry Seinfeld|We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Of all the things in the world, I'm particularly amazed at, is the conviction with which the MIND, endorses an Idea, which is phenomenal, as it differentiates the Genius from Mediocre, or not to forget the human stupidity in particular!
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|Thus ended the first and adventurous part of his existence. What followed was so different that, but for the reality of sorrow which remained with him, this strange part must have resembled a dream.
Sam Harris|Our Western society is so deeply divided between these two approaches (moralism, self-discovery) that hardly anyone can conceive of any other way to live. If you criticize or distance yourself from one, everyone assumes you have chosen to follow the other, because each of these approaches tends to divide the whole world into two basic groups. The moral conformists say: "the immoral people -- the people who 'do their own thing' -- are the problem with the world, and moral people are the solution." The advocates of self-discovery say: "The bigoted peole -- the people who say, 'We have the Truth' -- are the problem with the world, and progressive people are the solution.
Mayank S. Sengar, Life and The Grey Notes|Never treat your fear as an enemy; it’s a friend in disguise, only if we are able to recognize its worth.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Tell me, Doctor, are you afraid of death?""I guess it depends on how you die.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|(from his random observations after reading David Copperfield by Charles Dickens)In the Old Curiosity Shop I discovered that in the character of Dick Swiveller, Dickens provided P.G. Wodehouse with pretty much the whole of his oeuvre. In David Copperfield, David's bosses Spenlow and Jorkins are what must be the earliest fictional representations of good cop/bad cop.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|The liar was the hottest to defend his veracity, the coward his courage, the ill-bred his gentlemanliness, and the cad his honor
Santosh Kalwar|Dance your pain, sing your sorrows, because there is nothing else tomorrow.
Ella Frank, Blind Obsession|You are my cock slut, my sex goddess, and my beautiful girl. That's all you need to know.
Jez Humble, Continuous Delivery: Reliable Software Releases Through Build, Test, and Deployment Automation|Modern technology has become a total phenomenon for civilization, the defining force of a new social order in which efficiency is no longer an option but a necessity imposed on all human activity.
Cindee Snider Re, Discovering Hope: Beginning the Journey Toward Hope in Chronic Illness|Recently God asked me the same question in a new way, "And if I don't allow you to heal, if I never remove the pain, will you still trust Me?
Heraclitus|Because it is so unbelievable, the truth often escapes being known.
David Bailey|Ah! yes, I know: those who see me rarely trust my word: I must look too intelligent to keep it.
Auliq-Ice|The rule is easy to understand.Be simple, honest & smart.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|Technology has changed things, same as everywhere. But the economy has changed drastically. When Jamaica first won independence, our dollar was stronger than the U.S. dollar. Now ours is about 90 to one. That's had a big impact on crime and poverty.
Sunday Adelaja|When we allow people to come into our environment, God gives us His environment
Stefan Molyneux|The cult of friendship disturbs me. It's like our quality is supposed to be measured by the number of friends we have. For me, it's quite the inverse. When somebody says "I'm friends with everyone" I just assume they have the spine of your average jellyfish and the integrity of your average soap dish. "I have tons of close friends!" Ok, then you obviously have no standards. "I've slept with lots of people!" Good, I will shake your hand from inside this Hazmat suit. It's like you have to have friends or you're nothing, and you gotta have lots of friends, and the more friends you have the more value you have. This Is a way of lowering our standards to fit in. I'm a big fan of quality over quantity. Everyone wants to look at their life like it's a beer commercial they can just climb into. The larger the circle of friends the more alcohol is involved to blind yourself to the fact that you cant stand most of these assholes.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I brought the newspaper close up to my eyes to get a better view of George Pollucci's face, spotlighted like a three-quarter moon against a vague background of brick and black sky. I felt he had something important to tell me, and that whatever it was might just be written on his face.But the smudgy crags of George Pollucci's features melted away as I peered at them, and resolved themselves into a regular pattern of dark and light and medium gray dots.The inky black newspaper paragraph didn't tell why Mr Pollucci was on the ledge, or what Sgt Kilmartin did to him when he finally got him in through the window.
Sunday Adelaja|If God the Father and God the Son use light, knowledge, insight, understanding and wisdom to function on the earth, it means that is the greatest power in existence.
Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship|You know, we can quote the written Word all day to our friends, but nothing will touch them like our own hunger and love for the Word himself. It is not dutiful love that attracts but love freely lavished from a heart familiar with the gardens of heaven.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|you know what her punishment is for tormenting you way back when?" he said.I looked at him.He said, "her punishment is being her,
Reza Aslan|As you know, the South is known for its hospitality, traditions, football, pageants, and food. Football is almost like a religion here. People say their priorities are faith, family, and then football. People eat, breathe, and sleep it in the South. It's a huge deal.
Jettie Necole|Olivia responded with confidence, “You’re the military. You’re in charge. Why would I be scared?
Elise Icten|This reality requires you to bury your nature and conform. This is the only way to survive. It is within this reality one often shares a minuscule of what one could share. Competition and scarcity dominate the mind and the heart shuts down. The lure with which one acquires is left with with subsequent hollowness. There was nothing to be had as all it was, was appearance. The conqueror leaves empty-handed. During a lonely moment, one can go and touch inside. It is here that the spirit shows how life is wasted by living a lie.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If there is a construction or a pathway in the spirit to be made, it is the way of godliness.
Patrick McGrath, Trauma|Isolated people, those who live alone, are always conscious of their condition in the homes of families.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|There are hours for rest, and hours for wakefulness; nights for sobriety and nights for drunkenness—(if only so that possession of the former allows us to discern the latter when we have it; for sad as it is, no human body can be happily drunk all the time).
Annette Thomas|Knowledge is power, wisdom is power with a purpose.
Alexia Purdy|After I left here on Saturday, I decided never to see you again.”He was sliding the frittata under the broiler, so she could only see his profile, but damn if he didn’t appear to be smirking.“I know that, darling. It wounds my pride you won’t go out with me, but I can console myself with the knowledge that when you do see me, you can’t keep your knickers on for ten minutes running.”She threw her cookie at him, feigning indignation. “You bastard! Are you calling me easy?”“I like you easy. Besides, you’re not to blame. Who’d want to wear wet knickers?
Steve Israel|It's very difficult to break into motion pictures, but it's oddly easier for directors today because of independent films and cable, who have inherited for the most part those films of substance that the studios are reluctant to finance.
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|In the end, what will hurt us the most is not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Horizon|Don't let fear swallow all your happiness. Don't forget to take joy." Dag gulped. Both of their grounds were nearly closed. It was Arkady's voice alone that hinted how hard-bought this bit of wisdom might've been, yet the words had been nearly toneless.
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life|To put it bluntly but fairly, anyone today who doubts that the variety of life on this planet was produced by a process of evolution is simply ignorant—inexcusably ignorant, in a world where three out of four people have learned to read and write.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The saddest words I can ever imagine would be to hear the Lord say, “I never knew you. Away from Me” [Matthew 7:23 NIV].
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|The Bishop blessed him and helped him to his feet."May God have mercy on you," he said. And erased him from his heart.
Jack Dangermond|First, as I've always said, it all starts with product, which means having the right assortment, styles, and fits. Second is price, where we strive to offer the best quality, style, and design at a fair value. This is critically important, given the highly promotional environment we are operating in. And third, traffic.
Augusta Li, The Brush Whistler's Song|Living with thieves, it would be a matter of moments before they picked the lock, but she certainly was not going to make it easy for them.
Ashim Shanker|Here in Alpha City, we have a common saying: “What we call ‘sky’ is merely a figment of our narrative.” The most dreamy-eyed among us seem to adorn themselves and their aspirations in that proverb and you’ll see it everywhere: in advertisements on the sides of streetcars and auto-rickshaws, spelled out in studs and rhinestones on designer jackets, emblazoned in the intricate designs of facial tattoos—even painted on city walls by putrid vandals and inspiring street artists. There is something glorious about kneading out into the doughy firmament the depth and breadth of one’s own universe, in rendering the contours of a sky whose limits are predicated only upon the bounds of one’s own imagination. The fact of the matter is that we cannot see the natural sky at all here. It is something like a theoretical mathematical expression: like the square-root of ‘negative one’—certainly it could be said to have a purpose for existing, but to cast eyes upon it, in its natural quantity, would be something akin to casting one’s eyes upon the raw elements comprising our everyday sustenance. How many of us have even borne close witness to the minute chemical compounds that react to lend battery power to our portable electronics? The sky is indeed such a concealed fixture now. It is fair to say that we have purged our memories of its true face and so we can only approximate a canvas and project our desires upon it to our heart’s dearest fancy. The most cynical among us would ostensibly declare it an unavoidable tragedy, but perhaps even these hardened individuals could not remember the naked sky well enough to know if what they were missing was something worthwhile. Perhaps, it’s cynical of me to say so! In any case, we have our searchlights pointed upwards and crisscrossing that expanse of heavens as though to make some sensational and profane joke of ourselves to the surrounding universe. We beam already video images of beauty pageants and dancing contests with smiling mannequins who look like buffoons. And so, the face of space cloaks itself behind our light pollution—in this respect, our mirrored sidewalks and lustrous streets do little to help our cause—and that face remains hidden from us in its jeering ridicule, its mocking laughter at this inexorable farce of human existence.
Pamela Freeman, Blood Ties|The fact that she was still alive felt wrong, out of balance. She didn't feel special, or protected, or gods-bound. She thought the gods had acted to protect the roan, and she had just been along for the ride. It was the roan who was special, not she.I should be dead, she thought. If she was dead, then all would have been settled. The warlord's men would have been satisfied to see her body swept away, the roan would have been safe from Beck's whip, the ghost of tyhe man she had killed could have gone to his rest. There was a rounding off - a justice - in her death. But alive, no one was satisfied and no one was safe.
C.E. Murphy, Walking Dead|It had occurred to him that if the undead don't realize that they are dead, he might easily be one of them himself.
Jeanne Voelker|It's wonderful to look back at our old writing and cringe. It simply means we have grown and can write better now. And you found some parts you can be proud of, so when you throw the old writing on the floor and stomp on it, remember to celebrate those seeds of genius and be glad that you're still writing.
Sarah Dessen|Because you have to just go with the flow. Your life is not your own, with people coming in and out all the time. You get mellow because you have to.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|The blame of course belonged to Clyde, who just was not much given to talk. Also, he seemed very little curious himself: Grady, alarmed sometimes by the meagerness of his inquiries and the indifference this might suggest, supplied him liberally with personal information; which isn't to say she always told the truth, how many people in love do? or can? but at least she permitted him enough truth to account more or less accurately for all the life she had lived away from him. It was her feeling, however, that he would as soon not hear her confessions: he seemed to want her to be as elusive, as secretive as he was himself.
Sami Abouzid|I missed you ,I missed everything about youYour magical eyes ,Your heavenly smile ...Baby I’m in love with you
Charles Fishman|The small stuff matters. The company that became the largest and most powerful in history isn't a military contractor or a car company. It isn't the result of savvy lobbyists in Washington, or the happenstance of controlling the supply of petroleum, or some kind of cabal that is beyond the understanding of ordinary people. The largest and most powerful company in history is built by each of us handing over three single dollar bills over and over again.
Henry Johnson Jr|Our assumptions of playing "gods" could lead to our own ignorance.
RVM|In the pursuit of acquiring Treasures, we lose the ONE treasure that we truly possess—Life. Let us not lose Life in the wild pursuit of other things.
Amanda Hocking, Freeks|Darkness engulfed me...There was no ground below me, no sky above. Only the black, and the cold.
Ernest Holmes|I met the president when he was president-elect at a meeting in Austin. He spoke of his faith. He spoke of his desire for a compassionate conservatism, for a faith-based initiative that would do something for poor people.
Sunday Adelaja|We will understand that fear is not a special feature of human being, if we saw ourselves from the creator’s point of view
Fakeer Ishavardas|Strip yourself naked, of your fancied ideas about What Is. Then, seek "It". That Which Is. Otherwise, all you're going to find is dick.
Kenya Wright, Flirting with Chaos|It used to be that when I made mistakes like this or came close to losing my life, I would just call Miguel. He'd drop it all to come to me—his movies, media engagements no matter how big they were, and even his criminal activities went on hold for me. It made me think he cared.Miguel canceled an appearance on the Dave Letterman show just because he called me and thought my voice sounded like something was wrong.He directed his gaze to the bruises decorating my face. “You said you weren't hurt.”With those big arms, he picked me up and slammed the door behind us. “When I ask you if you're okay, you tell me the truth.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture Of Dorian Gray; A Moral Entertainment|I never met your likeness. Jane: you please me, and you master me - you seem to submit, and I like the sense of pliancy you impart; and while I am twining the soft, silken skein round my finger, it sends a thrill up my arm to my heart. I am influenced - conquered; and the influence is sweeter than I can express; and the conquest I undergo has a witchery beyond any triumph _I_ can win.
Donna J. Haraway|From this point of view, science - the real game in town - is rhetoric, a series of efforts to persuade relevant social actors that one's manufactured knowledge is a route to a desired form of very objective power.
J. G. Saxe|You know you are getting older when "happy hour" is a nap.
Charles de Leusse|I just want you to know, I love the way you look at me. Make's me feel like everything's gonna be okay.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|There was a Being whom my spirit oftMet on its visioned wanderings far aloft.A seraph of Heaven, too gentle to be human,Veiling beneath that radiant form of woman....
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Words have the power to change us." - Tessa Gray
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Look behind you! Can you see yesterday? Look ahead of you! Can you see tomorrow? Yesterday is gone; tomorrow is yet to come! Learn from yesterday and plan for tomorrow, but be happy with your today, for that is all you have! Work hard with diligence in it and do your best to make it the best today! You may never have another wonderful day like today! If it is a rough day, work hard to be an over comer in the day, and that will make your story for the day a wonderful one! If it is a comfortable day, enjoy it and invest in it for a lasting tomorrow’s comfort for you least know what in reality is ahead of you! Build a solid tomorrow today! Today is today; use it well!
Gerard Del Re, The Christmas Almanack|This is the way the wheel turns, coming at last to full circle, with wild as well as tame at he crib; lion and turtle-dove together an barnyard beasts lying down with the fox. For wild and tame are but two hlaves and here, where all begins and ends, everything must be whole.And always, among the sleepers, there must be somebody waking - somewhere, someone, waking and watchful. Or what would happen to the world..?
Robin Sacredfire|Why do you think you are always right?" Asks a dumb person that can't understand why I make a living as a self-help author or why she is wasting my time and I will never speak to her ever again.
Rachel Caine, Paper and Fire|Some people want you to call them rabbi; some people want you to call them American; some people want you to admire their tats. We’ve all got our facades. At least the dean’s self-qualifier is based on merit. Can you say the same about your tattoos? Come on, he’s a sad man. Leave him alone.
George Orwell|Sharply the menacing wind sweeps overThe bending poplars, newly bare,And the dark ribbons of the chimneysVeer downward; flicked by whips of air.Torn posters flutter; coldly soundThe boom of trams and the rattle of hooves,And the clerks who hurry to the stationLook, shuddering, over the eastern rooves,Thinking, each one, "Here comes the winter!"Please God I keep my job this year!"And bleakly, as the cold strikes throughTheir entrails like an icy spear,They think of rent, rates, season tickets,Insurance, coal, the skivvy's wages,Boots, school-bills and the next installmentUpon the two twin beds from Drage's.For if in careless summer daysIn groves of Ashtaroth we whored,Repentant now, when winds blow cold,We kneel before our rightful lord;The lord of all, the money-god,Who rules us blood and hand and brain,Who gives the roof that stops the wind,And, giving, takes away again;Who spies with jealous, watchful care,Our thoughts, our dreams, our secret ways,Who picks our words and cuts our clothes,And maps the pattern of our days;Who chills our anger, curbs our hope.And buys our lives and pays with toys,Who claims as tribute broken faith,Accepted insults, muted joys;Who binds with chains the poet's wit,The navvy's strength, the soldier's pride,And lays the sleek, estranging shieldBetween the lover and his bride.
Emily March, Lover's Leap|He was a professional athlete and coach, a Ferrari who lived his life in the fast lane. She was a girl-next-door kind of girl, closer to a golf cart than a sports car.
R.P. Noronha, A Tale Told By An Idiot|In the countryside he heard horns and drums and followed the sound to a temple of granite and marble set in a compound that included shrines and incense stalls, people squatting against the walls, beggars, touts, flower-sellers, those who watch over your shoes for a couple of weightless coins.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|Am I creating my own isolation? It seems to me that most of my acts are acts of integrity. So much takes place within me each day that by comparison I find a paucity, a stinginess, a silence in people which drives me to excess.
Beth Bagley|If the changes that we fear be thus irresistible, what remains but to acquiesce with silence, as in the other insurmountable distresses of humanity? It remains that we retard what we cannot repel, that we palliate what we cannot cure. Life may be lengthened by care, though death cannot be ultimately defeated: tongues, like governments, have a natural tendency to degeneration; we have long preserved our constitution, let us make some struggles for our language.
Les Standiford, Bone Key|That's easy," Russell said. "Because everybody else in this here place is crooked as a dog's hind leg. ...
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|La promessa diventa un dolce pensiero che allevia la distanza e supera il tempo, poi un ricordo che si perde lento ma conserva il sogno, poi la rinuncia per paura che non sia altro che un sogno. Ma quando ami, quando ami davvero, basta un momento, uno sguardo, fosse pure solo un'immagine sbiadita tra la pioggia, e si riaccende tutto.
Winston S. Churchill|If you are going through hell, keep going
John Boyne, The Boy at the Top of the Mountain|Okay then, we’re set” he thought. “Come and get it”. The enemy, his enemy, were walking into the classic football ambush and they didn’t have a fucking clue.
J.D. Robb, New York to Dallas|Extreme civilization robs crime of its frightful poetry, and prevents the writer from restoring it. That would be too dreadful, say those good souls who want everything to be prettified, even the horrible. In the name of philanthropy, imbecile criminologists reduce the punishment, and inept moralists the crime, and what is more they reduce the crime only in order to reduce the punishment. Yet the crimes of extreme civilization are undoubtedly more atrocious than those of extreme barbarism, by virtue of their refinement, of the corruption they imply and of their superior degree of intellectualism. ("A Woman's Vengeance")
Penn Jillette|I don't develop anything. I don't practice, I don't rehearse. I just go out there, and it's just amazing and unpredictable and spontaneous every single time. It's the most cultivating incredible performance that you can go and see live for the amount of money that you can see it for.
Dada Bhagwan|Fruit of discharge karma with shukladhyan (contemplation as the Self, Pure Soul) is moksha, and fruit of discharge karma with dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to not hurt anyone, to give happiness to others) is tremendous punya. It binds punyanubandhi punya (merit karma which binds more merit karma).
Dorothy Gilman, The Elusive Mrs. Pollifax|the problems changed, but people were the same
Dance of the Gods|Check the top 1000 books on Amazon. Most of them have a shirtless guy on the cover, because they're smutty "romance novels" (read: porn for women) about a girl being swept off her feet by one (or more) billionaire alpha-males. There are literally tens of thousands of books out there about shirtless billionaire alpha-male vampires who can't wait to mate with you. Lucky you! And women eat that shit up! Men, not so much. Men prefer to watch actual porn.
Nadège Richards|You have terminated me,” one of them said in a strange, flat voice. “But Iam one of many.”“Robots!” Iggy breathed, taking Total from Angel.“One of many, one of many, one of many,” the robot Eraser was saying. NowNudge saw the red light in its eyes, saw how they were fading and winking out.“Good!” spat the Gasman, kicking it hard. “Because we like to blow stuff up,blow stuff up, blow stuff up!
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|This is what our love is––a sacred pattern of unbroken unity sewn flawlessly invisible inside all other images, thoughts, smells, and sounds.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I would teach how science works as much as I would teach what science knows. I would assert (given that essentially, everyone will learn to read) that science literacy is the most important kind of literacy they can take into the 21st century. I would undervalue grades based on knowing things and find ways to reward curiosity. In the end, it's the people who are curious who change the world.
Ginni Rometty|Work used to be the No. 1 important thing to me. Everything revolved around it, and to have a new perspective and have something else, my family, not just being a mom but being a part of an incredible family of my own, it makes me have a different perspective on life that I think is richer.
Michael Brett Turner|I could have all of the powers of mind in the world, but still be alone. Until I have met with the curiosity of others, I will remain alone and in hell. I have a dream, but I am not living it.At least I have comfort in completing CAPTHA's.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Then come here," he said, a bit redundantly, as he had already pulled her with him into an armchair and curled her up in his arms. "Tell me what I can do to help you feel be
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Lost World|Daisy didn't just change our lives, she changed our destiny.
Eric Ries|The attributes for entrepreneurs cut both ways. You need the ability to ignore inconvenient facts and see the world as it should be and not as it is. This inspires people to take huge leaps of faith. But this blindness to facts can be a liability, too. The characteristics that help entrepreneurs succeed can also lead to their failure.
Tracey Clark, Shocking Finds|Let me get this straight. You didn’t feel it would be acceptable to enter my home without permission, but taking my clothes was just fine and dandy?” -Marin
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|If you knew how the journey was going to end, you could afford to be patient along the path.
Rosemary Rawlins|Our health is what we make of it - give it attention and it improves, give it none and it subsides.
Chiang Kai-shek|The class of citizens who provide at once their own food and their own raiment, may be viewed as the most truly independent and happy.
Anne Bishop, The House of Gaian|There was something about decapitating an already dead woman, only to follow up with shared brownies with a witch he wasn't sure he trusted and simultaneously wanted to do the horizontal tango with, that drained the energy from him.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Enlightenment comes when you understand the language of heart - the language of tree, birds and the nature.
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|When time is not in your favor, be in favor of time
Robert Christgau|...unlike Aretha, [Al Green's] only rival vocally, Al never sold himself short in the studio. Where the albums follow the vagaries of genius, the hits exploit Al's personal production line, every one a perfect soul record and a perfect pop record in whatever order suits your petty little values. Brashly feminine and seductively woman-friendly, he breaks free in a register that darts and floats and soars into falsetto with startling frequency and beguiling ease. He's so gorgeous, so sexy, so physically attractive that only masochists want to live without him.
Manjula Martin, Scratch: Writers, Money, and the Art of Making a Living|People wonder when you're allowed to call yourself a writer. I think maybe the answer is when you recognize that is work." - Nina MacLaughlin, 'With Compliments
Jacob A. Riis, How the Other Half Lives|Oh, God! That bread should be so dear, And flesh and blood so cheap!
Cynder|Mystics are all a bit funny in the head anyway," the priest added cynically, "which is why the church locks them all up in mental hospitals and euphemistically calls these institutions monasteries.
C. JoyBell C.|Time, place, and space for all things, but spending [the] majority of one's time playing in outer places, and far less time exploring inner space, is perhaps the worst form of neglect. Don't play yourself; the real you awaits.
John Patrick Shanley, Doubt|If I could, Sister James, I would certainly choose to live in innocence. But innocence can only be wisdom in a world without evil. Situations arise and we are confronted with wrongdoing and the need to act.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|Ty?” I said, trying out your name, liking the way it sounded. “So what’s it like anyway? Australia?”You smiled then, and your whole face changed with it. It kind of lit up, like there were sunbeams coming from inside you.“You’ll find out,” you said.
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|There were no stars, only the darkness and an arctic chill that had intensified since the first thin, blood-red stripes of sunrise shimmered on the ocean’s horizon.
Emma Ludbrook|People will always tear you down and give you countless reasons to give up, but if you have faith in yourself, you can accomplish anything.
Kristen McNulty|The story of grace is the Gospel of not just forgiveness, but also of redemption. God uses the weak, the ones who have failed and the ones who had run out of second chances long ago.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|I don't know about your true form, but the weight of your ego sure is pushing the crust of the earth toward the breaking point.
Iimani David|Thirty-nine years of my life had passed before I understood that clouds were not my enemy; that they were beautiful, and that I needed them. I suppose this, for me, marked the beginning of wisdom. Life is short.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Speaking of your eyeballs, dear brother,I overheard some girls talking about you in the restroom at the tournament hotel. Apparently rumor now has it that you won’t allow anyone to see your eyes—ever. In fact, according to this knowledgeable source, you even sleep and shower with your glasses on in case someone unexpectedly walks in...one of them said she’d seen your eyes for herself two years ago and could only describe them as 'ferocious and roving,’ and ‘burning white-hot with a primal, raw wildness.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you can't be real and firm with others about who you are, you will be doomed to a phony, plastic bullshit existence, where you only live for others.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|Truth: Rape does indeed happen between girlfriend and boyfriend, husband and wife. Men who force their girlfriends or wives into having sex are committing rape, period. The laws are blurry, and in some countries marital rape is legal. But it still is rape.
John Granger, The Deathly Hallows Lectures: The Hogwarts Professor Explains the Final Harry Potter Adventure|Second, the reason to embrace and celebrate these novels as the countercultural event that they are is due largely to the subliminal messages delivered by Harry and friends in their stolen wheelbarrows. Readers walk away, maybe a little softer on the occult than they were, but with story-embedded messages: the importance of a pure soul; love's power even over death; about sacrifice and loyalty; a host of images and shadows about Christ and how essential 'right belief' is for personal transformation and victory over internal and external evils.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|Occupying the bottom end of the inequality ladder, and becoming a 'collateral victim' of a human action or a natural disaster, interact the way the opposite poles of magnets do: they tend to gravitate towards each other.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|And so I ask myself: 'Where are your dreams?' And I shake my head and mutter: 'How the years go by!' And I ask myself again: 'What have you done with those years? Where have you buried your best moments? Have you really lived? Look,' I say to myself, 'how cold it is becoming all over the world!' And more years will pass and behind them will creep grim isolation. Tottering senility will come hobbling, leaning on a crutch, and behind these will come unrelieved boredom and despair. The world of fancies will fade, dreams will wilt and die and fall like autumn leaves from the trees. . . .
Richard Bachman, Thinner|I covet solitude and storms…and rain, with its geography of dark silence and distance
Manal Al-Sharif, Daring to Drive: A Saudi Woman’s Awakening|How odd it is that we judge a woman by her clothes and the place she eats lunch and the subjects she talks about with her colleagueson her coffee break, yet we don’t judge a man if he doesn’t grow his beard or if he works with women or speaks to them. Why do Saudi women allow subjugation to a man and adhere to men’s rules and conditions? Why did I?
Beatrix Potter, The Tale of Peter Rabbit|When we lost something precious, and we'd looked and looked and still couldn't find it, then we didn't have to be completely heartbroken. We still had that last bit of comfort, thinking one day, when we were grown up, and we were free to travel the country, we could always go and find it again in Norfolk.
Rudolf Karl Bultmann|The signs of the old flame, I know them well.I pray that the earth gape deep enough to take me downor the almighty Father blast me with one bolt to the shades,the pale, glimmering shades in hell, the pit of night,before I dishonor you, my conscience, break your laws.
Edward Rutherfurd, The Rebels of Ireland|So does nobody care about Ireland?""Nobody. Neither King Louis, nor King Billie, nor King James." He nodded thoughtfully. "The fate of Ireland will be decided by men not a single one of whom gives a damn about her. That is her tragedy.
litymunshi|We choose fruits to have .before eating ,wash it ,watch this,and feel good about this . relationship is just one of this .people choose .taste ,feel . so separation doubt or rejection matters . in various experiences this is really happening __ some relationships ,we do not choose . these are gifted to us ,stays us .any ups and down cant create separation .few are such to understand .
