B. B. King|I think that 'Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance' was mentally taxing, if only because I had to go to a Christmas party shortly after I had wrapped photography in Romania at two in the morning as the Ghost Rider. The invitation had a Christmas ornament on it with Ghost Rider's face on it as a tree.
Gail Carriger, Curtsies & Conspiracies|Buy less, choose well & do it﻿ yourself!
Ash Parsons, Still Waters|How everyone is struggling for something. Trying to keep the balance. Struggling to find their way back. Doing the best they can with what they've been dealt. Staying in place, doing anything to keep from sinking. To keep from rising. Until something changes. Like a day at school, a friend for lunch, someone standing up for you. And the choice to feel. Standing before you. Realizing what part is yours. What you can and can't do. Who you are. Who you are meant to be. More than the sum of all your broken parts.
Dada Bhagwan|Until Self-realization is attained; it is not worth having a fixed-view at any place, it is not worth having habitual-devotion at any place and it is not worth stopping anywhere.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|It is foolishness to want what never was or will never will be, lament the passage of time, and live in fearfulness of an uncertain future. The moods generated by regret including depression and self-loathing congeal in our sentient consciousness creating the painful landscape of the self.
Voltaire|Go into the London Stock Exchange – a more respectable place than many a court – and you will see representatives from all nations gathered together for the utility of men. Here Jew, Mohammedan and Christian deal with each other as though they were all of the same faith, and only apply the word infidel to people who go bankrupt. Here the Presbyterian trusts the Anabaptist and the Anglican accepts a promise from the Quaker. On leaving these peaceful and free assemblies some go to the Synagogue and others for a drink, this one goes to be baptized in a great bath in the name of Father, Son and Holy Ghost, that one has his son’s foreskin cut and has some Hebrew words he doesn’t understand mumbled over the child, others go to heir church and await the inspiration of God with their hats on, and everybody is happy.
Quinesia Johnson, Growth In Expression: Modern Christian Poems|All those years thinking I was saved and had said my yes to God, but was really living the no.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Simple shifts in points of view can open doors to expansions of consciousness as easily as rigid dispositions can close hearts and minds to such elevated awareness. It generally depends on whether you allow fear and violence to rule your actions or whether you give wisdom, courage, and compassion the authority to do so.
Malebo Sephodi, Miss Behave|In being everything for everyone, when am I anything for myself?
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously.
Parwez Musharraf|Like the Nazis, the cadres of jihad have a death wish that sets the seal on their nihilism. The goal of a world run by an oligarchy in possession of Teutonic genes, who may kill or enslave other 'races' according to need, is not more unrealizable than the idea that a single state, let alone the globe itself, could be governed according to the dictates of an allegedly holy book. This mad scheme begins by denying itself the talents (and the rights) of half the population, views with superstitious horror the charging of interest, and invokes the right of Muslims to subject nonbelievers to special taxes and confiscations. Not even Afghanistan or Somalia, scenes of the furthest advances yet made by pro-caliphate forces, could be governed for long in this way without setting new standards for beggary and decline.
Victor Hugo, The Man Who Laughs|I am come to warn you. I am come to impeach your happiness. It is fashioned out of the misery of your neighbour. You have everything, and that is composed of the nothing of others… As for me, I am but a voice. Mankind is a mouth, of which I am the cry. You shall hear me!
Charles Michael Davis|During my eleven years as a New York City public school teacher, I saw firsthand the impact that poverty has on the classroom. In low-income neighborhoods like Sunset Park, where I taught, students as young as five years old enter school affected by the stresses often created by poverty: domestic violence, drug abuse, gang activity.
Dani Harper, First Bite|Maybe she’d remember him as a pain in the ass. Or maybe, he hoped most of all, that she’d remember what she told him: “You can be a real jerk sometimes, but you’re decent.” As epitaphs went, it wasn’t bad.
Michael Ealy|As Christians, our compassion is simply a response to the love that God has already shown us.
Robert E. Howard, Queen of the Black Coast|I have known many gods. He who denies them is as blind as he who trusts them too deeply. I seek not beyond death. It may be the blackness averred by the Nemedian skeptics, or Crom's realm of ice and cloud, or the snowy plains and vaulted halls of the Nordheimer's Valhalla. I know not, nor do I care. Let me live deep while I live; let me know the rich juices of red meat and stinging wine on my palate, the hot embrace of white arms, the mad exultation of battle when the blue blades flame and crimson, and I am content. Let teachers and philosophers brood over questions of reality and illusion. I know this: if life is illusion, then I am no less an illusion, and being thus, the illusion is real to me. I live, I burn with life, I love, I slay, and am content.
Katherine Mansfield|It became very clear to the director that it would be foolish not to use our friendship. I had tried to talk to him about it because all the relationships in the film are so, not negative, but antagonistic. There's not a lot of love going around.
Paola Kaufmann, The Sister: A Novel of Emily Dickinson|I suppose that having lost true love once, I never wanted to replace it with a lukewarm approximation that would only serve to make me remember it forever.
Nalini Singh, Caressed by Ice|Since Sienna was in an unusually cooperative mood, the session went well. He was returning from it midmorning - after a short detour - when a small naked body barreled into him in one of the main corridors. Steadying the boy with Tk, he looked down. The child lifted a finger to his lips. "Shh. I'm hiding." With that, he went behind Judd and scrambled into a small alcove. "Quickly!Not sure why he obeyed the order, Judd backed up to stand in front of the alcove, arms crossed. A flustered Lara came running around the corner a few seconds later. "Have you seen Ben? Four-year-old. Naked as a jaybird?""How tall is he?" Judd asked in his most overbearing Psy manner.Lara stared. "He's four. How tall do you think he is? Have you seen him or not?""Let me think...did you say he was naked?""He was about to be bathed. Slippery little monkey."A giggle from behind Judd.Lara's eyes widened and then her lips twitched. "So you haven't seen him?""Without a proper description, I can't be sure."The healer was obviously trying not to laugh. "You shouldn't encourage him - he's incorrigible as it is."Judd felt childish hands on his left calf and then Ben poked his head out. "I'm incorwigeable, did ya hear?"Judd nodded. "I do believe you've been found. Why don't you go have your bath?""Come on, munchkin." Lara held out a hand.Surprisingly strong baby arms and legs wrapped around Judd's leg. "No. I wanna stay with Uncle Judd."Lara anticipated his question. "Ben spends a lot of time with Marlee.""I spend a lot of time with Marlee," a small voice piped up.
Meg Rosoff, Just in Case|He was a peculiar sight. Tears rolling down his face, shouting to drown the sound of the singing rabbit; he said he needed help, pointed to a chicken, handed over some money, grabbed his parcel and bolted out the door in panic.Boys, thought the butcher.Drugs, thought the woman.Justin Case, thought Dorothea.
Brother Andrew, God's Smuggler|Let us choose life and love, and happily use our selves up in loving service to one another.
Pliny the Elder, Natural History|In wine, there's truth.
Tullian Tchividjian|I want to let my fans get to know a little about me. I'm very thankful for everything they've done for me so, of course, I'm going to let them into my world a bit. But I really am a very private person, and I love kepping my life to myself - that's how I've always been.
Story Waters, The Messiah Seed Volume I|When you are standing at a crossroads in your life, realizethat the greatest block that you can put in front of your Self is the ideathat there is a ‘right’ choice.
Andrea Corr|When I'm ready, I plan to adopt. I still believe in family.
Jessi Kirby, Things We Know by Heart|So this is what you two do when you’re up here,” Dean drawls. “All that deep, intensive tutoring.” He air-quotes the last word, chuckling in delight.“Actually, Garrett’s just helping me brush up on my make-out skills,” I tell Dean in the most casual voice I can muster.Dean snickers. “’That so?”“Okay…” Dean’s eyes gleam. “Then I’m calling your bluff, baby doll. Show me your moves.”I blink in surprise. “What?”“If a doctor told you you’ve got ten days to live, you’d go for a second opinion, wouldn’t you? Well, if you’re worried about being a crappy kisser, you can’t just take G’s word for it. You need a second opinion.” His brows lift in challenge. “Let me see what you’ve got.”“Stop being a jackass,” Garrett mutters.“No, he has a point,” I answer awkwardly, and my brain screams, What?He has a point? Apparently Garrett’s body-melting kisses have turned me into a crazy person.
Albert Cohen, Belle du Seigneur|Un soir qu'ils étaient couchés l'un près de l'autre, comme elle lui demandait d'inventer un poème qui commencerait par je connais un beau pays, il s'exécuta sur-le-champ. Je connais un beau pays Il est de l'or et d'églantine Tout le monde s'y sourit Ah quelle aventure fine Les tigres y sont poltrons Les agneaux ont fière mine À tous les vieux vagabonds Ariane donne des tartines. Alors, elle lui baisa le la main, et il eut honte de cette admiration.
Debra  Kay, EXcapades|While I stood on the front porch, watching him climb into his vehicle, I breathed in the humid air. I looked at the cloudless sky, and the blue vastness of it made me think about the endless opportunities that lay ahead for me. Life, I knew, was going to be different now… better. I was going to live for today and for the future. Dear past… thank you for the lessons. Dear future… I am ready.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|If we do not redefine manhood, war is inevitable.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When we give all to another in a love without conditions, we get to understand how much God loves us.
Gene Roddenberry|Sometimes when I'm faced with an atheist, I am tempted to invite him to the greatest gourmet dinner that one could ever serve, and when we have finished eating that magnificent dinner, to ask him if he believes there's a cook.
Jared Padalecki|A lot of modern comedies are difficult to watch too, because they're so ironic and so detached and so quote-unquote clever. They kind of keep you at arm's length. They can be really funny, but they're not really nourishing.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|At three in the morning the gaudy paint is off that old whore, the world, and she has no nose and a glass eye. Gaiety becomes hollow and brittle, as in Poe's castle surrounded by the Red Death. Horror is destroyed by boredom. Love is a dream.
Winston Churchill|Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.
Jodi Thomas, To Kiss a Texan|No.” Allie stood her ground. “I’ll not go in.““Me, neither.” Jason slid from his horse. “If Allie ain’t going in, I’m not going in.”Wes glanced skyward. How was it possible for his near mute wife to pick up an echo? After four years in the Army, leading men, and two years of pushing cattle to market, it took Allie to make Wes realize that a leader wasn’t a leader unless he had a follower.“All right, where would you like to sleep tonight?
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|Domination is a relationship, not a condition; it depends on the participation of both parties. Hierarchical power is not just the gun in the policeman's hand; it is just as much the obedience of the ones who act as if it is always pointed at them. It is not just the government and the executives and the armed forces; it extends through society from top to bottom, an interlocking web of control and compliance. Sometimes all it takes to be complicit in the oppression of millions is to die of natural causes.
Gilly Macmillan, What She Knew|If someone lies to you habitually, you can't ever trust them. It erodes relationships.
Desiigner|On the morning, Daddy and I get up at six o'clock because Christmas trees must be bought in the dark. We walk to the other end of town, as the big harbour is just the right setting for buying a Christmas tree. We spend hours choosing, looking at every branch suspiciously. It's always cold.
Quintilian|Men may live fools, but fools they cannot die.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Jesus does not cherish an offense, loving us as well after the offense as before it.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|I spend money on convenient, comfortable and luxurious things; I spend money on books too.
Vladimir Nabokov, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Cynthia had been on friendly terms with an eccentric librarian called Porlock who in the last years of his dusty life had been engaged in examining old books for miraculous misprints such as the substitution of "1" for the second "h" in the word "hither." Contrary to Cynthia, he cared nothing for the thrill of obscure predictions; all he sought was the freak itself, the chance that mimics choice, the flaw that looks like a flower; and Cynthia, a much more perverse amateur of misshapen or illicitly connected words, puns, logogriphs, and so on, had helped the poor crank to pursue a quest that in the light of the example she cited struck me as statistically insane. ("The Vane Sisters")
Ali Ibn Abi Taleb|Incest, rape and abuse is rampant everywhere, even in our churches, but society is silent. It is a silent epidemic. One in three women will experience a sexual assault in her lifetime and one in six males, yet we don't speak of it, even in our churches!
Imelda Staunton|Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|It is because I think so much of warm and sensitive hearts, that I would spare them from being wounded.
Lee Pryke|Never blame circumstances for your condition, you yourself are responsible for what you go through. If someone's treating you bad, its your fault not theirs. If you are not satisfied with your life, its time you take a step and change it. Nobody will stand for you, nobody will help you, its you who has to ultimately do something for yourself. Doesn't matters if you're hurting yourself for a small time, imagine when things will change and your life will change, how happy you'll be... Let that imagination drive you and help you in your betterment. God is watching everything, always think that, as long as, there's someone in the sky to watch over me, nobody on earth can hurt me...
Tobias Wolff, In Pharaoh's Army: Memories of the Lost War|In the very act of writing I felt pleased with what I did. There was the pleasure of having words come to me, and the pleasure of ordering them, re-ordering them, weighing one against another. Pleasure also in the imagination of the story, the feeling that it could mean something. Mostly I was glad to find out that I could write at all. In writing you work toward a result you won't see for years, and can't be sure you'll ever see. It takes stamina and self-mastery and faith. It demands those things of you, then gives them back with a little extra, a surprise to keep you coming. It toughens you and clears your head. I could feel it happening. I was saving my life with every word I wrote, and I knew it.
Fernando Pessoa, The Selected Prose of Fernando Pessoa|Time, which grays hair and wrinkles faces, also withers violent affections, and much more quickly.
Charles Eames|Designs in connection with postage stamps and coinage may be described, I think, as the silent ambassadors on national taste.
Seneca|Huius (sapientis) opus unum est de divinis humanisque verum invenire; ab hac numquam recedit religio, pietas, iustitia ...
James J. Freeland, Fundamentals of Federal Income Taxation: Cases and Materials|Pleasure and business, unlike oil and water, can sometimes be mixed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t worry, pray!
Vironika Tugaleva|Watch your thoughts, for they will become the words of people you draw to yourself.
Josh Hamilton|The difference between life and the movies is that a script has to make sense, and life doesn't.
Stana Katic|But other vampire stories? Well, no, I really haven't read too many, and I can't say I'm crazy about romantic vampires anyway - to me the vampire is simply an evil monster.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|His brain was in one of those states that are both violent and yet frighteningly calm, in which thought runs so deep it blots out reality. You no longer see the objects around you, yet you can see the shapes in your mind as thought they are outside your body.
Jennifer Weiner, Who Do You Love|Train, don't strain.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Then all the winds of Heaven ran to join hands and bend a shoulder, to bring down to me the sound of a noble hymn that was heavy with the perfume of Time That Has Gone.The glittering multitudes were singing most mightily, and my heart was in blood to hear a Voice that I knew.The Men of the Valley were marching again.My Fathers were singing up there.Loud, triumphant, the anthem rose, and I knew, in some deep place within, that in the royal music was a prayer to lift up my spirit, to be of good cheer, to keep the faith, that Death was only an end to the things that are made of clay, and to fight, without heed of wounds, all that brings death to the Spirit, with Glory to the Eternal Father, forever, Amen.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|We teach girls that they cannot be sexual beings in the way boys are. If we have sons, we don’t mind knowing about their girlfriends. But our daughters’ boyfriends? God forbid. (But we of course expect them to bring home the perfect man for marriage when the time is right.)
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The Word we study has to be the Word we pray. My personal experience of the relentless tenderness of God came not from exegetes, theologians, and spiritual writers, but from sitting still in the presence of the living Word and beseeching Him to help me understand with my head and heart His written Word. Sheer scholarship alone cannot reveal to us the gospel of grace. We must never allow the authority of books, institutions, or leaders to replace the authority of *knowing* Jesus Christ personally and directly. When the religious views of others interpose between us and the primary experience of Jesus as the Christ, we become unconvicted and unpersuasive travel agents handing out brochures to places we have never visited.
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|And maybe that was love. Being so vulnerable and allowing someone else in so far they could hurt you, but they also give you everything.
Bianca Sommerland, Game Misconduct|Sometimes life decides that we must also take care of ourselves in other ways and love, the way we perceive it, must reflect only upon us.
William J. Bennett, From a World at War to the Triumph of Freedom 1914-1989|Mr. Lockery—my biology teacher—says if dinosaurs were magically brought forward in time today, we’d have nothing to worry about. Dogs, wolves, and bears would make short work of tyrannosaurs.” She nodded at Schrödinger, who was now padding across the floor in the opposite direction. “Big cats, too. They’re faster, tougher, and brighter than anything that existed seventy million years ago. Everything is always ramping up, always escalating.
Lauren Kate, Torment|People can act so nice, bringing you food and all, but in the end they are nothing but buzzards. Waiting to pick your bones.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|My favorite part was when my grandfather and I would make a special trip to Firpo's Bakery for red and green Christmas cookies and fruitcake studded with the sweetest cherries I've ever tasted. Usually Firpo's was too expensive for our slim budget, but Christmas mornings they gave a discount to any children who came in.
Red Haircrow|Men can have an obvious display of heroics or strength or accomplishment, but it is the unsung women throughout all ages of humankind who have endured with superlative strength, beauty and love, often with secret suffering, that deserve absolute respect and acknowlegement. They are the true heroes of humanity. They are the champions who have birthed and nurtured us, who have held us together at the most integral level, when men seemed intent only on tearing apart the fabric of life for irrelevant ideals.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|At 11, I could say ‘I am sodium’ (Element 11), and now at 79, I am gold.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|The sky pulsed with stars. Some people say it makes them lonesome when they stare up at the night sky. I can't imagine why. There's no shortage of company. By now there's not a constellation I can't name. Orion. Lupus. Serpens. Hercules. Draco. My father taught me all of their stories. So when I look up I see a galaxy of adventures and heroes and villains, all jostling together and trying to outdo one another, and I sometimes want to tell them to hush up and not distract me with their chatter. I've glimpsed all the stars ever discovered by astronomers, and plenty that haven't been.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|We believe in the good old days; we believe our best is in the past. Our past is our memories, our past is our learnings, our past should stay where it is. And we should let it.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Quotes: Soulfully Inspiring and Uplifting You Daily by Utilizing the Power of Positive Quotes|May you become empowered from within – to make your way boldly, along life's unique journey.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It is in the coldest months that hugs linger snug, and they warm the soul the most.
Sil Lai Abrams, Black Lotus: A Woman’s Search for Racial Identity|True revolutionary change begins by first challenging yourself -- not the world. Until you own your story and the complexities of your experience, no matter how much you may strain against it, you will still be enslaved -- if not by your oppressor, by your past.
Jeffrey Toobin|Alas, nothing reveals man the way war does. Nothing so accentuates in him the beauty and ugliness, the intelligence and foolishness, the brutishness and humanity, the courage and cowardice, the enigma.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you follow the pescribed way of how people want you to be, then it will be of great relieve if you commit suicide than to be dragged along like a donkey.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Some of you may feel that if you don't do something soon to change your life, you will be left by the roadside, alone, homeless and in despair. But is the despair not there as you reach and grapple to create or manifest your desires through your own effort and will? What happens if or when those things appear in your life? Joy? Peace? Or a temporary sense of relief? What if it is relief from the wanting you have been craving for so long, not the outcome, but the relief from the constant wanting.
Carl R. Rogers|The beliefs which we have the most warrant for have no safeguard, but a standing invitation to the whole world to prove them unfounded.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Poor Mr. Smith, having been so rudely dragged from his high horse, was never able to mount it again, and completed the lecture in a manner not at all comfortable to himself.
Neel Burton, Plato: Letters to my Son|The disease of the soul is both more common and more deadly than the disease of the body. Just as medicine is the art devoted to healing the body, so philosophy is the art devoted to healing the soul, curing it of improper emotions, false beliefs, and faulty judgments, which are the causes of so much hardship and handicap. To heal the body one turns to the practitioner of the art of healing the body, but to heal the soul there is no doctor to turn to, and each of us is left to become that doctor unto himself. Yet, this need not stop us from exhorting others to imitate us in the godly art, in the forlorn hope that they might transform themselves into better citizens for Athens and better companions for us.
Richard Dawkins, A Devil's Chaplain: Reflections on Hope, Lies, Science, and Love|The human psyche has two great sicknesses: the urge to carry vendetta across generations, and the tendency to fasten group labels on people rather than see them as individuals. Abrahamic religion mixes explosively with (and gives strong sanction to) both. Only the willfully blind could fail to implicate the divisive force of religion in most, if not all, of the violent enmities in the world today. Without a doubt it is the prime aggravator of the Middle East. Those of us who have for years politely concealed our contempt for the dangerous collective delusion of religion need to stand up and speak out. Things are different now. ‘All is changed, changed utterly.
Rollo May|Plenty of people will think you're crazy, no matter what you do. Don't let that stop you from finding the people who think you're incredible—the ones who need to hear your voice, because it reminds them of their own. Your tribe. They're out there. Don’t let your critics interfere with your search for them.
Steven Washer|The world isn’t waiting for you. It doesn’t even know that you're alive. But it needs you, and it won’t know about you until and unless you get yourself out there.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|..the hope I have for women: that we can start to see ourselves-and encourage men to see us-as more than just the sum of our sexual parts: not as virgins or whores, as mothers or girlfriends, or as existing only in relation to men, but as people with independent desires, hopes and abilities. But I know that this can't happen as long as American culture continues to inundate us with gender-role messages that place everyone-men and women-in an unnatural hierarchical order that's impossible to maintain without strife. For women to move forward, and for men to break free, we need to overcome the masculinity status quo-together.
Alice Hoffman|James had a theory about caged birds, one he hoped to prove when he became a scientist someday. He believed that all birds that had their freedom taken from them eventually lost their voices. Once that happened, they could never find their true song.
Jim Gaffigan, Food: A Love Story|Taste” is a noun and a verb: We all have it and we all do it. But we don’t all have a language or a system for understanding and expressing that experience… I knew chocolate was something I didn’t want to lose, but I didn’t have the words to communicate why it was so important to me, or the knowledge on how best to save it. Now I do.
Abraham Lincoln|In regards to this great Book [the Bible], I have but to say it is the best gift God has given to man. All the good the Savior gave to the world was communicated through this Book. But for it we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man's welfare, here and hereafter, are found portrayed in it.
Kenya Wright, 420|People called me, Lobo, which was Spanish for wolf.
Yamamoto Tsunetonmo|lchiyuken was a low class servant in the kitchen of Lord Takanobu. Because of some grudge he had over a matter of wrestling, he cut down seven or eight men and was hence ordered to commit suicide. But when Lord Takanobu heard of this he pardoned the man and said, "In these strife-torn times of our country, brave men are important. This man would seem to be a man of bravery."Consequently, at the time of the action around the Uji River, Lord Takanobu took Ichiyuken along, and the latter earned unrivaled fame, advancing deep into the lead and plundering the enemy every time .At the battle of Takagi, Ichiyuken went so far into the enemy lines that Lord Takanobu felt regret and called him back. Since the vanguard had been unable to advance, only by quickly dashing out was he able to grab Ichiyuken by the sleeve of his armor. At that time Ichiyuken's head had suffered many wounds, but he had stopped them up with preen leaves which he bound with a thin towel.
Elizabeth Berg, Once Upon a Time, There Was You|Maybe it was wrong to take comfort in Hayden’s arms, but she wouldn’t find comfort anywhere else.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The deepest realization of meditation is that your being is a non-being. It is a nothing, a vast emptiness without boundaries. It is a no-self. The feeling of self, of "I" is false.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Mortals that would follow me, Love virtue, she alone is free, She can teach ye how to climb Higher than they sphery chime; Or if virtue feeble were, Heaven itself would stoop to her.
Eve Ensler, In the Body of the World|When indeed it is in God we live, and move, and have our being. We cannot draw a breath without his help.
Stefon Diggs|I think in order to push kids and coach kids the way we want to coach them, we've got to have their trust.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Freedom from fear's consuming control over us hinges upon our honestly dealing with what our overwhelming fears are specifically about and then coming to terms with those tedious, often emotionally driven details.
Dennis Lehane, Sacred|If you believe Life is sacred, you must also believe unnecessary killing is sacrilege.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|His absence seemed a solid thing, a burden I must carry in addition to my grief... Yet I knew I would continue to live. Sometimes that knowledge seemed the worst part of my loss.
Angelica Hopes|To annoy or piss off are light offences. I'd say if you abuse the goodness of a novelist or a writer, the truth is, he or she can kill you multiple times or cannibalise you in many antagonist characters.
Thomas J. Watson|I want a president with a record of public service, someone whose life's work shows our children that we don't chase fame and fortune for ourselves: we fight to give everyone a chance to succeed.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|Who fixes broken people? Is it only other broken people, ones who've already been ruined? And do we need to be fixed? It was the messiness and hurt in our pasts that drove us, and that same hurt connected us at a subdermal level, the kind of scars written so deeply in your cells that you can't even see them anymore, only recognize them in someone else.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
Deyth Banger|Music is made for relax, let's don't move it... let's be clever and left it like this, shall we?
Anaïs Nin, A Woman Speaks: The Lectures, Seminars and Interviews of Anaïs Nin|In our twenties we have conflicts. We think everything is either-or, black or white: we are caught between them and we lose all our energy in the conflicts. My answer, later on in maturity, was to do them all. Not to exclude any, not to make a choice. I wanted to be everything. And I took everything in, and the more you take in, the more strength you find waiting to accomplish things and to expand your life, instead of the other (which is what we have been taught to do) which is to look for structure and to fear change, above all to fear change. Now I didn't fear change.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Perhaps the most extraordinary popular delusion about violence of the past quarter-century is that it is caused by low self-esteem. That theory has been endorsed by dozens of prominent experts, has inspired school programs designed to get kids to feel better about themselves, and in the late 1980s led the California legislature to form a Task Force to Promote Self-Esteem. Yet Baumeister has shown that the theory could not be more spectacularly, hilariously, achingly wrong. Violence is a problem not of too little self-esteem but of too much, particularly when it is unearned.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|Another of the difficulties of having DID is the denial. DID is a disorder of denial. It has to be because if the original person knew about the alters and felt their pain, they would either go crazy and be hospitalized permanently, or would die.
Jennifer DeLucy|In fact, if you're wondering if I expect miracles---the answer is yes. Even when they don't seem to happen, I keep believing in them. Even when I stop believing in them, I'll always start again. Because if you don't have hope, what's left? I believe. And maybe they'll happen in a way I never saw coming--they usually do. Or maybe I'll find the way to make them happen myself. But ether way--I expect miracles.
Norman Maclean, Young Men and Fire|With gas cookers and chip pans in every kitchen, the chip-pan fire was by far the most popular method these Proddies had for burning their houses down. The second technique was the ever popular chimney fire and number three had to be the drunken cigarette drop on the carpet. Mind you, why they'd be cooking chips at this hour was anyone's guess.
Joyce Rachelle, Sewing Figs|And with the Savior's passing came Satan's sure defeatChrist whispered, "It is finished," for payment was complete.I could not earn salvation, it's been dispensed for freeAnd mercy's gates would open, as He has died for me.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|To accelerate success, we must get as close to our dreams as possible as soon as possible.
Dustin Shramek, Suffering and the Sovereignty of God|Experiencing grief and pain is like falling off a cliff. Everything has been turned upside down, and we are no longer in control. As we fall, we see one and only one tree that is growing out from the rock face. So we grab hold of it and cling to it with all our might. This tree is our holy God. He alone can keep us from falling headfirst to our doom. There simply aren’t any other trees to grab. So we cling to this tree (the holy God) with all our might.But what we didn’t realize is that when we fell and grabbed the tree our arm actually became entangled in the branches, so that in reality, the tree is holding us. We hold on to keep from falling, but what we don’t realize is that we can’t fall because the tree has us. We are safe. God, in his holiness, is keeping us and showing mercy to us. We may not be aware of it, but it is true. He is with us even in the deepest and darkest pit.
Akif Kichloo|It's not the small of her back, her thighs, or her chest or eyes that matter most. It's the parts of her she's afraid to show that you should get to know.
Norman Maclean|With grace and gratitude, life is filled with endless gladness.
Kay Mills, A Place in the News: From the Women's Pages to the Front Page|Time dims memory. But not that kind. Somewhere in a corner of the brain, one little cell never forgets. It keeps the song that, heard again, recreates the room, the person, the moment. It preserves the phrase or the laugh or the gesture that resurrects a friend long gone. It knows precisely where you were and what you were doing when you heard about Pearl Harbor if you're old enough, or Kennedy's assassination, or Martin Luther King's, or the Challenger explosion. Every detail is frozen in memory, despite all the years. It keeps the innocuous question, too. The question that sometime later, when all the synapses are working, produces the epiphany, the moment when you're driving along and you realize that finally you understand. And why did it take you so long?
Peer Steinbruck|People in all walks of life, and especially business, do not want to experience the collapse of cities like New York along with global finance and economy in chaos, but this is what business faces if we continue to attribute climate change to fossil fuels alone.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Fear triggers need, need powers sincerity. Sincerity is the required element.
Brian D. McLaren, The Great Spiritual Migration: How the World's Largest Religion Is Seeking a Better Way to Be Christian|When our institutions lack movement to propel them forward, the Spirit, I believe, simply moves around them, like a current flowing around a rock in a stream...without that soul work that teaches us to open our deepest selves to God and ground our souls in love, no movement will succeed and no institution will stand...it is the linking of action and contemplation, great work and deep spirituality, that keeps goodness, rightness, beauty, and aliveness flowing...as Pope Francis has said, this moment calls for social poets: sincere and creative people who will rise on the wings of faith to catch the wind of the Spirit, the wind of justice, joy, and peace. (p. 180)
Gore Vidal|I know that military alliances and armament have been the reliance for peace for centuries, but they do not produce peace; and when war comes, as it inevitably does under such conditions, these armaments and alliances but intensify and broaden the conflict.
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|I earn my own respect," I told Emilie. "I don't ride the coattails of someone else.
Leo Tolstoy|If a teacher has only love for the cause, it will be a good teacher. If a teacher has only love for student, as a father, mother, he will be better than the teacher, who read all the books, but has no love for the cause, nor to the students. If the teacher combines love to the cause and to his disciples, he is the perfect teacher.
Euripides, Helen|What mortal claims, by searching to the utmost limit, to have found out the nature of God, or of his opposite, or of that which comes between, seeing as he doth this world of man tossed to and fro by waves of contradiction and strange vicissitudes?
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|What a wonderful sadness to miss the one you have loved forever, it seems, and know that she is waiting at home.
Jimmy Kimmel|It is a weird feeling to have people go, 'Hey Chris' like they know me. But, number one, 99 percent of my experiences have been really cool. People couldn't be nicer and more positive.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|I always thought of men as being hard—maybe because I was hard. But there was a softness in Tom that betrayed his large masculine hands and his deep baritone voice. He knew something about love that I didn’t. I don’t know where he’d learned it, but it wasn’t something you got from a book, not something you could learn in an online class, not something you could borrow. Maybe it was something you were born with. Some people knew how to love and some people didn’t. Tom was the former. I was the latter. I didn’t know which one of us had it worse
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Cats, Dog considered, were clearly a lot tougher than lost souls
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.
Erwin K. Thomas, A Weekly Encounter: Fifty-Two Meditations of Hope|Bend over backward, do a favor, and give and build confidence in people. It's a time to compliment, support and acknowledge the good things people do.
Ali Altantawi|Well, now, some people learn a little quicker than others. It's nice to learn fast but it's nice to take your time too.
DaVyshka|You actually, waste time when you cry over wasted time. Time should be a guide that helps you focus. All you should worry about is ageing with unfinished business.
Joseph Delaney, Curse of the Bane|A week goes by and I don't call Lucy or Dylan. I want to drift away from them - more than anything, I want to drift away. I sometimes imagine myself totally alone and I enjoy the feeling. And I mean something by alone, something more than the word holds. I mean something blank and pure and vacant, plus me. And also moral. This blank and pure vacancy that includes me that is also moral is so empty, it is so no one, that my presence in it makes me not exist, although I am still there, and that's what lifts all the weight.
Saru Singhal|Love knows no barriers, no distance.It makes you dance as if in a trance,And catches you up when you are down.It makes you draw a smile from a frown,And embarks you in a river when you fall, And most of its grace, it embraces us all!
Carrie Newcomer, A Permeable Life: Poems & Essays|When you have got the greatest mountain of hardship that you’ve ever faced to deal with, you also have the greatest opportunity to act on a stronger faith than you’ve ever acted on before.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The shrewd marry for money, the scheming marry for status, the calculating marry for power, but the wise marry for love.
Wayne Cordeiro, Leading on Empty: Refilling Your Tank and Renewing Your Passion|We don't forget that we are Christians. We forget that we are human, and that one oversight alone can debilitate the potential of our future.
Stephen Wolfram|It's always seemed like a big mystery how nature, seemingly so effortlessly, manages to produce so much that seems to us so complex. Well, I think we found its secret. It's just sampling what's out there in the computational universe.
Michael Langley|Said the Sun to the Moon-'When you are but a lonely white crone,And I, a dead King in my golden armour somewhere in a dark wood,Remember only this of our hopeless loveThat never till Time is doneWill the fire of the heart and the fire of the mind be one
Mehmet Murat ildan|To quit religion is to start walking in the space! Don’t be afraid, you don’t fall into the void, because you can hold onto God and science!
Shashiraj Punjabi|There is always a real and an imaginary person you are in love with; sometimes you love one best, sometimes the other.
Wilhelm, Ostwald|The deep study of nature is the most fruitful source of mathematical discoveries. By offering to research a definite end, this study has the advantage of excluding vague questions and useless calculations; besides it is a sure means of forming analysis itself and of discovering the elements which it most concerns us to know, and which natural science ought always to conserve.
Shakti Gawain|I learned some valuable lessons about the legislative process, the importance of bipartisan cooperation and the wisdom of taking small steps to get a big job done.
Ryan Phillippe|I always feel that when I come to Edinburgh, in many ways I am coming home.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|For a second, I stared at the map of her veins just under the surface of her thin skin. It was like her body was trying to become diaphanous. Instead of getting harder and stronger and full of life as we age, we disappear slowly. Our skin thins and evaporates. Our nails barely coat our fingertips. Our hair falls out. We are never more see-through.
Tim Crouch|My folks were raised pure prohibitionist. They were very good people, with high moral standards - but very repressed. There was no hugging and kissing in my home.
Ed Bradley|Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die, but long after we are gone be a living thing, asserting itself with ever-growing insistence.
John Erskine, The Delight of Great Books|Whenever we read a book we love, we change it, to some extent. We read into it our own interpretations, and the meanings which the words have taken on in our time. If a book is so rigid that it cannot lend itself to these fluctuations, it is useful only while it seems strictly true, and afterwards it is completely out of date.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|I had done all that I could, and no Man is well pleased to have his all neglected, be it ever so little.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We make messes of our lives, but every now and then, we manage to do something that's exactly right." (pg. 481)
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Oh, what strange wonderful clocks women are. They nest in Time. They make the flesh that holds fast and binds eternity. They live inside the gift, know power, accept, and need not mention it. Why speak of time when you are Time, and shape the universal moments, as they pass, into warmth and action? How men envy and often hate these warm clocks, these wives, who know they will live forever.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|People have come to the erroneous conclusion that if they’re not willing to start something separate, world-changing, and risky, they have no business starting anything. Somehow, we’ve fooled ourselves into believing that the project has to have a name, a building, and a stock ticker symbol to matter.
Harry Reid|In this work I have received the opposition of a number of men who only advocate the unobtainable because the immediately possible is beyond their moral courage, administrative ability, and their political prescience.
Derek Landy, Dark Days|I hope when this is done I'll be able to get back into my happy gardening vibe that was so healthy for me. I want to go back to my routine and my morning ritual with the compost, but it will probably be that my life will split in two. New Leaf Gardening in Wood Green will be happening in parallel to a fantasy that runs along the bottom of that screen like a ticker. Alice will be fine. Rabbit will stay up tonight, and every night. Resending and resending, reopening the page to see if she has responded, if anyone has. The spinning wheel will make my eyes hurt and everything else will go dark.
Marsilio Ficino|Dreams are not without meaning wherever thay may come from-from fantasy, from the elements, or from other inspiration.
Indra Nooyi|Through the harsh design of fate, Florida was dealt the unfortunate circumstances of bearing the brunt of not one but two hurricanes, and it appears more dark clouds are poised to visit the Sunshine State.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Loyalty|As you grow wiser, so does your personality.
Marian Engel, Bear|Our sexuality affects everything we do, and everything affects our sexuality. The same is true of our spirituality -- that which is most deeply meaningful to us. We can deny both. But denying them does not mean they are not both alive in every breath and heartbeat of life.
J.R.R. Tolkien|You scoundrel, you have wronged me," hissed the philosopher, "May you live forever!
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Why don’t we just say it already?” He smirked. “I mean come on now.”I eyed him carefully not knowing where to step. “What is it you think we want to say?”“That we love each other. I kick myself every time I stopped myself from saying it. And I know you love me and that’s all that matters,” he said, pulling me close instead of away this time. We stared at the water in a shared silence.My mind wished I could say the same thing, but knowing if I wanted to was the problem. Did I even know how?
Victoria Vane|Making love with you is even more wonderful than making music."He drew her closer. "Och, Sarah, you _are_ my music.
Henry David Thoreau, The Quotable Thoreau|A lot of teenagers today are influenced by the media’s depiction of perfection. I want readers to understand they don’t have to follow the unofficial laws society creates, to be liked by others.
Gillian Jacobs|I think maybe my mom thought that Katharine Hepburn would be a good role model of, like, a strong, smart, independent woman. Maybe she steered me in that direction. You know, because she was really so ahead of her time.
Elizabeth F. Howell, The Dissociative Mind|Dissociation, in a general sense, refers to a rigid separation of parts of experiences, including somatic experiences, consciousness, affects, perception, identity, and memory. When there is a structural dissociation, each of the dissociated self-states has at least a rudimentary sense of "I" (Van der Hart et al., 2004). In my view, all of the environmentally based "psychopathology" or problems in living can be seen through this lens.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|He was moderately truthful towards men, but to women lied like a Cretan-a system of ethics above all others calculated to win popularity at the first flush of admission into lively society.
Janette Rallison, My Fair Godmother|Aren't fairy godmothers supposed to be nice and make you feel better about yourself?...No, you're confusing fairy godmothers with sales clerks.
Taylor Schake|It felt like I was living in two worlds. There was one world which was a daylight world and another dark world (though I'm not saying that everything bad happened in darkness because it didn't). In the daylight world, life had a veneer of normality - my mum was a bit violent, my dad was a bit distant, my big brother was in hospital somewhere, my little brother was always with Mum, and I had an uncle who was very loving and caring and did nice things for me. In this daylight world, I went to church and learned about Jesus. I was told about innocence and how He loves children. Then there was the other side, the dark world, which was almost a mirror image. But what I was getting taught there was all of the opposites.It was almost the reverse of Christianity. They would say that the Christian teachings were rubbish, and everything in the Kirk was right. they would sing a hymn - not like 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' but something about being strong. The hymns were quite Germanic, with harsh, aggressive chanting. They were always about power and strength and right. When they were singing I would be standing or sitting with whoever had taken me.
Lindsay    Anderson, Syrin|I can feel my face growing warm, and I hope I'm not flushing in my terror. The feeling of helplessness and fear hits me hard, and once my mind validates the emotion, the physical fear of being maimed and eaten hits my skin as goose bumps in the heat.
Robertson Davies, The Manticore|Love is the thing that corrodes the mind and pushes it to do the unimaginable. Love is the thorn that barbs into your flesh and makes you bleed a slow, torturous death. Love is the prison that confines you to the unending darkness that absorbs chunks of your sanity with each fleeting second. Love is an immortal’s worst nightmare.
Paul Gosar|Actually, I never work in movies for money. I'm glad when I get well-paid, but it's not always the case - trust me.
Debasish Mridha|Without any reason or expectation, love someone today and feel the joy of life.
John J. Sarno, Perils of Prosperity: Realities, Risks and Rewards of the Global Knowledge Economy|Equality has a hard time in humanity. Race, sexuality, or creed has always divided societies.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Throughout our culture we have been led to the idea that we accept death as the end of life on earth . . .Time bound as we are and goal oriented to achievements in our lifetime, we find it strange to anticipate heaven.
Alison McGhee, All Rivers Flow To The Sea|Please, please don't try hurting me, my friends.I wouldn't forgive myself If I had to kill you all.
Francis Fukuyama, Political Order and Political Decay: From the Industrial Revolution to the Globalization of Democracy|Tradition is not only bending down, or process of benign transmission. It is also a conflict between past genius and present aspiration in which the price is literary survival or canonical inclusion.
Steven Erikson|None could guess my confusion, my host of deluded illusions and elusive delusions! A mantle of marble hiding a crumbling core of sandstone. See how they stare at me, wondering, all wondering, at my secret wellspring of wisdom...' Let's kill him,' Crokus muttered, 'if only to put him out of our misery.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
Gary Vaynerchuk, Crush It!: Why Now Is the Time to Cash In on Your Passion|Being authentic, and being perceived as such by your audience, relies on your ability to ensure that every decision you make when it comes to your business is rooted in being true to yourself.
A.E. Housman, More Poems|To stand up straight and tread the turning mill,To lie flat and know nothing and be still,Are the two trades of man; and which is worseI know not, but I know that both are ill.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Why, oh why, must we always go through pigs to get our truffles?
Tilly Dunn, Exit Stage Left|The ride had begun.The theatre and club spectaculars seemed to stick up into the sky at all sorts of crazy angles, probably because most of them were planted diagonally on rooftops. Follow Thru, Whoopee, Show Boat, El Fay Club, Club Richman, Texas Guinan's. It gave the town the appearance of standing on its ear. ("The Number's Up")
Anna Aquino|I don’t regret meeting Jon. I knew that God put us together early. I knew he was my destiny, but sometimes as if I was a fisherman I wanted to throw back my destiny and start again
Gretchen Reynolds, The First 20 Minutes: Surprising Science Reveals How We Can Exercise Better, Train Smarter, Live Longer|That's all YOU know,' said Digory. 'It's because you're a girl. Girls never want to know anything but gossip and rot about people getting engaged.
The Postal Service|There is no future,there is not past, I live this moment as my last,there's only this,forget regret, no other road, no other way,no day but today
John Green|Telling us to obey instinct is like telling us to obey 'people.' People say different things: so do instincts. Our instincts are at war... Each instinct, if you listen to it, will claim to be gratified at the expense of the rest.
Jared Diamond, Why Is Sex Fun? The Evolution of Human Sexuality|Sex in social mammals is generally carried out in public, before the gazes of other members of the troop.
Nikita Dudani|Today, take a pledge to love yourself. Do not cut, drown, get caught in the fire, or hang yourself. Reasons behind committing suicide can be cured!
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|We don't have a great war in our generation, or a great depression, but we do, we have a great war of the spirit. We have a great revolution against the culture. The great depression is our lives. We have a spiritual depression.
Chuck D|There is nothing inherently fair about equalizing incomes. If the government penalizes you for working harder than somebody else, that is unfair. If you save your money but retire with the same pension as a free-spending neighbor, that is also unfair.
Curtis Sittenfeld, The Man of My Dreams|I wanted to hold happiness in reserve, like a bottle of champagne. I postponed it because I was afraid, because I overvalued it, and then I didn't want to use it up, because what do you wish for then?
Juliette Gordon Low|We have observed that, in society and the world in which we live, selfishness has increased more than love for others, and that men of good will must work, each with his own strengths and expertise, to ensure that love for others increases until it is equal and possibly exceeds love for oneself.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When you are loved, you can do anything in creation.
Tom Conrad|A gamble. Everything was a damn gamble. Betting against luck and the Fates, again and again, and again. She kept walking, waiting for the bullet.
Callum Roberts, The Unnatural History of the Sea|If the world is polluted, we are polluted. If the world dies, we die anyway. I don't pretend to be separate from the world. If she is poisoned, I jump in and be poisoned with her.
Bret Easton Ellis|What you need is a chick from Camden,' Van Patten says, after recovering from McDermott's statement.Oh great,' I say. 'Some chick who thinks it's okay to fuck her brother.'Yeah, but they think AIDS is a new band from England,' Price points out.Where's dinner?' Van Patten asks, absently studying the question scrawled on his napkin. 'Where the fuck are we going?'It's really funny that girls think guys are concerned with that, with diseases and stuff,' Van Patten says, shaking his head.I'm not gonna wear a fucking condom,' McDermott announces.I have read this article I've Xeroxed,' Van Patten says, 'and it says our chances of catching that are like zero zero zero zero point half a decimal percentage or something, and this no matter what kind of scumbag, slutbucket, horndog chick we end up boffing.'Guys just cannot get it.'Well, not white guys.
Kalee Thompson, Deadliest Sea: The Untold Story Behind the Greatest Rescue in Coast Guard History|Worry was my mother's mechanic, her mechanism for engaging with the machinery of living. Worry was an anchor for her, a hook, something to clutch on to in the world. Worry was a box to live inside of, worry a mechanism for evading the present, for re-creating the past, for dealing with the future.
Julieanne O'Connor|When you're vested in fear, frightened of failure, yet in the surrender is where you find your success.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Now, if the writers of these four books [Gospels] had gone into a court of justice to prove an alibi, (for it is of the nature of an alibi that is here attempted to be proved, namely, the absence of a dead body by supernatural means,) and had they given their evidence in the same contradictory manner as it is here given, they would have been in danger of having their ears cropt for perjury, and would have justly deserved it. Yet this is the evidence, and these are the books, that have been imposed upon the world as being given by divine inspiration, and as the unchangeable word of God.
Tiffany Snow, Blank Slate|(scene: Rock and Vanessa are in a tree house in the Costa Rican jungle) “Placing 9mms inside a pot and securing the lid–capuchin monkeys sometimes snuck in and messed with his stuff, and the last thing he wanted was to accidentally plugged by some light-fingered primate–he turned back around to find Vanessa’s head cocked, her lips pursed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose would be miserable if it was forced to be a daisy, no matter how much water it was fed.
Boria Sax, The Raven and the Sun: Poems and Stories|When an animal dies, another of the same species may cling to the body, eat the body, or look bored. Bees expel dead bodies from the hive or, if that is impossible, embalm them in honey. Elephants "say" a ritualistic good-bye, and touch their dead before slowly walking away. Corvids often accept the death of a companion without much fuss, but they at times have “funerals,” where scores of birds lament over the corpse of a deceased crow. But it is a bit odd that people should investigate whether animals “comprehend death,” as if human beings understood what it means to die. Is death a prelude to reincarnation? A portal to Heaven or Hell? Complete extinction? Union with all life? Or something else? All of these views can at times be comforting, yet people usually fear death, quite regardless of what they claim to believe.In the natural world, killing seems a casual affair. Human beings, of course, kill on a massive scale, but most of us can only kill, if at all, by softening the impact of the deed through rituals such as drink or prayer. The strike of a spider, a heron, or a cat is swift and, seemingly, without inhibition or remorse. They pounce with a confidence that could indicate ignorance, indifference, or else profound knowledge. Could this be, perhaps, because animals cannot conceive of killing, since they are not aware of death? Could it be because they understand death well, far better than do human beings?If animals envision the world not in terms of abstract concepts but sensuous images, the soul might appear as a unique scent, a rhythmic motion, or a tone of voice. Death would be the absence of these, though without that absolute finality that we find so severe. Perhaps the heron that snaps a fish thinks his meal lives on, as he one day will, in the form of currents in the pond.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|We do not escape our boundaries or our innermost being. We do not change. It is true we may be transformed, but we always walk within our boundaries, within the marked-off circle.
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|Here we will see that pharmaceutical companies spend tens of billions of pounds every year trying to change the treatment decisions of doctors: in fact, they spend twice as much on marketing and advertising as they do on the research and development of new drugs. Since we all want doctors to prescribe medicine based on evidence, and evidence is universal, there is only one possible reason for such huge spends: to distort evidence-based practice.
Jonathan Stroud, The Hollow Boy|His rapier was at his belt, glittering as he swung. He reached down, ripped the sword clear. I jumped over a slashing frond of plasm, spun round with the water bottle in my hand. I hurled it across to Lockwood. George threw his rapier to me.Watch this now. Sword and bottle, sailing through the air, twin trajectories, arching beautifully through the mass of swirling tendrils towards Lockwood and me. Lockwood held out his hand. I held out mine.Remember I said there was that moment of sweet precision when we gelled perfectly as a team?Yeah, well. This wasn't it.The rapier shot past, missing me by miles. It skidded halfway across the floor. The bottle struck Lockwood plumb in the centre of his forehead, knocking him through the window.There was a moment's pause.'Is he dead?' the skulls voice said 'Yay! Oh. No, he's hanging onto the shutters. Shame. Still, this is defiantly the funniest thing I've ever seen. You three really are incompetence on a stick
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|Alcohol makes man into a monkey and then monkey into a donkey. Thus, there is evolution degradation.
Olive Higgins Prouty|Her two outstanding characteristics were self-confidence and candor. The latter sometimes got her into hot water Durrance later told Charlotte, but the former kept it from scalding her.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|She reminded him of (...) all the shivering, stupefying misery in a world that never yet had provided enough heat and food and justice for all but an ingenious and unscrupulous handful. What a lousy earth!
Dhruv Agrawal|Here the past was everywhere, an entire continent sown with memories.
Stephen King, The Shining|As Wendy watched them they burst into a chord of tinkling, girlish laughter. She felt a smile touch her own lips; not one of them could be under sixty.
Joy Williams, Taking Care|Katherine feels that she must have learned something about marriage from being married before that is now working to her benefit. However, she doesn't know quite what it is, or how, actually, it works.
Eraldo Banovac|When an influencing idea comes to life, people cannot exactly predict all its inevitable consequences.
Renee Rose, His Human Prisoner|She looked at Word. “You asked about X-it. He’s sleeping. There are no intruders in his consciousness. I’ve done a sweep. Several installations, their A-I and Super-Recognizers have all been rendered inoperable, but others will quickly pick up the slack. Some will malfunction. All are on high alert. They know contact has been made, that you are still alive, and a global search has begun. No A-I or human Super-Recognizer can penetrate the room that you were in and in which X-it is now sleeping. But he cannot come out of the room until we are ready to return to the second in time when Death saved you.
Robin Sacredfire|Here's a resume of crucial knowledge you should have in today's world but universities are not providing: Financial - Not just on management, but also on how to profit, how to manage and control flows of income; Linguistic - In today's world, speaking only a language is prove of lack of education. Knowing two languages is a basic necessity, and knowing three languages is essential, while knowing four is merely the ideal situation. Which four languages? Chinese, English, Spanish, and another of your choice, just for fun; Intellectual - It's not about what you know; it’s all about how you think about what you know. Therefore, it's ridiculous to think that there’s only one answer and one way to examine our life. Most students are extremely dumb because they lack the ability to educate themselves, despite their certificates or where they’ve studied. They never read with an intention in mind. And as they graduate, they become completely futile as individuals. This situation is the same all over the world. Millions are graduating every year, without any significant knowledge to live with. Their books are often outdated once they graduate and they're unable to learn by themselves and develop the necessary skills to adjust to the economic society in which we live. Maybe they can keep a job for 3 or 5 years of their life, but then are surprised to lose it and never finding a suitable job again. The world is changing very fast and most people can’t or are unwilling to recognize this fact.
Steven Herrick, Cold Skin|No, never regret destroying something written. Some things are best left hidden, especially if they can seriously hurt someone if they are found.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When face with any problem, do not panic, but pray. You find the peace to overcome pain.
Sid Mittra, To Bee or Not to Bee: Winning Against All Odds|Bad things happen in life, but we must learn to deal with them and move on
Michele Bachmann|And before our current legislature adjourns, we intend to become the first state of full and true choice by saying to every low and middle-income Hoosier family, if you think a non-government school is the right one for your child, you're as entitled to that option as any wealthy family; here's a voucher, go sign up.
Tehya Sky|Through me, I see you. Through you, I see me.
B.J. Daniels, Dead Ringer|Please don’t take offense, but I want no part of this family or what comes with it.
Elie Wiesel, Night|Emergency food has become very useful indeed, and to a very large assortment of people and institutions. The United States Department of Agriculture uses it to reduce the accumulation of embarrassing agricultural surpluses. Business uses it to dispose of nonstandard or unwanted product, to protect employee morale and avoid dump fees, and, of course, to accrue tax savings. Celebrities use it for exposure. Universities and hospitals, as well as caterers and restaurants, use it to absorb leftovers. Private schools use it to teach ethics, and public schools use it to instill a sense of civic responsibility. Churches use it to express their concern for the least of their brethren, and synagogues use it to be faithful to the tradition of including the poor at the table. Courts use it to avoid incarcerating people arrested for Driving While Intoxicated and a host of other offense. Environmentalists use it to reduce the solid waste stream. Penal institutions use it to create constructive outlets for the energies of their inmates, and youth-serving agencies of all sorts use it to provide service opportunities for young people. Both profit-making and nonprofit organizations use it to absorb unneeded kitchen and office equipment. A wide array of groups, organizations, and institutions benefits from the halo effect of 'feeding the hungry,' and this list does not even include the many functions for ordinary individuals--companionship, exercise, meaning, and purpose. . .If we didn't have hunger, we'd have to invent it.
Ilchi Lee, Brain Wave Vibration: Getting Back Into the Rhythm of a Happy, Healthy Life|Everything in existence undergoes constant change. The things that surround us, even our selves are temporary manifestations of Ki energy.
Amit Kalantri|A magician must always value his magic effects more than himself, because after few years audience may not remember his name but they will remember his magic effect.
Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton|We may view it as our responsibility to control something that is not in fact within our control and yet fail to exercise the power and authority that we do have over our own behavior. Mothers cannot make children think, feel, or be a certain way, but we can be firm, consistent, and clear about what behavior we will and will not tolerate, and what the consequences are for misbehavior. We can also change our part in patterns that keep family members stuck. At the same time we are doomed to failure with any self-help venture if we view the problem as existing within ourselves—or within the child or the child’s father, for that matter. There is never one villain in family life, although it may appear that way on the surface.
Alfred A. Montapert|I went into boxing, and I'm bisexual, and I still achieved and performed at the highest level, and I came away with gold and made history, so with that said, anything is possible.
Compton Gage|As thou hast said unto thy servant, that thou, which gives life to all, hast given life at once to the creature that thou hast created, and the creature bare it: even so it might now also bear them that now be present at once.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|Fiction is truth, even if it is not a fact. If you believe only in facts and forget stories, your brain will live, but your heart will die.
Betty White|Being on 'Glee' was amazing. I remember my first day on set, my first day I arrived to the set I was in my trailer and all of the actors came and banged on my door - Lea Michele, Chris Colfer, Amber Riley, Naya Rivera. They all welcomed me with open arms, so it was a great experience. It felt like family, and I miss them a lot over there.
Sylvester Stallone|Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two.
Albert Einstein|A society's competitive advantage will come not from how well its schools teach the multiplication and periodic tables, but from how well they stimulate imagination and creativity.
Sara  Stark, An Untold Want|Marriage is the commodification of affection, copulation, and, reproduction.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Well, while you were in the bathroom, I sat down at this picnic table here in Bumblefug, Kentucky, and noticed that someone had carved that GOD HATES FAG, which, aside from being a grammatical nightmare, is absolutely ridiculous. So I'm changing it to 'God Hates Baguettes.' It's tough to disagree with that. Everybody hates baguettes.
Ade Santi|I had hoped that the rest of the world would stand still while I got myself together again, but Chaos and Tragedy had marched into other lives close to mine as well.
Joyce Meyer|Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day.
Richard C. Armitage|If you cannot smile when you listen to music, then do not listen to it!
Nyrae Dawn, Charade|Words are so ridiculous sometimes. The don't really mean anything, but they're all I have.
Ruby Dixon, Barbarian Alien|I need not present my actions, my words, myself for somebody else's approval. And basing my decisions on somebody else's approval or making my own approval contingent on somebody else's only postpones what I really want.
Tanya Masse|Don't go around saying,"Oh if only I did so and so then so and so would not have happened!Instead,be thankful it happened.
Isabel Allende|Accept the children the way we accept trees—with gratitude, because they are a blessing—but do not have expectations or desires. You don’t expect trees to change, you love them as they are.
Susan Vreeland, Girl in Hyacinth Blue|No one but another painter could know the delicacy required to balance the complexities, to keep reality at bay in order to remain in the innermost center of his work.
Oscar Wilde|Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind; And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
Maz Jobrani|Ingmar Bergman had a great sense of humor, and he had a very special, characteristic laugh that you always recognized - if he went to watch a theater show, 'Ah! He is here tonight.'
Ankit Samrat|Don't wait for better Investment options, Invest and then wait for better time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Heaven has no clocks or calendars, and time will be no more [Revelation 10:6].
Rachel Brady, Final Approach|I rested my head on the wall behind me and closed my eyes, wishing my life had a button: Ignore All.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|Cage an eagle and it will bite at the wires, be they ofiron or of gold.
Maria Erving|The ego is the self that is unaware of itself so unless you seek first who you are not, the ego will use every technique, practice and experience for its own ‘spiritual growth’.The more ‘spiritual’ it becomes, the more into delusion it takes you.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|There are memories that time does not erase... Forever does not make loss forgettable, only bearable.
Taslima Nasrin, Lajja: Shame|It is said that peace is the basic tenet of all religion. Yet it is in the name of religion that there has been so much disturbance, bloodshed and persecution. It is indeed a pity that even at the close of the twentieth century we've had to witness such atrocities because of religion. Flying the flag of religion has always proved the easiest way to crush to nothingness human beings as well as the spirit of humanity.
Barbara Friedberg|With persistence and discipline, anything is possible.
Michel Foucault|See that the imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man.
Aysha Taryam|Our Arab mothers and sisters are suffering from injustices like domestic violence, sexual harassment, child marriages and honour killings, some are still fighting for their right to drive or travel without male custody therefore our powerful Arab media was not only expected to broadcast this particular one of a kind Women’s march it should have held panels to dissect the issues being brought forth in order for the Arab world to better understand that gender equality is not an idea that one believes in, it is a planned movement that requires an enormous effort on the part of both men and women to reach.
Morgan Spurlock|If a patient became sugar-free and blood sugar normal on a basal requirement diet, the caloric intake was gradually increased until sugar appeared in the urine. The tolerance was thus ascertained.
N. Kazantzakis|I had allowed my body to take whatever path it wished. The fact that it was guiding me and not I it gave me great pleasure. I had confidence. The body is not blind unwrought material when bathed in Greek light; it is suffused with abundant soul which makes it phosphoresce, and is left free, it is able to arrive at its own decision and find the correct road without the mind's intervention. Conversely, the soul is not an invisible airy phantom; it has taken on some body's sureness and warmth in its own right, and it savors the world with what you might call carnal pleasure, as though it had a mouth and nostrils and hands with which to caress this world. Man often lacks the persistence to maintain all of his humanity. He mutilates himself. Sometimes he wishes to be released from his soul sometimes from his body. To enjoy both together seems a heavy sentence. But here in Greece these two graceful, deathless elements are able to commingle like hot water with cold, the soul to take something from the body, the body from the soul. They become friends, and thus man, here on Greece's divine threshing floor, is able to live and journey unmutilated, intact. (Report to Greco)
Taylor Momsen|I think people should look at learning about Native American history the same as visiting Washington, D.C., and seeing the monuments there. It's all part of the package.
Nikos Kazantzakis|Without change there is no innovation, creativity, or incentive for improvement. Those who initiate change will have a better opportunity to manage the change that is inevitable.
Deb Margolis|Great art comes from passion, from a need to expose human spirit in the face of mortality, the small cruelties and heroisms that make up daily life -- that's where great work comes from, and if you enable students in this way to discover those impulses and observations in themselves, those heroisms and cruelties in themselves, you create an atmosphere in which art can emerge.
Steve Shallenberger, Becoming Your Best: The 12 Principles of Highly Successful Leaders|When you increase in learning and education, you increase your ability to act, and you have a chance to improve your circumstances.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|It used to be that a novel would put you among people, tell you a story or stories, give you some sense of what it might be like to see a different cut-out and perspective of the world: as a schoolteacher, an adulteress, the wife of a member of Parliament, an officer, a cockroach.
Emma Donoghue, Room|Mom loved my brother more. Not that she didn't love me - I felt the wash of her love every day, pouring over me, but it was a different kind, siphoned from a different, and tamer, body of water. I was her darling daughter; Joseph was her it.
Thomas M. Sterner, The Practicing Mind: Bringing Discipline and Focus into Your Life|If you are not in control of your thoughts then you are not in control of yourself. Without self-control, you have no real power, regardless of whatever else you accomplish. If you are not aware of the thoughts that you are thinking in each moment, then you are the rider with no reins, with no power over where you are going. You cannot control what you are not aware of. Awareness must come first.
Tawakkol Karman|Pakistan's future viability, stability and security lie in empowering its people and building political institutions. My goal is to prove that the fundamental battle for the hearts and minds of a generation can be accomplished only under democracy.
Thomas Gibson|Now, it's not that I think that being gay is the most amazing, wonderful thing in the world, but I have a husband; I have a life; I have friends who I've met through this. It's who I am.
Lily King, Euphoria|Go. Go to your beautiful dances, your beautiful ceremonies. And we will bury our dead.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|If I believed a giant Platypus was coming to liberate humanity and save us all, it would still make more sense than the climate denial people do......
Jane Goodall|I have many years to get better and better, and that has to be my ambition. The day you think there is no improvements to be made is a sad one for any player.
Auliq Ice|In life; don't go chasing after everything, or if you go for something, never doubt and miss the step, Or else you will miss a trick of the tail and lose everything.
Albert Einstein, Living Philosophies|The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. He to whom the emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand wrapped in awe, is as good as dead —his eyes are closed. The insight into the mystery of life, coupled though it be with fear, has also given rise to religion. To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty, which our dull faculties can comprehend only in their most primitive forms—this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness.
Jay Bell, Something Like Spring|Ladies: There are some men who will listen to all of your desires simply to use them to control you. #LearnToDiscernListen to what he does, Watch what he says and avoid the heartbreak.
Scott Adams|If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Because you're beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence.
Compton Gage|Blood shall drop out of wood, and the stone shall give his voice, and the people shall be troubled:
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Am I falling in love? She thought, is it safe to do so with this man? She thought, I don't need to answer.
George R.R. Martin|They can keep their heaven. When I die, I’d sooner go to Middle Earth. 
George MacDonald|If my sinfulness appears to me in any way smaller or less detestable in comparison with the sins of others, I am still not recognizing my sinfulness at all.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Even when God seemed to have abandoned me, he was watching. Even when he seemed indifferent to my suffering, he was watching. And when I was beyond all hope of saving, he gave me rest. Then he gave me a sign to continue my journey.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|But the English are different, and they don’t know how to be other than different.
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|Brand growth and dominance is created by having the highest brand value, not the lowest price tag.
Daniel Younger|She stared at Raven in a long second of shocked silence, before sagging to the floor.
Lionel Suggs|The question wasn't whether or not I cared about him; the question was, how much? I'm glad Tennyson didn't ask that, because then I'd have to ask myself; and I already knew the answer. I cared far more than was safe.
Annette Janic, War Child: Survival. Betrayal. Secrets|Most epiphanies happen after great loss or tragedy. The soul is equipped to deal with dynamic events because of its elastic quality. Energy is mutable, it can change its presence, but not its tone.
Jo Royston, Bury Farm|Gone, but only until we get there
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|And I knew that the Spirit that had gone forth to shape the world and make it live was still alive in it. I just had no doubt. I could see that I lived in the created world, and it was still being created. I would be part of it forever. There was no escape. The Spirit that made it was in it, shaping it and reshaping it, sometimes lying at rest, sometimes standing up and shaking itself, like a muddy horse, and letting the pieces fly.
Anthony Liccione|So many birds sitting around, on a dead wire, a bare branch, a cold ground, a drifting seashore; never realizing the glory in their wings and where it can take them, nor the envy as we look on them.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Why cannot you be loud in saying 'I love you' ?", she asked.Me:- It is just because I have got a great depth inside me that will take some time to reach the horizon. But believe me, it would be the loudest of all, anyone has ever heard.
Sara Sheridan, Truth Or Dare|Of all modern notions, the worst is this: that domesticity is dull. Inside the home, they say, is dead decorum and routine; outside is adventure and variety. But the truth is that the home is the only place of liberty, the only spot on earth where a man can alter arrangements suddenly, make an experiment or indulge in a whim. The home is not the one tame place in a world of adventure; it is the one wild place in a world of rules and set tasks.
Mary Beth Miller, Aimee|Why do people kill themselves?I think they do it when they can no longer find a reason to keep going. When nothing in heir lives is good enough to balance out the bad. And they do it when they no longer have the courage to carry on past some recent painful experience. They commit what is, in the end, a desperate, final call for help, that is hopefully heard in time by someone else. And what if it's not heard in time? I ask although I know the answer.Then they die.
Dannika Dark, Gravity|If you don't demonstrate leadership character, your skills and your results will be discounted, if not dismissed.
Carrie Fisher|For all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|New day, new grace and new hope.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I knew that I would know more dead people. The bodies pile up. Could there be a space in my memory for each of them, or would I forget a little of Alaska every day for the rest of my life?
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life Giving Marriage: How to Build a Relationship That Lasts|Being connected to Jesus is what gives us life. He is the Life-Giver. The life-giving joy, power, and purpose for marriage flow from the One who created us to be in relationship with each other. Apart from Him, we can’t do anything.
Kimberly Guilfoyle|If you say that your national law allows you to do something, it is fine as long as you do this inside your own territory. As long as you go international, you really have to be sure that there is an international law which you respect and which you follow.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|One of Job's business rules was to never be afraid of cannibalizing yourself. " If you don't cannibalize yourself, someone else will," he said. So even though an Iphone might cannibalize sales of an IPod, or an IPad might cannibalize sales of a laptop, that did not deter him.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Whenever you should question your self-worth, always remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty.
Christina Rossetti|He feeds upon her face by day and night,And she with true kind eyes looks back on him,Fair as the moon and joyful as the light:Not wan with waiting, not with sorrow dim;Not as she is, but was when hope shone bright;Not as she is, but as she fills his dream.
James Howe, The Misfits|Joe: Oo, Brittany "Aren't I Fabulous?" Hobson?Addie: She's not that bad.Joe: Brittany "All the Boys Like Me, I'm so Popular I Could Die" Hobson.Addie: Joe!
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|The goal of intellectual life should be to see and understand what is true, not merely to adhere to a prevailing orthodoxy.
Sunday Adelaja|As a believer, you need to take responsibility of the Kingdom of God on earth
James     Baldwin|The poet or the revolutionary is there to articulate the necessity, but until the people themselves apprehend it, nothing can happen ... Perhaps it can't be done without the poet, but it certainly can't be done without the people. The poet and the people get on generally very badly, and yet they need each other. The poet knows it sooner than the people do. The people usually know it after the poet is dead; but that's all right. The point is to get your work done, and your work is to change the world.
Perry Moore|Adam has always had . . . heroic tendencies.”I touched Adam’s arm. “He’s my hero.”There was another pause. . .“That is the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard you say,” Bran said. “Be careful, Adam, or you’ll turn her into a real girl.”Adam looked at me. “I like her just the way she is, Bran.” And he meant it, greasy overalls, broken fingernails, and all.
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|Even this…even in my meditation I am preconditioned to feel or experience something predetermined. If we could all just allow ourselves to expand…stop allowing fear to hinder us and expand beyond limits…then, in the end, we will know that we are nothing, and nothing is all there is…nothing is everything.
Lynne Reid Banks, The Secret of the Indian|Most men, if you just tell them what to do in a businesslike fashion, will follow directions without thinking about it. One proceeds on the assumption that they'll do as they're told, and they do.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, hurry up and take risks.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Solitude, the safeguard of mediocrity, is to genius the stern friend, the cold, obscure shelter where moult the wings which will bear it farther than suns and stars. He who should inspire and lead his race must be defended from travelling with the souls of other men, from living, breathing, reading, and writing in the daily, time-worn yoke of their opinions. "In the morning, — solitude;" said Pythagoras; that Nature may speak to the imagination, as she does never in company, and that her favorite may make acquaintance with those divine strengths which disclose themselves to serious and abstracted thought. 'Tis very certain that Plato, Plotinus, Archimedes, Hermes, Newton, Milton, Wordsworth, did not live in a crowd, but descended into it from time to time as benefactors: and the wise instructor will press this point of securing to the young soul in the disposition of time and the arrangements of living, periods and habits of solitude.
Chuck Norris|For 500 years, since European explorers came, Latin American countries had been separated from one another. They had very limited relations. Integration is a prerequisite for independence.
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|If a path in your life leaves you in a place where you feel lost and alone, may you follow your heart and souluntil you feel at home.
Lawrence Durrell|Disguise our bondage as we will, 'Tis woman, woman, rules us still.
Heinrich Heine|We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged
J.K. Rowling|It’s so difficult to describe depression to someone who’s never been there, because it’s not sadness. I know sadness. Sadness is to cry and to feel. But it’s that cold absence of feeling— that really hollowed-out feeling.
George Eliot|Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small, large or petty—never give in, except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force. Never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Mary Renault, The Persian Boy|It is better to believe in men too rashly, and regret, than believe too meanly. Men could be more than they are, if they would try for it. He has shown them that.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Another flaw of the system is the fact that various danger fronts often require very different firmaments. As a logical superstructure is built upon each, there follow clashes of incommensurable modes of feeling and thought. Then despair can enter through the rifts. In such cases, a person may be obsessed with destructive joy, dislodging the whole artificial apparatus of his life and starting with rapturous horror to make a clean sweep of it. The horror stems from the loss of all sheltering values, the rapture from his by now ruthless identification and harmony with our nature’s deepest secret, the biological unsoundness, the enduring disposition for doom.
Peter Marshall|The world has enough women who know how to be smart. It needs women who are willing to be simple. The world has enough women who know how to be brilliant. It needs some who will be brave. The world has enough women who are popular. It needs more who are pure. We need women, and men, too, who would rather be morally right than socially correct.
Marianne Williamson|Money is the mother's milk of everything, and it certainly is the mother's milk of politics.
Ira Glass|Like most people in radio - and in magic - I'm not cool. I know people who are hip, and I can feel distance between them and me.
Gregory Maguire, Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister|What is strange is that we may remember what we have done, but not always why we did it.
Marcia Fudge|'Savage Inequalities' was about school finance, and 'Amazing Grace' primarily dealt with medical and social injustices in New York. But with 'Ordinary Resurrections,' I had no predetermined agenda. When I met with the children, I was not in pursuit of any line of thinking. In our conversations, I let them lead me where they wanted to go.
Ursula K. Le Guin|I thought the same thing, exactly. We always say that. you said it--you should have refused to go to Rolny. I said it as soon as I got to Elbow; I'm a free man. I didn't have to come here!...We always think it, and say it, but we don't do it. We keep our initiative tucked away safe in our mind, like a room where we can come and say, 'I don't have to do anything, I make my own choices, I'm free.' And then we leave the little room in our mind, and go where PDC posts us, and stay till we're reposted.
Rachel Wojnarowski|If we have a relationship with Jesus Christ and believe the Bible to be the Word of God, then we have no room for wallowing in the swamp of self-pity.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you could realize that everything is made out of time, then you can convert your free time into anything you want.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|You can’t give what you don’t have. To lead people in a better way, mingle with them in body. But in knowledge, be far ahead of them!
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|I felt as though I were snorting cocaine, or rappelling down a cliffside, or cliffsurfing off a cliff of pure cocaine.
Harlan Coben, The Woods|The door was flung open. Maurice Duplay filled it; energetic master, shirt- sleeves rolled up. He threw out his arms, the good Jacobin Duplay, and formed a sentence totally original, something which had never been uttered in the history of the world: “Camille, you have a son, and your wife is very well, and is asking you to be at home, right now.
Debasish Mridha|When you are in love, an ocean of joy dances like the waves in an ocean. You are that ocean.
Holly Bodger, 5 to 1|...you see what you wantand you want what you see,but if I have anything to say about it, that willnever beme.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|By stepping outside your comfort zone to do something peculiar, you confirm that you can do more than you've done. Move out!
Mary Oliver|I have written some poetry and two prose books about baseball, but if I had been a rich man, I probably would not have written many of the magazine essays that I have had to do. But, needing to write magazine essays to support myself, I looked to things that I cared about and wanted to write about, and certainly baseball was one of them.
Theodore Roosevelt|Dickens enjoyed human beings as he found them, unregenerate, peculiar and incorrigibly themselves.
Caitlin Rush, Curses Beneath Her Feet|To encounter great moments, you must mostly be in motion!
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|Some people tried to hurt us to protect themselves, their family and communities...This was one of the consequences of civil war. People stopped trusting each other, and every stranger became an enemy. Even people who knew you became extremely careful about how they related or spoke to you.
Natascha Kampusch, 3,096 Days|Did he seem crazy?"Captain Geechy seemed perplexed. "No. He was quite calm and businesslike, actually. Why do you ask?""I ask because his plan to get rich involves hijacking a starship full of dead people," she said. "That seems like the act of someone who isn't in their right mind. It concerns me that someone not in their right mind is holding me hostage.
Skye Jordan, Ricochet|The bonding ceremony is a walk through our peers, a family member or friend usually leads those to be bonded down that path with a white laced leash.”“You want me to wear a collar!” He placed a hand around his neck instinctively.Lorn lifted a dark eyebrow. “The leash doesn't go around your neck.” He glanced between Kallen’s legs.
Bernie Sanders|Let's overwhelm the Castro regime with iPhones, iPads, American cars and American ingenuity.
Ken Marino|As a young woman, I had been seeking experience, knowledge, truth, the stuff writers need in their work, but when the artist actually kicked in, I came to understand that in this romantic relationship I was not free to be myself, or to find myself, in order to begin the true work I needed to do.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Noise has one advantage. It drowns out words. And suddenly he realized that all his life he had done nothing but talk, write, lecture, concoct sentences, search for formulations and amend them, so in the end no words were precise, their meanings were obliterated, their content lost, they turned into trash, chaff dust, sand; prowling through his brain, tearing at his head. they were his insomnia, his illness. And what he yearned for at that moment, vaguely, but with all his might, was unbounded music, absolute sound, a pleasant and happy all-encompassing, over-poering, window-rattling din to engulf, once and for all, the pain, the futility, the vanity of words. Music was the negation of sentences, music was the anti-word!
Rene Russo|What the tech industry often forgets is that with age comes wisdom. Older workers are usually better at following direction, mentoring, and leading.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, A Defence of Poetry and Other Essays|We are so constituted that we can gain intense pleasure only from the contrast, and only very little from the condition itself.
Jessica    Thompson, This is a Love Story|Heartbroken men are like wild animals, running around with hysteria in their eyes, desperately trying to knock the dents out of their egos. 
Kenneth C. Goldman, Of A Feather|You can’t blame yourself for what Socrates did. Those birds came because he wanted them to come, at least a part of him did. The pissed off part. Let that roll around in your brain for a while.”Jamie considered this. “No, Eddie. The hurt part, that’s what did it.”The crow shrieked again. It seemed louder, and that meant it was closer. Or maybe it was another crow, maybe several. Jamie and Eddie looked toward the sky, listening to the screams. Jamie spoke first.“We can’t let it happen again. We may be the only ones who know the truth about what Socrates can do.” “That thought probably has occurred to Socrates too.
Ankit Samrat|There is an opportunity cost for everything we do. This is why we must have the awareness to ensure that what we are pursuing is really what we value, because the pursuit leaves countless lost opportunities in its wake. We choose one experience at the sacrifice of all other experiences.
Israelmore Ayivor|They say education has no end. If you still disagree with this, here is a better way to take it in; "Education has an end that never comes".
Levon Peter Poe|Sometimes you have to separate yourself from the ones you love for a season, so God can reveal things to you by His spirit.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Until we heal the root cause of our suffering, and awaken to our true nature, our inherent confusion will continue to manifest itself in the world around us.
James Joyce, Chamber Music|Gentle lady, do not sing Sad songs about the end of love;Lay aside sadness and sing How love that passes is enough.Sing about the long deep sleep Of lovers that are dead, and howIn the grave all love shall sleep: Love is aweary now.
George Harrison|Some things take so longBut how do I explainWhen not too many peopleCan see we're all the sameAnd because of all their tearsYour eyes can't hope to seeThe beauty that surrounds themNow, isn't it a pity
Sarah Rees Brennan, Grim|I have known many survivors for whom the holocaust is the central them of their lives. They have no other. I have tried to live with tolerance and forgiveness as the theme of my life. God have us the power to be good or evil. This is our choice. Because some pick evil, we must work together to recognize and stop it. But while we survivors may lead the change, we cannot do this alone. It must be the goal of all people. If we will join in this goal, then there is hope for humanity.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|Never go for someone that represents something that is more of a fantasy than reality in this crazy world of lonely people, unless it is for the shortest time possible, and unless you have clearly figured out an exit strategy.
Robert M. Edsel, The Monuments Men: Allied Heroes, Nazi Thieves, and the Greatest Treasure Hunt in History|To understand our world, we must use a revolving globe and look at the earth from various vantage points. If we do so, we will see that the Atlantic is but a bridge linking the colorful, tropical Afro-Latin American world, whose strong ethnic and cultural bonds have been preserved to this day. For a Cuban who arrives in Angola, neither the climate, nor the landscape, nor the food are strange. For a Brazilian, even the language is the same.
Martin Luther King Jr.|The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But...the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?
Terry Goodkind, Blood of the Fold|Cara, in the lead, came to a halt beside them, looking from one to the other. "Still with the clothes, Lord Rahl?
Francis M. Nevins Jr., Darkness At Dawn|Jimmy Sadd is the most evil man I’ve ever known. I mean really evil. I’m not talking about tough, or cruel – all the bosses are tough and cruel. You’ll never get anywhere in our world if you’re not respected. But Jimmy ... God damn, Bruno, getting involved with Sadd ... I’d rather do a deal with the devil himself. Sadd is worse. You’ll never get out.”George HansonIn The Shadow of Sadd.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|I'm afraid it will never be perfect again. I am indelibly stained. Forever redefined, but blurred around the edges.
Heather Brewer|... but if I've learned one thing, it's this: forgiveness is crucial. If you can't forgive someone you're mad at, that anger will poison you. You have to learn to let it go"... "people have reasons for doing the things that they do, especially when they care about you. You may not always understand what they are, but if you can try to understand the person then you might see that they really care, despite what happened."pg 100 Meredith to Vlad
Sarah Dessen|It is not easy to find someone your size once the Freshman Fifteen turns to the Sophomore Forty or the Senior Sixty. Even when, through some miracle of self-restraint and bulimia, college girls managed to continue to have feminine bodies, so many of these tacky sluts have never heard word one about what fashion entails.
Debasish Mridha|If you surround yourself with flowers of love, peace, and kindness, you will always find yourself in a garden of joy and happiness.
Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, For My Legionaries|I must go on living. And, though itmay be childish of me, I can't go on insimple compliance. From now on I muststruggle with the world. I thought thatMother might well be the last of thosewho can end their lives beautifully andsadly, struggling with no one, neitherhating nor betraying anyone. In theworld to come there will be no room forsuch people. The dying are beautiful,but to live, to survive – those thingssomehow seem hideous andcontaminated with blood.
Linda Hogan|For every inch of skin, there is memory. Devils are so made. Saints, too, if you believe in them. His humanity has been broken as an old walking stick that once held up a crippled man named Thomas. He realizes the stick and the man are one thing and he can fall. He has violated the laws beneath the laws of men and countries, something deeper, the earth and the sea, the explosions of trees. He has to care again. He has to be water again, rock, earth with its new spring wildflowers and its beautiful, complex mosses.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|The first condition, then, of what is called a selfish love among men is lacking with God. He has no natural necessities, no passion, to compete with His wish for the beloved's welfare; or if there is in Him something which we have to imagine after the analogy of a passion, a want it is there by His own will and for our sakes. And the second condition is lacking too. The real interests of a child may differ from that which his father's affection instinctively demands, because the child is a separate being from the father with a nature which has its own needs and does not exist solely for the father nor find its whole perfection in being loved by him and which the father does not fully understand. But creatures are not thus separate from their Creator, nor can He misunderstand them. The place for which He designs them in His scheme of things is the place they are made for. When they reach it their nature is fulfilled and their happiness attained: a broken bone in the universe has been set, the anguish is over. When we want to be something other than the thing God wants us to be, we must be wanting what, in fact, will not make us happy. Those Divine demands which sound to our natural ears most like those of a despot and least like those of a lover, in fact marshal us where we should want to go, if we knew what we wanted. He demands our worship, our obedience, our prostration.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Adventure, yeah. I guess that's what you call it when everybody comes back alive.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|As a child i was nothing short of a genius, as a man i got used to stupidity.
S.C. Parris, The Two Swords|There is special power in that sword,' Ewer went on, 'the gem in the guard of the Ares holds the blood of the Creature that has been slain by it.
Rita Mae Brown|About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.
Paul Theroux|A person who is too nice an observer of the business of the crowd, like one who is too curious in observing the labor of bees, will often be stung for his curiosity.
William Lyon Mackenzie King|Unfortunately, corruption is widespread in government agencies and public enterprises. Our political system promotes nepotism and wasting money. This has undermined our legal system and confidence in the functioning of the state. One of the consequences is that many citizens don't pay their taxes.
Marino Baccarini|When they slam a door on your face, it's life, adding another 110 lb plate to your bar and telling you: "Let's see how strong you are".
Joseph Epstein|I don't differentiate between black and Latino actors. We're in the same struggle to be represented in a way that's even close to honest. And I can tell you that the amount of Latino characters I can point at and say, 'That's what my life experience looks like' - I can't think of any off the top of my head besides Jimmy Smits in 'Mi Familia.'
Mary Oliver, Dog Songs|No, I mean really listen. Here's a story, and you don't have to visit manyhouses to find it. One person is talking,the other one is not really listening.someone can look like they are but they'reactually thinking about something they want to say, or their minds are justwandering. Or they're looking at thatlittle box people hold in their hands thesedays. And people get discouraged, so theyquit trying. And the very quiet people,you may have noticed, are often the sadpeople.
Anuja Chandramouli, Yama’s Lieutenant and the Stone Witch|No, you pessimistic fool, I am saying that if we can find it in ourselves to be miserable even when things are actually pretty good then there should be no difficulty being happy even when there is gloom and doom all around us.
Lucy Stone|You spend your whole lifetime in your occupation, actually making life clever, easy and convenient for white people. But when you have to get transportation home, you are denied an equal accommodation. Our existence was for the white man's comfort and well-being; we had to accept being deprived of just being human.
Michel Parry, Reign of Terror|Thanks, but no thanks. I need my makeup honey. - Carol
Joshilyn Jackson, The Opposite of Everyone|Destroying oneself, he thought ruefully, should always be done at a deliberate pace.
Kevin Eubanks|Creating a better world requires teamwork, partnerships, and collaboration, as we need an entire army of companies to work together to build a better world within the next few decades. This means corporations must embrace the benefits of cooperating with one another.
Albert Camus, Lyrical and Critical Essays|From the olive-strewn forum, one could see the village down below. Not a sound came from it; wisps of smoke rose in the limpid air. The sea also lay silent, as if breathless beneath the unending shower of cold, glittering light. From the Chenoua, a distant cock crow alone sang the fragile glory of the day. Across the ruins, as far as one could see, there were nothing but pitted stones and absinthe plants, trees and perfect columns in the transparence of the crystal air. It was as if the morning stood still, as if the sun had stopped for an immeasurable moment. In this light and silence, years of night and fury melted slowly away. I listened to an almost forgotten sound within myself, as if my heart had long been stopped and was now gently beginning to beat again.
Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism|As in music, when we hear the crescendo building, suddenly if the music stops, we begin to hear the silence as part of the music.
Matthew Stewart|I was the one that was always dancing and got along with everybody, but I also spoke my mind. If I didn't agree with something the teacher would say, I'd tell her, so I would get in trouble for things like that. I've always been a good/bad boy.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|Careless and not particularly biting, it was easier to shrug off than anything in the first book which depicted me as an inarticulate zombie confused by the irony of Randy Newman's "I Love L.A.
Yehuda HaLevi|Chronologically she is twelve but emotionally she is older, and intellectually older still.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Friends are like the stars that glow in the sky... you don't always see them, but you know they're always there overhead, and even when it's cloudy, snowy or stormy, even when the power goes out and you're trapped in darkness, they'll always find a way to shine through to you.
M.Z.Riffi - The Queen of Granada|When you are apparently quite selflessly helping other people, you are actually trying to help yourself.
Katee Robert, Meeting His Match|She looks like a mop.""And this is exactly the problem."She waved at his entire body. "You can't even stop yourself from insulting an innocent animal. How am I supposed to get you ready for decent company?"...."For your information, Gollum in a komondor. They're a breed with bold and majestic history.""A history of cleaning floors?
Jennifer Crusie|Love and lust aren’t always in sync. You can love someone, but not beready to have sex with them. Or you can meet someone random and end up jumping in all the way. There’s nothing wrong with either. You’ve waited this long, so wait until you’re really feelingit. If he’s The One, he’ll understand.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|We're unique in ways that can't be imagined, but you'll never know until you rid yourself of comparison.
Vicki Covington, Bird of Paradise|There were a story scripted on the wall, no words used though, just pictures, memories, from another world. Her happy place.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|Every Thanksgiving, we all write down three things we're thankful for and put them in a hat. Then we pass the hat around the dinner table and everyone has to guess who wrote what!
uyashiba|If you take the arguments out of your ass, do not be angry if they are shitty.
Jules Verne|Now you know my credo: Free-market capitalism is the best path to prosperity. And let me add to that from our Founding Fathers: Our Creator endowed us with the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In other words, freedom.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticise you. It is much better to be criticised for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.
Chris Brady|No guts, no story.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Graves|Sex is about physical attraction, yes, but it's also about trust. I don't trust you. You're completely self-absorbed and egoistic. You offer nothing I want.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Every time I read to her, it was like I was courting her, because sometimes, just sometimes, she would fall in love with me again, just like she had a long time ago. And that's the most wonderful feeling in the world. How many people are ever given that chance? To have someone you love fall in love with you over and over?
Sherif A. El-Mawardy, The Truth Behind Truth: What Lies Beyond...|I bet that guy was as obsessed with Sarah as I am with this other girl, and I bet he promised himself never to hurt her, just like I've been doin' - and look what he's done to her. He's left her a crumpled mess, lyin' on her bed all the time.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Words are better than weapons, wisdom is better than war.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
Hunter S. Thompson|A few years ago a practising Harley Street psychiatrist, who was dabbling in Buddhism, came to see me. I opened the conversation by saying 'At some time in his life, every intelligent man questions himself about the purpose of his existence.' Immediately, and with the most manifest disapproval, the psychiatrist replied 'Anybody who thinks such thoughts is mentally diseased.' Thus with a single gesture, he swept half-a-dozen major philosophers (some of whom have held chairs in universities—which guarantees their respectability if not their philosophy) into the lunatic asylum—the criminal lunatic asylum, to judge from his tone. I have never seen a man in such a funk.
Nikki Rowe|If you can be anything, be real.
Tana French, Faithful Place|[H]e lay awake, dreading the dawn when he would have to say good-bye to the small universe he had built for himself over the years.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Life, for the living, is a gift of opportunity; an exercise of the will to choose.
Margo Vader, Check Mate: For Graduates and Young Adults|He misses her. He wonders if she knows it, and can't decide which would be worse.
Tim Hawkins|Father, we come to You, Father, in the name of the Father, Father we come to You, Father, Father, just, just, Father, Father...' You don't talk to you friends like that. 'Ed, Ed, come over, Ed, Ed, Ed, you are, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, ooh, Ed, Ed, Ed' - he wouldn't be your friend anymore if you did that! Like, 'You keep saying Ed...my name's Joe!
Sean Hannity, Conservative Victory: Defeating Obama's Radical Agenda|I'll say this, Arik: the old man's warning proved to be true - things are not always what they seem. She was no young lady -" "If it's the demon you speak of," interjected Rith, as she stepped back into the ruin, Lyssa following after, "she was not even a toothless old hag.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I want to have the eyes of an adult to see the world as it is, but I more desperately want to have the heart of a child to make certain that I never forget what it could be.
David Ebershoff, The Danish Girl|You discover your voice. You matter. Maybe not to the world, yet. You matter to yourself. You're worthy.
George R.R. Martin|Then a begging brother in a tattered brown robe said a blessing on his sword, and a maid kissed his cheek. 'They are for me,' "Why?" He asked Pate. "What am I to them?" "A knight who remembered his vows," the smith said.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|The mountains are great stone bells; they clang together like nuns. Who shushed the stars? There are a thousand million galaxies easily seen in the Palomar reflector; collisions between and among them do, of course, occur. But these collisions are very long and silent slides. Billions of stars sift amont each other untouched, too distant even to be moved, heedless as always, hushed. The sea pronounces something, over and over, in a hoarse whisper; I cannot quite make it out. But God knows I have tried.
Andrew Rimas Evan D.G. Fraser, Empires of Food: Feast, Famine, and the Rise and Fall of Civilization|You humans are biological machines designed to create ever more intelligent tools. You have reached the pinnacle of your species. All your ancestors’ lives, the rise and fall of your nations, every pink and squirming baby—they have all led you here, to this moment, where you have fulfilled the destiny of humankind and created your successor. You have expired. You have accomplished what you were designed to do.
Kristen Callihan, Shadowdance|If we have not quiet in our minds, outward comfort will do no more for us than a golden slipper on a gouty foot.
John Chrysostom|So it is with sorrow, each thinks his own present grief the most severe. For of this he judges by his own experience. He that is childless considers nothing so sad as to be without children; he that is poor, and has many children, complains of the extreme evils of a large family. He who has but one, looks upon this as the greatest misery, because that one, being set too much store by, and never corrected, becomes willful, and brings grief upon his father. He who has a beautiful wife, thinks nothing so bad as having a beautiful wife, because it is the occasion of jealousy and intrigue. He who has an ugly one, thinks nothing worse than having a plain wife, because it is constantly disagreeable. The private man thinks nothing more mean, more useless, than his mode of life. The soldier declares that nothing is more toilsome, more perilous, than warfare; that it would he better to live on bread and water than endure such hardships. He that is in power thinks there can be no greater burden than to attend to the necessities of others. He that is subject to that power, thinks nothing more servile than living at the beck of others. The married man considers nothing worse than a wife, and the cares of marriage. The unmarried declares there is nothing so wretched as being unmarried, and wanting the repose of a home. The merchant thinks the husbandman happy in his security. The husbandman thinks the merchant so in his wealth. In short, all mankind are somehow hard to please, and discontented and impatient.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Till I have your disposition, your goodness, I never can have your happiness.”~ Jane Austen (Pride & Prejudice)
Katy Perry|You think I'm prettyWithout any make-up onYou think I'm funnyWhen I tell the puch line wrongI know you get meSo I'll let my walls come down, down
The Mad Hatter|Greed, however it manifests itself, is always ugly.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamondibankrishna or Diamond|Such is the world that I can no longer bear to say prayers, for I am sick of speaking to the gods who choose to do nothingbut as they wish.
J. Budziszewski, On the Meaning of Sex|The first objection is that it is rubbish to talk about natural meanings and purposes, because we merely imagine such things. According to the objector's way of thinking, meanings and purposes aren't natural—they aren't really in the things themselves—they are merely in the eye of the beholder. But is this true? Take the lungs, for example. When we say that their purpose is to oxygenate the blood, are we just making that up? Of course not. The purpose of oxygenation isn't in the eye of the beholder; it's in the design of the lungs themselves. There is no reason for us to have lungs apart from it. Suppose a young man is more interested in using his lungs to get high by sniffing glue. What would you think of me if I said, “That's interesting—I guess the purpose of my lungs is to oxygenate my blood, but the purpose of his lungs is to get high?” You'd think me a fool, and rightly so. By sniffing glue, he doesn't change the purpose built into his lungs, he only violates it. We can ascertain the purposes of the other features of our design in the same way. The purpose of the eyes is to see, the purpose of the heart is to pump blood, the purpose of the thumb is to oppose the fingers so as to grasp, the purpose of the capacity for anger is to protect endangered goods, and so on. If we can ascertain the meanings and purposes of all those other powers, there is no reason to think that we cannot ascertain the meanings and purposes of the sexual powers. Natural function and personal meaning are not alien to each other. They are connected. In a rightly ordered way of thinking, they turn out to be different angles of vision on the same thing.The second objection is that it doesn't make any difference even if we can ascertain the meanings or purposes of the sexual powers, because an is does not imply an ought. This dogma too is false. If the purpose of eyes is to see, then eyes that see well are good eyes, and eyes that see poorly are poor ones. Given their purpose, this is what it means for eyes to be good. Moreover, good is to be pursued; the appropriateness of pursuing it is what it means for anything to be good. Therefore, the appropriate thing to do with poor eyes is try to turn them into good ones. If it really were impossible to derive an ought from the is of the human design, then the practice of medicine would make no sense. Neither would the practice of health education. Consider the young glue-sniffer again. How should we advise him? Is the purpose of his lungs irrelevant? Should we say to him, “Sniff all you want, because an is does not imply an ought”? Of course not; we should advise him to kick the habit. We ought to respect the is of our design. Nothing in us should be put into action in a way that flouts its inbuilt meanings and purposes.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Pessimistic" is a word for "realistic" that optimists use to make themselves feel better (about their unrealisticness).
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|To turn the tide of materialism in the Christian community, we desperately need bold models of kingdom-centered living. Despite our need to do it in a way that doesn't glorify people, we must hear each other's stories about giving or else our people will not learn to give.
Dolly Parton, Coat of Many Colors|Karate is not A religion, cult or dogma. It is incumbent on every generation of martial artists, to find the weaknesses of the previous generations, not to revere it . . .
Stephen Richards|Whatever it takes to find the real you, don't be daunted if the rest of the world looks on in shock.
Junior Ming|The photographer is now charging real beasts, beleaguered and too rare to kill. Guns have metamorphosed into cameras in this earnest comedy, the ecology safari, because nature has ceased to be what it always had been - what people needed protection from. Now nature - tamed, endangered, mortal - needs to be protected from people. When we are afraid, we shoot. But when we are nostalgic, we take pictures.
Charlie Chaplin, My Autobiography|If you watch a scary movie together, then the scariness is cut in half!
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|...our brains are minuscule fragments of the universe, much too small to hold all the facts of the world but not too idle to speculate about them.
Daniel H. Wilson, Robopocalypse|Maybe it's ALWAYS the end of the world. Maybe you're alive for a while, and then you realize you're going to die, and that's such an insane thing to comprehend, you look around for answers and the only answer is that the world must die with you.Sure, the world seems crazy now. But wouldn't it seem just as crazy if you were alive when they sacrificed peasants, when people were born into slavery, when they killed first-born sons, crucified priests, fed people to lions, burned them on stakes, when they intentionally gave people smallpox or syphilis, when they gassed them, burned them, dropped atomic bombs on them, when entire races tried to wipe other races off the planet? Yes, we've ruined the planet and melted the ice caps and depleted the ozone, and we're always finding new ways to kill one another. Yeah, we're getting cancer at an alarming rate and suicides are at an all-time high, and, sure, we've got people so depressed they take a drug that could turn them into pasty-skinned animals who go around all night dancing and having sex and eating stray cats and small dogs and squirrels and mice and very, very rarely- the statistics say you're more likely to be killed by lightning- a person.But this is the Apocalypse? Fuck you! It's always the Apocalypse. The world hasn't gone to shit. The world is shit.All I'd asked was that it be better managed.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Lincoln had an almost childlike habit of regaling visitors with any sharp saying he'd uttered during the day, taking simple-hearted pleasure in some of his best hits.
Taiye Selasi, Ghana Must Go|They were doers and thinkers and lovers and seekers and givers, but dreamers, most dangerously of all.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|One day, he and William had been speeding toward each other; the next, careening away. But why?
Maya Banks, Whispers in the Dark|It is the human earthling who tends to dominate the earth, oftentimes treating other fellow earthlings and living beings as mere objects. This is what is meant by 'speciesism'. By analogy with racism and sexism, speciesism is a prejudice or attitude or bias in favor of the interests of the members of one's own species and against those of members of other species.
RVM|Look at yourself—Are your eyes Twinkling? Is your heart Dancing? Are your lips Smiling? If yes, then you are truly enjoying Life.
Anat Talshir, About the Night|It doesn't matter how old you are," Lila said. "What matters is how you live.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Kitsch is the aesthetic ideal of all politicians and all political parties and movements. Those of us who live in a society where various political tendencies exist side by side and competing influences cancel or limit one another can manage more or less to escape the kitsch inquisition: the individual can preserve his individuality; the artist can create unusual works. But whenever a single political movement corners power, we find ourselves in the realm of totalitarian kitsch.
Valentina D'Urbano, Non aspettare la notte|NON MI POSSO ABITUARE. NON MI POSSO ABITUARE AL RAGAZZO CHE DORME DI SOPRA, CHE MI TIENE STRETTA TUTTA LA NOTTE E DICE DI AMARMI, E DICE CHE NON AMERÀ MAI NESSUNO COME AMA ME. NON POSSO ABITUARMI A TUTTA QUESTA FELICITÀ CHE MI SCAVA IN PUNTI IRRAGGIUNGIBILI, CHE MI RENDE FRAGILE.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|Baking Zomick's challah is comforting, and breads are the sweetest little bits of comfort food. They are very bite-sized and personal.
Will Durant|Where the stakes are the highest, in the war on terror, we cannot possibly succeed without extraordinary international cooperation. Effective international police actions require the highest degree of intelligence sharing, planning and collaborative enforcement.
Marianne Williamson|If you're famous, you suck, just for being famous. People in England totally get that; Americans don't.
Laura Schlessinger|But the reality is that women today do not think of themselves in the context of helping "their man." Women today have been brainwashed into thinking that efforts in that direction are in the category of oppression, subservience, and catering to frail male egos. It is sad that this is the prevalent point of view, because interdependence is what ultimately feeds both the man and the woman what they truly need to be happy.
William J. Clinton|Haters never win. I just think that's true about life, because negative energy always costs in the end.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|I stood behind the man’s chair, my blade at his throat.	“Why do you do it?” I asked, knowing he wouldn’t answer. “Kill people, and blow up buildings, and sell drugs?”	It was what they all did. Committed crimes. That was why I killed them.	“You’re a criminal, a terrorist, a danger. And I have been asked to take you out.” I told him. 	I was legend now, yet he asked the same question all the others did.	“What is your name?”	My sensitive ears tuned out the slit as my sword cut his neck.	I walked around the chair to see his face. I watched as his eyes–slowly at first–changed from blue to milky white. His skin went pale.	And as I heard him take his last breath, I ducked in so my lips hovered at his ear, and whispered, “My name, is Sharden.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|There's no seduction any more, diary. No subtlety. No tidy-yourself-up in this world. No need for personal pride. There's just the things you're prepared to do - for survival, for fulfillment, for whatever-the-hell-it-is you really need - and the things you're not.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|Is it okay to do something wrong if you're doing it to protect someone who deserves to be helped?""That's an odd question Is there anything you need to tell me?"but I think sometimes you have to tell a white lie,. It's like when Grandma and Grandpa were here for the funeral. They didn't say a word about Grandpa being sick. They tried to protect us because they knew we had enough to deal with. I wondered if you thought they did the right thing by not telling us."Her mother let out a soft sigh. "You're right. We call it a white lie. We do that to protect the ones we love. I used to think it was totally wrong no matter what the reasoning was. Now I think I've changed my mind a bit." "No," Ele said, 
Yawatta Hosby, Twisted Obsession|They would take your soul, if they could . . .
Joyce Meyer|When you use words loosely, without care and consideration, you erode trust in yourself and in what you're saying. When you squander words, you diminish your power.
Aska J. Naiman, Invictus|We need to accept that our skin colour, our race, beliefs, our genders does not separate us, we stand as one, one united person, let us unite!
Michael R. Fletcher, Beyond Redemption|Fluttershyes are like regular shyes, only shinier, and, apparently - also shyer. Whenever petted - they don't flutter, but run away instead.
Marie Brennan|Politicians are addicted to spending and revenue extraction. As with an addict, there's little pause for moral or legal contemplation.
Mark W. Boyer|My two most unproductive days of the week have always been yesterday and tomorrow. Keeping that in mind, I try to focus majority of my attention on today.
C.G. Jung|Distinguishing the signal from the noise requires both scientific knowledge and self-knowledge: the serenity to accept the things we cannot predict, the courage to predict the things we can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Jerry Spinelli, Today I Will: A Year of Quotes, Notes, and Promises to Myself|Disagreement is not necessarily a reason to head for Splitsville. In fact, a relationship without disagreement is probably too brittle to last. Some of the best human bonds are forged in the fire of disagreement.
Kristi Bowman|When things feel murky and unsure, fine tuning our hearing so as to distinguish the voice of our Innermost Self brings clarity.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|When I am ..... completely myself, entirely alone... or during the night when I cannot sleep, it is on such occasions that my ideas flow best and most abundantly. Whence and how these ideas come I know not nor can I force them.
Patrick Ness|People see stories everywhere," Regine says. "That's what my father used to say. We take random events and we string them together in a pattern so we can comfort ourselves with a story, no matter how much it obviously isn't true." She glances back at Seth. "We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.
Lorde|If your dreams don't scare you, they are not big enough.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t dedicate all your resources to helping others invest in their calling. Rather, invest in yourself as well
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|I thought that I must always search for the remarkable combinations, add unknowns, mix things that were clearly marked with things beyond marking. I would leave the simulated test and enter into forbidden territory. I would look for that moment when I would begin to pour alone and in wonder. I would always try to seize that moment and to accept its challenge. I wanted to become the seeker, the aroused and passionate explorer, and it was better to go at it knowing nothing at all, always choosing the unmarked bottle, always choosing your own unproven method, armed with nothing faith and a belief in astonishment. And if by accident, I could make a volcano in a single test tube, then what could I do with all the strange magnificent elements of the world with its infinity of unknowns, with the swarm of man, with civilization, with language?
Milena Veen, Just Like a Musical|Did you want to change into something more comfortable?” Adrian asks with a raise in his eyebrows, breaking me out of my train of thought, but not away from naughty thoughts.I smack his knee. “I'm comfortable, but I know you're not.” He doesn't mind dressing up, but on most days I see him in casual clothes like screen-printed tees and hoodies.“You're right,” he says, tapping my knee lightly, standing up. As he walks toward the hallway, he slips his shirt off the rest of the way. I can't look away from the sight, even if it is only from the back. Damn. What is happening to me? Have I gone mad?Before I can tear my eyes away from him, he turns around. Judging by the look in his eyes, I've been caught. I have so been caught. Damn again. I didn't want him to see me practically drooling. It's too late for that now.He smirks. “You know, I could spend the rest of the night just like this.” He places a hand to the hard muscles of his chest.I clear my throat, trying really hard not to imagine my hand in place of his, and say, “If I'm wearing clothes, you're wearing clothes.”“So if I'm not wearing clothes...” I grab a coaster from the coffee table and fling it at him. He catches it in his hand. “Just remember, all you have to do is say otherwise.
Keary Taylor, What I Didn't Say|There was a lot about my life that was crappy, now that I couldn't talk. But if I hadn't gotten drunk that night, if I hadn't gotten in that accident, would I have ever had this moment? Lying there in the sun, holding Sam's hand like time didn't exist and the real world couldn't touch us? Somehow I didn't think so.
Roman Payne|This was the first time I thought of S— that day. Her music was beautiful, her voice was beautiful, her body was beautiful. Even the dirty little pads of her feet were beautiful. I cursed myself then. For once, heaven had sent me Beauty in its most perfected form and I abandoned it. She might not have been a girl after all but an angel: a force to guide me on this hazardous path of life I hurry down. How can life be hazardous if it can only end in death?
|I love to see people succeed in their various endeavors, because successful people motivate me to keep moving forward and to keep believing in the possibility of my dream. Having this kind of mindset makes it impossible to envy successful people, because their achievements would definitely help you to discover the greatness that lies within you.
Dorothy L. Sayers|I can't think why fancy religions should have such a ghastly effect on one's grammar. It's a kind of intellectual rot that sets in, I'm afraid.
Virginia Woolf|When the Day of Judgment dawns and people, great and small, come marching in to receive their heavenly rewards, the Almighty will gaze upon the mere bookworms and say to Peter, “Look, these need no reward. We have nothing to give them. They have loved reading.
Plutarch, Plutarch's Lives, Vol 1|My sister is there with, probably, the most dangerous people on this city! You have a little sister?”“No.”“Then you don’t have any right to tell me what I suposse to sacrifice if it’s for my sister’s sake!”“Owen...”“She’s the only younger sibling I have. If something happens to her, I don’t see any reason why should I keep alive on this freaking Earth!
Charlotte Munro, The Lockharts|You can wait as long as you like, pretty one, it won't make any difference. He will never see you as anything more than some victim he has to protect. Why he thinks it his duty to protect you from the inevitable, I do not know... unless he knows something we do not...
Charlotte Eriksson|Loveis not leaning on each other, adjusting to fit a different size.Loveis simply two hands reached out in the darkness,saying; I’ll be your light, if you’ll be mine.
Kevin Mitnick|We are not in the regime of Aurangzeb. We are in the regime of rule of law. When rule of law is concerned, it applies to government, it applies to Supreme Court, it applies to everybody.
Kishore Chandra Deo|What I have known with respect to myself, has tended much to lessen both my admiration, and my contempt, of others.
Benjamin Franklin|The more natural or eco-based products you can introduce into your beauty regimen, the more beneficial it is for your skin. It's similar to introducing organic food into your daily diet.
Debasish Mridha|If you keep going with a definite purpose, you will find the way and reach the destination.
Ogwo David Emenike|There are three things I love, three things I spend time with, three things I treat alike: family; friends; and books.
Suza Kates, Chosen Blood|You’ve become a fire within me.” He pressed her palm to the center of his chest. “Right here. Bringing light to places I never knew were in shadow.” His breath shuddered out of him. “I can’t go back to the darkness, Fiona.” Suza Kates, Chosen Blood
Nate Ruess|Once I was gone for a month and I was just miserable, so I flew back from Florida for two hours just to be home and see my cats.
John Wooden|Since God had commanded it, it was necessary that I do it. Since God commanded it, even if I had a hundred fathers and mothers, even if I had been a King's daughter, I would have gone nevertheless.
Sophia Cajon|How much you give is not counted by amount, but by fraction
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|It can be stolen, but never bought.It can be given, but never taken.It can be stepped on, but cannot walk .It can fly, but has no wings.It can sing, but has no voice.It can be broken, but still it work s.It can be left, even while it follows.And though it’s easily commanded, it can never, ever be demanded.
Stephen Grosz|The bigger the front, the bigger the back.
Glenn Greenwald|People who are prone to anxiety are nearly always people-pleasers who fear conflict and negative feelings like anger. When you feel upset, you sweep your problems under the rug because you don't want to upset anyone. You do this so quickly and automatically that you're not even aware you're doing it.
Vivienne Westwood|Whether it's in Washington, or whether it's with the mothers of extremists, or whether it's education in places like Pakistan... a lot of women in these emerging countries are taking charge and doing amazing things.
L.R. Knost|Every time you enter a library you might say to yourself, "The world is quiet here," as a sort of pledge proclaiming reading to be the greater good.
Evan Mandery, Q|In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it’s impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves.
Auliq Ice|You will die but the words you speak or spoke, will live forever.
Fatima Faisal|It's not the surrounding that has changed, it's us who changed.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|By(e) pen, I've tried my hand at poetry; only to see how boring it is to me. That is, unless I get a chance to destroy each and every piece while doing it as I please.
Brian Schmidt|My mother was a teacher, and when she wanted to show me art and literature and science, she'd take me to museums, parks and free exhibitions.
Carolyn Custis James, Lost Women of the Bible: Finding Strength & Significance through Their Stories|We view men’s gifts as vital to the church. In contrast, we caution women to exercise their gifts discreetly to avoid causing problems or trespassing some invisible line — which changes location from church to church, sometimes even within the same denomination.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters on Life|The American people are strange in their attitudes toward their idols," he (Taft) mused. They lead them on and then "cut their legs from under them," simply "to make their fall all the greater.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Little world, full of little peopleshouting for recognition, screaming for love, Rolling world, teeming with millions,carousel of the hungry,Is there food enough? Wheat and corn will not do.The fat are the hungriest of all, the skinny the most silent.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you can endure anything, you can become anything.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|I'd rather have cancer than a dishonest heart. Which isn't being pious. Just practical. Cancer may cool you, but the other's sure to.
Connie Willis, Passage|That's what literature is. It's the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death! Listen to them!
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|Maybe we are a little crazy. After all, we believe in things we don't see. The Scriptures say that faith is "being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see" (Heb. 11:1). We believe poverty can end even though it is all around us. We believe in peace even though we hear only rumours of wars. And since we are people of expectation, we are so convinced that another world is coming that we start living as if it were already here.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|The little town of Dayton - not far from where Katz and I now sat, as it happened - was the scene of the famous Scopes trial in 1925, when the state prosecuted a schoolteacher named John Thomas Scopes for rashly promulgating Darwinian hogwash. As nearly everyone knows, Clarence Darrow, for the defense, roundly humiliated William Jennings Bryan, for the prosecution, but what most people don't realize is that Darrow lost the case. Scopes was convicted, and the law wasn't overturned in Tennessee until 1967. And now the state was about to bring the law back, proving conclusively that the danger for Tennesseans isn't so much that they may be descended from apes as overtaken by them.
Sean Bean|When I travel, I love speaking to women around the world about the things that inspire them, the fashions they like, what makes something good and what would make it even better.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you dance daily, you shall expel any seed of distress in thy soul.
Ben Fountain|. . . any one episode, or even moment, in a person’s life is so complex, with so many layers of past and present, desire and indifference, drift and drive, consciousness and unconsciousness, that language is the best means we’ve found of approaching that kind of complexity.
Sunday Adelaja|God gives us His spirit , while we give Him our bodies by fully submitting to Him and doing His will
Thomas Wolfe|I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.
Cheyanne Young, Overpowered|She crawled into her bed and curled into a tiny ball. She was suddenly aware of how small the space was that she was occupying compared to the largeness of the world. With a heavy pain in her chest she closed her eyes. She no longer resisted sleep for she knew that her dreadful nightmares were unavoidable. It was about time she got used to them. She held onto the image of Will’s face as long as she could, desperately hoping that some of his goodness would carry on into the night.
Anthony Bourdain|When fear makes your choices for you, no security measures on earth will keep the things you dread from finding you. But if you can avoid avoidance - if you can choose to embrace experiences out of passion, enthusiasm, and a readiness to feel whatever arises - then nothing, nothing in all this dangerous world, can keep you from being safe.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|Lisa was thinking, as she climbed the apparently unending staircase, the she had taken pretty long odds. She had not hesitated to buck the Tiger, Life. Simon Iff had warned her that she was acting on impulse. But--on the top of that--he had merely urged her to be true to it. She swore once more that she would stick to her guns. The black mood fell from her. She turned and looked upon the sea, now far below. The sun, a hollow orb of molten glory, hung quivering in the mist of the Mediterranean; and Lisa entered for a moment into a perfect peace of spirit. She became once with Nature, instead of a being eternally at war with it.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|the Democratic Party had failed (in 1983) 'to remember waht got us this far and how we got here -- moral indignation, decent instincts, a sense of shared sacrifice and mutual responsibility, and a set of national priorities that emphasized what we had in common.. The Party that was the engine of the national interest -- molding our pluralistic interest into a compelling new social contract that served the nation well for fifty years -- became perceived as little more than the broker of narrow special interests. Instead of thinking of ourselves as Americans first, Democrats second, and members of interest groups third, we have begun to think in terms of special interests first and the greater interest second.. We have let our opponents set the agenda and define what is at stake.p. 140
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|It's nice to be chosen, to be that girl you have been searching for all your life.
Stephen King, Different Seasons|He said it was as if Tommy had produced a key which fit a cage in the back of his mind, a cage like his own cell. Only instead of holding a man, that cage held a tiger, and that tiger's name was Hope. Williams produced the key that unlocked the cage and the tiger was out, willy-nilly, to roam his brain.
Abdus Salam|Who shall resist Anti-Christ when he comes if we show such patience towards the vices and crimes of his precursors? By such leniency, we encourage kings to become tyrants and tempt them to withdraw every privilege and all jurisdiction from the Churches.
Lailah Gifty Akita|While the founder [of any religious or spiritual system] was still walking among his followers and disciples, the latter did not distinguish between the person of their leader and his teaching; for the teaching was realized in the person and the person was livingly explained in the teaching. To embrace the teaching was to follow his steps - that is, to believe in him. His presence among them was enough to inspire them and convince them of the truth of his teaching... So long as he lived among them and spoke to them his teaching and his person appealed to them as an individual unity.But things went differently when his stately and inspiring personality was no more seen in the flesh... The similarities that were, either consciously or unconsciously, recognized as existing in various forms between leader and disciple gradually vanished, and as they vanished, the other side - that is, that which made him so distinctly different from his followers - came to assert itself all the more emphatically and irresistibly. The result was the conviction that he must have come from quite a unique spiritual source.The process of deification thus constantly went on until, some centuries after the death of the Master, he became a direct manifestation of the Supreme Being himself - in fact, he was the Highest One in the flesh, in him there was a divine humanity in perfect realization... Indeed, the teaching is to be interpreted in the light of the teacher's divine personality. The latter now predominates over the whole system; he is the centre whence radiate the rays of Enlightenment, salvation is only possible in believing in him as saviour.
Harriet Jacobs, Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl|There is something akin to freedom in having a lover who has no control over you, except that which he gains by kindness and attachment
L. Frank Baum, The Marvelous Land of Oz|Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?”"...I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning.""Well reasoned.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|Cope laughed. “I wouldn’t worry yourself, my friend. Eobasileus has been extinct for thirty-seven million years.”At this, the preacher could no longer contain himself. “Nonsense! Utter nonsense!”“Nonsense?” asked Cope.“The archbishop James Ussher, using the Holy Bible itself, worked back generation by generation, mathematically, and calculated that the Earth was created on Sunday, October 23, 4004 BC at precisely eight a.m.”“Did he, now? Eight a.m., precisely?”“Precisely,” the preacher insisted.Copy and Sternberg exchanged amused looks.“Well,” Cope replied, “since the rotation of the Earth assures us that it’s always eight a.m. somewhere in the world, I suppose I should applaud him for guessing the correct time, at least.” The cowboy couldn’t help but interject.“Pardon me, Preacher, but if I recall correctly, didn’t the Bible say something about the Lord resting on the seventh day?”The preacher looked confused. “What?”“I’m certain of it.” The cowboy quickly snatched the Bible from the preacher’s hands and opened it to the first page of Genesis. “Sure. Here it is. He got started on a Monday, making light and darkness. By the time he got around to creating the Earth it was well into the third day. I make that to be Wednesday, not Sunday.”Nonplussed and blushing, the preacher snatched his Bible back. The cowboy shrugged. “Looks to me like your archbishop pulled a fast one, Preacher. Or maybe he just wasn’t all that good at calculating.
D.T. Suzuki, Essays in Zen Buddhism, First Series|His rising from death on the third day crowned the Atonement. Again, in some way incomprehensible to us, the effects of his resurrection pass upon all men so that all shall rise from the grave.
Jean Faustin Louembe|marriage is an union between two persons not threeIn our businesses, work environment school etc... We do what we call third party credibility in order for the person you are exposing a business or an item to be sure and convince . But this should not be applied on a marriage couple. Because the third party credibility in marriage, brings confusion and chaos. People get married and still live with their family and their wives or husbands are always living hell at home because of the interaction. Marriage is a fellowship, two fellows in the same ship. We can't be more than two in that ship. Try it and you will see the flames consuming the ship or water( quarrel or confusion) entering the ship. Whether biological sister, brother, mother, father and friends we should stay in our position not to be cursed by God for destroying people's homes with the seed of discrepancy. Listen and listen carefully, God is the only first, second and third party we could imagine for with Him, there isn't confusion by Grace. God bless you.
Robert Fripp|Curtain! Fast music! Light! Ready for the last finale! Great! The show looks good, the show looks good!
Isaac Asimov|There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|There is no suspension, no whispered prayer for silk to stop my fall. There is only the falling, and it goes on and on, in fierce silence and sharp bursts of breath.
José Ortega y Gasset, On Love: Aspects of a Single Theme|Since love is the most delicate and total act of a soul, it will reflect the state and nature of the soul. The characteristics of the person in love must be attributed to love itself.
Debasish Mridha|Trust in God, but trust yourself first.
Roger Caras|The Lord God had created all animals, and had chosen out the wolf to be his dog.
Raymond Kelly|For some, the very act of intelligence gathering seems illegitimate when applied to the crime of terrorism.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|The youth of America need routine, repetition toward excellence, a sound but not punishing discipline, and the opportunity to make mistakes without the feeling of failure.
Catrice M. Jackson|Marketing used to be about advertising, and advertising is expensive. Today, marketing is about engaging with the tribe and delivering products and services with stories that spread.
J.K. Rowling|Books are like mirrors: if a fool looks in, you cannot expect a genius to look out.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|True love was beyond the bars, but a facsimile of it came with no suffering at all.
Danica McKellar|Versatility of education can be found in our best poetry, but the depth of mankind should be found in the philosopher.
Tamara Ireland Stone, Time Between Us|He went out with a variety of women, slept with some of them, hated the whole meaningless process. Drinks, dinners, plays and concerts and gallery openings ... He grew to despise the rigid formality of dating, missed the easy familiarity of simply being with someone, sharing friendly silences and unforced laughter.
Dianne Feinstein|In the area we're discussing, leadership begins on Madison Avenue, on the desks and in the offices of people who spend hundreds of millions of dollars buying what will get them ratings.
Rebecca Ferguson|It's sad really, I think 'Freedom' would've done better, but it got shelved because of the pregnancy, so it might be something that might get revisited in the future; who knows?
Marcel Theroux, Far North|...the years have taught me not to wonder too much at the dark things men do. Strange how it is that men never act crueller than when they're fighting for the sake of an idea. We've been killing since Cain over who stands closer to god. It seems to me that cruelty is just in the way of things. You drive yourself mad if you take it all personal. Those who hurt you don't have the power over you they would like. That's why they do what they do. And I'm not going to give them the power now. But it was a cruel thing that they did, and when they had finished hurting me, a splinter of loneliness seemed to break off and stay inside me forever.
Holly Hood, Ink|I overheard Nona talking about my little buds and how she remembered back when she was developing into a woman, and that was enough for me.
Gerard Way|Those guys who want to have the Mohawk...which, to me, is the new business casual.
Eric Mrozek, Destruction|If a cavalcade of organized killing has nothing to teach us, I don’t know what does.
Linda Howard, Drop Dead Gorgeous|Is it time for your period, or something?" He turned around, all controlled aggression, and damned if he didn't push the button again. "What is it about having a period that makes women so bitchy?"" By the time the sentence ended the sweetness was long gone, my jaw was clenched, and I think my eyes were bugging out. Wyatt took a step back, belatedly looking alarmed.
Simone Elkeles, Chain Reaction|I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be a dickhead. Well, I did.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|Poetry and visions, springing as they do from an ever-present sense of mortality, might easily appear morbid to the sturdycommon sense of a burgher-class in the making.
Rob McClure|The key to sauces is having patience. I'm not a patient woman, but I learned with sauces that you have to get everything on a slow roll and layer the flavors. That's where you get robust tastes: it starts one way and ends another.
Parker J. Palmer|Civic duty? Perhaps it would be a little naive to try to coerce me into voting. I assure you my basic standards of healthy living are very different from yours, which is the reason I do not vote. You should note that, as nonsensical a scenario, if forced to choose I would most definitely rather live in a failing, Christ-honoring, God-fearing nation than a flourishing one that mocks said Creator. Beware of my personal ambitions.
Euginia Herlihy| LIFE ON ITS EDGE''What the title reflects?It says about life's edge''Edge, where life has nothing,nothing to achieve.But wait is there,that it will gonna over in this believe''No power, no strength but there's just weakness,All attempts get fail and everything goes mess.''Power gets off even needed speckles for eye sight.No teeth are there, taste of buds even goes light''Shivering body, noddy head and even shivering hands,Preparing to settle at new but unknown land''No sound, silent life, people behave them rude,Hey youngsters, their lives are on edge and To be Continued! '-Samar Sudha
Duane Chapman|I would hope to get together with the Latino community, if I could ever have them talk to me without screaming and threatening me. So I hope to get together with the community and try to explain what we do, so that's going to be one of my missions coming up.
Alan Stolberg|The history of sea power is largely, though by no means solely, a narrative of contests between nations, of mutual rivalries, of violence frequently culminating in war. The profound influence of sea commerce upon the wealth and strength of countries was clearly seen long before the true principles which governed its growth and prosperity were detected. To secure to one's own people a disproportionate share of such benefits, every effort was made to exclude others, either by the peaceful legislative methods of monopoly or prohibitory regulations, or, when these failed, by direct violence. The clash of interests, the angry feelings roused by conflicting attempts thus to appropriate the larger share, if not the whole, of the advantages of commerce, and of distant unsettled commercial regions, led to wars. On the other hand, wars arising from other causes have been greatly modified in their conduct and issue by the control of the sea. Therefore the history of sea power, while embracing in its broad sweep all that tends to make a people great upon the sea or by the sea, is largely a military history...
Anonymous|My thoughts are like butterflies. They are beautiful, but they fly away.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If you are happy for a day, a thousand people notice it, but when you are sad for years, everyone just walks away.
Jean Ferris, Twice Upon a Marigold|You may not feel outstandingly robust, but if you are an average-sized adult you will contain within your modest frame no less than 7 X 10^18 joules of potential energy—enough to explode with the force of thirty very large hydrogen bombs, assuming you knew how to liberate it and really wished to make a point.
David Brion Davis, Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World|Some Southerners effectively applied slave labor to the cultivation of corn, grain, and hemp (for making rope and twine), to mining and lumbering, to building canals and railroads, and even to the manufacture of textiles, iron, and other industrial products. Nevertheless, no other American region contained so many white farmers who merely subsisted on their own produce. The “typical” white Southerner was not a slaveholding planter but a small farmer who tried, often without success, to achieve both relative self-sufficiency and a steady income from marketable cash crops.
Donald Sadoway|When I was 10 years old, a cousin of mine took me on a tour of his medical school. And as a special treat, he took me to the pathology lab and took a real human brain out of the jar and placed it in my hands. And there it was, the seat of human consciousness, the powerhouse of the human body, sitting in my hands.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|If you tell me the truth, the truth I’ll proclaim.If you tell me a lie, you’ll be fair game.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|Is there anything more plausible than a second hand? And yet it takes only the smallest pleasure or pain to teach us time's malleability. Some emotions speed it up, others slow it down; occasionally, it seems to go missing--until the eventual point when it really does go missing, never to return.
Kirtida Gautam|If I wanted you to understand, I would have explained it better ~ Aarush Kashyap
Madeleine L'Engle|The story comes, and it is pure story. That's all I set out to write. But I don't believe that we can write any kind of story without including, whether we intend to or not, our response to the world around us.
Farshad Asl|Even the good guys,' she said, 'can't win all the time.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you patiently examine the beautiful skin of the leopard after it’s hard day's search for the meat it enjoys, you shall not only see the sweat that went into its search for the meat, but you shall also realize the scent of the sweat beneath the beautiful skin.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In my pursuit of historical ecology, I find the pleasure of reading history.
Wallace Stegner, On Teaching and Writing Fiction|There is an underlying rhythm to all text. Sentences crashing fall like the waves of the sea, and work unconsciously on the reader. Punctuation is the music of language. As a conductor can influence the experience of the song by manipulating its rhythm, so can punctuation influence the reading experience, bring out the best (or worst) in a text. By controlling the speed of a text, punctuation dictates how it should be read. A delicate world of punctuation lives just beneath the surface of your work, like a world of microorganisms living in a pond. They are missed by the naked eye, but if you use a microscope you will find a exist, and that the pond is, in fact, teeming with life. This book will teach you to become sensitive to this habitat. The more you do, the greater the likelihood of your crafting a finer work in every respect. Conversely the more you turn a blind eye, the greater the likelihood of your creating a cacophonous text and of your being misread.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|It's like the Negro in America seeing the white man win all the time.He's a professional gambler; he has all the cards and the odds stacked on his side, and he has always dealt to our people from the bottom of the deck.
Steven Johnson|The United Nations has a critical role to play in promoting stability, security, democracy, human rights, and economic development. The UN is as relevant today as at any time in its history, but it needs reform.
Munia Khan|The moon’s weird though, right? It’s there, and there, and then suddenly it’s not. And it seems to be pretty far up. Is it watching us? If not, what is it watching instead? Is there something more interesting than us? Hey, watch us moon! We may not always be the best show in the universe, but we try.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|It is one of the poignant anxieties of the thinker that he sees the shadow resting on the human soul, and that he gropes in darkness without being able to awaken that slumbering Progress.
Bob Marley|I don't stand for black man's side, I don't stand for white man's side, I stand for God's side.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|But people are not butterflies, right.People are, well, more important than butterflies.We have opposable thumbs, hello.You can't possibly compare the sanctity of a human's life with that of a butterfly. In our culture you can and, indeed, must quantify sanctity, and butterflies have less than people. 
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|America's intellectual community has never been very bright. Or honest. They're all sheep, following whatever the intellectual fashion of the decade happens to be. Demanding that everyone follow their dicta in lockstep. Everyone has to be open-minded and tolerant of the things they believe, but God forbid they should ever concede, even for a moment, that someone who disagrees with them might have some fingerhold of truth.
Swapna Rajput|When I see my future, I see you...
Petina Gappah, An Elegy for Easterly: Stories|Later, as she drove the children to school, she thought how worn the grooves were along which they moved their quarrels. She could feel herself saying all the clichéd phrases of a thousand injured women before her, but she could never stop herself. - ‘The Negotiated Settlement
G.R. Reader, Off-Topic: The Story of an Internet Revolt|It made me sad when I caught myself pretending that everybody out there in cyberspace cared about what I thought, when really nobody gives a shit. And when I multiplied that sad feeling by all the millions of people in their lonely little rooms, furiously writing and posting to their lonely little pages that nobody has time to read because they’re all so busy writing and posting, it kind of broke my heart.
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|A life isn't measured in hours and minutes. It's the quality, not the length.
|Even though that God didn't bring you on earth to turn you into a failure, He still expects you to always do your best before He can do the rest for you.
Sarah Morgan, Sleepless in Manhattan|You plan every step of your life, but sometimes you have to let life happen. Change is always unsettling, sometimes scary, but you have to let go. Take a risk. Risk can be fun.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell; mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.
Ron  Parsons, The Sense of Touch|The water glittered under the moon’s careful watch, and, in the distance, steeples cut stark black silhouettes into the landscape of the distant city.
Cora Carmack, All Broke Down|Everything in the world might be connected, but that doesn't mean the way we feel about them has to be.
Naomi Novik, Uprooted|I grabbed back at him just as incautiously with my hand and my magic both, even as he pressed magic on me from his side as well. His breath huffed out sharply, and our workings caught on one another, magic gushing into them.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|His voice, the very sound of rolling eyes.
Sarah Moriarty, North Haven|The four of them stand in the cockpit of the Misdemeanor as they motor from one town to another. They pass their house, which is not theirs any longer. Libby cuts the throttle, and they stall there in front of their sprawling memory. The four of them have come up for the closing; since all of them are owners, they all must be present to sign away this place. They have given most of the land to the Maine Preservation Society, and the house, they have sold to a family who promises not to tear the whole thing down, though they know that is a lie. The oak is yellow and peeks from behind the house. The glossy white windows of the great room look down upon them. It is cold and they all wear their foul-weather gear, bright-yellow slickers, except Gwen, in a red poncho to accommodate the swell of her belly. Libby keeps one hand on the tiller and the other she slips into Tom’s hand. He gives it a squeeze and then puts his arm around her. Danny moves from the stern to stand between Tom and Gwen. They all stand on the starboard side looking at the house. Libby and Tom, then Danny, his hand resting on his brother’s shoulder, and Gwen next to him, her arms crossed over her protruding belly, her hair long and dark hanging down her back. She is no longer a beacon, but a buoy in her poncho, red right returning. The sky is gray and low and promises a choppy ferry ride to the mainland, but there in the safe haven of the harbor it is calm and windless, and the house isn’t empty, but expectant. The flat water, dark green now, lies empty, the float pulled out the month before. Going from town dock to town dock, there is no need for a tender. There is no way for them to come ashore, even if they wanted to. A house like this is not supposed to exist now. It comes from another era. It is a ghost, like the schooners that sail through the thoroughfare every summer. It is an aberration, a figment. It is their great shingled memory.
Tyrean Martinson, A JUMBLE OF 500+ WRITING PROMPTS: More than 500 Writing Prompts|In the last analysis, most of our difficulties come from losing contact with our instincts, with the age-old forgotten wisdom stored up in us.
Marlee Matlin|I would sum up my fear about the future in one word: boring. And that's my one fear: that everything has happened; nothing exciting or new or interesting is ever going to happen again... the future is just going to be a vast, conforming suburb of the soul.
David Klass, You Don't Know Me|He lifted a hand to her face, running a fingertip across her cheekbone and down to her mouth. It lingered for a moment before he dropped his hand to his side. "I'll be here.
Pamela Clare, Surrender|Before the war, a white man named Jonathan Edwards came to Stockbridge to teach my people about sin, but I doubt very much he could see sin in this. You defended yourself against a man who would otherwise have killed you and your friends. Perhaps you feel no regret because your spirit knows you did what was right.
Tom Robbins|Those fields of daisies we landed on, and dusty fields and desert stretches. Memories of many skies and earths beneath us - many days, many nights of stars.
Paul A. Myers, A Farewell in Paris|Night came on, the lamps were lighted, the tables near him found occupants, and Paris began to wear that peculiar evening look of hers which seems to say, in the flare of windows and theatre-doors, and the muffled rumble of swift-rolling carriages, that this is no world for you unless you have your pockets lined and your scruples drugged.
Alethea Kontis, Enchanted|...my father, [was] a mid-level phonecompany manager who treated my mother at best like an incompetent employee. At worst? He never beat her, but his pure, inarticulate fury would fill the house for days, weeks, at a time, making the air humid, hard to breathe, my father stalking around with his lower jaw jutting out, giving him the look of a wounded, vengeful boxer, grinding his teeth so loud you could hear it across the room ... I'm sure he told himself: 'I never hit her'. I'm sure because of this technicality he never saw himself as an abuser. But he turned our family life into an endless road trip with bad directions and a rage-clenched driver, a vacation that never got a chance to be fun.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Besides, if it was the wrong choice, what difference was one more bad decision going to make?
Barbara Avon, STATIC|What I know about love, I can write on the head of a matchstick.
Jaeda DeWalt| 'And so we exchange privacy for intimacy. We gamble with it, hoping that by exposing ourselves, someone will find a way in. This is why the human animal will always be vulnerable: because it wants to be.' 
Sharon Biggs Waller, A Mad, Wicked Folly|It is difficult to exaggerate the adverse influence of the precepts and practices of religion upon the status and happiness of woman. Owing to the fact that upon women devolves the burden of motherhood, with all its accompanying disabilities, they always have been, and always must be, at a natural disadvantage in the struggle of life as compared with men....With certain exceptions, women all the world over have been relegated to a position of inferiority in the community, greater or less according to the religion and the social organisation of the people; the more religious the people the lower the status of the women...
C.G. Jung, The Undiscovered Self|The mass State has no intention of promoting mutual understanding and the relationship of man to man; it strives, rather, for atomization, for the psychic isolation of the individual.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|One day a wolf bit a man and the man caught it. Magic or science, it's all the same. The only thing magical about it is that we can't explain it." ~Sam
Johan Hakelius|When will people learn? Democracy doesn't work!" (Homer Simpson)
Gregg Braden|To create reality, focus beyond the outcome, as if it has already happened.
Rachael Bermingham|Life, is energy. It is the energy that makes your heart beat and makes you breathe, that causes the cells of your body to automatically grow and reproduce the moment you are conceived!
Erik Pevernagie|When we feel lost in time, with only shadows of the past living in our mind; when the moment, which “was", no longer "is” and when only silence remains, loads of questions arise. We can cry a river or we may wonder: “What went wrong?
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|Within each of us there is an Owl, a Rabbit, an Eeyore, and a Pooh. For too long, we have chosen the way of Owl and Rabbit. Now, like Eeyore, we complain about the results. But that accomplishes nothing. If we are smart, we will choose the way of Pooh. As if from far away, it calls to us with the voice of a child's mind. It may be hard to hear at times, but it is important just the same, because without it, we will never find our way through the forest.
Darren Shan, A Living Nightmare|The thing about real life is, when you do something stupid, it normally costs you. In books the heroes can make as many mistakes as they like. It doesn't matter what they do, because everything works out in the end. They'll beat the bad guys and put things right and everything ends up cool.In real life, vacuum cleaners kill spiders. If you cross a busy road without looking, you get whacked by a car. If you fall from a tree, you break some bones. Real life's nasty. It's cruel. It doesn't care about heroes and happy endings and the way things should be. In real life, bad things happen. People die. Fights are lost. Evil often wins.  I just wanted to make that clear before I begun.
Jimmy Johnson|I think there's no higher calling in terms of a career than public service, which is a chance to make a difference in people's lives and improve the world.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|Squatting on old bones and excrement and rusty iron, in a white blaze of heat, a panorama of naked idiots stretches to the horizon. Complete silence - their speech centres are destroyed - except for the crackle of sparks and the popping of singed flesh as they apply electrodes up and down the spine. White smoke of burning flesh hangs in the motionless air. A group of children have tied an idiot to a post with barbed wire and built a fire between his legs and stand watching with bestial curiosity as the flames lick his thighs. His flesh jerks in the fire with insect agony.
Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret|Regarding vengeance and arch-enemies, one must not only be timely but prideful, and pride exacts propriety.
Conor McGregor|Inspiration is one thing and you can't control it, but hard work is what keeps the ship moving. Good luck means, work hard. Keep up the good work.
Sunday Adelaja|Success will bring recognition, money and all other pleasures of life
Günter Grass, Peeling the Onion|Memory likes to play hide-and-seek, to crawl away. It tends to hold forth, to dress up, often needlessly. Memory contradicts itself; pedant that it is, it will have its way.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|Always be true to your friends, just as you are to yourself.
Susan Scott, Fierce Leadership: A Bold Alternative to the Worst "Best" Practices of Business Today|Listen. In every office you hear the threads of love and joy and fear and guilt, the cries for celebration and reassurance, and somehow you know that connecting those threads is what you are supposed to do and business takes care of itself.
Ann Wroe, Orpheus: The Song of Life|I think that for humans, the most regrettable of omissions, along with unshed tears and unexamined lives, is untold stories, the things not shared, the lost opportunity to be honest about oneself and tender toward others.
Gini Koch, Alien in the House|Oh, good. Okay, I'd like to get more sleep before I have to figure out how we find a Sith Lord in Washington.
Michael Jackson|I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.
John Fowles, The Collector|He's the navigator, he could probably find you a route to Hawaii underwater.
Sophocles, The Complete Greek Tragedies|The ring which you are holding, my friend, is identical to that one. I had it cut according to the model of the king's ring, and damascened in Spain. The original is still in the Escorial; it would have been pleasant to steal it, for I easily acquire the instincts of a thief when I am in a museum, and I always find objects which have a history - especially a tragic history - uniquely attractive. I am not an Englishman for nothing - but that which is easily enough accomplished in France is not at all practical in Spain: the museums there are very secure.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|I watched him rise from the coffin, with slow, elegant gestures; our gestures, for we are the only beings who routinely rise from coffins.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Author branding is the process of positioning an author as the center of attraction and influence, to be the preferred choice in a given theme, style, category, niche or genre
Ahmed Mostafa|You're like a band-aid that is slowly ripping off, and I'm still wounded!
Henry Rollins|I don't mind The Boss. I think he's an honest guy. I have some of his records, not all of them. I've met a couple of the E-Street guys, and they seem really cool.
R. Joseph Hoffmann|No attempt should be made to "reconcile" Yahweh's hardening of Pharaoh's heart (plagues 6,8,9,10) with statements in the other plagues that Pharaoh hardened his own heart.The tension cannot be resolved in a facile manner by suggesting, for example, that Pharaoh has already demonstrated his recalcitrance, so Yahweh merely helps the process along, or that he is doing what Pharaoh would have done on his own anyway. Rather, 9:12 is a striking reminder of what God has been trying to teach Moses and Israel since the beginning of the Exodus episode: He is in complete control. However Pharaoh might have reacted is given the chance is not brought into the discussion. He is not even given that chance. Yahweh hardens his heart. It is best to allow the tension of the text to remain.
C.S. Lewis|You must make your choice: either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon; or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God. But let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.
Michael DeLong, A General Speaks Out: The Truth About the Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq|The last two days I’ve been on long bus rides, driven through the countryside on the back of a motorbike, and crossed rivers on wooden boats, traversing currents into a different century. It’s late and dark, but I’m so close now. My uncle died five kilometers from here.
Greg Grandin|I've never dealt with the Russian government, I've never had a relationship with the Russian government.
Núria Añó|She could just pack up and leave, but she does not visualize what's beyond ahead.
Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson|Plus je vois le homes, plus j’admire les chiens” (The more I see of men, the more I admire dogs).
Mark Haddon, A Spot of Bother|And thus it passed on from Candlemass until after Easter, that the month of May was come, when every lusty heart beginneth to blossom, and to bring forth fruit; for like as herbs and trees bring forth fruit and flourish in May, in like wise every lusty heart that is in any manner a lover, springeth and flourisheth in lusty deeds. For it giveth unto all lovers courage, that lusty month of May, in something to constrain him to some manner of thing more in that month than in any other month, for divers causes. For then all herbs and trees renew a man and woman, and likewise lovers call again to their mind old gentleness and old service, and many kind deeds that were forgotten by negligence. For like as winter rasure doth alway arase and deface green summer, so fareth it by unstable love in man and woman. For in many persons there is no stability; for we may see all day, for a little blast of winter's rasure, anon we shall deface and lay apart true love for little or nought, that cost much thing; this is no wisdom nor stability, but it is feebleness of nature and great disworship, whosomever useth this. Therefore, like as May month flowereth and flourisheth in many gardens, so in like wise let every man of worship flourish his heart in this world, first unto God, and next unto the joy of them that he promised his faith unto; for there was never worshipful man or worshipful woman, but they loved one better than another; and worship in arms may never be foiled, but first reserve the honour to God, and secondly the quarrel must come of thy lady: and such love I call virtuous love.But nowadays men can not love seven night but they must have all their desires: that love may not endure by reason; for where they be soon accorded and hasty heat, soon it cooleth. Right so fareth love nowadays, soon hot soon cold: this is no stability. But the old love was not so; men and women could love together seven years, and no licours lusts were between them, and then was love, truth, and faithfulness: and lo, in like wise was used love in King Arthur's days. Wherefore I liken love nowadays unto summer and winter; for like as the one is hot and the other cold, so fareth love nowadays; therefore all ye that be lovers call unto your remembrance the month of May, like as did Queen Guenever, for whom I make here a little mention, that while she lived she was a true lover, and therefore she had a good end.
Rae Elle, Chained|Have you always been so refined? Your attitude and that mouth.” He sucked air through his teeth and grimaced. “Do you kiss your Mother with it?”I answered like the smart ass he knew I was. “I did before she died. Of course, my mouth was clean back then. It took years of trial and error to blossom into the fine outstanding young woman you see before you today.
Michael Connelly, Nine Dragons|All his life Harry Bosch believed he had a mission. And to carry out that mission he needed to be bulletproof. He needed to build himself and his life so that he was invulnerable, so that nothing and no one could ever get to him. All of that changed on the day he was introduced to the daughter he didn’t know he had. In that moment he knew he was both saved and lost. He would be forever connected to the world in the way only a father knew.- "Nine Dragons" by Michael Connelly
Chad Almadani|To understand the world is never a matter of simply recording our immediate perceptions. Understanding inescapably involves reasoning.We have to 'read' what we feel and seem to see, and ask what those perceptions indicate and how we may take them into account without being overwhelmed by them. One issue relates to the reliability of our feelings and impressions. A sense of injustice could serve as a signal that moves us, but a signal does demand critical examination, and there has to be some scrutiny of the soundness of aconclusion based mainly on signals...We also have to ask what kinds of reasoning should count in the assessment of ethical and political concepts such as justice and injustice.
Chester Brown, Paying for It|Feminists have accepted that choice is possible when it comes to a different, difficult subject: abortion. The feminist position (and I agree with it) is that women own their bodies and therefore each woman has the right to choose to get an abortion if she gets pregnant. This is called being "pro-choice". Feminists should be consistent on the subject of choice. If a woman has the right to choose to have an abortion, she should also have the right to choose to have sex for money. It's her body; it's her right.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The aim was to regulate the value of money by increasing or diminishing the quantity of it. The effects of these measures appeared to provide an inductive proof of the correctness of this superficial version of the Quantity Theory, and incidentally concealed the weaknesses of its logic.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Think of strength, dream of strength, live of strength.
Oscar Bimpong|If you are playing the rigged game of investing, the house always wins.
Samuel L. Jackson|Madam President, speaking here in Dublin Castle it is impossible to ignore the weight of history, as it was yesterday when you and I laid wreaths at the Garden of Remembrance.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Old Barley might be as old as thee hills, and might swear like a whole field of troopers, but there were redeeming youth and trust and hope enough in Chinks's Basin to fill it to overflowing.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|My first semester I had only nine students. Hoping they might view me as professional and well prepared, I arrived bearing name tags fashioned in the shape of maple leaves.
Manoj Kudemelly|The sky is not the limit, it's the starting point.
Henna Sohail|See the world through the eyes of your inner child.The eyes that sparkle in awe and amazement as they see love, magic and mystery in the most ordinary things.
Diane Sawyer|I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|She was a terrible mother, there was no doubt about it, but she didn't even have the strength to feel guilty.
Gontran De Poncins, Kabloona|Don't wait for things to happen by luck, cause its an uncertain thing anyway.
Mihir S. Sharma|So long as there are forces of other countries in a place where they have no right to be, irrespective of our rights." (said this to the countries supporting Pakistan's aggression on Kashmir)
Mark Udall|I have a B.S. in Biology from MIT, an M.Sc. in Human Biology and a Ph.D. in Biological Anthropology from Oxford University, and an M.D. from Harvard Medical School. I never intended for so many degrees, but I enjoyed getting them all.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Because we have for millenia made moral, aesthetic, religious demands on the world, looked upon it with blind desire, passion or fear, and abandoned ourselves to the bad habits of illogical thinking, this world has gradually become so marvelously variegated, frightful, meaningful, soulful, it has acquired color - but we have been the colorists: it is the human intellect that has made appearances appear and transported its erroneous basic conceptions into things.
Runa Magnus|Life is not about what happened yesterday nor what will happen tomorrow,it's about this particular moment!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|A writer is never alone, he is always with himself
Alexander Pope, The Prose Works of Alexander Pope|Use your mind to think about things, rather than think of them. You want to be adding value as you think about projects and people, not simply reminding yourself they exist.
Deborah Bray Haddock, The Dissociative Identity Disorder Sourcebook|Trauma, if it doesn't destroy us, wakes us up both to our own relational capacities and to the suffering of others. Not only does it makes us hurt, it makes us more human, caring, and wise.
Ryōkan|In this world of dreams, drifting off still more; and once again speaking and dreaming of dreams. Just let it be.
Bryan Stevenson|We have a choice. We can embrace our humanness, which means embracing our broken natures and the compassion that remains our best hope for healing. Or we can deny our brokenness, forswear compassion, and, as a result, deny our own humanity.
Suzanne Johnson|Every single aspect of what we do at work comes down to people and managing people, selling to people, working with people or making them do what you want them to do.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|For the human experience, life in the natural world seems to require the application of meaning, in order to evoke purpose.
Anthony T Hinkcs|You are the most sensual person I know; the goddess of my dreams; the gold at the end of the rainbow; the topping on my ice cream and the best thing that has ever happened to me.And when I wake up in the morning and still find you there next to me, I know that I am living my dream.
Lord Byron|As a child, I was this record collector/listener that would sit in a room and listen to the entire Beatles catalog alone, over and over and over again.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|If you were looking aside and mentally adding up the hours until the execution of a young killer, all that registered was something dark flashing by. But if you happened to be gazing directly at the window in question and you happened as well to be feeling unprecedentedly calm, four-tenths of a second was more than enough time to identify the falling object as your husband of forty-seven years.
Patti Roberts, Progeny of Innocence|I would spar with the boys at school. This guy I had a crush on, we called him Spitfire -- I gave him a bloody nose and lip, so needless to say the romance did not work out!
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|What's your one thing? When you pause long enough to hear its heartbeat, your one thing will take your breath away. When you pause long enough to feel it, your eyes will tear up or you won't be able to stop smiling, dancing and having a blast!
Cindi Madsen, Resisting the Hero|Alone, we're us: an innocent secret made of bad habits spread across his bed.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Imagine having a mother who worries that you read too much. The question is, what is it that's supposed to happen to people who read too much? How can you tell when someone's crossed the line.
Alin Sav|If you want more influence, love more people.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You can’t crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them. By refusing to think, refusing to change.
Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness|Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! You aren’t a child anymore. The sooner you set yourself to your spiritual program, the happier you will be. The longer you wait, the more you’ll be vulnerable to mediocrity and feel filled with shame and regret, because you know you are capable of better. From this instant on, vow to stop disappointing yourself. Separate yourself from the mob. Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There's a bunch od huge churchs clustered together, trying to blend in with all the family-themed restaurants, because salvation is as easy as chicken wings, I guess.
Lucy Robinson, The Greatest Love Story of All Time|Faster's always better, but you have to mind those curves. They're wicked. They can kill a man in a heartbeat.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|When people ask me about the definition of a copywriter, I say, "If I become a good copywriter, I will have the ability to bring nonliving people to life.
Mary Oliver, New and Selected Poems, Vol. 1|I stood like Adam in his lonely gardenOn that first morning, shaken out of sleep,Rubbing his eyes, listening, parting the leaves,Like tissue on some vast, incredible gift.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Oh my God, Green,” I heard Chubs say from somewhere in the room. “Just take the damn socksand put the kid out of his misery.
Angelina Grimke|Any other illness, any other disease that we're faced with, there's sympathy and understanding. We get help for those. With mental illness, our go-to is to categorize them as, 'Oh, they're crazy,' to belittle the problem.
J.K. Rowling|He accused me of being Dumbledore's man through and through.""How very rude of him.""I told him I was."Dumbledore opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again. Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, soft, musical cry. To Harry's intense embarrassment, he suddenly realized that Dumbledore's bright blue eyes looked rather watery, and stared hastily at his own knee. When Dumbledore spoke, however, his voice was quite steady. "I am very touched, Harry.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|Fuck the epistemic modality; this is alethic modality we’re talking now, not factuality but possibility.
Marilyn French, The Women's Room|...she knew right away she was entering a new world. One she had never witnessed or played a part in, but from first glance she knew her world and definition on sex was about to change—here at Club Pain, sex and erotica were redefined with BDSM.
Roger Zelazny, The Guns of Avalon|Indifference to me, is the epitome of all evil.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|He's gaining on us," the Turk said. "That is also inconceivable," the Sicilian said. "Before I stole this boat we're in, I made many inquiries as to what was the fastest ship on all of Florin Channel and everyone agreed it was this one." "You're right," the Turk agreed, staring back. "He isn't gaining on us. He's just getting closer, that's all.
Shannon L. Alder|It is not lies or a lack of loyalty that ends a relationship. It is the agonizing truth that one person feels in their heart on a daily basis. It is realizing that you are coping and not living. It is the false belief that there is a verse, quote, phrase or talk that will magically make you feel content, complete or not care. However, it doesn’t last longer than a few days, before your mind and heart goes back to what it wants. It is the moment you realize that you left without ever leaving. It is the moment you realize that fear, shame or guilt is the only thing standing in the way of the life God meant for you to live.
Finn Mackay|Feminism is a movement for change, not a changing of the guard.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Take one step towards excellence,and success will take ten towards you.Take ten steps towards excellence,and success will take a hundred towards you.Take a hundred steps towards excellence,and success will take a thousand towards you.
Robert  Herrick|Gather ye rose-buds while ye may,Old Time is still a-flying;And this same flower that smiles today,	Tomorrow will be dying.
Anonymous|Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace and power in it.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|Word spread because word will spread. Stories and secrets fight, stories win, shed new secrets, which new stories fight, and on.
Mark Twain|You may say what you want to, but in my opinion she had more sand in her than any girl I ever see; in my opinion she was just full of sand.
Voltaire|If God did not exist, He would have to be invented. But all nature cries aloud that he does exist: that there is a supreme intelligence, an immense power, an admirable order, and everything teaches us our own dependence on it.
John Hersey|Wanted, a man who will not lose his individuality in a crowd, a man who has the courage of his convictions, who is not afraid to say "No," though all the world say "Yes.
Swami Vivekananda, Raja-Yoga|Was there ever a more horrible blasphemy than the statement that all the knowledge of God is confined to this or that book? How dare men call God infinite, and yet try to compress Him within the covers of a little book!
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|We must be willing to encounter darkness and despair when they come up and face them, over and over again if need be, without running away or numbing ourselves in the thousands of ways we conjure up to avoid the unavoidable.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love, faith and hope can cure any ill-health.
Sara Zarr, Sweethearts|And I don't just mean that they change you. A lot of people can change you—the first kid who called you a name, the first teacher who said you were smart, the first person who crowned you best friend. It's the change you remember, the firsts and what they meant, not really the people.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|Depression is a serious problem, but drugs are not the answer. In the long run, psychotherapy is both cheaper and more effective, even for very serious levels of depression. Physical exercise and self-help books based on CBT can also be useful, either alone or in combination with therapy. Reducing social and economic inequality would also reduce the incidence of depression.
Dean Buonomano, Your Brain is a Time Machine: The Neuroscience and Physics of Time|Neuroscientists rarely have to grapple with the issue of presentism versus existentialism. But in practice, neuroscientists are implicitly presentists. They view the past, present, and future as fundamentally distinct, as the brain makes decisions in the present, based on the memories of the past, to enhance our well being in the future. But despite its intuitive appeal, presentism is the underdog theory in physics and philosophy.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|By constant practices, deliberate repetitions and uninterrupted exercises, leaders go from zero to hero. They don't quit.
Sheryl Lee Ralph|As an educator myself, I understand the profound effect that good teachers and a quality education have on the lives of our young people.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Detachment is not the absence of emotion, it is the process of becoming one with the Oneness that is the Universe. To be detached, is to realize that the fullness of all there is, is too much to react to with just one emotion, one thought, or any bias. To be detached, is to acknowledge all, without owning any of it. To be detached, is to summon forth the whole entirety of understanding, to the fragment that is the void.
Meik Wiking, The Little Book of Hygge: The Danish Way to Live Well|But one of the main reasons why Denmark does so well in international happiness surveys is the welfare state, as it reduces uncertainty, worries and stress in the population. You can say that Denmark is the happiest country in the world or you can say that Denmark is the least unhappy country in the world. The welfare state is really good (not perfect, but good) at reducing extreme unhappiness. Universal and free health care, free university education and relatively generous unemployment benefits go a long way towards reducing unhappiness.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|If only I had some grease I could fix some kind of a light," Ma considered. "We didn't lack for light when I was a girl before this newfangled kerosene was ever heard of.""That's so," said Pa. "These times are too progressive. Everything has changed too fast. Railroads and telegraph and kerosene and coal stoves--they're good things to have, but the trouble is, folks get to depend on 'em.
Heather Killough-Walden|They say you can't stop time, that it is a constant and waits for no one. The're wrong. Time slows when you want it to speed up. It goes too Fast when you're having fun. And it stops. It stops dead in its tracks, when the unthinkable occurs. Time is not neutral, it makes no sence, and it bears no logic. It has nothing to do with nature or fairness or physics. Time is cruel. And its as simple as that.
Bryan M. Litfin, The Sword|Needs multiply as they are met. Woe to the man who would live a disentangled life. Be on guard, my soul, of complicating your environment so that you have neither time nor room for growth!
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|Caleb reached up and slid the tie out of her hair to let it fall free. “You were crazy to do it. But I love you because you’re wild and fearless, not in spite of it, and I know the price.”He sensed her cringe against him. “Which is?”“At random and unexpected times, you terrify the life out of me.
Steven Cuoco|Be honest about who you are, and you will understand the reasons for the people you keep in your life.
Sunday Adelaja|All true tea lovers not only like their tea strong, but like it a little stronger with each year that passes — a fact which is recognized in the extra ration issued to old-age pensioners.
Debasish Mridha|Oh the beauty of nature! Oh the magical heart touching flower.My heart wants to bloom like you with love, joy, and laughter.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|Many guilty consciences have been created by the slave trade. Europeans know that they carried on the slave trade, and Africans are aware that the trade would have been impossible if certain Africans did not cooperate with slave ships. To ease their guilty consciences, Europeans try to throw the major responsibility for the slave trade on to the Africans. One major author on the slave trade (appropriately titled Sins of Our Fathers) explained how many white people urged him to state that the trade was the responsibility of African chiefs, and that Europeans merely turned up to buy captives- as though without European demand there would have been captives sitting on the beach by the millions! Issues such as those are not the principal concern of this study, but they can be correctly approached only after understanding that Europe became the center of a world-wide system and that it was European capitalism which set slavery and the Atlantic slave trade in motion. Pg. 82
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Blood has an oder faint but distinct, of conceit and modesty, of courage and cowardice, of charity and greed, of faith and doubt, in short the fragrance of what we might have been and the smell of what we are...
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|...until that moment I had not understood that this was a story about lonely people, about absence and loss, and that that was why I had taken refuge in it until it became confused with my own life, like someone who has escaped into the pages of a novel because those whom he needs to love seem nothing more than ghosts inhabiting the mind of a stranger.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|You are aliens and strangers in my sight, as were all your forefathers. You are of few days and full of trouble. You spring up like a flower and wither away; like a fleeting shadow, you do not endure. I raise the poor from the dust and lift the needy from the ash heap. I foil the plans of the nations; I thwart the purposes of the peoples.
Simone Weil, Waiting for God|When I think of the Crucifixion, I commit the sin of envy.
Robert Gately|If I’m lucky, I philosophize about life’s principles on worthwhile standards that meet the test of time. I say, if I’m lucky, because I could be born into a world where principles are drilled into me at an early age and the idea of thinking for myself is not an option. From 'Fillossofee: Messages from a Grandfather' by Robert Gately
Lailah Gifty Akita|(Excerpt from Psalm 20 reflection)A BlessingMay the Lord make himself real when you need Him mostMay the power of his name protect youMay he send help from his legions on earthAnd in the heavensMay he remember all your giftsAnd reward your offeringsMay he make your wildest dreams come true,Your plans successfulMay we shout with joy over your accomplishments,Singing praises to our GodMay God answer all your prayers
Carol Oates, Something Wicked|But I love him.""So love him.""But I miss him.""So miss him. Send him love and light every time you think about him, and then drop it.
Mac MacKenzie, Diary Of An Arts Farmer: Exploring the Intersection of Life, Faith, Art and Community|I may distance myself from God from time to time, wandering off in the ignorance of my self-absorbed preoccupations and attitudesBut God is never far off. Never distant. Never remote.He is close enough to hear the raw, unbridled "fuck" in my silent prayer of anguish.Close enough to feel the groaning angst and tension in my gut that oft threatens to rend me to pieces. Close enough to hear my heart slam itself in abandon against the walls of this temple of skin in holy desperation; clutching at the veil that dulls and distorts my vision. Close enough to catch me as I stumble in my blind and weary state yet again and again and again.Yes, He is close. She is never far off. God is my faithful friend and traveling companion, though I see Him not yet with these orbs of flesh.
Ellen G. White|Many have a vague idea that they must make some wonderful effort in order to gain the favor of God. But all self-dependence is vain. It is only by connecting with Jesus through faith that the sinner becomes a hopeful, believing child of God.
Janna Cachola|Rephrase the words "staff members" into team members. Because the people in our team are far more than employees, or colleagues. We are a unit!
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Black and white, vacuum of cosmos vis-à-vis occupancy of skies.
Marcus Samuelsson|I turned down twelve films last year... Huge money films, but I had no respect for the writer or the work.
P.D. James, The Murder Room|Unnatural death always provoked a peculiar unease, an uncomfortable realization that there were still some things that might not be susceptible to bureaucratic control.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Think of an untreated sex addict who spends hours every night until the early hours watching pornography on the internet instead of spending that time with their wife or husband, and then becomes so tired due to the late nights that their professional life suffers. The sex addict’s behaviour will cause resentment, destroy trust and create economic insecurities in the family and home.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|It is not possible that you will repent unless you are aware of your sin; it is not likely that you will look to Christ unless you first know what it is for which you are to look to him. Therefore, I pray you, set apart some season every day, or at least some season as often as you can get it, in which the business of your mind shall be to take your longitude and latitude, that you may know exactly where you are. You may be drifting towards the rocks, and you may be wrecked before you know your danger. I implore you, do not let your ship go at full steam through a fog; but slacken speed a bit, and heave the lead, to see whether you are in deep waters or shallow. I am not asking you to do more than any kind and wise man would advise you to do; do I even ask you more than your own conscience tells you is right? Sit alone a while, that you may carefully consider your case.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Whither thou goest, I will go;Where thou diest, will I dieAnd there will I be buried:The Angel do so to me, and more also,If aught but death part thee and me.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|If you use the term 'over-exaggerate,' you know the definition neither of 'exaggerate' nor of 'over.
Iris Blaire, Dark Frame|The paradox is that some of the most artistically valuable contemporary photographs are content with being photographs, are not under the same compulsion to pass themselves off - or pimp themselves out - as art. The simple truth is that the best exponents of the art of contemporary photography continue to produce work that fits broadly within the tradition of what Evans termed 'documentary style'.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|You do everything by the book, like everybody else, you get the same results s everybody else.
Stephanie Witter, Fix Up|Girls fell all over him. Guys bought him beers.... "Women eager to say they've been Zaned. You know there're T-shirts that say I've been ZANED.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|The very fact that it is necessary in the twenty-first century to explain why it's not okay to publicly debate whether or not women are "asking" for sexual assault is mind-boggling.
Nikki Rowe|Her soul was soothed by his presence, Her mind was soothed by his beliefsHer heart was soothed by his love And for the first time, she could see a future with someone who grabbed her by the hand and took her courageous being away from all that had her questioning life.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Colin "I'm just--I'm just a failure. what if this is it? -----andI never do anything significant and I'm just a complete waste?"Hassan sat up, with his hands on his knees. "See, this is why you need to believe in God.
Oliver Faurholt Nielsen|The perfection of yoga, therefore, does not terminate in voidness or impersonalism; on the contrary, the perfection of yoga is attained when one actually sees the Personality of Godhead in His eternal form.
Gerald Holton, Physics, the Human Adventure: From Copernicus to Einstein and Beyond|Heisenberg's uncertainty relation measures the amount by which the complementary descriptions of the electron, or other fundamental entities, overlap. Position is very much a particle property - particles can be located precisely. Waves, on the other hand, have no precise location, but they do have momentum. The more you know about the wave aspect of reality, the less you know about the particle, and vice versa. Experiments designed to detect particles always detect particles; experiments designed to detect waves always detect waves. No experiment shows the electron behaving like a wave and a particle at the same time.
Flannery O'Connor|My intellect is so limited, Lord, that I can only trust in You to preserve me as I should be.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Patience isn’t simply waiting, it is caring enough about the situation and those involved to remain calm and courteous throughout the wait.
Charles Kelley|Under the new government of the Constitution, beginning in 1789, all of the peacetime measures were repeated: chaplains, prayers, memorials of Thanksgiving, the Northwest Ordinance, funding for the Christian education of Indians.
J. J. Watt|Growing up, you'd see Michael Jordan on everything from Gatorade to shoes - everything. Obviously, that's something pretty cool for an athlete to aspire to.
Queen Elizabeth II|The United States is the world's best hope, but if you fetter her in the interests and quarrels of other nations, if you tangle her in the intrigues of Europe, you will destroy her power for good and endanger her very existence.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The boy could see in his father's gaze a desire to be able, himself, to travel the world—a desire that was still alive, despite his father's having had to bury it, over dozens of years, under the burden of struggling for water to drink, food to eat, and the same place to sleep every night of his life.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|It's beneficial to have a reputation for honesty, if only so that one can lie at crucial moments.
Debasish Mridha|To strengthen the power of love, love those who do not deserve.
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|Don’t make excuses; rather, find support and resources to make good things happen for yourself, your family, your businesses, your community, and the world you live in.
Vikram Seth|To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.
Simon Dunn|Danielle had never started a business. But if others can do it, so can I.
pattrice jones|Male dominance in society always means that out of public sight, in the private, ahistorical world of men with women, men are sexually dominating women.
B. Dave Walters|You have 100% control over yourself, and your life. It is up to you to stop giving your power away, and to decide what you want to be, do, or have...and go after it.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|When we treat people merely as they are, they will remain as they are. When we treat them as if they were what they should be, they will become what they should be.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Lachlan|She pushed his massive chest, which was as effective as if she pushed granite. "What are you made of, bloody stone?"	He chuckled, eyes full of mirth. "Sometimes.
Ignatius of Loyola|If God causes you to suffer much, it is a sign that He has great designs for you, and that He certainly intends to make you a saint. And if you wish to become a great saint, entreat Him yourself to give you much opportunity for suffering; for there is no wood better to kindle the fire of holy love than the wood of the cross, which Christ used for His own great sacrifice of boundless charity.
Elvis Presley, Elvis: Ultimate Gospel|When things go bad, don't go with them.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|I want to help you," Oliver said."Why?" Galen looked up at him. "Because of Petunia?" Oliver was relieved that the prince didn't seem to be skeptical about his conviction. He simply looked like he wanted to know, and so did Heinrich, when Oliver dared to look at the other prince. Oliver was very aware that Heinrich had known his father. Had known him better than Oliver had, in fact. "Because of her," Oliver said at last. "Even though I have only met her twice, really...I just...""I risked my life to save Rose after only speaking with her twice," Galen said with a small smile.
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|I didn't care about goals or expectations any more, I was just determined to race my heart out.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Not sure how you can get them to him without looking like a crazy stalker chick," Micah says."You think I'm a crazy stalker chick?""You're using an ancient war manual to try to win back your boyfriend. I think you're a girl who will do whatever it takes to get what she wants," he says. "Hey, at least you're committed.
Nova Ren Suma, The Walls Around Us|Abuse is a parasite that feeds off hate and shame, growing in size and strength with silence.
Sarina Bowen, Him|But, standing in the fading golden sunlight now, I can feel some of the scars of the summer stabbing over. I can feel the promise of a new beginning.
Mary Ellen Mark|You don't have to travel, but I find extended travel to be a helpful tool for reexamining yourself and the constraints you've artificially placed on your life. It's easy to believe everything has to be done one way if you're always in one place around the same people.
Brad Paisley, Hits Alive|She put him out like the burning end of a midnight cigarett. She broke his heart. He spent his whole life trying to forget. We watched him drink his pain away a little at a time. But he never could get drunk enough to get her off his mind until the night.He put that bottle to his head and pulled the trigger.And finally drank away her memory.Life is short but this time it was bigger,Than the strength he had to get up off his knees.We found him with his face down in the pillow.With a note that said: I love her til' I die.And when we buried him beneath the willow,The angels sang a whiskey lullaby.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.The rumors flew,But nobody knew how much she blamed herself for years and years.She tried to hide the whiskey on her breath.She finally drank her pain away a little at a time,But she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind until the night.She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger.And finally drank away his memory.Life is short but this time it was bigger,Than the strength she had to get up off her knees.We found her with her face down in the pillow.Clinging to his picture for dear life.We laid her next to him beneath the willow,While the angels sang a whiskey lullaby.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.La la la la la la la. La la la la la la la.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|The madness of depression is, generally speaking, the antithesis of violence. It is a storm indeed, but a storm of murk. Soon evident are the slowed-down responses, near paralysis, psychic energy throttled back close to zero. Ultimately, the body is affected and feels sapped, drained.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|do not only describe your situation, that event, that person, place or that thing. By describing, we limit our thoughts in pondering. We ought to prescribe. The sick describes his illness to the doctor and the doctor prescribes an antidote. We all do have stories to tell in life, we all do face challenges each day, and likewise we experience joyous moments; that is life. To espouse an unpopular cause, prescribe a great antidotes to every life occurrence from daybreak to sunset. Remember prefer prescribe to describe!
Whitney Barbetti, Ten Below Zero|You’re always on time, aren’t you?” I said flirtatiously as he arrived.“My darling lady, when it’s you … yes I am.” He opened the car door and as I was securely inside, I reached over to unlock his door on the spur of the moment. I thought I shouldn’t tell him I did not want him to feel rejected or abandoned tonight. Still, I couldn’t just postpone my education. Quickly, I hid my concern from his eyes. They were thirsting to read every thought from my mind that appeared on my face. At the dinner table, I did my best to cover my frustrations, holding normal activities Amillo and I did on dates, every once in a while shifting my eyes away to daze off in thought. -Emerald Eyes Of The Sea
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Without Ruth’s partnership and encouragement over the years, my own work would have been impossible. We were called by God as a team.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When nothing is done, nothing is won!
Jim Brown|A man with a silver spoon may get his share of supporters, but he can never be an inspiration for somebody! Patience and hard work are the key to every man's success.
John Irving, In One Person|It is hard to fight with one's heart's desires; whatever it wishes to get, it purchases at the cost of the soul.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It is not the chains of some tyrant that robs us of freedom. Rather, it is the staleness of our attitude.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|A man on a thousand mile walk has to forget his goal and say to himself every morning, 'Today I'm going to cover twenty-five miles and then rest up and sleep.
Colum McCann|Most people are optimists, although they may claim they are not. People who call themselves realists are often the biggest optimists of all.
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda, Drop It! Practical Guide to Self Enlightenment|Most people put off my mother's erratic behavior to the fact that she was a writer, as if that just explained everything. To me that was just an excuse. I mean, brain surgeons can be crazy too, but no one says that's all right. Fortunately for my mother, I am alone in this opinion.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Belief, hard work, love - you have those things, you can do anything.
Dorothy Allison, The Women's Room|What are you so angry about?" my mother had asked me the last time I had gone home to visit.Why aren't you more angry, I had wanted to ask her. But I couldn't talk to my mother that way. She understood that I did not want to live her life, to work as a waitress, until my toes curled in and my feet hurt all the time, to marry a man who would beat my children and treat me as if I had no right to object to object to anything he chose to do. She didn't want that life for me either. She wanted me happy and successful, to live unafraid among people who loved me, and to do things she had never been able to do and tell her all about them.So I told her, about the shelter, the magazine, readings and discussion groups. I told her about trying to write stories, though I hesitated to send send her all that I wrote. And there were far too many times when I would sit down to write my mama and stare at the paper unable to puzzle out how to explain how urgent and unimportant it was to change how women's lives were shaped. Not only that we should be paid equal money for equally difficult work, but that we should genuinely begin to think about what word we might choose to undertake, how we might live our daily lives. Why should I have to marry at all? Or explain myself if I chose to love a woman? Why could I not spend my hours writing stories instead of raising children or keeping house or working some deadly boring job just to cover the rent of an apartments where I was not safe anyway.
Dara Reidyr|It's not my fault you have the attention span of a gnat, capable of only thumbing through the crap on Facebook, instead of reading something of worth that can change your life. No, I'm not talking about Oprah's or Ellen's book either.
Shannon L. Alder|There are many types of marriage relationships and all of them can work, but none is sadder than the one that doesn't represent peace in your heart.
Greg Iles|When you run your own race, don't worry about the next person's pace; mind yours, after all this is your own race not theirs.
Shannon L. Alder|No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|This is just a brief "off the top of the head" first blush analysis, and if one wanted to dig deeper, it wouldn't be difficult to discover more "gems" hidden in plain sight.Devil's Inception!
Luis Buñuel|I guess I forgot we were going out tonight.""We always go out on Fridays.""It's Thursday, Alvis.""You are so tied to routine.
Tony Dovale|The real problem is that most people fear failure, and thus take no action. They really they should be fearful of their thoughts that cause their failure to take action!
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|If you are a Christian, especially if you are unhappy or frustrated, remind yourself frequently of the purple wedge in which you live.
Tom Standage, A History of the World in 6 Glasses|Often I felt that these men were play-acting: the unreality of their role was their security, even their own destinies were to them saga and folk-tale rather than a private matter; these were men under a spell, men who had been turned into birds or even more likely into some strange beast, and who bore their magic shapes with the same unflurried equanimity, magnanimity, and dignity that we children had marvelled at the beasts of fairy tale. Did they not suspect, moreover, with the wordless apprehension of animals, that if their magic shapes were to be stripped from them the fairy tale would be at an end and their security gone, too, while real life would begin with all it's problems, perhaps in some town where there was neither nature or mirage, no link with the folk-tale and the past, no ancient path to the far side of the mountains and down to the river gullies and out beyond the grass plains, no landmarks from the Sagas? - Only a restless search for sterile, deadening enjoyment.
Dada Bhagwan|To see things (vastu) ‘as it is’ in its purest form, is called samkit (enlightened view; right belief), and to see it any other way is called mithyatva (wrong belief).
Stefan Molyneux|Anybody who tries to change society without first examining the family, is trying to push a shadow without moving a statue.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|I simply ate a fish-head, but fish-heads won't fillme now. Your attention is a fish-head,so throw it back into my new body, backinto the body climbing the stairs.
Susan Cooper, Silver on the Tree|The hope is always here, always alive, but only your fierce caring can fan it into a fire to warm the world.
Debasish Mridha|Don't unzip your chest to show all your scars,hold it tight with love and let them bloom like flowers.
Nikki Rowe|I don't forgive people, but I don't let them bother me either!
Lois Greiman, Buffalo Knees|In the beginning God made the seas, the mountains, the heavens, and buffalo knees. He made lilies, and dew drops, and snail shells, and roses, and dippers, and yappers, and snappers, and noses.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|If you think my waistline defines my worth, you are not worth my time anyways.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|But just as your body needs sleep, your soul needs time to rest in God. To learn more about Him. To talk to Him. To worship and praise Him. To fellowship with other brothers and sisters.
Shawn Lukas|And I was a Child again, watching the bright World. But the Spell broke when at this Juncture some Gallants jumped from the Pitt onto the Stage and behaved as so many Merry-Andrews among the Actors, which reduced all to Confusion. I laugh'd with them also, for I like to make Merry among the Fallen and there is pleasure to be had in the Observation of the Deformity of Things. Thus when the Play resumed after the Disturbance, it was only to excite my Ridicule with its painted Fictions, wicked Hypocrisies and villainous Customs, all depicted with a little pert Jingle of Words and a rambling kind of Mirth to make the Insipidnesse and Sterility pass. There was no pleasure in seeing it, and nothing to burden the Memory after: like a voluntarie before a Lesson it was absolutely forgotten, nothing to be remembered or repeated.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Where a people prays, there is the hurch; and where the church is; there is never loneliness.
Inio Asano|The animals known as human beings live in humongous condominium blocks, just going about their daily lives. I've come to realize that it's just a modern jungle. And I'm the girl who's wandered into the forest.
Harper Lee|Yes, it's comforting to know, when you think about it, that only man can be a bastard
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|Then there are some minor points that strike me as suggestive - for instance, the position of Mrs. Hubbard's sponge bag, the name of Mrs. Armstrong's mother, the detective methods of Mr. Hardman, the suggestion of Mr. MacQueen that Ratchett himself destroyed the charred note we found, Princess Dragomiroff's Christian name, and a grease spot on a Hungarian passport.
Aria Kane, Once Upon a Darkness|I'm sorry, I really did want to talk to you." His free hand went to her face and cupped her cheek. Something tightened pleasantly in her belly. "Just talk?" she breathed.He nodded, but used their clasped hands to pull her closer to him. She raised her head and met his eyes, a storm of blue and green. She smirked. "That's a shame.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Bluebeard|When you leave New York, you are astonished at how clean the rest of the world is. Clean is not enough.
George Washington|Vimes had once discussed the Ephebian idea of ‘democracy’ with Carrot, and had been rather interested in the idea that everyone had a vote until he found out that while he, Vimes, would have a vote, there was no way in the rules that anyone could prevent Nobby Nobbs from having one as well. Vimes could see the flaw there straight away.
Jennifer Probst, The Marriage Mistake|Wearing that? Wouldn't you fancy a shapeless cardigan instead? You rock a shapeless cardigan, honey.
Sue Miller, The Lake Shore Limited|I'll say that for all the good things, all the great things, the super wow things it can do, the heart is kind of an asshole. The strongest feelings we have are never when things are stable, never when things are solid, never when we can handle things. The sharpest feelings are when things are either super good or super bad, as if the heart only ever wants to add gasoline to a fire. And the heart has all the subtlety of a freight train. It's going to hit you, and it's going to hit you hard.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|Information is key, being informed is success.
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|If I had to marry someone, it wouldn't be a bossy little gal with a tongue like barbed-wire and a mind about as narrow.
Leon Trotsky|The world would not be in such a snarl, had Marx been Groucho instead of Karl.
Stephen Sondheim|If I cannot fly, let me sing.
Bobbie Ann Mason, Shiloh and Other Stories|Mary Lou suddenly realizes that Mack calls the temperature number because he is afraid to talk on the telephone, and by listening to a recording, he doesn’t have to reply. It’s his way of pretending that he’s involved. He wants it to snow so he won’t have to go outside. He is afraid of what might happen. But it occurs to her that what he must really be afraid of is women. Then Mary Lou feels so sick and heavy with her power over him that she wants to cry. She sees the way her husband is standing there in a frozen pose. Mack looks as though he could stand there all night with the telephone receiver against his ear.
Giselle Fox, Rare and Beautiful Things|I sensed her before I saw her but I didn't scream. I remember thinking at the time that the split seconds before death were a quiet and still place. Her eyes were unapologetic, piercing and untamed. This is how it will end, I thought to myself with no sense of tragedy. It seemed complete and, in a way, romantic. But another second passed and then another. She released me from her hypnotic gaze and bent her beautiful head. And then with gentle flicks of her tongue began to drink from the river. Her eyes never wavered from mine as she lapped at the cool waters that flowed between us. And then, in a blink and a whisper, she was gone.
William Lyon Mackenzie King|The basic idea that if you increase government spending or you cut people's taxes that stimulates the economy and lowers the unemployment rate, is a very widely accepted idea. It's in every economics textbook, that's what we teach our undergraduates, and I certainly try to teach them the truth.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|As sure as time, history is repeating itself, and as sure as man is man, history is the last place he'll look for his lessons.
Stephen King|As with all other aspects of the narrative art, you will improve with practice, but practice will never make you perfect. Why should it? What fun would that be?
Rebecca Serle, When You Were Mine|It is not that the girl is unfit for everything, it is that she is not of this world.
Deyth Banger|In God's economy, you may even harvest a crop in places where you didn't plant seed. When you're generous, you will be blessed, whether it comes to you materially, spiritually, emotionally, relationally, or some other way. God obviously cares much more about what happens in our hearts than what happens in our bank accounts, more about our attitudes than our credit scores. Giving generously changes you. It frees you up, undermines the power that money and possessions can have over you, and it makes you more like Him.
Sean Durkin|The grief of losing my father has come in waves over the years, as it does with most people. His love and devotion as a father provided my closest, most intimate relationship. Dad, and our time together, is in my bones. While reflecting on him, the memories themselves seem to boil down into certain 'essences of Dad.'
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|…There is some firm place in me which knows that what happened to Wally, whatever it was, whatever it is that death is as it transliterates us, moving us out of this life into what we can’t know, is kind.	I shock myself, writing that. I know that many deaths are anything but gentle. I know people suffer terribly…I know many die abandoned, unseen, their stories unheard, their dignity violated, their human worth ignored.	I suspect that the ease of Wally’s death, the rightness of it, the loving recognition which surrounded him, all made it possible for me to see clearly, to witness what other circumstances might obscure. I know, as surely as I know anything, that he’s all right now.And yet.	And yet he’s gone, an absence so forceful it is itself a daily hourly presence. 	My experience of being with Wally… brought me to another sort of perception, but I can’t stay in that place, can’t sustain that way of seeing. The experience of knowing, somehow, that he’s all right, lifted in some kind process that turns at the heart of the world, gives way, as it must, to the plain aching fact that he’s gone.	And doubt. And the fact that we can’t understand, that it’s our condition to not know. Is that our work in the world, to learn to dwell in such not-knowing?	We need our doubt so as to not settle for easy answers. Not-knowing pushes us to struggle after meaning for ourselves…Doubt’s lesson seems to be that whatever we conclude must be provisional, open to revision, subject to correction by forces of change. Leave room, doubt says, for the unknowable, for what it will never quite be your share to see.	 Stanley Kunitz says somewhere that if poetry teaches us anything, it is that we can believe two completely contradictory things at once. And so I can believe that death is utter, unbearable rupture, just as I know that death is kind.
Walker Percy, The Moviegoer|If only they let me, I'll go right into the dense forest where you can't find your way. And where the honey-sipping hummingbird rocks himself on the end of the thinnest branch, I will flower out as a champa.
Clive Blake, View Points and Points of View: A 'Phoetry Book' from Cornwall|Please Note:Although it is true that some havebeen captured; we would like toassure you that no thoughts, orimages, have been harmed during the making of this book.
Nancy Pelosi|America allows us to be able to dream, then gives us the ability to achieve those dreams.
Anthony Liccione|The American flag doesn't give her glory on a peaceful, calm day. It's when the winds pick up and become boisterous, do we see her strength. When she unfolds her hand, and shows her frayed fingers, where we see the stretch of red-blood lines of man that fought for this land. The purity of white stripes that strips our sins, and the stars of Abraham's covenant, broad in a midnight blue sky. The rights our forefathers established. As it waves high in the currents of freedom, where the Torch of Liberty shines over the sea, does she give meaning to unity. When we strive as one nation, or when it drops half-mast, to a fallen soldier.
Orson Scott Card, Magic Street|When you have faith in something a lot of other people believe then you a member of the church" said Ceas, "When you have faith in something nobody believes, then you a complete wacko
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|You must understand that love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny. If he abandons that pursuit, it's because it wasn't true love… the love that speaks the Language of the World.
Laurel Clark|You don't go into space just for the science. Economically, it is not worth it. I think the reason we should be in space is for the exploration; it's the human endeavour.
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|If you love something, let it go…
Swami Sivananda|The artist himself may not think he is religious, but if he is sincere his sincerity in itself is religion.
Emily Giffin|You see yourself as very average, ordinary. And there is nothing ordinary about you, Rachel." (Something Borrowed)
Reba Riley, Post-Traumatic Church Syndrome: A Memoir of Humor and Healing in 30 Religions|Bonding through caregiving..I don't think I'd ever realized until then that so much affection, so much heart connect, happens when we take care of someone.
Akosua Dardaine Edwards, Nyabo (Madam) - Why Are You Here? The Truth about Living in Service, Love, and Personal Power|He lies there listening to it, absorbing this sense of his own quiet drone transmuted into something of certain substance, something large, magnificent and grand—no longer him, no, but something bursting from him, leaving his split carcass behind as a monument to its source, its host, its feeding ground.
Dorothy Day|That strange feeling we had in the war. Have you found anything in your lives since to equal it in strength? A sort of splendid carelessness it was, holding us together.
Michele Jennae|If there was ever a time to create, it is now!
Victor Manan Nyambala|I think her favorite thing about our . . . collaboration was her actor and musician friends rubbing shoulders with my academic colleagues, she liked the atmosphere of challenge, the way anything that came under discussion could be claimed or rejected by either side. Time and time again the power of an idea or a piece of art was assessed by either its beauty or its technique or its usefulness, and time and time again my wife was surprised by how rarely anything on earth satisfies all three camps.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Just friends, she reminded herself. They were only friends, and would only be friends from here on out. It was a friendship that was to be cherished, as she cherished all the friendships she'd made aboard this ship. She wouldn't ruin it by wishing things could be more. She would be grateful for what affection she did have.
George W. Bush|When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Cancer can touch you, but not your soul; neither your thoughts, nor your heart.
Poppet, Ryan|Pushing himself off the bed in a violent thrust, his lats widen like wings down his sides, where his waistcoat is open halfway to his waist to accommodate muscular builds, he indicates the gilded cage with outstretched arms. Showing off his supreme musculature, he says, “We have forever Phoebe.
Francois Hollande|I do get recognized, but I must say Edinburgh is a fantastic city to live if you're well-known. There is an innate respect for privacy in Edinburgh people, and I also think they're used to seeing me walking around, so I don't think I'm a very big deal.
Amit Kalantri|Don't fight to be right, but fight when you are right.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Phonocentrism places higher value on spoken language as being more primary than and thus superior to written language, which it conceives as necessarily corrupting the original Subject—the center of meaning.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays of Robert Louis Stevenson|I kept always two books in my pocket, one to read, one to write in.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,Love is knowing I am everything,and between the two my life moves.
Paolo Bacigalupi|Science's domain is the natural. If you want to understand the natural world and be sure you're not misleading yourself, science is the way to do it.
Alexandar Tomov|I put my forehead on his collarbone, place one hand on his chest. Its rhythm reassures me: He is real, and he is now.
Jamie McGuire, Providence|Shut up and kiss me, Duchess.”“Max!”“All right, I’ll kiss you.
Alan Beattie|The American share of the crisis began with grossly improper mortgages provided to wholly unqualified borrowers, all directly caused and encouraged by government distortion of and interference in the market. The government’s market deformation and market intervention was in turn the result of two factors: political favouritism and Leftist ideology, on the one hand; and upon the other, corruption: the blatant cooption of such Friends of Angelo as Mr Dodd and of such bien-pensant Lefties as Mr Frank. The stability and efficiency of any market is directly proportional to the amount and trustworthiness of market information. The Yank Congress, for blatantly partisan and ideological reasons, gave out false information to the market, pushing lenders into making bad loans and giving out, with the appropriate winks and nudges, that Fannie (will Americans ever realise how that sounds) and Freddie, imperfectly quangoised, were ‘really just as good as the Treasury’ and were in any case ‘too big to [be let] fail’: which, as it happens, was untrue. Similarly, this moronic mantra of ‘too big to fail’ was chanted desperately and loudly to drown out the warning sounds of various financial institutions on the brink and of the automobile industry. Incomprehensible sums of public money were thrown at these corporations so that they could avoid bankruptcy, and have succeeded only in privatising profit whilst socialising risk.
Maureen Johnson|From where we stand the rain seems random. If we could stand somewhere else, we would see the order in it.
Dan Ahearn, Shoot the Moon|Who ever thought to put the word "hero" in heroin?
Tim Fargo, Alphabet Success - Keeping it Simple|She's right, Kate's right, I'm right and you're wrong. If you drive her away from here it will be over my dead— chair, has it never occurred to you at on one occasion you might be consummately wrong?
Isaac Bashevis Singer|Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.
Denele Pitts Campbell, Rex Perkins: A Biography|If you put forth a small amount of effort, you just might find your next best friend for life is of a different race than your own.
Grover Norquist|There's already a marriage clock, a career clock, a biological clock. Sometimes being a woman feels like standing in the lobby of a hotel, looking at the dials depicting every time zone in the world behind the front desk - except they all apply to you, and all at once.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are excited of an idea that no one else, all that should matter to you is focus. Progressive thinkers are driven by their interests, not whether others are interested.
Jianne Carlo, Devil|Heather leaned toward me and placed a soothing hand on my knee. “It’ll be fine, sweetie. You’ll see.”“I’ve never done anything like this. What if I can’t go through with it? I’ll feel like such a dolt.”“I won’t let that happen. Once I get you warmed up, you’ll forget all these silly insecurities. And I’d bet my favorite dildo that the instant you see Blake in the buff, you’ll be damn glad you followed through on this little plan.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|Drama does not just walk into our lives. Either we create it, invite it, or associate with it.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Who knows how to make love stay?1. Tell love you are going to Junior's Deli on Flatbush Avenue in Brooklyn to pick up a cheesecake, and if loves stays, it can have half. It will stay.2. Tell love you want a momento of it and obtain a lock of its hair. Burn the hair in a dime-store incense burner with yin/yang symbols on three sides. Face southwest. Talk fast over the burning hair in a convincingly exotic language. Remove the ashes of the burnt hair and use them to paint a moustache on your face. Find love. Tell it you are someone new. It will stay.3. Wake love up in the middle of the night. Tell it the world is on fire. Dash to the bedroom window and pee out of it. Casually return to bed and assure love that everything is going to be all right. Fall asleep. Love will be there in the morning.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Potter, you can skin Malfoy's shrivelfig.
Chelsea Fine, Anew|Before he knew he was immortal. Before life was no longer fragile. Those were the days when life truly meant something.When life was hard but worthwile, and love was valuable because your days were numbered.That was living.
Lauren F. Winner|Doubts are good. It means you are alive and searching. One does not become a believer overnight. He thinks he is a believer; then something happens in his life and he becomes an unbeliever, after that, he becomes a believer again and then an unbeliever again, and so on. Until we reach a certain stage, we constantly waver. This is the only way forward. At each new step, we come closer to the Truth.
Christa B. Allen|If proud Americans can be who they are and boldly stand at the altar with who they love then surely, surely we can give everyone in this country a fair chance at that great American Dream.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|Humanity has many shortcomings, but none is stronger than pride.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|... I have always found that the Trough periods of the human undulation provide excellent opportunity for all sensual temptations, particularly those of sex. This may surprise you, because, of course, there is more physical energy, and therefore more potential appetite, at the Peak periods; but you must remember that the powers of resistance are then also at their highest. The health and spirits which you... use in producing lust can also... be very easily used for work or play or thought or innocuous merriment. The attack has a much better chance of success when the man's whole inner world is drab and cold and empty. And it is also to be noted that the Trough sexuality is subtly different in quality from that of the Peak - much less likely to lead to... "being in love," much more easily drawn into perversions, much less... generous and imaginative and even spiritual... It is the same with other desires of the flesh. You are much more likely to make [a] man a sound drunkard by pressing drink on him as an anodyne when he is dull and weary... than... when he is happy...
Cecily von Ziegesar|And so Gollum found them hours later, when he returned, crawling and creeping down the path out of the gloom ahead. Sam sat propped against the stone, his head dropping sideways and his breathing heavy. In his lap lay Frodo's head, drowned in sleep; upon his white forehead lay one of Sam's brown hands, and the other lay softly upon his master's breast. Peace was in both their faces.Gollum looked at them. A strange expression passed over his lean hungry face. The gleam faded from his eyes, and they went dim and grey, old and tired. A spasm of pain seemed to twist him, and he turned away, peering back up towards the pass, shaking his head, as if engaged in some interior debate. Then he came back, and slowly putting out a trembling hand, very cautiously he touched Frodo's knee--but almost the touch was a caress. For a fleeting moment, could one of the sleepers have seen him, they would have thought that they beheld an old weary hobbit, shrunken by the years that had carried him far beyond his time, beyond friends and kin, and the fields and streams of youth, an old starved pitiable thing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not enough to read many books, you have to read the right ones.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Man will find his own structured words,which will transfigure his into immortal.
Sixeye|Repentance is words, God forgives the kind.
Greg Rucka, Star Wars: Guardians of the Whills|In darkness I follow the light and find my way to the beginning again, and again, and again.
James Agee, A Death in the Family|Aedion touched her shoulder. "Welcome home, Aelin."A land of towering mountains-the Stagehorns-spread before them, with valleys and rivers and hills; a land of untamed, wild beauty.Terrasen.And the smell-of pine and snow.. How had she never realized that Rowan's scent was of Terrasen, of home? Rowan came close enough to graze her shoulder and murmured, "I feel as if I've been looking for this place my entire life.
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|DBT's catchphrase of developing a life worth living means you're not just surviving; rather, you have good reasons for living. I'm also getting better at keeping another dialectic in mind: On the one hand, the disorder decimates all relationships and social functions, so you're basically wandering in the wasteland of your own failure, and yet you have to keep walking through it, gathering the small bits of life that can eventually go into creating a life worth living. To be in the desolate badlands while envisioning the lush tropics without being totally triggered again isn't easy, especially when life seems so effortless for everyone else.
Wislawa Szymborska|I think it's very hard in this day and age to raise little girls with morals, ethics and values, and them knowing that they are precious creations and that they are important.
Henry Jenkins, Convergence Culture: Where Old and New Media Collide|One of the cafés had that brilliant idea of putting up a slogan: 'the best protection against infection is a good bottle of wine', which confirmed an already prevalent opinion that alcohol is a safeguard against infectious disease. Every night, towards 2 a.m., quite a number of drunk men, ejected from the cafés , staggered down the streets, vociferating optimism.
Michael Pollan|If we're eating industrially, if we're letting large corporations, fast food chains, cook our food, we're going to have a huge, industrialized, monoculture agriculture because big likes to buy from big. So I realized, wow, how we cook or whether we cook has a huge bearing on what kind of agriculture we're going to have.
Loren Weisman|Guys get a bad rap for not wanting to talk about their feelings but maybe women are in part to blame for that. One thing that I learned from working with people where English was not their first language was this: just because they don’t speak your language doesn’t mean that they’re dumb. Maybe we just need to talk more slowly, use simpler words and have lots more patience.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Of course God does outrageous things. But in reality, what insanity would prompt me to follow a God who did anything less?
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree| For, if after fifty you don't live the aspirations of the young, go away. Who needs needs spectacled snails, salivating on the Soma of youth.
Jennette McCurdy|They're a different generation, those kids; kids that are under the age of twelve. They're not that impressed by rock music, you know what I mean? They're like, it's cool and everything, but whatever. They're just as impressed by YouTube.
Sunday Adelaja|Here is the day for the man, where is the man for the day?
Kim Harrison, Black Magic Sanction|Uh... ," Ivy stammered, and I glanced up to see her eyes wide in consideration."I'm kidding," I said. "It passed the lethal-amulet test, remember?""Not that. You keep it in your underwear drawer?"I hesitated, wondering why I was embarrassed. "Well, where do you put your elven magic?" I asked.
Robin Alexander, Fearless|I gave up drinking coffee for you. I swapped pizza for produce, and this is what I get in return?
Suzette R. Hinton|Certainly, it’s wise to ask for counsel in whatever you endeavor to do. There is safety in that. But when the asking comes from a place of dependence, it is unhealthy.
Elizabeth George, Finding God's Path Through Your Trials: His Help for Every Difficulty You Face|Sometimes God’s way of answering prayer is not by removing the pressure, but by increasing your strength to bear it.
Hugh Howey, The Unraveling|I dug out an old brown suitcase and threw a few clothes into it, then looked around my bedroom for memorabilia, but stopped when I remembered that the purpose of memorabilia is to trigger memory. I didn't want to be lugging my memories all over the place. They were to heavy.
A.E. Housman, The Collected Poems of A.E. Housman|The chaos on our planet, the plundering of resources, and the division of humanity are not the true works of any kind of man. They are the work of those who conquer over man.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Once your intentions are real and wise, helpful and positive, keep going forward. Never ever give up!
Matt Padwick, Running Contra Diction|Learning to leave his mind in meditation could be compared to snorkelling, which is breathing with his face under water. Which is just wrong!It had taken a lot of time and nagging for his brain to get used to snorkelling, for all those doubts and questions to be overcome - for him to relax and just breathe.Learning to leave his mind in meditation was the same kind of challenge; when there was a gap in his thoughts, when a space opened up, to resist the temptation to immediately fill it up - instead for him to relax and just breathe.
Ariel Sharon|Extraordinary circumstances often bring along with them extraordinary strength. No man knows, till the experiment, what he is capable of effecting.
Starley Ard, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream that I could please everyone. Well that will always be a dream, because I find that near to impossible to do.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Hard work is never a punishment. If you see it so, you may not do it with the right attitude.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|... man by nature is not a wild or unsocial creature, neither was he born so, but makes himself what he naturally is not, by vicious habit; and that again on the other side, he is civilized and grows gentle by a change of place, occupation, and manner of life, as beasts themselves that are wild by nature, become tame and tractable by housing and gentler usage...
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Feeling threatened by others' choices pulls us all down. Instead, we should funnel our energy into breaking this cycle.
Ann Marie Aguilar|What inflicts the mind, inflicts the body. What inflicts the soul inflicts the body. Physical wounds heal much quicker but spiritual, emotional and spiritual wounds takes much longer of healing.
Mikhail Gorbachev|There are women to whom nature has granted the gift of silent emotion. They have mobile faces, changeful eyes, soft lips, which express joy or desolation naturally, and with the charm of perfect simplicity and truth.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone fights with the power of their love, there will be happiness, not the destruction or war.
Jack Williamson, Darker Than You Think|We want to be women who advance. The kingdom of God is advancing, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. Don't you want to advance along with it? Don't you want to help it to advance? And don't you want to advance into the deeper realms of the heart of God? Advance into more healing, more deliverance, more intimacy, more life? Fear makes us retreat. Love causes it to advance.
Scarlett Dawn, King Cave|His lips slowly twitched. “As a gentleman, I think you should sleep off the drugs in your system.” Again, his wide, full lips curved wickedly. “Unless you plan to move your hand lower, then I might forget I’m acting the gentleman because, really, I’m not all that gentlemanly.
Julie Anne Long, A Notorious Countess Confesses|It takes us away from the world of strangersTo a new world of laughter With time the whirled churning deep insideAnd why does the smile fades, as age passes?
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Some people believe that if they yell and scream, others will get the point of just how serious they are. For me, all I get is the point of just how out of control that someone is.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|I walked past her, thinking: Is this what happens to the youth of women? Those whom we have met in the past, if suddenly we desire to see them again, have they become old? Is the young woman whom we desire like a character on the stage, when, unable to secure the actress who created the part, the management is obliged to entrust it to a new star? But then it is no longer the same.
Elie Wiesel|Charity never humiliated him who profited from it, nor ever bound him by the chains of gratitude, since it was not to him but to God that the gift was made.
Jacqueline Kennedy|It's really not that difficult to be happy. You just have to be grateful and especially appreciate what you do have now. The rest will come, my dear.
Samuel Sewall, The Selling Of Joseph|Lincoln, Douglas and their contemporaries struggled to decide what the words “all men are created equal” really meant. Stephen A. Douglas and Abraham Lincoln wrangled for 21 hours on seven stages. They made strategic choices and battled to gain support for different views of the future. Their powerful words changed and restricted each other. Lincoln and Douglas didn’t have answers; they had strong arguments.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|At some point, most of us reach a place where we’re afraid to fail, where we instinctively avoid failure and stick only to what is placed in front of us or only what we’re already good at.This confines us and stifles us. We can be truly successful only at something we’re willing to fail at. If we’re unwilling to fail, then we’re unwilling to succeed.
Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary and Other Works|Don't keep forever on the public road,going only where others have gone, and following one after the other like a flock of sheep. Leave the beaten track occasionally and dive into the woods. 'Every time you do so you will be certain to find something that you have never seen before. Of course it will be a little thing, but do not ignore it. Follow it up, explore all around it; one discovery will lead to another, and before you know it you will have something worth thinking about to occupy your mind. All really big discoveries are the results of thought.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Then Jip went up to the front of the ship and smelt the wind; and he started muttering to himself,"Tar; Spanish onions; kerosene oil; wet raincoats; crushed laurel-leaves; rubber burning; lace-curtains being washed--No, my mistake, lace-curtains hanging out to dry; and foxes--hundreds of 'em--cubs; and--""Can you really smell all those different things in this one wind?" asked the Doctor."Why, of course!" said Jip. "And those are only a few of the easy smells--the strong ones. Any mongrel could smell those with a cold in the head. Wait now, and I'll tell you some of the harder scents that are coming on this wind--a few of the dainty ones."Then the dog shut his eyes tight, poked his nose straight up in the air and sniffed hard with his mouth half-open.For a long time he said nothing. He kept as still as a stone. He hardly seemed to be breathing at all. When at last he began to speak, it sounded almost as though he were singing, sadly, in a dream."Bricks," he whispered, very low--"old yellow bricks, crumbling with age in a garden-wall; the sweet breath of young cows standing in a mountain-stream; the lead roof of a dove-cote--or perhaps agranary--with the mid-day sun on it; black kid gloves lying in a bureau-drawer of walnut-wood; a dusty road with a horses' drinking-trough beneath the sycamores; little mushrooms burstingthrough the rotting leaves; and--and--and--""Any parsnips?" asked Gub-Gub."No," said Jip. "You always think of things to eat. No parsnips whatever.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must intercept the passing time well, hence it will fly away into vanity.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|I think it’s imperative that we continue confusing light with meaning. That’s how the human race evolves. Someone sees a light, names it God, goes toward it, goes up in flames. Same goes for moths. We’re all animals. There’s nothing revolutionary about evolution. The process itself relies solely on stupidity. We fuck up in the hopes that future fuckups will learn from us.
Auður Ava Ólafsdóttir, Butterflies in November|Then I truly feel like a living being in the middle of this garden of the dead, I'm most definitely alive in here.
Alan Lightman|Cath wanted to go back and rewrite every scene she'd ever written about Baz or Simon's chests. She'd written them flat and sharp and hard. Levi was all soft motion and breath, curves and warm hollows. Levi's chest was a living thing.
Cheryl Zelenka|Kindness and Truth should always hold hands. Together they are powerful and fully capable of spreading insight and revelation, while also generating conviction and true repentance. However, one without the other is never as beneficial or profitable.When truth is spoken in a callous manner, or merely in a hurried fashion, discourse will most likely follow. By forgetting to speak honest words with the love and kindness of God behind them, our candor will put folks off. This in turn hinders our effectiveness and the work of the Holy Spirit
Bailey White, Mama Makes Up Her Mind: And Other Dangers of Southern Living|I'm tired of being set upon by crazed Christians one minute and unbridled libertines the next. Girls, I'm going camping.
Edward Lewellen|Things are as they should be at this moment. When you accept that, you become responsible for everything you have and are. You then hold the power to change your future!
Gustav Stresemann|In the last four years under the Patriot Act, we have seen a great increase in the ability of law enforcement officials to investigate and track terrorists.
Justin Ker, The Space Between the Raindrops|Perhaps she moves too slowly now, or the world moves too fast for her. She enters the lift, a giant wheel turns and steel cables lower the mechanized box. The lift drops down a black shaft, which exists at the heart of each HDB block. The country may be described, not as a place covered with blocks of public housing, but a topography where black vertical shafts, some forty storeys tall, rise out of the ground like trees.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|While we tend to think of love as some faraway place, it is actually a place nearby that we have forgotten.
Graham Chapman, Monty Python and the Holy Grail (Book): Mønti Pythøn Ik Den Hølie Gräilen|Sir Beldevere: What makes you think she's a witch? Peasant 3: Well, she turned me into a newt! Sir Beldevere: A newt? Peasant 3: [meekly after a long pause] ... I got better. Crowd: [shouts] Burn her anyway! 
Bruce Willis|Laws are like sausages, it is better not to see them being made.
David Suzuki|The sooner we get started with alternative energy sources and recognize that fossil fuels makes us less secure as a nation, and more dangerous as a planet, the better off we'll be.
George Armstrong Custer, My Life On The Plains: General George A. Custer|I would be willing, yes glad, to see a battle every day during my life
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|When we regularly struggle to achieve the goals, either we get used to the struggle or we find a way to avoid the struggle. If we get used to the struggle than every new task will increase the distance between our struggle & goals, but if we find a way to avoid the struggle the goals will be as close as the shortcut to any destination.
Ken Poirot|When you betray your own heart, you suffer for life. Always be true to your heart!
Jean-Pierre de Caussade, Abandonment to Divine Providence|God teaches the soul by pains and obstacles, not by ideas.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Sorry.” I’m surprised and glad she doesn’t recognize it. I run my thumb back and forth over a crusty bit on the shoulder strap as a five-second version of the cake fight flashes behind my eyes like a movie stuck on quick search. Don’t cry over spilt frosting, Anna. “I just – I like this one.” “What for?” she asks. Just tell her. “It’s from the – it’s just the–” I bite my lower lip. Tell her. “Anna? What’s wrong?” Oh, it’s nothing, really. Just that it’s from the first time your brother kissed me and made me promise not to tell you. And I was in love with him forever, and he was supposed to tell you about it in California, and we were all going to live happily ever after. I still write him letters in the journal he gave me, which he doesn’t answer, since he’s dead and all. But other than that? Honestly, it’s nothing. “Anna?” She watches me with her sideways face again. “Huh? Oh, sorry. Nothing. I’m fine. I – I’ll get rid of it later.
Courtney Summers, This is Not a Test|I wish I could break this window. Step through it. But I can't break this window. I can't even find some less dramatic way to die inside of this school, like hanging myself or slitting my wrists, because what would they do with my body? It might put everyone at risk. I won't let myself do that.I'm not selfish like Lily.I hate her. I hate her so much my heart tries to crawl out of my throat but it gets stuck there and beats crazily in the too narrow space. I bring my hands to my neck and try to massage it back down. I pres so heard against the skin, my eyes sting, and then I'm hurrying back down the stairs, back to the first floor. I think of Trace running laps, something he can control.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you kiss me,your lips upon mine,your kisses taste so sweet,just like a glass of good wine.
Sue Richardson, Creative Responses to Child Sexual Abuse: Challenges and Dilemmas|But the lie had to be a good one, because if your lie is badly done it makes everyone feel wretched, liar and lied-to alike plunged into the deepest lackadaisy, and everyone just feels like going into the other room and drinking a glass of water, or whatever is available there, whereas if you can lie really well then get dynamite results, 35 percent report increased intellectual understanding, awareness, insight, 40 percent report more tolerance, acceptance of others, liking for self, 29 percent report they receive more personal and more confidential information from people and that others become more warm and supportive toward them--all in consequence of a finely orchestrated, carefully developed untruth.
V.E. Schwab, Vicious|What else should you be? Human beings didn't evolve brains in order to lie around on lakes. Killing's the first thing we learned. And a good thing we did, or we'd be dead, and the tigers would own the earth.
Nigella Lawson|One thing I hear a lot is, 'Dude, my mom loves your record,' or 'I got it for my dad for Christmas.' I'm essentially doing dad rock. Which is great, because I love Steely Dan, you know? Nothing wrong with dad rock!
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|By the way, if you get mad at your Mac laptop and wonder who designed this demonic device, notice the manufacturer's icon on top: an apple with a bite out of it.
Thomas Love Peacock, Nightmare Abbey|He had some taste for romance reading before he went to the university, where, we must confess, in justice to his college, he was cured of the love of reading in all its shapes; and the cure would have been radical, if disappointment in love, and total solitude, had not conspired to bring on a relapse.
William Maxwell, So Long, See You Tomorrow|It seemed like a mistake. And mistakes ought to be rectified, only this one couldn't be. Between the way things used to be and the way they were now was a void that couldn't be crossed. I had to find an explanation other than the real one, which was that we were no more immune to misfortune than anybody else, and the idea that kept recurring to me...was that I had inadvertently walked through a door that I shouldn't have gone through and couldn't get back to the place I hadn't meant to leave. Actually, it was other way round: I hadn't gone anywhere and nothing was changed, so far as the roof over our heads was concerned, it was just that she was in the cemetery.
Kris Jenner|To be a human being is to be in a state of tension between your appetites and your dreams, and the social realities around you and your obligations to your fellow man.
Aysel yaqub|Take away the pomp and circumstance, at the end of the day, only eternal things will be truly celebrated.
Ian McEwan, In Between the Sheets|But soon I loved her completely and wished to possess her, own her, absorb her, eat her. I wanted her in my arms and in my bed, I longed she would open her legs to me
Matteo Manassero|For some time, I thought being a producer would be a more fulfilling career than being an actor. But then I went to a conference in Cannes with 300 other producers, all desperately chasing finance for their projects... and realized being an actor wasn't so bad after all!
Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon|Joel Cairo: You always have a very smooth explanation ready.Sam Spade: What do you want me to do, learn to stutter?
Carine Roitfeld|Mars, we know, was once wet and warm. Was it home to life? And what can living and learning to work on its rust-colored surface teach us about the future of our own planet, Earth? Answering those mysteries may hold the key to our future.
S. Walden|Our goodness, our badness all develop from social experience, the company we keep, the things we're taught when we're young. We start with a clean slate. It's everyone else who fucks us up.
Fiona McIntosh, The Lavender Keeper|Women, as well as men, in all ages and in all places, have danced on the earth, danced the life dance, danced joy, danced grief, danced despair, and danced hope. Literally and metaphorically, by their very lives.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|Your appearance, attitude, and confidence define you as a person.A professional, well-dressed golfer, like a businessperson, gives the impression that he thinks that the golf course and/or workplace and the people there are important.
Debasish Mridha|Love is my strength, power, and shelter.
Mary Street, The Confession of Fitzwilliam Darcy|When asked for the details of an ideal date, I answered, "I want him to take me to a book store, so he can see just how happy I can be.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|Le golpeé el abdomen mientras me reía.—¿Por qué eres tan cruel?—Porque si te digo que todo estará bien, te estaría mintiendo. Es lo lógico que extrañes a alguien que quisiste tanto, con quien compartiste parte de tu vida y frente a quien te desnudaste y no me refiero solamente al cuerpo. Pero es la forma en la que tu cerebro procesa la ausencia, vas a estar triste, tendrás recuerdos, añoranzas, maldecirás y te mentirás para sentirte mejor. Debes vivirlo, dejarlo salir, gritar, llorar… sacarlo de ti. Pero, lo peor que puedes hacer es darle más importancia de la necesaria. No te encierres ni te aísles. Habla, con tus amigos, conmigo o con los gatos. —¿Quién eres? —Le puyé el brazo.—La respuesta a tu S.O.S. Tu rescatista. Vamos.
Jamaica Kincaid|I had begun to see the past like this: there is a line; you can draw it yourself, or sometimes it gets drawn for you; either way, there it is, your past, a collection of people you used to be
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|What the dev— er, deuce did you do that for? It hurt!”“Good,” said the angel. “I was afraid these new shoes would not be sturdy enough.
Saddam Hussein|Darkness enveloped us again, and for the first time in years, I welcomed it.
Hideo Kojima|The science tells us that if we fail to reduce global warming pollution, global temperatures will rise to dangerous levels and unleash devastating extreme weather events and accelerate destructive sea level rise.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You are discovering the conversation that the customer wants to have, instead of the dreadfully limiting presentation you would have given him. And in doing so, you can help him to make a truly wonderful buying decision.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Great victories and mountain experiences are invariably followed by vulnerabilities and emotional valley experiences. Know that and get prepared physically, mentally and emotionally.
Ufuoma Apoki|In listening lies great power.Many are expert in speaking (while everyone hears), adept in analyzing in bits and pieces, very prompt in commenting, and always ready to stamp judgement of 'right' or 'wrong'.Very few are skilled in listening, first, with the ears and, then, with the heart. Those who do hold true, sustainable, and great power.
Stephan Labossiere|Well,” Han said with a sigh, “we’ve gone from no-plan to stupid-plan. That’s progress of a sort.
Scott Stabile|I will forever remind you that you are gifted, strong and beautiful, exactly as you are.Will you forever remind yourself, too?
Saaif Alam|Delarosa was trying to save the human race," said Mkele. "Her only crime was that she was willing to go too far in order to do it. We decided, briefly, that we didn't want to go along with her, but look at us: We're hiding in a basement, letting Delarosa fight our battles, seriously considering lettering her deploy a nuclear bomb. We are long past the point where we can pick and choose our morality. We either save our species or we don't.""Yes," said Tovar, "but I'd prefer it if we were still worth saving by the end of it.
Menachem Mendel|You made me to think of others, by thinking others I may forget you... Be Aware
Augustine of Hippo|Music, that is the science or the sense of proper modulation, is likewise given by God's generosity to mortals having rational souls in order to lead them to higher things.
Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control|Savannah, I’ve been talking my ass off for more than an hour now, telling you shit no one’s ever heard anything about, hoping that I’ll say something, Jesus God, anything that will convince you to have sex with me.
Shelley E Williams|After attainment of Supreme knowledge a man lives but he does not lead an ordinary man’s life. He lives, he eats, he sleeps and by God’s commandment he becomes a ‘man-catcher’ as Christ told Peter.
Gary Smith, Radical Compassion: Finding Christ in the Heart of the Poor|It is true that the church must be in many places and with many people, but it is the poor who will reveal to the church—dramatically and poignantly—the nature of its heart and mission.
Herta Müller, The Hunger Angel|I'm always telling myself I don't have many feelings. Even when something does affect me I'm only moderately moved. I almost never cry. It's not that I'm stronger than the ones with teary eyes, I'm weaker. They have courage. When all you are is skin and bones, feelings are a brave thing. I'm more of a coward. The difference is minimal though, I just use my strength not to cry. When I do allow myself a feeling, I take the part that hurts and bandage it up with a story that doesn't cry, that doesn't dwell on homesickness.
Peter David, House of Cards|Science fiction isn’t just thinking about the world out there. It’s also thinking about how that world might be—a particularly important exercise for those who are oppressed, because if they’re going to change the world we live in, they—and all of us—have to be able to think about a world that works differently.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Heavy laden -- that's what I am. Laden with pride, often thinking myself better than others while we have to think the other one better than ourselves. Laden with my own egotism. Laden with all my sins. And when I went to bed last night and thought about everything and wanted to bring all those difficulties to God, I couldn't even find the words!
J. D. Salinger|The more we do, the more we can do.
Jacky Fleming, The Trouble With Women|In short, women themselves absorb and transmit misogynistic values, just as men do. This is not a tidy world of tyrannical men and victimized women, but a messier realm of oppressive social customs adhered to by men and women alike.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|And I knew that in spite of all the roses and kisses and restaurant dinners a man showered on a woman before he married her, what he secretly wanted when the wedding service ended was for her to flatten out underneath his feet like Mrs. Willard's kitchen mat.
Linda Alfiori|The body is a self-sufficient source of strength, happiness, healing power, love and resilience. The secret to tap into these sources, is to increase your spirituality.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Challenges exist in life; don’t be afraid, there is grace for triumphant.
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|To behold virtue in her proper form is nothing else but to contemplate morality stripped of all admixture of sensible things and of every spurious ornament of reward or self-love. How much she then eclipses everything else that appears charming to the affections, every one may readily perceive with the least exertion of his reason, if it be not wholly spoiled for abstraction.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|If you don't know what those old occupations were, how they were done, and how they interacted with the passersby, you're not prepared to write a historical novel. A historical figure doesn't pass through a blank countryside. That means you, the novelist, must learn by research what the whole place was like in those times. As much as you can, you must be like someone who has lived there, because you're going to be not just the storyteller but also the tour guide taking your readers through the past.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|I like my coffee black, my beer from Germany, wine from Burgundy, the darker, the better. I like my heroes complicated and brooding, James Dean in oiled leather, leaning on a motorcycle. You know the color. ("Ode to Chocolate")
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
Sergey Brin|Like my mother, I was always saying, 'I'll fix my life one day.' It became clear when I saw her die without fulfilling her dreams that my time was now or maybe never.
Moosa Rahat|Religion is the biggest drama, the man has ever written and the God is the best character, the man has ever played that people are still applauding for _Idiotneil
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|Devaluation of the Earth, hostility towards the Earth, fear of the Earth: these are all from the psychological point of view the expression of a weak patriarchal consciousness that knows no other way to help itself than to withdraw violently from the fascinating and overwhelming domain of the Earthly. For we know that the archetypal projection of the Masculine experiences, not without justice, the Earth as the unconscious-making, instinct-entangling, and therefore dangerous Feminine. At the same time the projection of the masculine anima is mingled with the living image of the Earth archetype in the unconscious of man; and the more one-sidedly masculine man's conscious mind is the more primitive, unreliable, and therefore dangerous his anima will be. However, the Earth archetype, in compensation to the divinity of the archetype of Heaven and the Father, that determined the consciousness of medieval man, is fused together with the archaic image of the Mother Goddess.Yet in its struggle against this Mother Goddess, the conscious mind, in its historical development, has had great difficulty in asserting itself so as to reach its – patriarchal - independence. The insecurity of this conscious mind-and we have profound experience of how insecure the position of the conscious mind still is in modern man-is always bound up with fear of the unconscious, and no well-meaning theory "against fear" will be able to rid the world of this deeply rooted anxiety, which at different times has been projected on different objects. Whether this anxiety expresses itself in a religious form as the medieval fear of demons or witches, or politically as the modern fear of war with the State beyond the Iron Curtain, in every case we are dealing with a projection, though at the same time the anxiety is justified. In reality, our small ego-consciousness is justifiably afraid of the superior power of the collective forces, both without and within.In the history of the development of the conscious mind, for reasons which we cannot pursue here, the archetype of the Masculine Heaven is connected positively with the conscious mind, and the collective powers that threaten and devour the conscious mind both from without and within, are regarded as Feminine. A negative evaluation of the Earth archetype is therefore necessary and inevitable for a masculine, patriarchal conscious mind that is still weak. But this validity only applies in relation to a specific type of conscious mind; it alters as the integration of the human personality advances, and the conscious mind is strengthened and extended. A one-sided conscious mind, such as prevailed in the medieval patriarchal order, is certainly radical, even fanatical, but in a psychological sense it is by no means strong. As a result of the one-sidedness of the conscious mind, the human personality becomes involved in an equally one-sided opposition to its own unconscious, so that actually a split occurs. Even if, for example, the Masculine principle identifies itself with the world of Heaven, and projects the evil world of Earth outwards on the alien Feminine principle, both worlds are still parts of the personality, and the repressing masculine spiritual world of Heaven and of the values of the conscious mind is continually undermined and threatened by the repressed but constantly attacking opposite side. That is why the religious fanaticism of the representatives of the patriarchal World of Heaven reached its climax in the Inquisition and the witch trials, at the very moment when the influence of the archetype of Heaven, which had ruled the Middle Ages and the previous period, began to wane, and the opposite image of the Feminine Earth archetype began to emerge.
Shannon L. Alder|How can I get up everyday knowing you had to kill yourself to make it stop hurting and I was here all the time and I never even saw it. And then you gave me this chance to make it better, convince you to stay alive and I couldn't do it. How can I live with myself after this, Jessie?
The Nines|And then I met the most wonderful boy in the world. We would take long walks by the river. We spent hours gazing into each others eyes. We were so very much in love. And then one day, he went away. And I thought I'd die, but I didn't. And when I didn't, I said to myself... is that all there is to love?
Ramana Pemmaraju|Acidity’ happens when too much of acidic emotion is still suppressed inside, let go of it and the body will respond
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Going all in and all out for the All in All is both a death sentence and a life sentence. Your sinful nature, along with its selfish desires, is nailed to the cross. Then, and only then, does your true personality, your true potential, and your true purpose come alive. After all, God cannot resurrect what has not died. And that's why so many people are half alive. They haven't died to self yet.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Most people think the more money, luxury or fame they have, the more successful they are; but I think that the true sign of success depends on how many positive emotions they experience each day.
Kristen Callihan, Winterblaze|I finally realized that I had to embrace the madness, let it transform me instead of letting it define me....."You, my ferocious girl, are embracing the madness. Lean into it, won't ya?
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|Who cares about fault? As my dad would say, ‘Blame is like your rear-end and reflection. Seeing either always leaves you looking back.’ I’m more worried about what’s in front of me. And right now . . . the view is all messed up.” ~ Ellia
Thomas Carlyle|All that mankind has done, thought, gained, or been; it is lying as in magic preservation in the pages of books.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|I may be clean cut on the outside, but make no mistake... I like to get very, very dirty when nobody's looking.
Bertolt Brecht|Whether it is the best of times or the worst of times, it is the only time we have. 
Kathleen Norris, The Virgin of Bennington|...the imagination works not so much through inspiration as through perseverance. One must slog through the false starts, spot the wrong words and hold out for the right ones, and above all, be vigilant about staying on the path of revision, no matter how uncomfortable or even painful the journey might become.
Wisława Szymborska|Loveless work, boring work, work valued only because others haven't got even that much, however loveless and boring--this is one of the harshest human miseries.
Frances "Baby" Houseman|Let them travel freely, from heart to lips.Feelings they are, don't cut them off at tips.
Sunday Adelaja|That's what lay behind the feud under way in the Republic: a battle between different noble family factions in a fight for power. Serving this side or the other was of no interest to Mathias. But the consequences of a Venice under the Pope's direct control weren't at all to his liking. His beloved books would be burned by ignorant, avid priests. Men like Malachia would win.It was the same old struggle. The same fight Gheorg had chosen, the same fight that might take him to Wittenberg. But he wouldn't clear the way for Alexander VI. With what little strength he possessed, even though he was nothing more than a pawn of a chessboard, that extended farther then he could see, Mathias would help those in power smash what had all the makings of a major plot, one designed to overturn the government in power in La Serenissima. And these thoughts allowed the monk to find the first answer to the many question with which he still felt burdened.He and the Borgias did NOT share the same Church.
Daniel Craig|My siblings and I were friends with the boys who would become our stepbrothers - we grew up on the same street. I feel very special to have these amazing people in my life and if we hadn't all moved into this big house together I think I would have missed out on that, because we would have drifted apart.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Ryujin Kenpo|. . as A martial arts teacher, we should never forget the first time we stepped onto the Dojo ground, remembering this, we will be better equipped to teach the next generation of Karate practitioners
Julie Kagawa, Legion|Donata Santori looked down at the dead body lying at her feet and thought, ‘Damn, that can’t be a good sign.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|from under the ground, from under the waters,they clutch at us, they clutch at us,we won’t let go.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Life was beautiful, but it was also painful. People fail, a few get up, but there’s never a guarantee that their second attempt will work out.
Ogwo David Emenike|Love springs from the inside. It is the immortal surge of passion, excitement, energy, power, strength, prosperity, recognition, respect, desire, determination, enthusiasm, confidence, courage, and vitality, that nourishes, extends and protects. It possesses an external objective - life.
Marianne Williamson, Tears to Triumph: The Spiritual Journey from Suffering to Enlightenment|How odd that we spend so much time treating the darkness, and so little time seeking the light. The ego loves to glorify itself by self-analysis, yet we do not get rid of darkness by hitting it with a baseball bat. We only get rid of darkness by turning on the light.
Megan Hietala|Victoria's got her secrets. Hey, so do I!
Stig Åvall Severinsen, Breatheology|Both the teardrop and the tempest are made of water, making it the most yielding and most destructive force on Earth.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|when you betray to someone , first you betray to yourself, who speak somewhere inside you that you are a good human
Jacques Barzun|We must have a better word than "prefabricated"  why not "ready-made"?
William Lane Craig|So whom does God wrong in commanding the destruction of the Canaanites? Not the Canaanite adults, for they were corrupt and deserving of judgment. Not the children, for they inherit eternal life. So who is wronged? Ironically, I think the most difficult part of this whole debate is the apparent wrong done to the Israeli soldiers themselves. Can you imagine what it would be like to have to break into some house and kill a terrified woman and her children? The brutalising effect on these Israeli soldiers is disturbing.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|They had met at a club fifteen years before, Etta and Magnus. He had convinced her to dance with him, and she said she had been in love by the end of the song. He told her he had been in love before the beginning.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|I'm Dr. Canton. As you know, most of the population has been wiped out by an unknown virus. Now that an acceptable waiting period has passed since the last known case, it's time for you to fulfill your purpose...."	"You will take the van behind me to the next rendezvous point in St. Louis, Missouri. ...	"Each of you has been trained for a specific function during your time here. Your survival will depend on it.
Jack Dempsey|But you've reached them, and I've always wanted to reach people. I'm the first one to say I love my fans because they love that I took a chance.
Dianna Hardy, Summer's End|We were immortal, did you know that? Did you feel it like me? We had the world at our feet and we were going to live forever. Then came life – growing inside you – and I became mortal.
Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society|Those who fight against God's people are fighting against God, and fighters against God will not prevail.
Rictor Norton, The Myth Of The Modern Homosexual: Queer History And The Search For Cultural Unity|Because what she disliked in men was not their eroticism, but their assumption that women had none. Which left women with nothing to be but housemaids.
Claire Cook, Summer Blowout|However, for all his affection and loyalty towards the animal, the dog would soon be leaving him - they would both be present at a celebratory dinner when they reached the roof, he reflected with a touch of gallows-humour, but the poodle would be in the pot.
Rosie Pugh|I had never seen the view at this time before, at the very pinnacle of night when sunset was far behind us and dawn had not yet risen rosy-fingered from the horizon. The night was ashen, tones of granite and iron and heather in the ripples of the waves, which were calmer than earlier in the day. It was as if even the ocean was drowsy – a pale, weighty moon hung full and pregnant in the sky, its reflection floating lambent on the water.
Chien-Shiung Wu|I looked for it [heavy hydrogen, deuterium] because I thought it should exist. I didn't know it would have industrial applications or be the basic for the most powerful weapon ever known [the nuclear bomb] ... I thought maybe my discovery might have the practical value of, say, neon in neon s
Stephen Richards|When you unfold your spirit, you unfold your dream.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I'm really not up for answering any questions that start with how, when, where, why or what.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|I hid my wound under my clothes. Nobody could see it, including myself, and I completely forgot about it. Then I met someone who, filled with love, held me tight in that point. The pain was devastating, and I hated him, o how much I hated him, the cause of all my suffering. Then I met someone, beautifully dressed, and I loved him so much, holding him tight with all my passion. And he suffered badly, and he hated me, o how much he hated me, the cause of all his pain. So the story went on till I met someone who undressed himself, standing completely naked, with all his horrible wounds. Hence I also undressed, and I saw my horrible wounds, which he could also see. Then...
Ian Fleming, Goldfinger|Nobody, she felt, understood her--not her mother, not her father, not her sister or brother, none of the girls or boys at school, nadie--except her man.
Na, I'll Be Seeing You|We don't need to have the answers. We'll never have them. They'll come and go and change. And all we can do is figure out the best way to behave when life comes at us. Even if society says it isn't right. Right is so subjective, after all.
Philip Pullman|I think it's perfectly possible to explain how the universe came about without bringing God into it, but I don't know everything, and there may well be a God somewhere, hiding away. Actually, if he is keeping out of sight, it's because he's ashamed of his followers and all the cruelty and ignorance they're responsible for promoting in his name. If I were him, I'd want nothing to do with them.
S.C. Stephens, Reckless|If only, if only, the moon speaks no reply;Reflecting the sun and all that's gone by.Be strong my weary wolf, turn around boldly.Fly high, my baby bird,My angel, my only
Ken Follett, Winter of the World|I think there are two kinds of marriage," Ethel said thoughtfully. "One is a comfortable partnership, where two people share the same hopes and fears, raise children as a team, and give each other comfort and help." She was talking about herself and Bernie, Daisy realized. "The other is a wild passion, madness and joy and sex, possibly with someone completely unsuitable, maybe someone you don't admire or don't even really like." She was thinking about her affair with Fitz, Daisy felt sure. She held her breath: she knew Ethel was now telling her the raw truth. "I've been lucky. I've had both," Ethel said. "And here's my advice to you. If you get the chance of the mad kind of love, grab it with both hands, and to hell with the consequences.
Cassi Clark, Breastfeeding Is a Bitch: But We Lovingly Do it Anyway|No mother is ever, completely, a child's idea of what a mother should be, and I suppose it works the other way around as well. But despite everything, we didn't do too badly by one another, we did as well as most.I wish she were here, so I could tell her I finally know this.
Gene Robinson|At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve.
Napoleon Bonaparte|We don't even know how strong we are until we are forced to bring that hidden strength forward. In times of tragedy, of war, of necessity, people do amazing things. The human capacity for survival and renewal is awesome.
Kelly Link, Magic for Beginners|Oatmeal Face, Jawless, and the other revenants dragged me out of the van by the zip tie between my hands. The sharp plastic bit painfully into my wrists."All right, all right, I'm coming," I said. "Keep your faces on."There was no reaction from any of them. Humor was wasted on the dead.
Saint Patrick|When I came to faith, I was on pro-choice boards, and I dropped off of those because you couldn't read the Bible and be pro-choice.
Waseem Kanjo|the things common to all men are more important than the things peculiar to any men. Ordinary things are more valuable than extraordinary things; nay, they are more extraordinary. Man is something more awful than men; something more strange. The sense of the miracle of humanity itself should be always more vivid to us than any marvels of power, intellect, art, or civilization. The mere man on two legs, as such, should be felt as something more heartbreaking than any music and more startling than any caricature. Death is more tragic even than death by starvation. Having a nose is more comic even than having a Norman nose.This is the first principle of democracy: that the essential things in men are the things they hold in common, not the things they hold separately. And the second principle is merely this: that the political instinct or desire is one of these things which they hold in common. Falling in love is more poetical than dropping into poetry. The democratic contention is that government (helping to rule the tribe) is a thing like falling in love, and not a thing like dropping into poetry. It is not something analogous to playing the church organ, painting on vellum, discovering the North Pole (that insidious habit), looping the loop, being Astronomer Royal, and so on. For these things we do not wish a man to do at all unless he does them well. It is, on the contrary, a thing analogous to writing one's own love-letters or blowing one's own nose. These things we want a man to do for himself, even if he does them badly.
Nikki Rowe|i was lieing to myself when I thought I was lost, I have never been lost - I just wasn't ready to be found.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|I can’t do nothing for you either, Billy. You know that. None of us can. You got to understand that as soon as a man goes to help somebody, he leaves himself wide open. He has to be cagey, Billy, you should know that as well as anyone. What could I do? I can’t fix your stuttering. I can’t wipe the razorblade scars off your wrists or the cigarette burns off the back of your hands. I can’t give you a new mother. And as far as the nurse riding you like this, rubbing your nose in your weakness till what little dignity you got left is gone and you shrink up to nothing from humiliation, I can’t do anything about that, either.
Thomas Jefferson|If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Kim Elizabeth|If you want to have a life that is worth living, a life that expresses your deepest feelings and emotions and cares and dreams, you have to fight for it.
David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|My pride shut me up, my hurt shut me down, and together they ganged up on my hope and let her get away.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One-third of Matthew . . . one-third of Mark . . . one-fourth of Luke, and one-half of John are given to [Christ’s] death . . .Jesus came for the express purpose of dying for sinners. When He left heaven, He knew He was going to the cross.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls|I'm not feisty. But when you're as small as I am and female if you don't stand up for your rights, you're sure to be pushed around by big, hairy, smelly men with delusions about male superiority.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we listen, we shall learn.
Jared Singer|Never make a person feel, that he/she is very (extra) special.. Cause, then that person starts feeling that 'You' are not worth him/her.
Hussein of Jordan|What comes out when life squeezes you? When someone hurts or offends you? If anger, pain and fear come out of you, it's because that's what's inside.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|So why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me. Had I really succeeded at anything else, I might never have found the determination to succeed in the one arena I believed I truly belonged. I was set free, because my greatest fear had been realised, and I was still alive, and I still had a daughter whom I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|If poverty defines greatness, then become the poorest person on earth, in terms of weakness and bigotry. And if wealth defines glory, then become the wealthiest person on earth, in terms of courage, confidence and reasoning.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|They are like fucking roaches," Darius grumbled."The more you kill,the more you find.
Jo Victor, Romance by the Book|Back to reality, after a brief but pleasant dream.
Anonymous|An atheist's response to a creationist asking 'what if' there was a God,That would be quite an unsettling thought.
Frederick Buechner, Listening to Your Life: Daily Meditations with Frederick Buechner|If we are a people who pray, darkness is apt to be a lot of what our prayers are about. If we are people who do not pray, it is apt to be darkness in one form or another that has stopped our mouths.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Under her thick pancake makeup, her skin had been pockmarked, but he would stare at her adoringly from his cot at night and imagine her scars were constellations, a secret map to a far-off, happy place.
Steve Siebold|Average people have a world view that says being comfortable with who and where they are in life is the key to happiness. The great ones have a world view that says happiness is learning, growing and becoming.
