Ben Brantley|If it's a romantic holiday, the only thing I need is my wife. We love quiet and calm places where we can't be disturbed. Neither of us likes being in busy places; we would much rather stay in our hotel room and enjoy each other's company.
Gretchen Rubin|However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Jeffrey Kluger|There's a very real possibility in this industry of going out and leading your life and then going home and being a voyeur of your own life. You can literally go watch yourself - where you went last night, what you did, what the things that people presuppose about you. It's kind of crazy.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|Men come and go, but best friends are irreplaceable.
Keith Richards, Life|There's something beautifully friendly and elevating about a bunch of guys playing music together. This wonderful little world that is unassailable. It's really teamwork, one guy supporting the others, and it's all for one purpose, and there's no flies in the ointment, for a while. And nobody conducting, it's all up to you. It's really jazz__that's the big secret. Rock and roll ain't nothing but jazz with a hard backbeat.
Tony Tulathimutte, Private Citizens|He wrote arguments for and against life; he began to think the slowest and most painful form of suicide was living, running the whole decathlon of suffering, no breather or bottled water. Fear of dying was irrational. Death was utilitarian. Decrease in net resource consumption and planetary suffering. Increase in net comedy. There was no afterlife but there was a right-before-death, and medical research said it was loopy and nice, all white lights and gentle voices. With booze it wasn't even scary. Some people with terrible lives didn't kill themselves, but that didn't mean they shouldn't. Most people weren't alive and didn't mind. You couldn't regret it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Impression, not oppression determines the real life of a real person.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear is not respect. It is but a conniving, little weasel next to that mighty lion. They are a far, far cry from the same animal.
Benjamin Franklin|Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Love is on every side, and no one's side. Don't ask what Love can do for you.
Dan Brown, Connect Bible Studies: The Da Vinci Code|The greatest story ever told is, in fact, the greatest story ever sold
Arlin Sailesh Kapadia|Water on earth came from space. Everything which is there was once upon a time not there and everything which is there shall return again to wherever they come from! When you see a beautiful ocean, or beautiful anything, remember this and appreciate them well!
Kahil Gibran|Should you care to write (and only the saints know why you should) you must needs have knowledge and art and magic - the knowledge of the music of words, the art of being artless, and the magic of loving your readers.
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|What I've learnt - to my cost - on several occasions in my life, is that people will put up with all manner of bad behaviour so long as you're giving them what they want. They'll laugh and get into it and enjoy the anecdotes and the craziness and the mayhem as long as you're going your job well, but the minute you're not, you're fucked. They'll wipe their hands of you without a second glance.
Thomas de Quincey|It is easy to do good, but it takes a lifetime to become human!
Jean Piaget|Compassion may be defined as the capacity to be attentive to the experience of others, to wish the best for others, and to sense what will truly serve others.
John Green|What I love about the sculpture is that it makes the bones that we are always walking and playing on manifest, like in a world that so often denies the reality of death and the reality that we are surrounded by and outnumbered by the dead. Here, is a very playful way of acknowledging that and acknowledging that and that always, whenever we play, whenever we live, we are living in both literal and metaphorical ways on the memory and bones of the dead.
Benedict J. Groeschel|They said I would never live. I lived. They said I would never think. I think. They said I would never walk. I walked. They said I would never dance, but I never danced anyway.
Michael Korda|In today's social business marketplace Facebook is one of the best places for nonprofits to be discovered and connect with a larger audience on the basis of shared values. So to get started, a non-profit should launch a Facebook page and invite your existing real world community to connect your cause and their networks.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|It seems to me, that no matter what we do, no matter what choices we make, there isn’t a happy ending waiting for us at the end of the long road.”“But that doesn’t mean we give up. It doesn’t mean we stop fighting.
Lisa See, Peony in Love|How can the moon be scooped from the water's surface, or flowers be plucked from the void?
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Because leaders and influential people are just as human as any other person, they sometimes forget that by doing little extra things to become extraordinary means they no longer have a completely private life. You must be willing to pay this price because if you don’t, the consequences can be more disastrous. Learn to plan and be deliberate in also ensuring you and your family can still enjoy quality private moments.
Ansel Elgort|It turns out that a husband who does the laundry, it's very romantic when you're older. And it's hard to believe when you're younger. But it's absolutely true.
Seth Godin|The thing is, incremental daily progress (negative or positive) is what actually causes transformation. A figurative drip, drip, drip. Showing up, every single day, gaining in strength, organizing for the long haul, building connection, laying track — this subtle but difficult work is how culture changes.
Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters|How I wished during those sleepless hours that I belonged to a different nation, or better still, to none at all.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists|I should say we’d reach England by Tuesday or thereabouts, with a decent wind behind us. It would be a lot quicker than that if we could just sail straight there, but I was looking at the nautical charts, and there’s a dirty great sea serpent right in the middle of the ocean! It has a horrible gaping maw and one of those scaly tails that looks like it could snap a boat clean in two. So I thought it best to sail around that.’FitzRoy frowned. ‘I think they just draw those on maps to add a bit of decoration. It doesn’t actually mean there’s a sea serpent there.’The galley went rather quiet. A few of the pirate crew stared intently out of the portholes, embarrassed at their Captain’s mistake. But to everyone’s relief, instead of running somebody through, the Pirate Captain just narrowed his eyes thoughtfully.That explains a lot,’ he said. ‘I suppose it’s also why we’ve never glimpsed that giant compass in the corner of the Atlantic. I have to say, I’m a little disappointed.
Rhoda Janzen|When you're young, faith is often a matter of rules. What you should do and shouldn't do, that kind of thing. But as you get older, you realize that faith is really a matter of relationship - with God, with the people around you, with the members of your community.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|The work of God does not mean so much man's work for God, as God's own work through man.
Edward Humes|Locking everyone up is not the solution,' she sighs, staring into a cup of coffee gone cold as The Box at Juvenile Hall. 'It's just the symptom of the problem. It's the proof that we're doing something wrong.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|In writing these poems about relatives, I found it almost impossible to write about the mother. I was stuck. My feelings about my mother, you see, must be too complicated to easily flow into words.
Debasish Mridha|If you like to live an abundant life, express joy and gratitude for what you have.
George MacDonald, At the Back of the North Wind|It is a hard thing for a rich man to grow poor; but it is an awful thing for him to grow dishonest, and some kinds of speculation lead a man deep into dishonesty before he thinks what he is about. Poverty will not make a man worthless—he may be of worth a great deal more when he is poor than he was when he was rich; but dishonesty goes very far indeed to make a man of no value—a thing to be thrown out in the dust-hole of the creation, like a bit of broken basin, or dirty rag.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|We are bidden to 'put on Christ', to become like God. That is, whether we like it or not, God intends to give us what we need, not what we now think we want. Once more, we are embarrassed by the intolerable compliment, by too much love, not too little.
Gugu Mona|Never make a judgment on a one sided story because people may tell you what they want you to hear, rather than what you need to hear.
Tobias Wade, The First Man: An Enlightened Journey|How many rivers do we have to cross,Before we can talk to the boss?
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|...it will be a world made not bright but brighter, not clean but cleaner.
Astro Teller|I've always worked on my own home and different places that I've owned. I really enjoyed it. But I'm a mechanic, a motorcycle and car builder.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Being put in our place by something larger, older, greater than ourselves is not a humiliation; it should be accepted as a relief from our insanely hopeful ambitions for our lives.
Richard E. Leakey|This view, as a rounded whole and in all its essential elements, has very recently disappeared from science. It died a royal death with Agassiz.[It had formerly been held that there were no genetic connections among species.]
Louise Hay|I grew up with absolutely no religion at all, and it was probably one of the best things that happened to me. I didn't have to unlearn anything.
Debasish Mridha|Most of us are living in a prison of our fixed, false beliefs and never try to find the door to get out to see and feel the beauty of life, even when the door is wide open and welcoming.
Jan Jansen|Sacrifice is not an option, or an anachronism; it´s a fact of life. We all cut off our own limbs to burn on some altar. The crucial thing is to choose an altar that is worth it and a limb you can accept losing.
Elizabeth Berg|The look on his face made me want to die. It confirmed every mean and low thing I'd ever thought about myself, the stuff you hope and pray no one will ever know about you. Because if they knew, they would see the real you, and they would despise you.
Jupiter Hammon|For it pleased God, after he had made all things by the word of his power, to create man after his own image.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|Rose, the moon is incredible. Everything down on Earth relies on it. Rats jump for it. Tides rush out from it. Humans kiss under it. Without it there'd be nothing down there worth the light. And that just happened by chance -trillions of odd against it- one bit of stardust meets another bit of dust.
Eraldo Banovac|Many books describe different problem solving techniques, but solving complicated problems in reality is not so easy.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|Samantha imagined that in another life, she and Alison could have, indeed, been friends.	Had she not been about to rob the train.
Naomi Novik, Victory of Eagles|He taunted me, "Pony boy, pony boy," because I liked ponies. Pony boy. He always came to vent his anger of dragons on me. They must really like us. They hide behind their Wasp Queen and pretend to hate us dragons, but in truth they love us. Why else would they bother with fucking us? That sentence probably turned you off. Thing is, I'm a very vulgar boy.-Chance Karrucci (the Sweet Dragon)
mohsmustafa|It was raining when Rahel came back to Ayemenem. Slanting silver ropes slammed into loose earth, plowing it up like gunfire. The old house on the hill wore its steep, gabled roof pulled over its ears like a low hat.
Jamaica Kincaid, Annie John|I began to feel alternately too big and too small. First, I grew so big that I took up the whole street; then I grew so small that nobody could see me — not even if I cried out.
François Du Toit, The Mirror Bible|Peace is a place of unhindered enjoyment of friendship beyond guilt, suspicion, blame of inferiority
Danielle Allen|The opportunity to tell our story unhindered, uninterrupted is rare. Most of the time people are so involved in their own concerns they do not listen with complete attention. It can be quite startling, therefore, to feel another person fully attending to you, present with you and for you, setting their own struggles aside in order to be available to God an dyou. Sometimes this is wonderfully freeing and at other times it is paralyzing. We find ourselves listening to ourselves, weighing our words, and considering if we speak authentically or frivolously. ... But telling our spiritual director is often a pure gift. As we spekk we begin to see connections that were hidden. Insights arise or our perspective about circumstances or ourselves may shift. There are Divine and human affirmations and confirmations. Sometimes the words we needed to hear come from our own lips. ...Interior developments arise out of silence that are beyond our clear view. We just know that something has moved or changed and that God is active...The opportunity to tell our story opens us to hear God's story more deeply - God's presence and participation in our lives and in the life of the world. In God all human stories connect and when we participate in spiritual direction, we seem to notice more of the connections.
Seneca|Love sometimes injures. Friendship always benefits, After friendship is formed you must trust, but before that you must judge.
Joe Jonas|I went to dance class as a girl because I didn't like sports, but I never did a dance recital in my life. Never, ever, ever. I felt comfortable dancing, and I was happiest dancing, but I was never the best person in the class.
Katie Kitamura, A Separation|In times of sorrow, be still.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|If you fight yourself, you will lose, and fighting leaves scares.
Kailash Satyarthi|I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible.
Sophocles|The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own.
Sharon Bayliss, Destruction|The darkness was the foundation that everything else was built on. The garden where the universe grew. The simplest, most basic thing in existence. And it was spectacular.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|The power of thought is the light of knowledge, the power of will is the energy of character, the power of heart is love. Reason, love and power of will are perfections of man.
Clive Barker, Abarat|Perhaps a wiser eye than hers would be able to read tomorrow in tonight's stars, but where was the fun in that? It was better not to know. Better to be alive in the Here and the Now--in this bright, laughing moment--and let the Hours to come take care of themselves.
Debasish Mridha|Smile, just because you're alive and enjoying the magic of life.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Why does anything cling to something? Maybe they love wherever they're going so much that it's worth it. Maybe they'll keep coming back, until there's only one star left. Maybe that one star will make the trip forever, out of the hope that someday—if it keeps coming back often enough—another star will find it again.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Yesterday night gave birthTo a song, spirited and sprightly;It made my soul sparkle too,And since then, I have been oh so lively!
Dave Eggers|When you're young, you can excuse many things, hoping they will strengthen with time.
Lauren Helms, Level Me Up|He wrapped his arms around me and planted a kiss straight on my lips, hard and long. It felt like I was watching the kiss instead of being inside of it.
Bruce Lee|Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|As a child, I used to wonder why markets in my locality were all situated near the main roads. I grew up a little to get the answer; " that business minded people can meet there easily!" Your dream must be situated where they can meet people!
Joan D. Chittister, The Liturgical Year: The Spiraling Adventure of the Spiritual Life - The Ancient Practices Series|Like a great waterwheel, the liturgical year goes on relentlessly irrigating our souls, softening the ground of our hearts, nourishing the soil of our lives until the seed of the Word of God itself begins to grow in us, comes to fruit in us, ripens in us the spiritual journey of a lifetime. So goes the liturgical year through all the days of our lives. /it concentrates us on the two great poles of the faith - the birth and death of Jesus of Nazareth. But as Christmas and Easter trace the life of Jesus for us from beginning to end, the liturgical year does even more: it also challenges our own life and vision and sense of meaning. Both a guide to greater spiritual maturity and a path to a deepened spiritual life, the liturgical year leads us through all the great questions of faith as it goes. It rehearses the dimensions of life over and over for us all the years of our days. It leads us back again and again to reflect on the great moments of the life of Jesus and so to apply them to our own ... As the liturgical year goes on every day of our lives, every season of every year, tracing the steps of Jesus from Bethlehem to Jerusalem, so does our own life move back and forth between our own beginnings and endings, between our own struggles and triumphs, between the rush of acclamation and the crush of abandonment. It is the link between Jesus and me, between this life and the next, between me and the world around me, that is the gift of the liturgical year. The meaning and message of the liturgical year is the bedrock on which we strike our own life's direction. Rooted in the Resurrection promise of the liturgical year, whatever the weight of our own pressures, we maintain the course. We trust in the future we cannot see and do only know because we have celebrated the death and resurrection of Jesus year after year. In His life we rest our own. ― Joan D. Chittister, The Liturgical Year: The Spiraling Adventure of the Spiritual Life - The Ancient Practices Series
Nawazuddin Siddiqui|I enjoy finding the right word and giving each its full measure, its full space in a sentence.
Barry Lyga|You and your scars. Please! You don't kill youself like this!" I gesture, holding a wrist turned up to the ceiling, then pretending to cut across it with my other hand. "That's just a cry for help. That's just attention. Everbody knows that. Cutting across just gets you to the hospital. That's just from movies and TV shows and stuff like that. You didn't really try to kill yourself. you just wanted attention, but you screwed up. Try harder next time.
Michelle Yeoh|I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt.
Richard Dawkins|Personally, I don't choose any particular religion or symbol or group of words or teachings to define me. That's between me and the most high. You know, my higher self. The Creator.
Peter Diamandis|There comes a moment on a journey when something sweet, something irresistible and charming as wine raised to thirsty lips, wells up in the traveller's being.
Thomas DePrima|There's a sameness to streetlife. On every world I've ever been, the same underlying patterns play out, flaunt and vaunt, buy and sell, like some distilled essence of human behavior seeping out from whatever clanking political machine has been dropped on it from above.
Virginia Graham, Consider the Years|Somewhere there must be women reading books,and talking of chicken rissoles to their cooks …(from,‘Somewhere in England’)
Toni Morrison|All of that art-for-art’s-sake stuff is BS,” she declares. “What are these people talking about? Are you really telling me that Shakespeare and Aeschylus weren’t writing about kings? All good art is political! There is none that isn’t. And the ones that try hard not to be political are political by saying, ‘We love the status quo.’ We’ve just dirtied the word ‘politics,’ made it sound like it’s unpatriotic or something.” Morrison laughs derisively. “That all started in the period of state art, when you had the communists and fascists running around doing this poster stuff, and the reaction was ‘No, no, no; there’s only aesthetics.’ My point is that is has to be both: beautiful and political at the same time. I’m not interested in art that is not in the world. And it’s not just the narrative, it’s not just the story; it’s the language and the structure and what’s going on behind it. Anybody can make up a story.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|But you're the only one, Scarlet. You'll always be the only one.
Angela Pippos, The Goddess Advantage|Polly had a gift for baking pies, and she poured her heart and soul into every one she made.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|I sing to you of many more gods, gods of wind and water, gods of each mineral and the events that created them. I sing to you of the gods of protons, of quarks, of atomic forces binding and holding. I sing to you of the god of the dust that flies off the ice-burned comet, and the god of the spaces in between. I sing to you of the god that twists like a serpent at the center of every sun and is found again coiled within every electron, shared by both and worshiped by each in its own way. I sing to you of the god that collects asteroids together in mockeries of his sister’s solar systems, jealous of his elder sibling’s power. I sing to you of all these, and many, many more." - Lupa, "The Forgotten Gods of Nature
Ivan Krastev|People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Transformation, on the other hand, is creating beauty from horror or destruction (or, for beginners, an actually pleasant evening with the usual family problems).
Patricia W. Fischer, Deep in My Heart|Sitting up, Jocelyn rolled her head from side to side. “Been better.” “Heard you’re a doctor now.” She grabbed the thermometer.“Yes, a veterinarian.”Placing her fist on her ample hip, Mia scoffed, “You go to that fancy school in Washington State and now you don’t eat meat?” “Good Lord! I’m not a vegetarian—
Junot Díaz, Drown|...I'm constantly agitated, restless - I work moments like worry beads until I see your face...
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|Pain is the feeling. Suffering is the effect the pain inflicts. If one can endure pain, one can live without suffering. If one can withstand pain, one can withstand anything. If one can learn to control pain, one can learn to control oneself. 
Jason Daniel Chaplin|By dint of saying that I'm not alive, I accept the fact that people cease to regard me.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|Either we live by accident and die by accident, or we live by plan and die by plan.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Pet, I give you permission to be as vocal as you wish, because I am going to blow your mind in a few minutes and I want to hear how much you enjoy the ride.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Laziness is when your sleep overcomes your passion, not under the influence of drugs but under the control of excuses and procrastination!
Alexander Pope|I always want to be a messenger, a person that, you know, that's not afraid to pass on wisdom.
Justin Young|Each of us have been born with the potential for greatness. We are equals. That doesn't mean we are born into equal circumstances, or have equal skills. What we do have in common, though, is the ability to apply ourselves to achieving that which we desire.
Gloria Burgess, Dare to Wear Your Soul on the Outside: Live Your Legacy Now|For some, the universe ends at the borders of their villages; even for others, at the threshold of their home doors.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Hatred is a burden that can hunt you day by day, robbing you off your personal joy in broad day light.
Maya Angelou|Yeah. I mean, it just seemed to me that it was - I felt so helpless to this business of not having any papers. That seems like a throwback to a schoolboy.
Henry V. O'Neil, Orphan Brigade|Malaria prevention and eradication should be inspired by General George Patton’s advice: “A good plan executed violently today is better than a perfect plan in a week.” In this war of attrition, millions of people will be lost while waiting on researchers to finally emerge triumphant from their labs with the perfect malaria cure; yet meanwhile, there are plenty of time-proven, practical actions that individuals, families and communities can do today with what is already in hand that can decisively defeat malaria transmission if applied with vigor and disciplined consistency.
Jill Shalvis|Any real, beautiful thing in this world shouldn't be tamed or claimed or broken. It should be allowed to be, worked with, not against, appreciated. Don't be afraid of the wild she has left. It makes her special." - Cowboy McKennon Kelly to Cowgirl in Training Devon Brooke.
Bhagat Singh|You see, I am a poet, and not quite right in the head, darling. It’s only that.
Jen Wilkin, None Like Him: 10 Ways God Is Different from Us|For every natural law inherent in creation, there is the creator’s precision
Arthur Schopenhauer|The most perfect and satisfactory knowledge is that of perception but this is limited to the absolutely particular, to the individual. The comprehension of the many and the various into *one* representation is possible only through the *concept*, in other words, by omitting the differences; consequently, the concept is a very imperfect way of representing things. The particular, of course, can also be apprehended immediately as a universal, namely when it is raised to the (Platonic) *Idea*; but in this process, which I have analysed in the third book, the intellect passes beyond the limits of individuality and therefore of time; moreover, this is only an exception.These inner and essential imperfections of the intellect are further increased by a disturbance to some extent external to it but yet inevitable, namely, the influence that the *will* exerts on all its operations, as soon as that will is in any way concerned in their result. Every passion, in fact every inclination or disinclination, tinges the objects of knowledge with its colour. Most common of occurrence is the falsification of knowledge brought about by desire and hope, since they show us the scarcely possible in dazzling colours as probable and well-nigh certain, and render us almost incapable of comprehending what is opposed to it. Fear acts in a similar way; every preconceived opinion, every partiality, and, as I have said, every interest, every emotion, and every predilection of the will act in an analogous manner.Finally, to all these imperfections of the intellect we must also add the fact that it grows old with the brain; in other words, like all physiological functions, it loses its energy in later years; in this way all its imperfections are then greatly increased.”—from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne in two volumes: volume II, pp. 139-141
Henry Ford|The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
Donald Norman|The principle of the design - the harmony, rhythm and balance are all the same with interior and fashion design.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|She smiled as she poured tea into his cup. “I hope you find your rooms comfortable?”“Quite.” He took a too-hasty sip of tea and scalded his tongue.“The view is to your liking?”He had a view of a brick wall. “Indeed.”She fluttered her eyelashes at him over the rim of her teacup. “And the bed. Is it soft and… yielding?”He nearly choked on the bite of cake he’d just taken.“Or do you prefer a firmer bed?” she asked sweetly. “One that refuses to yield too soon?”“I think”—he narrowed his eyes at her—“whatever mattress I have on the bed you gave me is perfect. But tell me, my lady, what sort of mattress do you prefer? All soft goose down or one that’s a bit… harder?”It was very fast, but he saw it: Her gaze flashed down to the juncture of his thighs and then up again. If there hadn’t been anything to see there before, there certainly was now.“Oh, I like a nice stiff mattress,” she purred. “Well warmed and ready for a long ride.
Krista Tippett, Speaking of Faith|For every shrill and violent voice that throws itself in front of microphones and cameras in the name of God, there are countless lives of gentleness and good works who will not. We need to see and hear them, as well, to understand the whole story of religion in our world.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|The camaraderie that firefighters have, that brotherhood that forms among them - my father was a part of that, and it came from having a shared sense of purpose. He told me that whatever you do in life, it can't just be about making money. It's important that you work to make the world a better place, that you help improve the lives of the people around you.
John Ruskin|Age shouldn't affect you. It's just like the size of your shoes - they don't determine how you live your life! You're either marvellous or you're boring, regardless of your age.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to know how the heart is related to the soul, love someone.
Daniel Hays, On Whale Island: Notes from a Place I Never Meant to Leave|When I sit up I am greeted by the world. Level with the treetops I look down on sparrows swooping in and out of the branches. The tide, the new rising moon, the clouds, the wind - these greet me. These are my allies. The whole planet is laid out before me and available for whatever adventure the day will take me on. By comparison, living in society seems to require an alarm clock. Primarily assembled from angst and fish anuses, these contraptions, regardless of your soul's whereabouts, will slap and assault you into a pitiful state of what passes for consciousness. Your first sight is the Time, an arragement of molecules on the clock's face to whom you will be enslaved for the rest of the day. You may as well call him "master." Next, a pile of dirty clothes on the floor, a knocked-over glass of water, and so forth, until you are so overwhelmed with despair that to prevent hurling yourself through the window, you must ignore your personal bill of rights, put on an acceptable frown, and go about your business, disregarding the pleas from you increasingly timid soul.
Abby Wambach|I have always thought you could take the measure of a man by his sports manners - that is to say, the way in which he conducts himself on the playing field, or even over a game of chess or cards.
Alexandra Fuller, Scribbling the Cat|Walking through a deserted city in the hours before dawn is sobering way beyond the undoing of the effects of alcohol. Every thing is familiar, and everything is strange. It's as if you are the only survivor of some mysterious calamity which has emptied the place of its population, and yet you know that behind the shuttered and curtained windows people lie sleeping in their tens of thousands, and all their joys and disasters lie sleeping too. It makes you think of your own life, usually suspended at that hour, and how you are passing through it as if in a dream. Reality seems very unreal.
Walter de la Mare, Peacock Pie|A poor old Widow in her weedsSowed her garden with wild-flower seeds;Not too shallow, and not too deep,And down came April -- drip -- drip -- drip.Up shone May, like gold, and soonGreen as an arbour grew leafy June.And now all summer she sits and sewsWhere willow herb, comfrey, bugloss blows,Teasle and pansy, meadowsweet,Campion, toadflax, and rough hawksbit;Brown bee orchis, and Peals of Bells;Clover, burnet, and thyme she smells;Like Oberon's meadows her garden isDrowsy from dawn to dusk with bees.Weeps she never, but sometimes sighs,And peeps at her garden with bright brown eyes;And all she has is all she needs --A poor Old Widow in her weeds.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|The man ticked all of her boxes. Compassionate, kind, thoughtful. But he was alpha as fuck on a rugby field. And in the bedroom. Or on a balcony. Or in front of a mirror. Or up against a wall. She really should walk away. Now. Right now. Hell, she should run.
Jack Dee|What would be better, that people build big houses thinking that they'll make capital gains or that they send their children to medical school and they do research on curing diseases? When you put it that way, it seems obvious. There has developed a sense of personal worth that's tied to one's house.
Kaley Cuoco|I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.
Michelle Huneven, Blame|To find love is the great human undertaking...and it's always complicated by our compulsions and unconscious patterns, to say nothing of issues of trust and control.
Jane Yolen|And at twelve, heading for adulthood, a child fears that the way she is at that moment is all she's ever going to be.
Keira D. Skye|But it hadn't just been Sebastian who had been watching me. Rather, it had been tribes of merman and mermaids, who had been curious about this newcomer in town that could outswim any school of small fish.
Kathleen Norris|When I was a child, it was a matter of pride that I could plow through a Nancy Drew story in one afternoon, and begin another in the evening. . . . I was probably trying to impress the librarians who kept me supplied with books.
Baba Tunde Ojo-Olubiyo|In birth all things are kindred, the sounds me make universal to any species. We enter wailing of a lost world.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Wall|I said to myself, 'I want to die decently'.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|As I said earlier it is most surprising that the kingdom of then world should have come under the sway of a species of monkey, and there is reason to suppose that there were other claimants to the throne. ("The Shadmock")
Naima Simone, Killer Curves|I woke to find the sun streaming through the bedroom window. Looking up with one eye opened and the other still closed, I saw that Luca was awake, lying on one side and looking down on me. “Good morning. Do you want to talk Adriana?”“No, I just want to fuck. Oh, good morning by the way.”“For a prospective sub you are becoming a little demanding.”“Sorry, am I not supposed to want sex?”“There’s absolutely nothing wrong with you wanting sex, in fact it is a condition of you being here in bed with me. It’s just that a good little sub waits to be asked.”“Sorry. Then of course I will withdraw that demand and lie here to await your pleasure.”“Good, a fast learner, that’s what I like.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|When he kisses me, I cry. I explain it's not because I wish he were someone else, it's because it's such a shock to the system to be desired after feeling so completely abandoned.
Ajeet Sharma, Three Marketeers|A business is like an automobile. Its people its wheels, their passion its fuel.
Paul Robeson|That was the fun of acting, being a blank canvas you could transform into the character - Indian princess, 20s vamp, Mother Courage, Oxford don, 94-year-old wife.
Debasish Mridha|To strengthen your power of love,Love those who do not deserve your love.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|The Jews are known for their perseverance and this is what helps them achieve their goals. Perseverance means continuous persistence in a course of action, a purpose, in spite of difficulties, obstacles, or discouragement.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|But it is impossible to go through life without trust; that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan|DJs are in incredible competition, musically. And they are the most musically creative and sensitive people in all the music charts. I am amazed how they are.
Cole Swindell|Tony Benn and I were very close, very close friends for 30, 40 years. We talked to each other a great deal, and we were great friends. And I was with him shortly before he died, talking about prospects of the world and prospects for peace. And I'm very sad that he's gone.
JV Connors|This MomentThis straining, messy, awful,moment in time Is perfect. Push aside your agenda for a second and you’ll find perfection bursting out of its confines.This moment brings truth,illuminates weaknesses,and builds power and wisdomto make us stronger.There are numerous signs, here and now,that teach so profoundly,that validate the strengths we hold inside,that let us know who we really loveand what we need to say.If we can make ourselves look at these signs,at the whole picture, at how it fits together, at where our path is leading, we might discover how to turn our direction,So this moment can rise upriding a cloud of joy,and heal.
Sue Grafton, V is for Vengeance|Why was I standing on the street when the window feel out of the building? Why did the bus run over me? Because it was my turn in the barrel, that's why.
Saud Alsanousi|When there is a gap—between your face and your race, between the baby and the mother, between your body and yourself—you are expected, everywhere you go, to explain the gap.
George Santayana|My story, I feel like it's amazing, because it shows people no matter where you come from, no matter what your lifestyle is, your dreams could still come true if you believe in yourself and push hard to do what you want to do.
Mo Hayder, Hanging Hill|Do you guys ever reach the point of drunkenness where you're so drunk you're like "I better keep drinking to sober up" and then you're like "you know, I recognise that that is not how it works. But...
A.E. Samaan, H.H. Laughlin: American Scientist, American Progressive, Nazi Collaborator|You confused your father with God. You never saw him as a man with a man’s heart, and a man’s failings – I’ll grant you it may have been hard to see, he makes so few mistakes, but he makes ’em like all of us. You were an emotional cripple, leaning on him, getting answers from him, assuming that your answers would always be his answers.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|I am writing this on a computer that I can’t imagine living without. This is an alarming thought, the extent to which I have organised my life around a metal box full of wires (and, via the Internet, to many other metal boxes full of wires). Someone told me most of the Internet is stored in a warehouse somewhere in North Carolina. I don’t know enough about technology to gauge if this is true, but it made me realise how little I actually understand about the world I inhabit. The world of Dr Wong’s childhood was significantly smaller than mine, but he understood every square inch of it.
Charlie Sheen|Nothing succeeds like success. Get a little success, and then just get a little more.
Toby Joyce, Andre's Side of the Story|Andre had never mastered the art of ironing. He usually ironed more wrinkles in than out. Pistols, knives, and explosives he could handle, but put a hot iron in his hands and chances were that he’d get hurt.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|A healthy and ideal system of education would be where a teacher would patiently impart knowledge, instead of curriculum, upon the students, only after assessing their acceptability – where a student would acquire knowledge in order to learn, not to earn – where the parents would be willing to make necessary sacrifices in order to adorn their child with curiosity and thereafter nourish that curiosity, regardless of how absurdly impractical it becomes to the eyes of the society.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|A great book is one, which really don’t finish when it finishes.
Gena Showalter, The Vampire's Bride|I didn't ask you to give up anything for me," she told him, "but I would have given up everything for you." The war is over, and I have lost. War. Ha! As if she could have fought a dead woman. The battle had been over before it began. "Until the end of forever, Layel." -DELILAH
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Good description is a learned skill, one of the prime reasons why you cannot succeed unless you read a lot and write a lot. It’s not just a question of how-to, you see; it’s also a question of how much to. Reading will help you answer how much, and only reams of writing will help you with the how. You can learn only by doing.
|Being in a relationship is a wonderful thing when rightly approached, but lately it has become a nightmare for a lot of people due to the fact that they think with their hearts and not with their brains.
George Clooney|'Ali' offers stunning re-creations of bouts Ali fought. In the second Liston fight, the auditorium is underlighted and clouded with fetid cigar smoke, which was why the famous picture of a snarling Ali standing over Liston was so dramatic; indoor arenas are now bright enough to be spotted from Alpha Centauri.
Nikos Kazantsakis, Zorba, El Griego|In religion our only hope is to live a life good enough to require God to bless us, so every instance of sin and repentance is therefore traumatic, unnatural and threatening. Only under great duress do religious people admit they have sinned, because their only hope is their moral goodness. In the gospel the knowledge of our acceptance in Christ makes it easier to admit that we are flawed, because we know we won't be cast off if we confess the true depths of our sinfulness. Our hope is in Christ's righteousness, not our own, so it is not as traumatic to admit our weaknesses and lapses.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|Winter came and the city [Chicago] turned monochrome -- black trees against gray sky above white earth. Night now fell in midafternoon, especially when the snowstorms rolled in, boundless prairie storms that set the sky close to the ground, the city lights reflected against the clouds
Carl Honore|I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow.
Paige Tyler, In the Company of Wolves|He grinned. "Some guys like to work on cars or do woodworking. I search for beautiful women who might want to bite me.
Kristen Kehoe, Dropping In|The woman who is liberated must never cross the line in which we ask men to examine their actions; we are a country built on the ideas, ingenuity, canniness, and downright brutality of man—to question their motives is to question our existence.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Not all slaves are poor, and not all free men are rich.
Thomas Davidson|Associate with noblest people you can find; read the best books; live with the mighty. But learn to be happy alone.  Rely upon your own energies, and so not wait for, or depend on other people.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|If you do not read and listen to the opposite ideas, you can always remain a stupid person! Opposite ideas, however contrary they may sound, are your greater chances on the way to truth!
Lourd de Veyra|I'm the girl who never gets angry and never wants anything, and that's why my family is still alive.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|I am not omniscient, but I know a lot.
Lauren Kelly, Blood Mask: A Novel of Suspense|No one in Cattaraugus had much idea of what an artist’ colony might be. “Art” itself was viewed with suspicion, scorn. There was the sense, as people like my mother conveyed it, of a fraud, a hustle. “Art” was putting something over on someone, the way politicians did. “Art” was a sorry excuse for not being productive, useful. “Art” was vanity, pretension.
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|I've been writing poems since I was sixteen. Back then, poems were an obvious release for all the frustrations and anxieties associated with adolescence. Mostly, they were a way for me to impress girls, even though I never remember any girls being impressed.
Patrick Lencioni|We are constituted so that simple acts of kindness, such as giving to charity or expressing gratitude, have a positive effect on our long-term moods. The key to the happy life, it seems, is the good life: a life with sustained relationships, challenging work, and connections to community.
Nichole Robertson, The Paris Journal: Book One|I'll pretty much try any cheese, but I have found that I prefer young goats and old cows. I don't like gray areas.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.
Jill Scott|You get to a point where the kind of beautiful chaos can't really fuel your creative existence any longer because it's not stable, however amazing and exciting it may be.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Offer it up personally,then. Right now. I thought of how many people go to their graves unforgiven and unforgiving. I thought of how many people have had siblings or friends or children or lovers disappear from their lives before precious words of clemency or absolution could be passed along. How do the survivors of terminated relationships ever endure the pain of unfinished business? From that place of meditation, I found the answer-you can finish the business yourself, from within yourself. It's not only possible, it's essential.
Edward St. Aubyn|I am a Christian, but my time in Iraq has convinced me that God doesn't want to hear from me anymore. I've done things that He can never forgive. I've done them consciously. I've made decisions I must live with for years to come. I am not a victim. In each instance, I heard my conscience call for restraint, I told it to shut the fuck up and let me handle my business. All the sins I've committed, I've done with one objective: to keep my men alive.
Amy Tintera, Rebel|You could've at least let me know you weren't dead by the way. I was actually kind of sad about that." "That's a pretty incredible sentiment, coming from you.
Tamora Pierce, Street Magic|Briar: "They never tell you some things. They tell you mages have wonderful power and they learn all kinds of secrets. Nobody ever mentions that some secrets you don't ever want to learn." Rosethorn: "All you can do is learn good to balance the bad. Learn and do all the good within your reach. Then, if you wake in a sweat, you have something to set against the dream.
Sameh Elsayed|When she tells you her problems she is not moaning, she trusts you.
Jesustibab|not all feeling of butterflies in the tummy means love, it might sometimes mean lust, fear, hunger e.t.c
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|It doesn't matter, the important thing is to fall asleep caressing the charm of an image. Because the last thing you think of before falling asleep must always be the most beautiful.
Auliq-Ice|A great Country is not the Country with a great population,but a Country with a great number of persons that believe in entrepreneurship.
Christie Purifoy, Roots and Sky: A Journey Home in Four Seasons|I'm home'', he said against her skin, and she realized it was the truth.''I'm home, too''.
Tim O'Reilly|With Skype video calling, teachers can provide their students with first-hand knowledge from experts around the world and with other classes who are studying the same subject halfway across the world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Our evolution depends on our memory. If we keep forgetting the mistakes of the past, only to keep repeating them, then we will never change. Humanity will never move forward, spiritually or morally, to become superior beings.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In a world full of game players, the only way to set yourself apart is to be a game changer.
Jeffery Deaver, Edge|Poverty is a mental virus, even if one could get a million, the mindset will always kick in.
Zarina Bibi|The day we serve humanity, as we serve our mothers, we shall find Allah.
George Ohsawa|Fed by plants, fed up with the world
Audrey Couloumbis, Lexie|I don't think I've ever heard you laugh. Ever. You face life like it's a warrior come to chop your head off, and you're just biding your time fretting until it does. Haven't you ever heard of the power of laughter?
Mitch Landrieu|Nothing about multiculturalism antagonized Rachel. She liked all kinds of food, clothing, cultural customs, and music. The one thing that held her aloof was a fear of offending through ignorance.
Michael G.  Williams, Wrapped In White: Thirteen Tales of Spectres, Ghosts, and Spirits|a detestable, viscous place populated by slugs
Susan Hubbard, The Society of S|Oceania is vast, Oceania is expanding, Oceania is hospitable and generous, Oceania is humanity rising from the depths of brine and regions of fire deeper still, Oceania is us. We are the sea, we are the ocean…
Al-Saadiq Banks, Block Party 3|Don't ya wanna hear the secret?' his eyes were narrow and mean, despite the glaze of rum. Louer drained his glass and slammed it to the bar. 'You get happy by learnin' to say 'yes' to what life offers you, but stay happy by rememberin' when to start sayin' 'no'.
Monika Kristofferson|We always believe that there's going to be some high, just around the corner that's going to pull us way, way, way up, where we'll stay forever. If our current romance doesn't do that for us, we'll look for a new one. When the giddy high of the first date wears off, we're ready for another fix.There's no problem with loving something, we coupling up, with enjoying someone's company, and all the rest. But if you want to enjoy all that stuff to the fullest, the best possible way to do it is to stop looking for the big highs, peak experiences, and sweeping flights of blissful romance. All that stuff just causes its own counterreactions. Watch your own body and mind, and you'll see this for yourself.
SV|I need someone who knows to enjoy life. Someone who'll get high with me at the Pere - Lechaise cemetery. Someone who'll lose their breath running trough the Louvre. Someone who'll go to coffee with a good book ( Fyodor Dostoyevsky, L. Tolstoy, Voltaire, A. Camus, Oscar Wilde, Gustave Flaubert ). During the weekends to the cafe de Flore, and after that lunch at Ritz. Someone who'll get lost in Paris in the middle of the night. Someone who'll lay beside Seine, drink wine and listen to Florence and Machine, Banks, Borns, Hurts, Bjork, Tom Odelle... Someone who can sit in front of S.Dali's paintings for hours and not talk. Someone who wants to live. Someone who wants to travel and see the world. Someone who'll look at the stars for hours, talk about life, someone who is not afraid of death.
Marilyn Grey, When the City Sleeps|Do not wait for the tide to take you, my boy. Instead, you take on the tide
Stephen King, The Running Man|To him, man was a being with myriad lives and myriad sensations, a complex multiform creature that bore within itself strange legacies of thought and passion, and whose very flesh was tainted with the monstrous maladies of the dead.
Anders Breivik, 2083: A European Declaration of Independence|They [terrorists] can’t claim that their suicide bombings are martyrdom operations and that they become the heroes of the Muslim Ummah [global brotherhood]. No, they become heroes of hellfire, and they are leading towards hellfire.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A true leader leads for the sake of love and his knowledge of the path, a bad leader redirects his followers to the path of destruction.
Ranata Suzuki|She wears it so beautifully doesn’t she, her pain… Always smiling, always positive…. always happy to help… It’s like a garment perfectly tailored to fit the way she carries it… with a touch of grace… and the quietness of that sad smile…. All so you’d never know how heavy it really was.
Hamidreza Bagheri|Thee, my serenity, one can not bear, Seeing thee befuddled, bereaved,Dimmed like the midnight, secluded, darkened,Thee, my serenity,A window to my eyes, A window to laughter, and peace of mind,Thee, my serenity, one can not bear,Seeing thee wail, whine, cry,Like a gloomy, mourning brume,Thee, my serenity,Soared through fervor and delight,To the crown of heavens, the Almighty Myth,One can not bear, Seeing thee prostrate, razed, demure,Upon the dimmed streets, crawling, for a sight of the lune,Thee, my birdy in love, What befall to thy song, The very chant of my life, Cut short, stopped, along with all I gasp,Thee, my serenity, one can not bear,Seeing thee, caged in thy own night, Encumbered, through thy own heart,Lean on my shoulders now,My beautiful, wonderful Lily,That thee shall not fear, the sorrow of,Of being lonely, apart, not having a peer,As I promise, to my most dear,The girl to my heart, always near,Come what may, don’t age a year,That I will be, forever here,
Frederick the Great|A prince ... is only the first servant of the state, who is obliged to act with probity and prudence. ... As the sovereign is properly the head of a family of citizens, the father of his people, he ought on all occasions to be the last refuge of the unfortunate.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|It is disgraceful for a philosopher to say: the good and the beautiful are one; if he adds 'also the true', one ought to beat him. Truth is ugly. We possess art lest we perish of the truth.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|But some characters in books are really real--Jane Austen's are; and I know those five Bennets at the opening of Pride and Prejudice, simply waiting to raven the young men at Netherfield Park, are not giving one thought to the real facts of marriage.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Violence only attacks the body, but it is non-violence that has the power to influence the soul and reshape it towards a peaceful future.
Carl Hiaasen|A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.
Randall Munroe|Sometimes, you have to go Insane, to Outsane, the Sane. You know what i'm Sanin?
W. Ian Thomas|No, the Boss corrected, I'm not a lawyer. I know some law. ... but I'm not a lawyer. That's why I can see what the law is like. It's like a single-bed blanket on a double bed and three folks in the bed and a cold night. There ain't ever enough blanket to cover the case, no matter how much pulling and hauling, and somebody is always going to nigh catch pneumonia. Hell, the law is like the pants you bought last year for a growing boy, but it is always this year and the seams are popped and the shankbone's to the breeze. The law is always too short and too tight for growing humankind. The best you can do is do something and then make up some law to fit and by the time that law gets on the books you would have done something different.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|Dying is overrated. Human sentimentality has twisted it into the ultimate act of love. Biggest load of bullshit in the world. Dying for someone isn't the hard thing. The man that dies escapes. Plain and simple. Game over. End of pain...Try living for someone. Through it all-good, bad, thick, thin, joy, suffering. That's the hard thing.
John Dolan, A Poison Tree|Desire is a chameleon.He blends into the brickwork and the rocks of those lanes and pathways down which we walk. He lurks like a highwayman at the crossroads of our lives, waiting to rob us of our reason.And he does so for sport.
Donald Barthelme, Unspeakable Practices, Unnatural Acts|The ultimate language of yoga is expressed in doing yoga, a practice that transcends words as we open our lives to living more consciously through the infinite wisdom of the heart.
Jim Morrison|Some people think football is a matter of life and death. I assure you, it's much more serious than that.
John Wesley|She had experimented with Wicca eight years ago, found that her spells did not produce the desired results of making her every bully bald and fat, and threw it in the corner of her soul as effete and impractical, as she had with a series of other theological outfits.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Oh God, if You want me to preach, I will do it.
Stanley Marcus|As a driver, you want to race every lap possible, especially when you've got a good car.
Sarina Bowen, Rookie Move|Beaming into the thick of a tree without becoming a lifelong tree hugger was a tricky business. A precision job. Scrooby’s job at the Time Saving Agency was a tough one. Billions of lives depended on him not screwing up. Literally billions and billions. Once, he’d screwed up in only a very small way and people wore those little yellow smiley faces on t-shirts for decades afterwards – and that was just a small screw up. He sighed. Here he sat, in the branches of an apple tree in an apple tree orchard – and without a single apple in sight. Below him, Isaac was waiting to get bonked on the noggin with an apple so that he could fulfill history by toddling off to invent gravity and shape scientific and mathematical principles for generations to come. Only one problem – no apples.
Vincent Van Gogh|Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|A misadventure is an act that has a safer, less self-detrimental, less interesting alternative. But you choose that act because you want to do something memorable and worthy of discussion.
Amit Kalantri|People shouldn't just talk about you, they should tell your tales.
Anup Kochhar, The Failure Project  -The Story Of Man's Greatest Fear|The fear of failure is not just the greatest fear of man, it is the fear of man. All other fears are avatars of the fear of failure.
Debasish Mridha|When I am longing for love, every rose is the expression of my soul.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, The Wisdom Huntress: Anthology of Thoughts and Narrations|Have you ever entered a kitchen to find a woman, her legs crossed while the rest of her body is dressed in colourful khanga, smiling at you while her hands are making a melodious song with a coconut grater? Have you ever wondered how any woman size can fit on that grater regardless of their body size? The time for wondering is over. East Africa heartily welcomes you to see for yourself. Go and visit it.
Hugh B. Brown|The honest investigator must be prepared to follow wherever the search of truth may lead. Truth is often found in the most unexpected places. He must, with fearless and open mind "insist that facts are far more important than any cherished, mistaken beliefs, no matter how unpleasant the facts or how delightful the beliefs.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, let go of the past and accept the beauty of change.
Lisa Wingate, The Prayer Box|What does a lighthouse do? I ask myself. It never moves. It cannot hike up its rocky skirt and dash into the ocean to rescue the foundering ship. It cannot calm the waters or clear the shoals. It can only cast light into the darkness. It can only point the way. Yet, through one lighthouse, you guide many ships. Show this old lighthouse the way.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Jackass, jackass on the wall, where's the info on Hex Hall?
Jeremy Irvine|When I was 16, I played Macbeth at school and my English teacher said, 'I think you may have acting talent. Try to get into the National Youth Theatre of Great Britain and see where you get.' I wouldn't have thought of that at all. I wanted to be a surgeon, but I wasn't a clever man.
Anaïs Nin|Wherever there is light, look for the shadow. The shadow is me.
John Muir|The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul.
Eloisa James, The Taming of the Duke|By all accounts Rafe's life had been shattered by the loss of his brother Peter. But whereas she turned away from drink when Draven died, Rafe had simply upended a barrel of brandy on his head and hadn't taken that hat off since.
Walter Dean Myers, Slam!|Cutting people out of your life is easy, keeping them in is hard.
Deyth Banger|Guilt is motherfucker,... it takes everything motivation, aspiration and soul. (Kill Game 2015)
M.F. Moonzajer|Religion serves all of us; men, women, gays, straights, blacks, whites, Americans and Indians. If it does not comply with our needs, wishes and happiness, then religion without a doubt is a plague that must be stopped.
Guillermo del Toro|Horror is the awakening of repressed knowledge, something that you have known all along but kept at the periphery of awareness so that life can go on.
Erin Loechner, Chasing Slow: Courage to Journey Off the Beaten Path|Sometime when we're not looking for what we want, we find what we need.
Lawrence Durrell, The Alexandria Quartet|You see, nothing matters except pleasure - which is the opposite of happiness, its tragic part, I expect.
Kristina McBride, One Moment|Adam pressed his hand to his face. Sighed. "Right. It's just that… He died. And I'm so freaking pissed off, I swear I'd punch him in the face if he were standing right here.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|I'll keep my head down," Mally assured him. "I'll be careful.""If anything happens---""If anything happens I'll tell you immediately."Ivan seemed pleased at that and relaxed against a tree trunk."Good. I don't want your mother chasing me around Lenzar with a carving knife.
Jidenna|There's organized confusion on African roads while driving in the cities. If you want to mess up Afican Cities very easy, just fly in 100 Americans put them on the road and tell them to drive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the wilderness, we experience the faithfulness of God.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Single Girl|She has no regrets; she knows now he could never have made her happy, even though he has, apparently, joined AA, is doing better. But sobriety is his journey, not hers; he needs to do it for himself, alone. Still, she misses him hugely, doesn't feel ready for another relationship yet. But as time passes, she hopes that she might be, eventually, with someone new, easier, kinder.
Rowena Cory Daniells, The King's Bastard|SIR ROBERT CHILTERN: … But may I ask, at heart, are you an optimist or a pessimist? Those seem to be the only two fashionable religions left to us nowadays.MRS CHEVELEY: Oh, I'm neither. Optimism begins in a broad grin, and Pessimism ends with blue spectacles. Besides, they are both of them merely poses.SIR ROBERT CHILTERN: You prefer to be natural?MRS CHEVELEY: Sometimes. But it is such a very difficult pose to keep up.(Act I., lines 132-140)
Malcolm Gladwell, 引爆趨勢 : 小改變如何引發大流行 [Yin bao qu shi: xiao gai bian ru he yin fa da liu xing]|We are naked, but we think we are not; we are wrong, but think we are correct. We are misled but we think we are properly guided. We think we have leaders but in reality we do not. What we have are tyrants.
Kristen Twardowski|The true value in education is, I think, the way that it teaches us to investigate ourselves and our world. It often forces us to step outside of ourselves and our experiences, and that is an absolutely essential ability for a writer to have.
Jan Porter, Sacred Space, body mind soul after sexual abuse|A tear slipped from eye, as I stood helpless beside Kiran. “They have done nothing wrong, except fight for the freedom you have stolen from them, from all of us!” I shouted back, unable to stay silent when my friends stood at his mercy.“I give you freedom, the freedom to live your life as you please,” Lucan challenged, tilting his chin with pride and sincerity. “I ask nothing of you, except for your loyalty. I am the king, it is the least of what I deserve,” Lucan turned to address the kingdom, his argument ringing through the air.“Then why is it only your bloodline that is allowed immortality?” I argued, taking a step forward. “Why do the rest of our people suffer from the separation of races? Why are the Shape-shifters exiled by penalty of death? What have they done? What is their crime? Are you afraid to share true immortality? Are you so scared of a people that realize they don’t need a king?” I turned to face the crowd too, hoping to empower them with my words.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|I don't believe there is such a thing as unanswered prayer. There is misguided prayers, selfish prayers, and doubting prayers, but true prayer doesn't go unanswered - it is merely abandoned prematurely due to lack of persistence and faithful endurance.
Belinda M. Gordon, Tressa's Treasure's|Do you see the labyrinth out there?" She waved a graceful hand toward the garden. "Life is like that labyrinth, full of pathways that seem like the right way, but end up being detours. We go one way and then another until we find our true path.
Dina Luate-Wani|The past is a shadow, so I hid in the darkness. Little did I know I was made myself the unsuspecting prey of unseen predator. For only in light can you can you see what is dark.
Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life|I have always felt that doubt was the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of God was the end of wisdom.
Gabriel Brunsdon|The science of the spirit and its relationship to the body in which it indwells is a complex conundrum. Life is not what it appears to be. Life is wholesome, and this unison of synergistic amalgamations persuade the common view that one thing is the other. But one thing is many things - at the one time - and this simple truth goes to the essence of all life with its manifold complexities.
Guy Debord|Le but n'est rien, le développement est tout. Le spectacle ne veut en venir à rien d'autre qu'à lui-même.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Sensei in Solitary|. . and so it is that A Sensei may impart his knowledge of the martial Way and nurture your fighting abilities, but you must learn the wisdom of finding other ways than martial skills to solve your problems
Stephen Fry|It's now very common to hear people say, 'I'm rather offended by that.' As if that gives them certain rights. It's actually nothing more... than a whine. 'I find that offensive.' It has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking what.", The Guardian, 5 June 2005]
Mehmet Murat ildan|Many have said, “Follow my steps” I say to you, create your own paths, and follow no one, live, risk it all, die and be free.
William Lane Craig|To say that the holocaust was objectively wrong, is to say that the holocaust was wrong even though the Nazis who carried it out thought that it was right, and it would still have been wrong, even if the Nazis had won World War II and succeeded in brainwashing or exterminating everybody who disagreed with them, so that everyone in the world thought that the holocaust was right and good. To say that the holocaust was objectively wrong, means that it's wrong regardless of the outcome of World War II. The premise is that if there is no God, then moral values or duties are not objective in that sense.
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk the Talking Dog|The chaplain had sinned, and it was good. Common sense told him that telling lies and defecting from duty were sins. On the other hand, everyone knew that sin was evil and that no good could come from evil. But he did feel good; he felt positively marvelous. Consequently, it followed logically that telling lies and defecting from duty could not be sins. The chaplain had mastered, in a moment of divine intuition, the handy technique of protective rationalization, and he was exhilarated by his discovery. It was miraculous.
Simon Curtis|I don´t need you to believe in me/I know how to change my destiny/Sit down, about to rewrite our history
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Man was created to glorify God. Now, that may encompass other things which God has planned for each man, but essentially, man was created to glorify God.
Steven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates|We go to partake of death. And it is in these moments, before the blades are unsheated, before blood wets the ground and screams fill the air, that the futility descends upon us all. Without our armor, we would all weep.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis and Other Writings|I made art a philosophy, and philosophy an art: I altered the minds of men, and the colour of things: I awoke the imagination of my century so that it created myth and legend around me: I summed up all things in a phrase, all existence in an epigram: whatever I touched I made beautiful
Stefan Sagmeister|There is nothing I fear more than waking up without a program that will help me bring a little happiness to those with no resources, those who are poor, illiterate, and ridden with terminal disease.
Mich|It astounds me that out of all the flowers in the garden, the rose would fall in love with the thorn.
Nicole Kiefer, Waiting in the Wings|It was late morning when he woke and found the telephone beside his bed in the hotel tolling frantically, and remembered that he had left word to be called at eleven. Sloane was snoring heavily, his clothes in a pile by his bed. They dressed and ate breakfast in silence, and then sauntered out to get some air. Amory's mind was working slowly, trying to assimilate what had happened and separate from the chaotic imagery that stacked his memory the bare shreds of truth. If the morning had been cold and gray he could have grasped the reins of the past in an instant, but it was one of those days that New York gets sometimes in May, when the air of Fifth Avenue is a soft, light wine. How much or how little Sloane remembered Amory did not care to know; he apparently had none of the nervous tension that was gripping Amory and forcing his mind back and forth like a shrieking saw.
Idries Shah, Reflections|The journey is the mystery…the destination the answer. If you don’t have a happy ending yet, you have not finished reading the right book.
Monica Crowley|If you want to see the true measure of a man, watch how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Will Rogers|The journey that I have undertaken, meeting people from all walks of life and learning from them, has been my biggest achievement.
Daniel Willey|There are billions of people in this world that don’t believe or act exactly as we do. It is not our place to reject them, only accept them. Again, we don’t have to agree with everything they believe or do, but we do need to love and accept who they are.
Amy Zhang, Falling into Place|But there was something terrifying taking over her thoughts, and it wouldn't leave. Out of seven billion sharing the planet with her, not one of them knew what was going through her head. Not one of them knew that she was lost. Not one of them asked.
André Breton|There is no use being alive if one must work. The event from which each of us is entitled to expect the revelation of his own life’s meaning - that event which I may not yet have found, but on whose path I seek myself - is not earned by work.
Clifford Cohen|If you want to impress someone, simply make up a vocation and preface it with the words “molecular” or “theoretical” (as in “molecular biologist” or “theoretical physicist”). After you do this no one will question the veracity of anything you say—whether it is related to your putative vocation or not.
Milton Glaser|There's gonna be a lot of great songs, but there ain't going to be another 'Trap Queen.'
Jill Telford|It doesn't matter the materials but what you do and how you interact. Relationships are the most important in the art of teaching. A school can have the most beautiful "stuff" but it's the care and commitment of a teacher. What matters most is a true teacher with the real stuff inside and helping others discover that real stuff inside themselves.
Suzy Kassem|At first, I was scared to show fear because you can never be sure how people will perceive you. But I dared myself to do that, to stand out. Now I'll talk about being beaten up or robbed or making a stupid decision because of a girl or whatever.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|A man can control only what he comprehends, and comprehend only what he is able to put into words. The inexpressible therefore is unknowable. By examining future stages in the evolution of language we come to learn what discoveries, changes and social revolutions the language will be capable, some day, of reflecting.
Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy|Do not fear criticism, accept it as an inspiration for boldness and action
Tiffany Madison|It should surprise no one that modern soldiers return home just as conflicted and detached as previous generations. The difference is that in the age of vapid American decadence, their simpler fundamental values are largely irrelevant to we civilians.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|There was no doubt now in Ender's mind. There was no help for him. Whatever he faced, now and forever, no on ewould save him from it. Peter might be scum, but Peter had been right, always right; the power to cause pain is the only power that matters, the power to kill and destroy, because if you can't kill then you are always subject to those who can, and nothing and no one will ever save you.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|You are so young, Lyra, too young to understand this, but I shall tell you anyway and you'll understand it later: men pass in front of our eyes like butterflies, creatures of a brief season. We love them; they are brave, proud, beautiful, clever; and they die almost at once. They die so soon that our hearts are continually racked with pain. We bear their children, who are witches if they are female, human if not; and then in the blink of an eye they are gone, felled, slain, lost. Our sons, too. When a little boy is growing, he thinks he is immortal. His mother knows he isn't. Each time becomes more painful, until finally your heart is broken. Perhaps that is when Yambe-Akka comes for you. She is older than the tundra. Perhaps, for her, witches' lives are as brief as men's are to us.
Debbie Macomber, Mrs. Miracle|Some marriages are made in heaven, but they all have to be maintained on earth. Mrs Miracle
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|In an extended family, anybody can bug out of his own house for months, and still be among relatives. Nobody has to go on a hopeless quest for friendly strangers, which is what most Americans have to do.
Virginia Woolf, Monday or Tuesday|Here is nature once more at her old game of self-preservation. This train of thought, she perceives, is threatening mere waste of energy, even some collision with reality, for who will ever be able to lift a finger against Whitaker’s Table of Precedency? The Archbishop of Canterbury is followed by the Lord High Chancellor; the Lord High Chancellor is followed by the Archbishop of York. Everybody follows somebody, such is the philosophy of Whitaker; and the great thing is to know who follows whom. Whitaker knows, and let that, so Nature counsels, comfort you, instead of enraging you; and if you can’t be comforted, if you must shatter this hour of peace, think of the mark on the wall.	  11  I understand Nature’s game—her prompting to take action as a way of ending any thought that threatens to excite or to pain. Hence, I suppose, comes our slight contempt for men of action—men, we assume, who don’t think. Still, there’s no harm in putting a full stop to one’s disagreeable thoughts by looking at a mark on the wall.
Christianna Brand, Nurse Matilda|She was very ugly - the ugliest person you ever saw in your life! Her hair was scraped into a bun, sticking straight out at the back of her head like a teapot handle; and her face was round and wrinkly, and she had eyes like two little black boot-buttons. And her nose! - she had a nose like two potatoes. She wore a rusty black dress right up to the top of her neck and right down to her button boots, and a rusty black jacket and a rusty black bonnet, all trimmed with trembly black jet, with her teapot-handled of a bun sticky out at the back. And she carried a small brown case and a large black stick, and she had a very fierce expression indeed on her wrinkly, round, brown face. But what you noticed most of all was that she had one huge front Tooth, sticking right out like a tombstone over her lower lip. You never, in the whole of your life, ever saw such a Tooth!
Victoria Beckham|For me, I really love 'Tim and Eric' and 'Dr. Steve Brule' and a lot of the Adult Swim shows, so I like strange, weird, sometimes slightly upsetting humor.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|Inscriptions here of various Names I view'd,The greater part by hostile time subdu'd;Yet wide was spread their fame in ages past,And Poets once had promis'd they should last.
Azar Nafisi|The musician is perhaps the most modest of animals, but he is also the proudest. It is he who invented the sublime art of ruining poetry.
James Lusarde, Naked on the Moon|Oh, do you understand what I mean? Have you ever felt that about the Moon? Have you ever ached with the sheer beauty of it?
Richie Norton|It’s not about getting out of your comfort zone to reach your goal. It's about widening your comfort zone so far that your goal fits comfortably inside. Once you do that, hitting your goals will be like hitting 3s for Steph Curry.
Hannah Vandegrift|Everyone's crazy, but few show it.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|History shows that when the church accommodates culture, it weakens it.
Sara Ella, Unblemished|Remember, there's sacrifice invovled in any kind of life. Even the man who chooses the safe way has to give up the thrill of combat. The point is that once you know what you want, you must be prepared to sacrifice everything to get it. Those who realize this are the fortunate ones. Those who know and can try. What more can a man as kfor than that?
Amie Kaufman, Their Fractured Light|...Erich Fromm wondered why most people did not become insane in the face of the existential contradiction between a symbolic self, that seems to give man infinite worth in a timeless scheme of things, and a body that is worth about 98¢.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|it struck me as an operational way to define free will, in a way that allowed you to reconcile free will with determinism. The system is deterministic, but you can’t say what it’s going to do next.
Anne Tyler|In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty.
Sally Wentworth, Summer Fire|But whenever one meets modern thinkers (as one often does) progressing towards a madhouse, one always finds, on inquiry, that they have just had a splendid escape from another madhouse. Thus, hundreds of people become Socialists, not because they have tried Socialism and found it nice, but because they have tried Individualism and found it nasty.
Guy Deutscher, Through the Language Glass: Why the World Looks Different in Other Languages|So if you, O subsequent ones, ever deign to look down at us from your summit of effortless superiority, remember that you have only scaled it on the back of our efforts. For it is thankless to grope in the dark and tempting to rest until the light of understanding shines upon us. But if we are led into this temptation, your kingdom will never come.
Mamie Smith, The Unfolding of a Rose|Give as you wish to live, it all come's back to you. And that's without exception ...
Larry McMurtry, Comanche Moon|Big secrets were catastrophic. However hard you try to hide them, they bob to the surface and you must go over them again and again. They are taken out so often they become worn smooth as a river stone. You have to carry them around you like a baby. The secret grows until you feel like you are a skin that covers it, a thin skin, easily split, ripe
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|I hate the phrase 'more than friends'," Joni told me one night not long ago. "It's such nonsense. When I'm going out with someone, we're not 'more than friends' - most of the time, we're not even friends. 'More than friends' makes no sense. Look at us. There's nothing more than us.
Sunday Adelaja|When men and women who God has created to make a difference in the world, abandon the mandate for their lives and instead, begin to pursue all nonentities of life, God cannot but be frustrated
Margaret Widdemer, The Rose-Garden Husband|And remember, Wallis, there's something the matter with Mr. Allan's shutters. They won't always close the sunshine out as they should."Wallis almost winked, if an elderly, mutton-chopped servitor can be imagined as winking."No, ma'am," he promised. Something wrong with 'em. I'll remember, ma'am.
Tessa Dare, When a Scot Ties the Knot|The love of books was an instant connection, and a true boon for a girl who tended toward shyness, because it was a source of endless conversation.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you don't create a good message about your dreams, those who were created to pay for it can't find it. Speak them out and you will find those God created to finance it
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Taking the path of least resistance is always helpful and peaceful, which is always in line with your life’s purpose. May be you are successful in what you do but universe will keep trying to bring you back to your purpose.
Eve Forward Villains By Necessity|There are more than straight good and evil, aye, even more than law or disorders or fence-sittin'. There's prejudice, whimsey, affection, superstition, habit, upbringing, alliance, pride, society, morals, animosity, preference, values, religon, circumstance, humor, perversity, honor, vengeance, jealousy, frustration...hundreds o' factors, from the past and in every present moment, as decides what some one person'll do in an individious situation.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|The older I get, the more I believe that the greatest kindness is acceptance.
Michael Leunig|Praised be You, my Lord, with all Your creatures, especially Sir Brother Sun, Who is the day through whom You give us light. And he is beautiful and radiant with great splendour; of You, Most High, he bears the likeness.
Deborah Day|Modernity: we created youth without heroism, age without wisdom, and life without grandeur
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|If god created hell, who will blame his followers for trying to establish it on earth
Jimmy Iovine|I like the values associated with a medical family - common sense, being practical but also thoughtful.
Damon Galgut, In a Strange Room|Memory is fiction . . . All memory is a way of reconstructing the past. . . The act of narrating a memory is the act of creating fiction. [Armitstead, Claire. “Damon Galgut talks about his novel In a Strange Room.” The Guardian. 10 September 2010.]
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|The Holy Spirit is in charge here.We should write it for all to see on the lintels of every doorway we build. But since that might seem like so many words, we will do better: we will write it in our lives. And in all the lives we can reach out to and touch and inspire with the living Spirit of God.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Plato argued that good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will always find a way around law. By pretending that procedure will get rid of corruption, we have succeeded only in humiliating honest people and provided a cover of darkness and complexity for the bad people. There is a scandal here, but it's not the result of venal bureaucrats. (1994) p. 99
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Considering Existence|Your actions show what you know, and your replies to obstacles give clarity into what you will learn.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She’s into authentic hearts and mind shattering conversations. Good music and quirky art. Weirdness and eccentric people. Love, kindness and genuine souls. She’s into all this and so much more.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|Real is better, The truth is better. Painful but better.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Tora-Bora Mountains|Darrow: "Does he really believe believe in magic?" I ask.Daxo Au Telemanus: "He says gnomes steals ear wax from him at night. Mother thinks he's been hit too many times in the head." Daxo backs away following his father. But he can't hide the his clever smile as he pops a jellybean into his mouth. And I see where the ones in my pocket came from. "I say he just lives in a more entertaining world than we do.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|Zander, you're getting me all wet and gooey," she squealed.He laughed again as he plopped her on the bed. "And I've just started.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Galinda didn't see the verdant world through the glass of the carriage; she saw her own reflection instead. She had the nearsightedness of youth. She reasoned that because she was beautiful she was significant, though what she signified, and to whom, was not clear yet...She was, after all, on her way to Shiz because she was smart. But there was more than one way to be smart.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|Is this what family is like: the feeling that everyone’s connected, that with one piece missing, the whole thing’s broken?
LaNina King|If we choose to behave differently, we are considered 'Mad' or 'immature
Jo Grafford, Viking For Hire|Are ya tryin' to kill me, Maggie?" Declan bit the words out and his fingers dug deeper into her hips. "Are ya wantin' to see a grown man beg?
Fang Chen|As colors are formed by the combination of Red, Green and Blue : Similarly is life which is a combination of Love, Faith and Peace..
Douglas Conant|The earth we abuse and the living things we kill will, in the end, take their revenge; for in exploiting their presence we are diminishing our future.
Jean Cocteau, The Holy Terrors|It's often said that a traumatic experience early in life marks a person forever, pulls her out of line, saying, "Stay there. Don't move.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can trust God and yourself, anything is possible.
Kamand Kojouri|The greatest moments in our lives occur when we surrender: birth, love, and death.
Gayle D. Erwin, The Jesus Style|when the serpent breathed the poison of his pride, the desire to be as God, into the hearts of our first parents, that they too fell from their high estate into all the wretchedness in which man is now sunk. In heaven and earth, pride, self-exaltation, is the gate and the birth, and the curse, ofhell.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, How to Shit Around the World: The Art of Staying Clean and Healthy While Traveling|Travel is a joy, full of surprises. Perhaps some of the most enjoyable times are those where one comes close to disaster: the risks add spice, and make for great stories when you are safely back home again.
Anonymous|If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it wasprobably worth it
Deep Trivedi, The Pulse of Wisdom|When you remove yourself from what is no longer healthy for you, great things begin to surface.
Alysia Reiner|The relationship between Israel and the United States is a bond of - it's just a very powerful bond. It was, it is, and will be and will continue to be.
Dan Ronco, Unholy Domain|Technos and clerics have much in common. Both take a world that can’t be fully understood and try to explain its fundamental properties. Clerics postulate beliefs that can never be proven; they demand you accept these postulates as your Faith, which will guide your actions and thoughts. It’s a top down way of thinking; start with the big picture and derive rules for living. Fundamental knowledge is static. Even the derived rules rarely change.Technos work from the bottom up. They build a baseline of observations and formulate theories to explain these phenomena. Nothing is sacred; with new observations, theories are discarded or modified to fit the facts.Technos and clerics; how could they not be in conflict?Dan Ronco’s Diary, 2016
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Many, many readers have written asking me wistfully about the nature of Sam and Grace's relationship, and I can assure you, that sort is absolutely real. Mutual, respectful, enduring love is completely attainable as long as you swear you won't settle for less.
Richard Stallman|Low budgets force you to be more creative. Sometimes, with too much money, time and equipment, you can over-think. My way, you can use your gut instinct.
Bobby Scott|I did not come from an academic background. My father was a smart man, but he had a fifth-grade education. He and all his friends were plumbers. They were all born around 1905 in great poverty in New York City and had to go to work when they were 12 or 13 years old.
Shiv Nadar|It's one thing for someone to travel over to Syria and Iraq and come back. But, boy, it's a lot easier if they activate someone who's already here.
John Forbes Nash, Jr.|It's hard to give up the self-esteem connected to being codependent and appearing 'right,' which is probably a survival behavior learned from growing up in a crazy family. It feels like you will actually disappear.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|Lights come and go in the night sky. Men, troubled at last by the things they build, may toss in their sleep and dream bad dreams, or lie awake while the meteors whisper greenly overhead. But nowhere in all space or on a thousand worlds will there be men to share our loneliness.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The trait I regard most highly in a man is kindness. Thoughtful, consistent kindness. All other qualities—whether charming, witty, handsome, enterprising, powerful, seductive, or ingenious—wither in comparison to a truly kind man.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|In reality, where everything passes on naturally, the copy follows the original, the image the thing which it represents, the thought its object, but on the supernatural, miraculous ground of theology, the original follows the copy, the thing its own likeness."it is strange" says St. Augustine, "But nevertheless true, that this world could not exist if it was not known to God." That means the world is known and thought before it exists; nay it exists only because it was thought of. The existence is a consequence of the knowledge or of the act of thinking, the original a consequence of the copy, the object a consequence of its likeness.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed|Until we accept that our children have much more of a risk of being sexually abused than drowning in a pool, being struck by a car, stricken with cancer, hurt by a vaccination, or diagnosed with ebola, we contribute to a culture of panic and ignorance.
Mike Ferguson|The digital world has been in a separate orbit from our medical cocoon, and it's time the boundaries be taken down.
Ernest Cline, Armada|Even humanity's lack of concern for its rampant overpopulation problem now made a terrible kind of sense. What difference did it make if our planet was capable of supporting all seven billion of us in the long term when a far greater threat to our numbers was waiting in the wings? And despite the overwhelming odds, humanity had done what was necessary to ensure its own survival. It filled me with a strange new sense of pride in my own species. We weren't a bunch of primitive monkeys teetering on the brink of self-destruction after all—this appeared ti be an altogether different kind of destruction we were teetering on the brink of.
Alexei Panshin, Rite of Passage|A book isn't a single, static thing with one unarguable meaning. Each reader who comes to it brings his own special knowledge, habits and attitudes. Each reader reads a different book. Each reader imagines a different 
Emma Shane, The Taste of Lavender|Well, as I was saying, it costs a lot to be authentic, madam. And one can't be stingy with these things, because you are more authentic the more you resemble what you've dreamed you are. - Agrado from "Todo Sobre Mi Madre
Nathaniel Philbrick|If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level.
Eoin Colfer, Half-Moon Investigations|In my experience, boys are predictable. As soon as they think of something, they do it. Girls are smarter—they plan ahead. They think about not getting caught.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|Everything about you fascinates me, Sophie. The smell of your skin. The sound of your voice. Your long legs. Your sense of humor. Your personality. You don’t seem to need me, and if you don’t need me, it is much more gratifying that you want me.
Sonya Sones|Did you know I dream about your hair? I use to say it was the color of the sun at sunset, but I'm wrong. It's brighter than the sun, just as you are.
Winston S. Churchill|Together a brick and a blanket create the perfect metaphor for life. Will you be a brick and make something of your life, or be a blanket and sleep your life away?
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|The problem with beauty is you will always be in trouble, when you don’t know what beauty is.
Mark Andrew Poe|A blessing changes the atmosphere. If you say something kind like, ‘How about being my partner at the annual Spring Fling Dance Contest?’, it’s going to affect the situation. If you say something mean, like ‘Harry Moon, you are shorter than my two-year-old brother,’ it’s going to affect circumstance. It’s the simple rule of cause and effect. You bless. You are bringing positivity. You curse. You are making the atmosphere lethal. All humans have the choice to change the atmosphere by what words they say. Think about it.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|We are important and our lives are important, magnificent really, and their details are worthy to be recorded. This is how writers must think, this is how we must sit down with pen in hand. We were here; we are human beings; this is how we lived. Let it be known, the earth passed before us. Our details are important. Otherwise, if they are not, we can drop a bomb and it doesn't matter. . . Recording the details of our lives is a stance against bombs with their mass ability to kill, against too much speed and efficiency. A writer must say yes to life, to all of life: the water glasses, the Kemp's half-and-half, the ketchup on the counter. It is not a writer's task to say, "It is dumb to live in a small town or to eat in a café when you can eat macrobiotic at home." Our task is to say a holy yes to the real things of our life as they exist – the real truth of who we are: several pounds overweight, the gray, cold street outside, the Christmas tinsel in the showcase, the Jewish writer in the orange booth across from her blond friend who has black children. We must become writers who accept things as they are, come to love the details, and step forward with a yes on our lips so there can be no more noes in the world, noes that invalidate life and stop these details from continuing.
Tatamkhulu Afrika|I speak of new cities and new peopleI tell you the past is a bucket of ashes.I tell you yesterday is a wind gone down,a sun dropped in the west.I tell you there is nothing in the worldonly an ocean of tomorrows.a sky of tomorrows.I am a brother of the cornhuskers who sayat sundown:Tomorrow is a day.”- Carl Sandburg, Cornhuskers
Niels Bohr|It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
Ellen Swallow Richards|People's genes can say a great deal about their health. There are genes that reveal an increased likelihood of getting cancer, heart disease or Alzheimer's.
Debasish Mridha|A great sage is like a tree, he lives just to help others, just to make this world beautiful.
Marianne Williamson, The Law of Divine Compensation: On Work, Money, and Miracles|Intellectual and moral growth is no less indispensable than material amelioration...If three is anything more poignant than a body agonizing for want of bread, it is a soul dying of hunger for light.
Salma Deera, Letters From Medea|you will rise.and are you less of a woman for this? nowhat is woman?woman is this—enduring.listen girl, you will survive this–you will.but what fool said you had to do it silently?here is a tip—scream
Mike Nichols|I was on the train; I did play, but I also played in bars, in the streets, at birthday parties for people who discovered me on the train.
Nikki Sex, Abuse|It all I can do not to cry. I make myself wood I say to myself, Celie, you a tree. That's how I come to know trees fear man.
Nenia Campbell, Nostalgia Trip|so funny how i was so desperate triiying to reach to this point ...and now i have nothing to said im symple out of words,,,
Jeffrey Steingarten, It Must've Been Something I Ate: The Return of the Man Who Ate Everything|As long as I can remember, male candy eaters have been ill-used, misunderstood, and denigrated, in films and on television, as weak, self-indulgent, soft, effeminate, undisciplined, and venal. Most of us have been driven underground. We eat our candy alone and on the sly. We never experience the intimacy of sharing candy with others—unless we have chosen our mates wisely.
Peter Adejimi|People don’t seem to realizeit that it is not like we’re onthe Titanic and we have toavoid the iceberg. We’vealready hit the iceberg. Thewater is rushing in down below. But some people justdon’t want to leave the dancefloor; others don’t want togive up on the buffet. But ifwe don’t make the hardchoices, nature will make them for u
Guy Deutscher, Through the Language Glass: Why the World Looks Different in Other Languages|My French was neither good nor bad. I had enough to understand what people said to me, but speaking was difficult, and there were times when no words came to my lips, when I struggled to say even the simplest things. There was a certain pleasure in this, I believe – to experience language as a collection of sounds, to be forced to the surface of words where meanings vanish – but it was also quite wearing, and it had the effect of shutting me up in my thoughts.
Neymat Khan|This is bullshit, things which are shown to us are totally opposite it is not the Hero with the feelings but the villain who have a reason to destroy the world and not only a reason but a real reason.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|My fear of being real, of being seen, paralyzes me into silence. I crave the touch and the connection, but I’m not always brave enough to open my hand and reach out. This is the great challenge: to be seen, accepted, and loved, I must first reveal, offer, and surrender.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|When God is going to do something wonderful, He or She always starts with a hardship; when God is going to do something amazing, He or She starts with an impossibility. 
Maggie  Hall, Map of Fates|I fear no fate for you are my fate, my sweet.
Harsh Agrawal, Affiliate Marketing For Dummies by ShoutMeLoud: Shortcut to unexplored digital monetization technique.|Everything is created twice. Once in your mind, then in your life!
Destin Sparks|Photography is like exploring a new dimension, only I can go there but I can show you where I've been.
Gemma Malley, The Declaration|The Wine of Life keeps oozing drop by drop, The Leaves of Life keep falling one by one.
Lailah Gifty Akita|One faith, one family.
Scott E. Spradlin|Should you operate upon your clients as objects, you risk reducing them to less than human. Following the culture of appropriation and mastery your clients become a kind of extension of yourself, of your ego. In the appropriation and objectification mode, your clients’ well-being and success in treatment reflect well upon you. You “did” something to them, you made them well. You acted upon them and can take the credit for successful therapy or treatment. Conversely, if your clients flounder or regress, that reflects poorly on you. On this side of things the culture of appropriation and mastery says that you are not doing enough. You are not exerting enough influence, technique or therapeutic force. What anxiety this can breed for some clinicians! DBT offers a framework and tools for a treatment that allows clients to retain their full humanity. Through the practice of mindfulness, you can learn to cultivate a fuller presence to the moments of your life, and even with your clients and your work with them. This presence potentiates an encounter between two irreducible human beings, meeting professionally, of course, and meeting humanly. The dialectical framework, which embraces contradictions and gives you a way of seeing that life is pregnant with creative tensions, allows for your discovery of your limits and possibilities, gives you a way of seeing the dynamic nature of reality that is anything but sitting still; shows you that your identity grows from relationship with others, including those you help, that you are an irreducible human being encountering other irreducible human beings who exert influence upon you, even as you exert your own upon them. Even without clinical contrivance.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|And I think, "I'm so fucking lonely". I go home and cry for a while. I am almost 32. That's not old especially in New York. But the fact is it has been years since I even liked someone. So how likely is it I'll meet someone I love enough to marry? I'm tired of not knowing who I'll be with, or if I'll be with anyone.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron’s, however, wasn’t the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul: It was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him.
Monika Zands|Love is one of the most powerful healing tools in the universe. Most people forget to use it to build rapport, to deepen their relatedness, and to mend the upset that underlies disagreement and expectation. Sprinkle more love and you will heal only 100% of the time.
Alaska Gold, Growing Light|Those freckles make you seem like a galaxy of stars, just waiting to be explored and loved.
Sloane Kennedy, Retribution|I'll find a day to massacre them allAnd raze their faction and their family,The cruel father and his traitorous sons,To whom I sued for my dear son's life,And make them know what 'tis to let a queenKneel in the streets and beg for grace in vain.
Darmie O-Lujon|Things change as minds change. Egos and prides vanish in the darkness of night. The false mask of vanity burns in the natural propensity to be happy. Who wants to be sad, after all?
Stephen Curry|It is never too late to strengthen the foundation of faith. There is always time. With faith in the Savior, you can repent and plead for forgiveness. There is someone you can forgive. There is someone you can thank. There is someone you can serve and lift. You can do it wherever you are and however alone and deserted you may feel.
Gal Gadot|The waste of capital, in proportion to the total capital, in this country between 1800 and 1850, in the attempts which were made to establish means of communication and transportation, was enormous.
Jean Piaget|The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done; men and women who are creative, inventive and discoverers, who can be critical and verify, and not accept, everything they are offered.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|But whatever the reason, it felt surreal
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture and transform.
C. JoyBell C.|You can't put your heart into everything; you've just got to show up. And if your heart is worn all over you, then so be it, but you can't pull it out of you and put it in places, or put it in people's hands. Because you are like this wild and quiet and laughing thing and people are like things that stand there and don't understand what's going on; so when you put your heart into things like that, you're going to feel either stupid, or very hurt, or both. And it's not people's faults that they are just standing there. I mean, you're the different one; they're not different; they're all the same.
John Buchan|The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
George Crumb|You've seen one of the our gigs you've seen 'em all. But if you're into the music, you'll know that we played better the night before or we can play better.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God can do more with a few days of your time if given completely to Him, than He can with a whole life characterized by a half-hearted service.
Dalai Lama|The word 'religion' is only a label. What lies behind that, the most important thing of all, is the word 'faith'. You either have faith, or you don't have faith, or you have degrees of faith - and if you have degrees of faith, then you become agnostic. You're kind of in-between, or you're on the fence.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I know every single street in this town. And I love strolling these streets in the mornings, in the evenings, and then at night when I am merry and tipsy. I love to have breakfasts with my friends along the Bosphorus on Sundays, I love to walk alone amid the crowds. I am in love with the chaotic beauty of this city, the ferries, the music, the tales, the sadness, the colors, and the black humor.....
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Socially inferior animals are the ones that make the most strenuous, resourceful efforts to get to know their keepers. They prove to be the ones most faithful to them…it is a fact commonly known in the trade.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Turn of the Story|In talking about misogyny and gender-based violence, it would be easy to slip into the conceit that men are the villains. But it's not true. Granted, men are often brutal to women. Yet it is women who routinely manage brothels in poor countries, who ensure that their daughter's genitals are cut, who feed sons before daughters, who take their sons but not their daughters to clinics for vaccination.
Chanda Hahn, The Silver Siren|Here a tower shining brightOnce stood gleaming in the nightWhere now There's just the rubble in the holefrom "White City
Gina Carano|The Pope loves everyone, rich and poor alike, but the Pope has the duty, in Christ's name, to remind the rich to help the poor, to respect them, to promote them.
Ewlyn Fernando|The artist is the only one qualified to criticize his art, because only the artist knows what he was trying to express and how satisfied he is with the attempt.
Rose Wynters, Phase Three: Devastate|She emerged from the shadows like an apparition, and he was taken aback by her beauty. Never in his wildest dreams had he expected to chance upon such a vision of loveliness in those harsh and unforgiving mountains. Her beautiful face, long black hair, and slender figure enchanted him.
Barry Goldwater|Only solitary men know the full joys of friendship. Others have their family; but to a solitary and an exile, his friends are everything.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Life is like the ocean. You can either be the ball floating on the waves, or make your own waves.
Josh Turner|Wave after wave of love flooded the stage and washed over me, the beginning of the one great durable romance of my life.
Renee Ahdieh|She was drowning in sandalwood and sunlight. Time ceased to be more than a notion. Her lips were hers one moment. And then they were his. The taste of him on her tongue was like sun-warmed honey. Like cool water sliding down her parched throat. Like the promise of all her tomorrows in a single sigh. When she wound her fingers in his hair to draw her body against his, he stilled for breath, and she knew, as he knew, that they were lost. Lost forever. In this kiss. This kiss that would change everything.
|The foundation of my happiness isn't because my experiences are much better than the man who believes his world is falling apart. Instead, it's because I frequently interpret my life better than a negative minded person.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|What's this?" he inquired, none too pleasantly. "A circus?""No, Julius. It's the end of the circus.""I see. And these are the clowns?"Foaly's head poked through the doorway."Pardon me for interrupting your extended circus metaphor, but what the hell is that?
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|I am a grenade," I said again. "I just want to stay away from people and read books and think and be with you guys because there's nothing I can do about hurting you: You're too invested, so just please let me do that, okay?"I'm going to go to my room and read for awhile, okay? I'm fine. I really am fine: I just want to go read for a while.
Vanessa Carlton|As I got older and more educated about things like chemicals in food and how beef is processed, I simply stopped eating certain things because it felt like the right thing to do.
Sara Sheridan|Most of us are pseudo-scholars...for we are a very large and quite a powerful class, eminent in Church and State, we control the education of the Empire, we lend to the Press such distinction as it consents to receive, and we are a welcome asset at dinner-parties.Pseudo-scholarship is, on its good side, the homage paid by ignorance to learning. It also has an economic side, on which we need not be hard. Most of us must get a job before thirty, or sponge on our relatives, and many jobs can only be got by passing an exam. The pseudo-scholar often does well in examination (real scholars are not much good), and even when he fails he appreciates their inner majesty. They are gateways to employment, they have power to ban and bless. A paper on King Lear may lead somewhere, unlike the rather far-fetched play of the same name. It may be a stepping-stone to the Local Government Board. He does not often put it to himself openly and say, "That's the use of knowing things, they help you to get on." The economic pressure he feels is more often subconscious, and he goes to his exam, merely feeling that a paper on King Lear is a very tempestuous and terrible experience but an intensely real one. ...As long as learning is connected with earning, as long as certain jobs can only be reached through exams, so long must we take the examination system seriously. If another ladder to employment were contrived, much so-called education would disappear, and no one be a penny the stupider.
Aga Khan IV|We have a problem with dealing with race in our country. We have a problem with dealing with marriage equality and equality in general. These are complex, divisive issues in our society, and I think that the only way we further this conversation is to take them down to a very human scale.
Lola Jaye, By The Time You Read This|Remember this, - where there is life there is hope. You're alive. Embrace this, because YOU CAN DO ANYTHING while there is breath in your body.
Lord Byron|If I love you, I show you I love you every day. Little things, big things.
Erving Polster, Gestalt Therapy Integrated: Contours of Theory & Practice|Her eyes narrowing, she turned her attention back to where Stephanie stood with Ben, feeling her own pain turn to intense fury. “Dominic knew her so damn well because he was usually thinking the same thing. She was his female version – two halves fitting perfectly together,” Gena spat out, anger inflected in her voice. “Like him, she’s reckless and like him, once she gets something into her head nothing or no one will change her mind.” Her fury revealed itself in her eyes, as she spat out, “And, like him, she’s going to get herself killed.” - Gena Evans, Nowhere to Run
Kristen Simmons, Breaking Point|I hated the distance between us. It left me unsettled, unbalanced. Like the good parts of myself were fading.
Karen Foxlee, The Anatomy of Wings|Dreaming is not only an act of communication; it is also an aesthetic activity, a game of the imagination, a game that is a value in itself. Our dreams prove that to imagine - to dream about things that have not happened - is among mankind’s deepest needs. Herein lies the danger. If dreams were beautiful, they would quickly be forgotten.
Deepak Chopra|We are well on our way to a unified theory of biology that will merge body and environment, brain and mind, genome and microbiome.
Arthur Holitscher|(Life) it was a little bit nearer than God, but no less powerful and terrible. Yes, it was something, perhaps, that one did not wish to understand because one feared it, something to which one paid tribute lest it should feel offended and seize one, body and soul.
Christopher Hitchens|My own opinion is enough for me, and I claim the right to have it defended against any consensus, any majority, anywhere, any place, any time. And anyone who disagrees with this can pick a number, get in line, and kiss my ass.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|It is, indeed, difficult to conceive how men who have entirely given up the habit of self-government should succeed in making a proper choice of those by whom they are to be governed; and no one will ever believe that a liberal, wise, and energetic government can spring from the suffrages of a subservient people.
Avina Celeste|Remember that every relationship in your life starts with your relationship with yourself. How can you expect to have healthy relationships with others when you can’t even love and respect the person you are with all the time, yourself. Treat yourself with respect. Do not insult yourself everytime you pass a mirror. Do not degrade yourself for your past actions. Notice your beauty. Notice all the wonderful things about yourself that make you a great person.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Ultron: Stark asked for a savior, and settled for a slave.The Vision: I suppose we're both disappointments.Ultron: [laughs] I suppose we are.The Vision: Humans are odd. They think order and chaos are somehow opposites and try to control what won't be. But there is grace in their failings. I think you missed that.Ultron: They're doomed!The Vision: Yes... but a thing isn't beautiful because it lasts. It is a privilege to be among them.Ultron: You're unbelievably naïve.The Vision: Well, I was born yesterday.
Alin Sav|Every time you practice a weakness, you feed it. And the things you feed grow in your life
Richard Baxter|I preached as never sure to preach again, and as a dying man to dying men.
Elizabeth Fishel|Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Lori Wick, Where the Wild Rose Blooms|the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.
Dada Bhagwan|When it becomes above normal, material happiness will feel like misery.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If anyone doesn't agree with you, the truth is on your side.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|The most dangerous flaws are those which are good in moderation," she said. "Evil is easy to fight. Lack of wisdom… that is very hard indeed.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|I've never heard anyone say "I wish I hadn't forgiven.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Live your best life, seeking heavenly guidance.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|I wondered what a man I had encountered the day before on the plane en route to Chicago's O'Hare airport would have made of this. As he tried to push through a crowded aisle, he said loudly: "Life is never easy. And it's never pleasant." I couldn't let this go. I looked up at him from my seat and said, "I do hope life gives you cause to change that opinion. Otherwise you may find that opinion walking ahead of you, giving you more and more reasons to believe it.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|People can show false love But cant false HatePeople can show false caring But cant false carelessSo believe on it they show you hate and treat you careless ,.It is true feelings
Colin Myles, Life Positioning: 27 Success habits to increase your personal value|The garbage can is for things that have no importance. If it did have some value, it no longer has any.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi, How to be a Story Writer: A guide to successful story writing for all ages|Deal with your readers that theyare smart, and write a language thatsuits their intelligence.- How to write the best story-
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|As things stand the "intellectuals" only come out to lick the bones left over by the tyrant.
Betsy Cook Speer, Demolition Queen - Champagne, Murder & Chaos|It felt like an eternity before he gingerly lifted himself from the table and staggered backwards. Glass shards protruded from chest to groin. The guy looked like a bloody porcupine. A cute, tall bloody porcupine. I’m tall too. Five foot ten. But he had at least four inches on me, even with my thick-heeled boots.“What’s your name?” he slurred. While visions of reckless homicide charges danced in my head, I contemplated using an alias. Finally, I said my real name, “Sam.”“Nice to meet you, Sammers. I’m Jake,” he said.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Humans love sex. Both men and women are wired to be sexually responsive. Sex is the social glue of the human species. It takes heavy-handed training or trauma to kill a human's sex drive.Religion has that power. Sexual training in guilt, shame, and fear begins virtually at birth by sexualizing nudity. The religious signal is that nudity is always sexual and the body must be covered for modesty. The Adam and Eve story is taught to young children even though they have no way to know what it means.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|In this passionately social world, loneliness dogged the spirit. People were constantly “getting together,” but they never really got there. Everyone was terrified of being alone with himself; yet in company, in spite of the universal assumption of comradeship, these strange beings remained as remote from one another as the stars. For everyone searched his neighbour’s eyes for the image of himself, and never saw anything else. Or if he did, he was outraged and terrified.
Darnell Lamont Walker|In accepting and defending the social institution of slavery, the Greeks were harder-hearted than we but clearer-headed; they knew that labor as such is slavery, and that no man can feel a personal pride in being a laborer. A man can be proud of being a worker – someone, that is, who fabricates enduring objects, but in our society, the process of fabrication has been so rationalized in the interests of speed, economy and quantity that the part played by the individual factory employee has become too small for it to be meaningful to him as work, and practically all workers have been reduced to laborers. It is only natural, therefore, that the arts which cannot be rationalized in this way – the artist still remains personally responsible for what he makes – should fascinate those who, because they have no marked talent, are afraid, with good reason, that all they have to look forward to is a lifetime of meaningless labor. This fascination is not due to the nature of art itself, but to the way in which an artists works; he, and in our age, almost nobody else, is his own master. The idea of being one’s own master appeals to most human beings, and this is apt to lead to the fantastic hope that the capacity for artistic creation is universal, something nearly all human beings, by virtue, not by some special talent, but due to their humanity, could do if they tried.
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|Our view of history diminishes the reality of the past. We concentrate on the historic event as something that has happened, and in so doing we ignore it as a moment which, at the time, is happening.
Leo Tolstoy, Eleven Stories|You are all misleading one another, and are yourselves deceived. The sun does not go round the earth, but the earth goes round the sun, revolving as it goes, and turning towards the sun in the course of each twenty-four hours, not only Japan, and the Philippines, and Sumatra where we now are, but Africa, and Europe, and America, and many lands besides. The sun does not shine for some one mountain, or for some one island, or for some one sea, nor even for one earth alone, but for other planets as well as our earth. If you would only look up at the heavens, instead of at the ground beneath your own feet, you might all understand this, and would then no longer suppose that the sun shines for you, or for your country alone.
Sebastian Vettel|There are tragedies that happen all the time in America, but there are certain types of tragedies that kind of pull us together and make us pause and give us a chance to reflect about where we are, where we're going, and that sort of thing.
Confucius, The Analects|Am I a man of great wisdom? Hardly! Even when a simple person brings me a question, my mind goes utterly blank, I just thrash it out until I’ve exhausted every possibility.
Syed Ather|If God created our will, then he's responsible for every choice we make... So-- as I recall, the official philosophical answer is that free will doesn't exist. Only the illusion of free will, because the causes of hour behavior are so complex that we can't trace them back. If you've got one line of dominoes knocking each other down, one by one, then you can always say, look, this domino fell because that one pushed it. But when you have an infinite number of dominoes that can be traced back in an infinite number of directions, you can never find where the causal chain begins. So you think, That domino fell because it wanted to... Even if there is no such thing as free will, we have to treat each other as if there were free will in order to live together in society.
Alain de Botton, On Love|And then I went back into my room, locked into a sequence as perfect as a pattern, and I sat down on my great rock throne, invisible to the outside world but palpable beneath me, and from how my face felt I thought maybe I was crying, either because I didn’t want to do this or because I did, it was hard to tell and anyway I never would, who would believe me in either case and who would be there to believe me in all cases, it was a puzzle, I had yet to learn the way of the jigsaw, and so I positioned the rifle beneath my chin, it feels cold, like an actual thing in the actual present physical world, OK, there it is, I am here now, and then I lay down on my belly and listened to the rising squall beyond the door.
Marty Rubin|Success in love is mostly luck, though we hate to admit.
Jeremy Aldana|Pain will leave you, when you let go
D.L. Given|Like I’ve told you before, Beverly, I don’t care where we live as long as we’re together.” Vance... "The Elder Effect
Saad Salman|Sometimes in life, you have to take difficult steps and tough decisions, in order to achieve something bigger.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|The most reliable topic for small talk is the goings-on of stars whether they’re rising or falling, and whether nor not a particular story is truth or fiction. This is way out of balance. It invades the privacy of men and women who didn’t give up being human when they became famous, and it negates the meaning inherent in our own lives. (300)
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|She's not ashamed of loving, although those she's loved are few in number; it was/is sweet and true. She's only ashamed she used love as an excuse.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|I do not allow anybody to hurt me without my permission, because, I believe in no expectations, no disappointments, no hurting myself, just being me and my imaginative self. Trust me because, when I have expectations, I am setting myself up for disappointment.
Steve Harvey|A guy's who has all the money he needs and never faced any hard times, he won't have any character. But when you've had it tough and you've had it rough and you thought you were at the end of the rope and you work your way out of it, that's the way you build character.
L.A. Lewis, Tales of the Grotesque: A Collection of Uneasy Tales|Even in death, may you be triumphant
Miranda Hart|I did things like get in a cupboard before the teacher came in at the beginning of a lesson, and then, two minutes before the end of the class, I come out of the cupboard and go, 'Sorry I'm late.'
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man In The Arena:  Speeches and Essays by Theodore Roosevelt|They both listened silently to the water, which to them was not just water, but the voice of life, the voice of Being, the voice of perpetual Becoming.
Gavin Dunne|The internet, where everything is free except porn sites.
Matshona Dhliwayo|My dear poetry,There’s a likenessbetween your eyes and the stars–the same charming brilliance,my eyes have ever laid upon.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|Whether we walk among our people or alone among the hills, happiness in life's walking depends on how we feel about others in our hearts.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Noseless and Handless, the Lannister Boys.
Jacques-Yves Cousteau|For most of history, man has had to fight nature to survive; in this century he is beginning to realize that, in order to survive, he must protect it.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|No sun cream or condoms, just in case you’re looking at the lady-boys. There’s plenty of AIDS lingering about and every STD you can imagine.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|If you hear a song that makes you cry and you don’t want to cry anymore, you don’t listen to that song anymore. But you can’t get away from yourself. You can’t decide not to see yourself anymore. You can’t decide to turn off the noise in you head.
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|They say it came from Africa, carried in the screams of the enslaved; that it was the death bane of the Tainos, uttered just as one world perished and another began; that it was a demon drawn into Creation through the nightmare door that was cracked open in the Antilles. Fukú americanus, or more colloquially, fukú - generally a curse or doom of some kind; specifically the Curse and the Doom of the New World. No matter what its name or provenance, it is believed that the arrival of Europeans on Hispaniola unleashed fukú on the world, and we've all been in the shit ever since.
Shashi Deshpande|A wife should always be few feet behind her husband. If he is an MA you should be a BA.If he is 5'4'tall you shouldn't be more than 5'3'tall. If he is earning five hundred rupees you should never earn more than four hundred and ninety nine rupees.That's the only rule to follow if you want a happy marriage...No partnership can ever be equal.It will always be unequal, but take care it is unequal in favor of the husband. If the scales tilt in your favor, God help you, both of you.
Reggie Oliver, Best New Horror 24|Despite their displays of bravado, young boys can be peculiarly susceptible to atmosphere("Between Four Yews")
Akshay Vasu|We always become weaker when our soul gets into a stronger desire to own another. Like the way, our knees gets weaker when we see into their eyes. And the way, our hearts and minds defy every law of gravity and make us feel light and float into the infinity. The way, our soul bonds to theirs and becomes stronger. The way, their touch feels like thousands of stars bombarding together ripping us out of our senses and reality. Filling every void inside us, and how everything seems so right. Like a dream, that we never want to end. Like a dream, where we want to be lost forever and never want to find our way back home.
Vladimir Putin|There isn't much question that the person who obtained the WikiLeaks cables from a classified U.S. government network broke U.S. law and should expect to face the consequences. The legal rights of a website that publishes material acquired from that person, however, are much more controversial.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|You have to give 100 percent in the first half of the game. If that isn't enough, in the second half, you have to give what's left.
Derren Brown, Happy: Why More or Less Everything is Absolutely Fine|The abnegation of empathy in the case of something as complex and variable as sexual taste is a dangerous thing. The particular misfortune of the paedophile is not that he is a walking manifestation of evil but that his or her sexual development (as much subject to nature, nurture and questions of identity as any of ours) has resulted in a potentially very harmful and unacceptable attraction. We rightly call it a disorder because of these damaging effects, but merely reacting with horror will do little towards solving a complex and difficult issue stemming from a sexual drive as real and compulsive as any of us are used to.
Akshay Vasu|They celebrated the sins, while the kindness continued to weep in the corner. The swords of the demons shined brighter, while the wings of the angels were crumpled and bled.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|Patience was part of his nature, and he accepted his lot as a short-lived mammal, scurrying in and out amid the roots of the giants.
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|I think there’s a point in everyone’s life where they realize that despite their best efforts, they have no choice but to surrender. That carrying on will only bring them more pain or heartache. I don’t think there’s any way that we can avoid these moments. But I just want you to know that I’m not quite there yet.
George Santayana|Drones overall will be more impactful than I think people recognize, in positive ways to help society.
Nicola Lecca, Ritratto notturno|I just hope that one day, in one gloriously farcical moment I will be taken completely by surprise. I hope that I trip and fall. And when that day comes I hope that all of the doom and gloom that fill my black balloon will burst and ignite something so beautiful, so overwhelming that I find myself seeing beauty in the ugliest of places.
Amy Hennig|But I'll admit that he's kind of offensively delicious" "Like salt and vinegar potato chips" "Exactly
Zbigniew Brzeziński|We have a large public that is very ignorant about public affairs and very susceptible to simplistic slogans by candidates who appear out of nowhere, have no track record, but mouth appealing slogans
Marianne Williamson|Our kingdom is our life, and our life is our kingdom. We are all meant to rule from a glorious place. When God is on the throne, then so are we. When God is in exile, our lands are at war and our kingdoms are in chaos.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If your plan is not working, pivot. If it is working, do more of it!
Tom Robbins, Villa Incognito|Soul is not even that Crackerjack prize that God and Satan scuffle over after the worms have all licked our bones. That's why, when we ponder--as sooner or later each of us must--exactly what we ought to be doing about our soul, religion is the wrong, if conventional, place to turn. Religion is little more than a transaction in which troubled people trade their souls for temporary and wholly illusionary psychological comfort--the old give-it-up-in-order-to-save-it routine. Religions lead us to believe that the soul is the ultimate family jewel and that in return for our mindless obedience, they can secure it for us in their vaults, or at least insure it against fire theft. They are mistaken.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Breathtaking, splendid, wondrous, sublime, all those words describe you, exactly as you are. You are a work of art! Enjoy your beauty!
Adam Schiff|Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Peace Corps as it reached its 45th anniversary on March 1, 2006.
Rob Thurman|I have people in my life, of course. Some write; some don't. Some read; some don't. Some stare vacantly into space when I talk the geeky talk and walk the geeky walk, but they make killer chocolate chip pancakes and so all is forgiven.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Sex and love they choose the different paths. Love always leads to devotion, sacrifice, and dedication, which are forms of insanity and madness; but sex it is always about comfort, pleasure and power.
Tiffany Reisz, The Siren|There are only two reasons why you leave someone you're still in love with - either it's the right thing to do, or it's the only thing to do.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The secret of seeing is, then the pearl of great price. If I thought he could teach me to find it and keep it forever I would stagger barefoot across a hundred deserts after any lunatic at all. But although the pearl may be found, it may not be sought. The literature of illumination reveals this above all: although it comes to those who wait for it, it is always, even to the most practiced and adept, a gift and a total surprise. I return from one walk knowing where the killdeer nests in the field by the creek and the hour the laurel blooms. I return form the same walk a day later scarcely knowing my own name. Litanies hum in my ears; my tongue flaps in my mouth. Ailinon, alleluia!
M.D. Birmingham|The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed.
Tan Twan Eng, The Gift of Rain|The mind forgets, but the heart will always remember. And what is the heart's memory but love itself?
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|That's the funny thing about America--the blessed thing. As many people as there are to hold you back, there are angels whose humanity makes up for all the others. I've had my share of angels.
Saeed Jones, Prelude to Bruise|PRETENDING TO DROWNThe only regret is that I waitedlonger than a breathto scatter the sun's reflectionwith my body.New stars burst upon the waterwhen you pulled me in.On the shore, our clothesbegged us to be good boys again.Every stick our feet toucheda snapping turtle, every shadowa water moccasin.Excuses to swim closer to one another.I sank into the depths to see youas the lake saw you: cut in halfby the surface, taut legs kicking,the rest of you sky.Suddenly still, a clear viewof what you knew I wantedto see.When I resurfaced, slick grin,knowing glance; you pushed meback under.I pretended to drown,then swallowed you whole.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never allow your head to be buried in the grave of the fearful, mediocrity, and purposeless. Get up and begin to produce something great with your life. Stand out and stand tall.
Louise Slaughter|It's amazing to me that, in the 42 years since President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, women today still receive fewer wages than men for the same work.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|They're looking for guys like us, he says, young and hungry, not done yet. I say I'm not hungry, Rick, all I am is angry. He says that'll do just fine.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Both moths and butterflies are drawn to the light. However, they both react differently to alternate shades of it. The moth prefers the moon and detests the sun, while the butterfly loves the sun and detests the moon. If our physical compositions are made to emulate the universe, then it makes sense for some of us to have more light or darkness inside our hearts than others — or that one is drawn closer to the sun versus the moon.
Tana French, Faithful Place|I've always loved strong women, which is lucky for me because once you're over about twenty-five there is no other kind. Women blow my mind. The stuff that routinely gets done to them would make most men curl up and die, but women turn to steel and keep on coming. Any man who claims he's not into strong women is fooling himself mindless; he's into strong women who know how to pout prettily and put on baby voices, and who will end up keeping his balls in her makeup bags.
Mort W. Lumsden, Citations: A Brief Anthology|I hate math. It's hard, it's stupid, and it's nature's way of separating spinsters from women who end up breeding.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I love you," I said, and stabbed him.
William Berger, Puccini Without Excuses|Without Puccini, there is no opera; without opera, the world is an even drearier place than the evening news would have us think.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Time by time the human being needs a love more than religion, at that time the world more peacefully
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|I have come from the End of the World. From the River of Dreams, through the gauntlet and the Briar and the Deep Wyld, in order to stand before you today. I have but one request—to take my place at your side. To resume my duty as your knight, and to protect you and your kingdom for as long as I draw breath.
Grimes|For me, French is so rich and so sacred that learning it is like learning a foreign language.
Dorothy Parker|For of all sad words of tongue or pen  The saddest are these: "It might have been!"
H.L. Balcomb, Cinderella In Focus: "Curiosity is the doorway to our personal possibility!" 2nd Edition coming Oct.  31, 2017|I don't ever want to make the mistake of needing him as much as or more than he needs me. But there's no denying that sometimes, when we sleep together in the dark cavern of the bottom bunk, his big brother thrashing around on top, the white noise machine grinding out its fake rain, the green digital clock announcing every hour, Iggy's small body holds mine.
Alexander Hamilton|Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|I feel no grief for being called somethingwhichI am not;in fact, it's enthralling, somehow, like a goodback rub
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|Will this be in the examination, Mr Hecker?" was the limit of my students' interest in any given subject. If it was going to be in the test they took notes, if it was not going to be in the test they did not take notes. Their silent, depthless stares were unnerving. I told myself that they were not stupid - for how could the final attainment of thousands of years of human progress be stupid?
Nurudeen Ushawu|I think there some kind of instinct connection between me and children. When I see children I find it quiet hard to take my eyes off them, and I could not hold my smile either. I really love their simplicity and innocence. If everyone would've have been childlike, not childish, the world would be a better place.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Arguments for preservation based on the beauty of wilderness are sometimes treated as if they were of little weight because they are "merely aesthetic". That is a mistake. We go to great lengths to preserve the artistic treasures of earlier human civilisations. It is difficult to imagine any economic gain that we would be prepared to accept as adequate compensation for, for instance, the destruction of the paintings in the Louvre. How should we compare the aesthetic value of wilderness with that of the paintings in the Louvre? Here, perhaps, judgment does become inescapably subjective; so I shall report my own experiences. I have looked at the paintings in the Louvre, and in many of the other great galleries of Europe and the United States. I think I have a reasonable sense of appreciation of the fine arts; yet I have not had, in any museum, experiences that have filled my aesthetic senses in the way that they are filled when I walk in a natural setting and pause to survey the view from a rocky peak overlooking a forested valley, or by a stream tumbling over moss-covered boulders set amongst tall tree-ferns, growing in the shade of the forest canopy, I do not think I am alone in this; for many people, wilderness is the source of the greatest feelings of aesthetic appreciation, rising to an almost mystical intensity.
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|Fighting can be like champagne. It can go to the head of a coward as quickly as of a hero. Anyone has the ability to be brave on a battlefield; when you are forced with the choice of: Be brave or... be killed.You may not realize it, but most of us have the chance to be heroes off the battlefield. When we take a stance and find our inner courage, instead of looking the other direction when we encounter evilness or oppression.
Jessica Szohr|I was on Oprah's show recently talking about the people who impacted me the most. One was a teacher and one was my soccer coach. I didn't even go into my family, who had the most influence.
Brinton Crane|These revolutions are born of hope, and their philosophies are formally optimistic.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Being a doctor, you are not supposed to give vent to any signs of revulsion on encountering the most noxious of odours or the most gruesome of sights.
Philip K. Dick, Philip K. Dick: The Last Interview and Other Conversations|The greatest power one human being can exert over others is to control their perceptions of reality, and infringe on the integrity and individuality of their world. This is done in politics, in psychotherapy.
Charles Bracelen Flood, Lee The Last Years|In rural and struggling Lexington, Virginia, Lee's new postwar home, one writer joked darkly dollars were so scarce that they had to be introduced to one another when they met on Main Street.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|But plants grow again," She murmured, focusing on the verdant beauty around her. "They put down new roots, create room for themselves in foreign soil.
Nikki Rowe|...and no man gave you a fur coat without expecting to receive something inreturn. Except for one's husband, of course, who expected nothing beyond modest gratitude.
Nely Cab, Marker of Hope|Fight for faith, and hope will be born.
Beth Fantaskey, Jekel Loves Hyde|Then the other door opened. I wen't rigid. If I had thought Reth's was beautiful, it was nothing to this soul. It filled the night with light, dancing and rippling like the reflection on a pond. I hadn't seen many souls, but I knew this one was special. I wanted it. I needed it.
Gabby Rivera, Juliet Takes a Breath|It's about women of color owning their own space and their voices being treated with dignity and respect. It's about women of color not having to shout over voices to be heard. We are the dominant force almost all the time. White women are the stars of all the movies. White women are the lead speakers in feminist debates, and it's little white girls that send the nation into a frenzy when they've been kidnapped. ...check your privilege. We're the ones that need to give women of color space for their voices.
L. Frank Baum, The Road to Oz|What is the nature of the border between truth and lies? It is permeable and blurred because it is planted thick with rumour, confabulation, misunderstandings and twisted tales. Truth can break the gates down, truth can howl in the street; unless truth is pleasing, personable and easy to like, she is condemned to stay whimpering at the back door.
John Salley|Unfortunately, diet is 75 or 80 percent of trying to get in shape, so you do have to try to cut the carbs. The diet's a huge part! I'm from Kansas, so I love ranch dressing and McDonald's. When I'm working, I have to stay away from all that!
Friedrich Nietzsche|O my brothers, I dedicate and direct you to a new nobility: you shall become procreators and cultivators and sowers of the future — verily, not to a nobility that you might buy like shopkeepers and with shopkeepers' gold: for whatever has its price has little value. Not whence you came shall henceforth constitute your honor, but whither you are going! Your will and your foot which has a will to go over and beyond yourselves — that shall constitute your new honor.
Gina Burgess, Refreshment in Refuge|Do not support your friend in his sin today, for tomorrow he is getting converted and he will a shame you.
Andy Stanley, Ask It: The Question That Will Revolutionize How You Make Decisions|I won't do that when I'm a parent. I'll make different mistakes, of course.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Anytime I see a rainbow, what comes into my mind is how skillful and talented someone was to create an ark that didn't leak through a prolong period of flood. We must work our talents out and work them out skillfully and then our rainbow of excellence will show.
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|Irony of the Fact:Half of our time we waste, thinking how to manage our time.
James McAvoy|There are moments of life that we never forget, which brighten and brighten as time steals away.
Björk|Now that rock is turning 50, it's become classical itself. It's interesting to see that development.
Collette West, Game Changer|And here I thought I'd get by on my charm and good looks.""That'll get you a first date. It won't get you a second one with anyone who'd be suitable." When he laughed, she look up from her notes. Holy hell, the man had laugh lines to rival his little brother's. Then what he'd said hit her. "My God, did you just make a joke?""It's been known to happen.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Too-lateness, I realized, has nothing to do with age. Too-lateness is potentially every moment. Or not, depending on the person and the moment. Perhaps there even comes a time when it's no longer too late for anything. Perhaps, even, most times are too early for most things, and most of life has to go by before it's time for almost anything and too late for almost nothing. Nothing to lose, the present moment to gain, the integration with long-delayed Now.
Auliq-Ice|Positive emotions like compassion and loving kindness engender in us a deep sense of peace and serenity, and benefits others as well.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|Disease was a perverse, a dissolute form of life. And life? Life itself? Was it perhaps only an infection, a sickening of matter? Was that which one might call the original procreation of matter only a disease, a growth produced by morbid stimulation of the immaterial? The first step toward evil, toward desire and death, was taken precisely then, when there took place that first increase in the density of the spiritual, that pathologically luxuriant morbid growth, produced by the irritant of some unknown infiltration; this, in part pleasurable, in part a motion of self-defence, was the primeval stage of matter, the transition from the insubstantial to the substance. This was the Fall. The second creation, the birth of the organic out of the inorganic, was only another fatal stage in the progress of the corporeal toward consciousness, just as disease in the organism was an intoxication, a heightening and unlicensed accentuation of its physical state; and life, life was nothing but the next step on the reckless path of the spirit dishonored; nothing but the automatic blush of matter roused to sensation and become receptive for that which awaked it.
Steve Irwin|Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long.
John F. Kerry|There are no drivers like Formula One drivers. They are engineers, in a way. They are driving manual cars one-handed at 200 miles per hour around streets in Monaco. These cars use the ultimate in technology.
Carolyn Murphy|I need my friends, I need my house, I need my garden.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I have a bad habit of dropping verbal pellets to get a reaction, like Ursula LeGuin’s “A novelist’s business is lying” (that particular one got a lot of attention on Facebook), or, “Why is it that Christians hate the word ‘sex’?
D.F. Monk, Tales of Yhore: The Chronicles of Monch|Wynter's Pass was a picturesque region in the north of Vohlfhein, where the Bleak Hills eventually collapsed into the Frozen Sea. From the back of Mr. Buckles, who had been on a slow trot since sunrise, Monch watched the light glisten off of the frozen branches of the evergreens. As the sun warmed the frozen ground, sending the evening's frost into retreat, Monch absorbed the splendor of it all and wondered how expensive the local real estate must be around here. He then contemplated attempting to find an agent that would represent his interests well."This land is such a spectacular wonder," the Lion of Ahriman declared. "It would be very much sought after if they could just do something about the bears, the White Orts, the wolves, the bloodthirsty cannibals, the snow manapés, the frost wizards, the northern bandit gangs, the dire lynxes, the similarly sounding but not related pygmy bloodthirsty cannibals, the demon possessed yaks, the dead-soul animated trees, the..." Monch paused for a moment."It just occurred to me that this land is really not safe at all. It seems almost everything in it wants to kill me," the Templar admitted.
Debasish Mridha|When you're calling for God, whom you are calling?When you trying to find the Godwhom you're looking for? When you're thinking about Godwhom you're thinking of?When you're praying for God,for whom are you praying for?You're calling for your true self.You're looking for your true self.You're thinking of your true selfand you're praying to you to reveal your true self.You're the truth, you're the God, you're eternal.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|It was at times like this that one of those waves of bestiality ran through the mine, the sudden lust of the male that came over a miner when he met one of these girls on all fours, with her rear in the air and her buttocks busting out of her breeches.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|I heard the universe as an oratorio sung by a master choir of stars, accompanied by the orchestra of the planets and the percussion of satellites and moons. The aria they performed was a song to break the heart, full of tragic dissonance and deferred hope, and yet somewhere beneath it all was a piercing refrain of glory, glory, glory. And I sensed that not only the grand movements of the cosmos, but everything that had happened in my life, was a part of that song. Even the hurts that seemed most senseless, the mistakes I would have done anything to erase--nothing could make those things good, but good could still come out of them all the same, and in the end the oratorio would be no less beautiful for it.
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|Brave doesn't always involve grand gestures, sometimes brave looks like staying when you want to leave, telling the truth when all you want to do is change the subject... sometimes brave looks like boring, and thats totally, absolutely, okay.
Ray Bradbury, Farewell Summer|His library was a fine dark place bricked with books, so anything could happen there and always did. All you had to do was pull a book from the shelf and open it and suddenly the darkness was not so dark anymore.
Joel Osteen|God never said that we wouldn’t have unfair situations, that we wouldn’t experience loss. But He promised if we would stay in faith, He would restore everything that was stolen.
Anthony T. Hincks|Anyone can be anything, irrespective of their stars;Anyone can be anything, irrespective of their sex (or orientation, if you may);Anyone can be anything, irrespective of their age;Anyone can be anything, irrespective of their size;Anyone can be anything, irrespective of their religion (or choice of nonconformity);Anyone can be anything, irrespective of their colour (or absence thereof);Anyone can be anything, irrespective of any previous defining moments;Anyone can be anything, irrespective of anything;Even if, just, for a while.It all comes from a place of choice, will, and determination.And if you, probably, wonder if I blunder when I juggle such trivial and contrasting ideologies,That’s simply because I can be just about anything.CHECK: Anyone can be anything, but not everything is expedient for everyone.
Sachin Tendulkar|Every year I spend one month just sailing, but I still work when I'm on the boat. You never separate work from leisure. A boat is like a magic world, like a little island.
Norris B. Finlayson, Tree Farm Days|My plans for the future are to serve more and better, to worry less about the things that are unimportant, to let my wife and children know how much I love them, to openly support whatever I can see is good, to appreciate and to encourage everyone in the best way possible, and, in short, to do more of what makes life meaningful.
Basil Hume|I hope this view of the question may be a mistaken one, because it does not seem to me very unlikely that the suffrage will be granted to women.
Theodore Volgoff, God Gets A Checkup|Conventional eating habits violate all of the rules of food combining in the preceding chapters and, since the majority of people manage to live for at least a few years and to "enjoy" their aches and pains and their frequent "spells of sickness," few of them are willing to give any intelligent consideration to their eating habits. They usually declare, when the subject of food combining comes up, that they eat all of the condemned combinations regularly and it does not hurt them. Life and death, health and disease are mere matters of accident to them. Unfortunately they are encouraged in this view by medical advisers.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|He handed me something done up in paper. 'Your mask,' he said. 'Don't put it on until we get past the city-limits.' It was a frightening-looking thing when I did so. It was not a mask but a hood for the entire head, canvas and cardboard, chalk-white to simulate a skull, with deep black hollows for the eyes and grinning teeth for the mouth. The private highway, as we neared the house, was lined on both sides with parked cars. I counted fifteen of them as we bashed by; and there must have been as many more ahead, in the other direction. We drew up and he and I got out. I glanced in cautiously over my shoulder at the driver as we went by, to see if I could see his face, but he too had donned one of the death-masks.'Never do that,' the Messenger warned me in a low voice. 'Never try to penetrate any other member's disguise.' The house was as silent and lifeless as the last time - on the outside. Within it was a horrid, crawling charnel-house alive with skull-headed figures, their bodies encased in business-suits, tuxedos, and evening dresses. The lights were all dyed a ghastly green or ghostly blue, by means of colored tissue-paper sheathed around them. A group of masked musicians kept playing the Funeral March over and over, with brief pauses in between. A coffin stood in the center of the main living-room. I was drenched with sweat under my own mask and sick almost to death, even this early in the game.At last the Book-keeper, unmasked, appeared in their midst.Behind him came the Messenger. The dead-head guests all applauded enthusiastically and gathered around them in a ring.Those in other rooms came in. The musicians stopped the Death Match. The Book-keeper bowed, smiled graciously. 'Good evening, fellow corpses,' was his chill greeting. 'We are gathered together to witness the induction of our newest member.' There was an electric tension. 'Brother Bud!' His voice rang out like a clarion in the silence. 'Step forward.' ("Graves For Living")
Heather Brewer, Ninth Grade Slays|People says it gets easier. People are stupid."-Vlad
William Saroyan|Although I write in English, and despite the fact that I’m from America, I consider myself an Armenian writer. The words I use are in English, the surroundings I write about are American, but the soul, which makes me write, is Armenian. This means I am an Armenian writer and deeply love the honor of being a part of the family of Armenian wrtiters.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Now-what’s our game plan?”	Coach Hedge belched. He’d already had three espressos and a plate of doughnuts, along with two napkins and another flower from the vase on the table. He would’ve eaten the silverware, except Piper had slapped his hand.	“Climb the mountain,” Hedge said. “Kill everything except Piper’s dad. Leave.”	“Thank you General Eisenhower,” Jason grumbles.
Derrick Jensen, A Language Older Than Words|Malin had been born and bred in an upper-class family. Was that the cause of his dissillusionment and bitterness with that way of life? The way he could have peace of mind therefore, was by detaching himself from that way of life and battling against it. Would Prince Siddharta have renounced the world if he had been born into poverty?
James Gleick|Innovation is what we're going to need for the future, and that's always been a part of the technology industry.
Muse, Enigmatic Evolution|PartingOne is strong, a child now grownThe other weak, a parent aged-The strong once feebleThe weak once mighty-Time, the infinityhas marked them...
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Bad writing is more than a matter of shit syntax and faulty observation; bad writing usually arises from a stubborn refusal to tell stories about what people actually do― to face the fact, let us say, that murderers sometimes help old ladies cross the street.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Do you believe in God, Evan?”“Sure I do.”“I don’t. I mean, I don’t know. I did before the Others came. Or thought I did, when I thought about it at all. And then they came and…” I have to stop for a second to collect myself. “Maybe there’s a God. Sammy thinks there is. But he also thinks there’s a Santa Claus. Still, every night I said his prayer with him, and it didn’t have anything to do with me. It was about Sammy and what he believed, and if you could have seen him take that fake soldier’s hand and follow him onto that bus…”I’m losing it, and it doesn’t matter to me much. Crying is always easier in the dark. Suddenly my cold hand is blanketed by Evan’s warmer one, and his palm is as soft and smooth as the pillowcase beneath my cheek.“It kills me,” I sob. “The way he trusted. Like the way we trusted before they came and blew the whole goddamned world apart. Trusted that when it got dark there would be light. Trusted that when you wanted a fucking strawberry Frappuccino you could plop your ass in the car, drive down the street, and get yourself a fucking strawberry Frappuccino! Trusted…
Sarah Rees Brennan|We need a vibrant Medicaid program and strategies to expand affordable access to health care for all, especially for the specialty care services that community health centers do not provide.
Marvin H. McIntyre|The lights flickered, the pain went away, and her mother was holding her, singing ‘Sleep sweet sleep’. (The Children of Ankh series) Kim Cormack
Megan Duke, Ninety Degrees: A Precursor to Small Circles|If we keep punishing people for what their parents or their ancestors have done, the world as a whole can never move forward. Society will never grow.” -Triven
Shane Snow|It's not about the games it's about practice and when you practice, go hard!!
Mark Brightlife|You are aggressive", says the emotional abusive.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|There was a sky somewhere above the tops of the buildings, with stars and a moon and all the things there are in a sky, but they were content to think of the distant street lights as planets and stars. If the lights prevented you from seeing the heavens, then preform a little magic and change reality to fit the need. The street lights were now planets and stars and moon. 
Nancy Straight, Blood Debt|I can't see the future. But when I dreamed of the future, he was the one I was tied to.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|You mean to tell me that you have made a human friend? It could be dangerous and I must urge it to end! Deetkatu, where is your sense?” Grampa's tone was abruptly tense.Grampa Foster, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Levon Peter Poe|We are all an instrument with a special notation to our individual identity. When you incorporate many beautiful notes together, you envelop a harmonious orchestra.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|You have a conscience, and a conscience is a valuable attribute, but not if it begins to make you think you were to blame for what is far beyond the scope of your responsibility.
John M. Keller, Abracadabrantesque|Speculation was now news. News had been confused with fact. Fact had been replaced by expert opinion. People had been replaced by their biographies. Ability had been replaced by disability. Thinking had been replaced by psychology. History had been reduced to story. And while the news media pumped out a new story every week on things that could kill you, Hollywood simultaneously created stories that showed that everything could be prevailed over. Meaning, he said, was so malleable that it could be turned inside out, and no one would know the difference—and it would—and, just like the universe that had expanded to its maximum size, everything that had ever been would happen in reverse and revert back to its original form until existence would disappear without leaving a trace of itself as the Big Bang backfired.
Don Roff|Always mystify, torture, mislead, and surprise the audience as much as possible.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|The Kony campaign us an example of how powerful 'slacktivisim' can be, and demonstrates that, with enough worldwide awareness and social pressure, movements like this one have the power to make politicians move. It also makes the ignorant less so. No-one knew who Kony was before the campaign. The atrocities were happening, and it wasn't even a blip on the social consciousness radar. It's encouraging that there's a way to spread information like this so quickly.
Joaquin Lowe, Bullet Catcher|She's been trained to put that moment off as long as she could stand and fight, to slash and burn, and take out as many as humanly possible. Because under the strength, the wit and the endless training was the knowledge that some day, some way, she wouldn't be fast enough, smart enough, lucky enough.And the monster would win.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|It was then that she realized she still had God. He was the only one who hadn't left her. He knew who she was, even if he didn't. A single tear formed in the corner of her eye as she thanked God for not abandoning her - especially when she needed Him most.
Sujish Kandampully|If you work out, you will loss weight.
Zeena Schreck, Beatdom #11: The Nature Issue|As she turned left to the gateway, it occurred to her that swimming was only one of a very large number of things she had no idea what to do. Peter had been right to object to her ignorance. "It's not that I'm lazy," she explained to Waif as they arrived in what seemed to be stables, "or stupid. I've just not bothered to look round the edges of Mother's way of doing things, you see.
David Mitchell|The last of the cherry blossom. On the tree, itturns ever more perfect. And when it’s perfect, it falls. And then of course once it hits theground it gets all mushed up. So it’s only absolutely perfect when it’s falling through the air,this way and that, for the briefest time!.!.!.
Angelos Michalopoulos, Basking in the Wrong Kind of Sunshine|Each time you stare at a blank page, you end up staring at yourself.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Even if you delegate that responsibility, ultimately you are the one responsible for howyour brand is portrayed.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|I am also open minded to embrace strange notions and respect its bearers without harsh judgement. Exposure has made me feel confident and wiser to choose what feels right for me, in order to be the best human being for myself and others.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day|The pages aren't numbered, so I don't know whether I have the beginning or end or whether it's in sequence but these days I'm not really looking for continuity.All I'm after is something that makes sense to me.
Kim Fielding, Brute|it seemed to him that no matter what evils a man had committed, making him suffer purely for the sake of suffering was pointless. It didn't undo the harm he had wrought; it didn't please anyone or improve anyone's life.
M.A. McRae|Note that acceptance is different from approval. Acceptance is simply saying, “It is so.
Joë Bousquet|If anything might hurt her, silence would; and I wanted to hurt her.
Alexandre Dumas|Mirrors are dangerous things. They can just as easily tell us what we don't like as what we do. Yet in truth you can't tell anything from a reflection, as a reflection is actually empty.
Muhammad Yunus|In our production-oriented society, being busy, having an occupation, has become one of the main ways, if not the main way, of identifying ourselves. Without an occupation, not just our economic security but our very identity is endangered.
Steven Wright|It was the first time I was ever in love, and I learned a lot. Before that I'd never even thought about killing myself.
NoViolet Bulawayo|This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. For if I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all those likewise that have been attributed to it, this up bringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up. This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance, the gap will never be filled. Forever I shall be a stranger to myself. In psychology as in logic, there are truths but no truth. Socrates' "Know thyself" has as much value as the "Be virtuous" of our confessionals. They reveal a nostalgia at the same time as an ignorance. They are sterile exercises on great subjects. They are legitimate only in precisely so far as they are approximate.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|All right people, listen up! If you've got a family back home waiting for you or if you just want to save your own skin, turn around and walk away. Also, women! I have no intention of fighting any women!
Kresley Cole, Demon from the Dark|If the bonus army conquered Washington the lawyer had a boat hidden in the Sacramento River, and he was going to row upstream for a few months and then come back “because they always needed lawyers after a revolution to straighten out all the legal side.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For God’s sake, take the religion out of your life or all kind of absurdities will take the reason out of your life! Keep God, get rid of religion! God, Love and Science; the Magnificent Trinity! All you need is these three things!
Nathan Filer, The Shock of the Fall|I couldn’t trust my own emotions. Which emotional reactions were justified, if any? And which ones were tainted by the mental illness of BPD? I found myself fiercely guarding and limiting my emotional reactions, chastising myself for possible distortions and motivations. People who had known me years ago would barely recognize me now. I had become quiet and withdrawn in social settings, no longer the life of the party. After all, how could I know if my boisterous humor were spontaneous or just a borderline desire to be the center of attention? I could no longer trust any of my heart felt beliefs and opinions on politics, religion, or life. The debate queen had withered. I found myself looking at every single side of an issue unable to come to any conclusions for fear they might be tainted. My lifelong ability to be assertive had turned into a constant state of passivity.
Cornell Woolrich|And what percentage of people take up the option to die off?’ She looked at me, her glance telling me to be calm. ‘Oh, a hundred per cent, of course. Over many thousands of years, calculated by old time, of course. But yes, everyone takes the option, sooner or later.’‘So it’s just like the first time round? You always die in the end?’‘Yes, except don’t forget the quality of life here is much better. People die when they decide they’ve had enough, not before. The second time round it’s altogether more satisfying because it’s willed.’ She paused, then added, ‘As I say, we cater for what people want.’I hadn’t been blaming her. I’m not that sort. I just wanted to find out how the system worked. ‘So … even people, religious people, who come here to worship God throughout eternity … they end up throwing in the towel after a few years, hundred years, thousand years?’‘Certainly. As I said, there are still a few Old Heaveners around, but their numbers are diminishing all the time.
C.S. Lewis|I never heard weeping like that before or after; not from a child, nor a man wounded in the palm, nor a tortured man, nor a girl dragged off to slavery from a taken city. If you heard the woman you most hate in the world weep so, you would go to comfort her. You would fight your way through fire and spears to reach her. And I knew who wept, and what had been done to her, and who had done it.
Emil M. Cioran, Tears and Saints|As long as one believes in philosophy, one is healthy; sickness begins when one starts to think.
Bobby Knight|In order to achieve positive results, one must work for them, not hope for them.
Barbara Olson|We have to recognize that the freedom of the individual has to be protected not only from the power of the state, but even more so from economic and societal power.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Sure, I might not be someone to look up to, but you're no role model either.
Steven Yeun|I'm very lucky that people are able to say, 'Oh, that's that Moody Blues guy!' I'm very fortunate with that. That's all. Without the songs, I think, I'd just be a pretty average karaoke singer. In the end, it comes down to the songs: the strength of the songs.
Jeffrey Zeldman|I'd like to be able to design as easily as if I was using Photoshop. I'd like to be able to create a multicolumn layout and control source order without having to do advanced mathematics or hire Eric Meyer or Dan Cederholm to figure out the CSS, because I can't.
Kimberly McCreight, Reconstructing Amelia|Certainly she could never have exchanged pleasantries with anyone. What would there be for them to say anyway? Sorry? Sorry your daughter is dead, Sorry your daughter jumped off the roof of her school when you were on your way to pick her up. Sorry you were late. Too bad you'll be reliving that failure for the rest of your miserable life.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Mags seemed to attract trouble wherever she went. The Raploch Estate in Stirling was a nice backdrop, a middleclass place to live and bring up your kids until the scourge of drugs took a grip of its sons and daughters, like any other quiet township. The more the people needed drugs, the rougher and more violent the place became.
Michael R. Underwood, Geekomancy|Dear Lynda Carter, Please be with me in my hour of need. Especially if I don't have to twirl around to get my powers.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|What does it mean to live in truth? Putting it negatively is easy enough: it means not lying, not hiding, and not dissimulating.
Ilsa J. Bick, Drowning Instinct|...she said all writers were prima donnas, drunks, social misfits, pompous, or depressed. Brilliant, maybe, but completely crazy.
Erika G. Edwards, The Guardian Chronicles: Guardian|Miss Breland was fairly tall for afemale. She had to be about 5'10." The black skinny jeans that shewore made her legs even more impossibly lengthened. The jeanswere paired with a soft gray Angora sweater that hugged herpetite frame. Just before she turned to take her seat, she lookedup directly into my eyes, and smiled shyly. She was a beautifulcreature.
August Wilson|An architect must remember that the people working or living in his building need space - to dream, to be quiet, to find beauty somewhere.
John Dewey, Art as Experience|Like the soil, mind is fertilized while it lies fallow, until a new burst of bloom ensues.
Ahmed Zewail|If I hadn't had the experience of being famous, I would have searched for it my whole life. I would have just gone on and on trying to find it.
Talen Williams, Suburban High|Stick by your friends, and they'll help resolve your issues. Or, at the very least, help you forget they exist for a while.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|If men could see us as we really are, they would be a little amazed; but the cleverest, the acutest men are often under an illusion about women: they do not read them in a true light: they misapprehend them, both for good and evil: their good woman is a queer thing, half doll, half angel; their bad woman almost always a fiend.
H.L. Mencken|It seems to be difficult if not impossible for human beings to avoid thinking of government as mystical entity with a nature and a history all its own. It constitutes for them a creature somehow interposed between themselves and the great flow of cosmic events, and they look to it to think for them and to protect them. In democratic countries it is theoretically their agent, but there seems to be a strong tendency to convert the presumably free citizen into its agent, or at all events, its client. This exalted view of its scope, character, powers and autonomy is fundamentally false. A government at bottom is nothing more than a group of men, and as a practical matter most of them are inferior men…. Yet these nonentities, by the intellectual laziness of men in general, have come to a degree of puissance in the world that is unchallenged by that of any other group. Their fiats, however preposterous, are generally obeyed as a matter of duty, they are assumed to have a kind of wisdom that is superior to ordinary wisdom, and the lives of multitudes are willingly sacrificed in their interest.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A true understand of oneself is vital. Writing enables us to act as a sun in our own universe, to become the perfect overseer, and observe the innumerable changes in the seasons of life. Writing is an intense form of self-exploration, and through thoughtful encounters with the humble self, we grow, and that growth diminishes unhappiness and creates joy.
محمد عبد الرحمن العريفي, Enjoy Your Life|Do not earn wealth and lose people, for earning people is a way of earning wealth.
Confucius|Wenn du weißt, behaupte, dass du es weißt. Und wenn du etwas nicht weißt, gib zu, dass du es nicht weißt. Das ist Wissen.
Christa Parravani|Dance, dance for meDance with the starsLaugh, laugh for meWherever you areSing, sing out loudLike angels doRemember meThe way I'll remember youLove, love for meWith all your soulCry, cry for meAs I grow oldSee, see me from the edge of Heaven's eyeFeel for me 'cause feelings never dieI'll remember youMy very special friendUntil we meet again(By Carrie Hamilton, Carol Burnett's daughter)
Bonnie Gaunt, Beginnings: The Sacred Design|In the pentagram, the Pythagoreans found all proportions well-known in antiquity: arithmetic, geometric, harmonic, and also the well-known golden proportion, or the golden ratio. ... Probably owing to the perfect form and the wealth of mathematical forms, the pentagram was chosen by the Pythagoreans as their secret symbol and a symbol of health. - Alexander Voloshinov [As quoted in Stakhov]
Dean Koontz|If we walk far enough," says Dorothy, "we shall sometime come to someplace.
Will Rogers|Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Michelle Franklin, The Ship's Crew: A Marridon Novella|He pointed at the caiques, but Peppone declined the librarian’s offer, saying only, “Do you think the proprietor of the inn where we met will report us?”	“The money I left him was more than enough to silence his alarms,” said Danaco. “Gold has an amazing habit of altering memories.
Ron Howard|Sometimes you want to go for a walk and you don't want to be watched. You just want to be anonymous and blend in. Especially when I travel, I feel that way, because I can't really go out and see a city the way other people can and I miss out on a lot.
Carola Dibbell, The Only Ones|After all, Ignatius of Loyola, a soldier who had killed and whored and made a thorough mess of his soul, said you could judge prayer worthwhile simply if you could act more decently, think more clearly afterward. As D.W. once told him, “Son, sometimes it’s enough just to act less like a shithead.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|To have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever.
Surgeo Bell|WATCH out for your surroundings, UPGRADE your mindset and keep FOCUS.
Dada Bhagwan|Without morality and ethics there is no religion (dharma), the foundation of religion is morality and ethics.
James P. Carse, Finite and Infinite Games: A Vision of Life as Play and Possibility|He suddenly exploded in a flurry of arms and legs, out of which flew a ball.
Louise Penny|Eventually he'd let the answering machine take over and had hidden in his studio. Where he's hidden all his life. From the monster. He could feel itin their bedroom now. He could feel its tail swishing by him. Feel its hot, fetid breath.All his life he knew if he was quiet enough, small enough, it wouldnn't see him. If he didn't make a fuss, didn't speak up, it wouldn't hear him, wouldn't hurt him. If he was beyond criticism and hid his cruelty with a smile and good deeds, it wouldn't devour him. By now he realized there was no hiding. It would always be there, and always find him. He was the monster.
Jeff Foxworthy|Although we must change the ways we protect our country, we must also guard against policies that appear attractive but offer little real protection and may even impede our ability to protect ourselves.
Abdulsalam Unshur|It is not easy to let go, but when you do; not only do you realize the strength that lies within you, you also create an opportunity to see God perform the best of miracles in your life
Henry Petroski|To hear both critics and defenders talk about the fitness of Judge Sonia Sotomayor for the Supreme Court, you'd think the most successful Supreme Court justices had been warm, collegial consensus-builders. But history tells a different story.
Jessa Crispin, The Dead Ladies Project: Exiles, Expats, and Ex-Countries|He was telling an interesting anecdote full of exciting words like "encyclopedia" and "rhododendron".
Erin O'Connor|My wife loves cars, but the difference is she doesn't have 20 years of understanding the background of them. She basically drives them and uses her gut feelings as to which is best.
Avijeet Das|Love is when you have not been home for three months and call up home and your daughter picks up the phone and says "Papa, I love you!
Zaha Hadid|When I visit any cathedral, it reminds me of being with my grandparents. They weren't particularly religious, but my grandfather was obsessed with architecture.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|In the distant future I see open fields for far more important researches. Psychology will be based on a new foundation, that of the necessary acquirement of each mental power and capacity by gradation. Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history.
Anna Pavlova|Teaching was the hardest work I had ever done, and it remains the hardest work I have done to date.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|He thought about that visionary lady. To die, he thought, never knowing the fierce joy and attendant comfort of a loved one's embrace. To sink into that hideous coma, to sink then into death and, perhaps, return to sterile, awful wanderings. All without knowing what it was to love and be loved.That was a tragedy more terrible than becoming a vampire.
John Bruna|When we forgive others, we give ourselves permission to let go of our own suffering.
Dan Lipinski|The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|I'm too young, too smart and too good-looking to die.
Tania Unsworth, The One Safe Place|What if you're chicken? What if you're more chicken than chicken soup?" Malloy said. Kit gave him a long, hard look. "Then you pretend you're not. You pretend so hard it comes true.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Smartass Disciple: Master, I feel really really confused about the truth.Master of Stupidity: Only confused? Walk in my shoes then you tell me.
Thomas McGuane|Be fun! I don't like homes or rooms that don't have a sense of humor or have some sense of whimsy or a personality. Your home should reflect who you are, and what you love. I would never have something in my home because it's the thing to have. I have to love it and it needs some connection to me.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|For after all, what is there behind, except money? Money for the right kind of education, money for influential friends, money for leisure and peace of mind, money for trips to Italy. Money writes books, money sells them. Give me not righteousness, O lord, give me money, only money.
Harold Bloom, Eugene O'Neill|The beauty of theatre was that it was a moving, changing art form—only those who watch the same performance night in after night out see the real naturalistic drama at work—the small changes, adjustments, changes in articulation or intonation, the addition of a cough or hiccup, a longer pause rife with more (or less) meaning, the character’s movement across the stage a step slower, a step closer to the audience, the change of a word here and there, an overall change in mood and tone, the actors becoming (or not) the characters more fully, blending in with them, losing themselves in the lines, in the characterizations, in a drama that is simultaneously unfolding and becoming more and more verisimilitudinous as time marches on. This is the real narrative—while the character changes on stage in an instant, the play changes slowly, unnoticeably (unnoticeable to those closest to it perhaps), like the face of a man in his thirties, like his beliefs about life, his motives, all slowly as if duplicating itself day by day, filling itself and becoming more and more itself, the rehearsal of Self, the dress rehearsal of Self, the performance of Self, the extended performance of Self, the encore…—it appears to be the same show, played over and over again with the same details to different crowds, and yet something happens. Something changes. It is not the same show.
Reese Witherspoon|Marriage is a gamble, let's be honest.
Dean Wesley Smith|Yeah, I know what your English Professor tried to tell you. But if your English Professor could make a living writing fiction, they would have been doing it.
George Orwell|The reason that fish form schools, birds form flocks, and bees form swarms is that they are smarter together than they would be apart. They don't take a vote; they don't take a poll: they form a system. They are all interactive and make a decision together in real time.
Al Yankovic|Newspaper people, once celebrated as founts of ribald humor and uncouth fun, have of late lost all their gaiety, and small wonder.
Roxanna Aliba Kazibwe|Get started, there is nothing left to discuss. Do it. Now!
Raheel Farooq|Nude paintings and sculptures are called "art" only in the museums..Outside of the museums, It is "Absurdity" and "Vulgarity".To respect your own creative talent and the prosperity of your "art", let only the Gurus critique, suggest and guide you; don't let your work be affected by others' choices and understandings.
Courtney E. Martin|Her honey-blonde hair is strewn across her face as she sways her head. She’s working a red sequined bikini separated by a tan, flat stomach, and a butterfly tattoo resting on her left hip. Her legs are clad in black fishnets that run into a pair of white-heeled boots—still a knockout.
Noam Chomsky|The whole educational and professional training system is a very elaborate filter, which just weeds out people who are too independent, and who think for themselves, and who don't know how to be submissive, and so on -- because they're dysfunctional to the institutions.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|The different people are not like other people, but being different is nothing to be ashamed of. Because other people are not such wonderful people. They're one hundred times one thousand. You're one times one! They walk all over the earth. You just stay here.
Mallory Ortberg|It's nice to be with someone, but I don't think you need to be in a relationship to feel complete. That would be really sad.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Trust not tomorrow! Whatever you are planning, today is the best day to act!
Marc Newson|If you have enthusiasm, you have a very dynamic, effective companion to travel with you on the road to Somewhere.
Calista Lynne, We Awaken|You told me how you hate daffodils because they’re morbid. They stick around for a month making everything lemon drop yellow, then die and get replaced by worse flowers. How the hell does an elementary schooler grasp the concept of beauty not being permanent?
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one sees faults with the world, he prevails in the knowledge of the senses. The inner purification has not yet occurred in him.
Bill Mauldin, Up Front|A soldier's life revolves around his mail. Like many others, I've been able to follow my kid's progress from the day he was born until now he is able to walk and talk a little, and although I have never seen him I know him very well.
Timothy Ferriss|That's the whole spiritual life. It's learning how to die. And as you learn how to die, you start losing all your illusions, and you start being capable now of true intimacy and love.
Katie Allen, Breaking the Silence|She trailed off when she realised Will was turning a dull red. For a big, muscular guy, he sure blushed a lot.
Taryn Manning|My dad used to say, 'You wouldn't worry so much about what people thought about you if you knew how seldom they did.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|No one cares what YOU want, they only care about themselves.
Kris Kidd|I've come to realize that hunger feels more like home than any tangible structure ever has, or probably ever will. I know now that creating absence is my way of coping with absence.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If I were to vote, I would intentionally vote for the goofiest candidate. It is my theory that when the people can outwit the leader, the more respected their voices will be.
Nathan Harris|What if my name was Daniel, Lucas, Noah. Lucas Harris, That doesn't sound right. I think I'll stick with Nate.
Anthony Browne|Keep God first, chase your dreams, and everything will pay off.
Candace Vianna, The Science of Loving|She missed having someone at her back, knowing that it didn't all fall on her, every hour, every day, every month, every task.But it was the everyday intimacy that left a gaping hole. The teasing you wear-the-black-teddy-I'll-kill-the-giant-arachnid and the I'll-clean-the-showerdrain-if-you-drape-your-hair-over-my-belly negotiations. Samara swallowed hard against the thickness in her throat. "The Spider-Killing Factor. You didn't appreciate it until it was gone.She bet Logan would be a great spider-killer.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The one that sang, old Janine, was always whispering into the g***** microphone before she sang. She'd say, 'And now we like to geeve you our impression of Vooly Voo Fransay. Eet ees the story of leetle Fransh girl who comes to a beeg ceety, just like New York, and falls een love wees a leetle boy from Brookleen. We hope you like eet.' Then, when she was all done whispering and being cute as hell, she'd sing some dopey song, half in English and half in French, and drive all the phonies in the place mad with joy.
Melissa Foster, Seaside Secrets|Everyone has a past. I have mine, you have yours, and we have ours. No matter what it takes, I will prove to you that our past, no matter how hurtful, didn't ruin the future we could have. Only we can either make that happen or run from it. It's our decision this time, Amy. There are no outside influences that can push us one way or the other. There's only you and me and what could be.
Miroslav Volf, After Our Likeness: The Church as the Image of the Trinity|Because the Christian God is not a lonely God, but rather a communion of three persons, faith leads human beings into the divine communion. One cannot, however, have a self-enclosed communion with the Triune God- a "foursome," as it were-- for the Christian God is not a private deity. Communion with this God is at once also communion with those others who have entrusted themselves in faith to the same God. Hence one and the same act of faith places a person into a new relationship both with God and with all others who stand in communion with God.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|But what I want to know is, is there a you independent of circumstances? Is there a way-down-deep me who is an actual, real person, the same person if she has money or not, the same if she goes to this school or that school? Or am I only a set of circumstances?-Aza
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|In our world, I rank music somewhere between hair ribbons and rainbows in terms of usefulness.
Erin Kellison, Scrape|She communicated in what ways she could – sweet whines of happiness and wet kisses. She knew him. She knew him. He knelt in the grass, still pouring his attention onto her. She received every ounce of it in a way only a dog can, its unconditional love contained in every breath and every heartbeat.  And Luke was struck precisely at that moment at his capacity to feel so moved by the simple act of affection for this sweet animal. He swallowed hard. It wasn’t easy to let himself feel it, the gentle tug from a place deeply buried. And in the grass on his knees, he found himself releasing the sadness long held hostage in that deep place. Tears spilled over, finally uncontained. The dog stretched its snout through the rails and found his wet cheeks with its tongue. He did not retreat, but let her clean the tears from his face.
David J. Ridges|Sometimes we find ourselves thinking that since the call comes from the Lord, everything ought to work out smoothly, with every potential obstacle removed. We forget sometimes that life is a "schooling" provided for our growth and development, and that if every time we went on the Lord's errand, things were to go perfectly well because of the Lord's blessing, we would be deprived of much of our education. {re 1 Nephi 3:7}
Joan Rivers|I've always saved. I believe in keeping money back for a rainy day and living within my means. I don't buy expensive clothes; I have a 10-year-old car I'm hoping to replace when a big job comes in. I suppose when we do go on family holidays, I am quite happy to spend when we are there.
David Joy, The Weight of This World|The conversations of men had always been muddy rivers, the surface's roiling a reflection of what's buried, but the bottom some mysterious thing that would always be hidden.
Cassandra Rose Clarke, The Assassin's Curse|No one knows our bodies or our subjective experiences like we do. This means we can rest secure in our knowledge of ourselves and what we’re going through, even when the medical profession doesn’t understand or believe us. Migraine is a weird and changing disease. It affects all of us differently, and every attack is a little different than the one before. This means that no one can understand your life, symptoms, or illness like you can. This can be incredibly empowering: you are the expert. But, it also carries great responsibility: to live as happily and as fully as possible, you must listen to your body and trust your instincts.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|Food shouldn’t be that shade of green, lass.” – Faolán MacIntyre
Bill Burr|When you lose a parent, you realize how vital they are to the foundation of your life. It's impossible to understand what it means until that curtain is pulled. You're an orphan. But then I think that life is kind of remarkable, and the thing that causes the biggest pain can also bring amazing energy.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|Dread that she would meet some other man and see in him all the joy of life that he lacked. “I will see you home.” The words came out all wrong, with gruff emphasis on the word will. One look at her, and he lost all chance at serenity. Because he had never in his life cared whether anyone liked him. He’d never thought about it. Until her.
Dick Van Dyke|There were times when I had great times with my brothers, pillow fights and things, but I was, used to always cry from loneliness.
Marty Rubin|A writer need not devour a whole sheep in order to know what mutton tastes like, but he must at least eat a chop. Unless he gets his facts right, his imagination will lead him into all kinds of nonsense, and the facts he is most likely to get right are the facts of his own experience.
Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding Love|I'm generally a happy person -with the help of antidepressants, that is- so there is something to be said for surrounding myself with happy people.
Jennifer Coolidge|I really don't know anything else because my brothers were famous when I was two years old. So I know nothing else, no other life.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|In a world of differing opinions, mentally unstable people and complete psychopaths, it was the type of simplistic notion that some people wouldn't want to follow or ignorance would just simply not allow them to understand.
Robin Sacredfire|Humility and Dignity had a daughter, called Arrogance, who was ashamed of her name and used to hide behind Pride. But Pride was in love with Truth, therefore arrogance married Illusion and forever despised Truth. Pride and Truth had a daughter, called Happiness, while Arrogance and Illusion had a son, called Despair. When both meet, one of them cries.
Stacy Overman Morrison, Comfort of Fences|Soon we will not need people anymore, as everything will be done by automatons, including bringing up children.
James Lee Burke, Wayfaring Stranger|As I was to learn, patience and latitude and even humility are, paradoxically, the handmaidens of wealth, because virtue is costly only for those who own nothing else.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Krishnamurti Reader|Ideas do have consequences in history, yet not because those ideas are inherently truthful or obviously correct but rather because of the way they are embedded in very powerful institutions, networks, interests, and symbols.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|People often ask, "What is the single most important environmental population problem facing the world today?" A flip answer would be, "The single most important problem is our misguided focus on identifying the single most important problem!
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|He tried to shape in his mind what he had to say to McDonald. It was a feeling; it was an urge that he had to speak. But whatever he spoke he knew would be but another name for the wildness that he sought. It was a freedom and goodness, a hope and a vigor that he perceived to underlie all the familiar things of his life, which were not free or good or hopeful or vigorous. What he sought was the source and preserver of his world, a world which seemed to turn ever in fear away from its source, rather than search it out, as the prairie grass around him sent down its fibered roots into the rich dark dampness, the Wildness, and thereby renewed itself, year after year.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|There's no such thing as effortless beauty--you should know that.There's no effort which is not beautiful--lifting a heavy stone or loving you.Loving you is like lifting a heavy stone. It would be easier not to do it and I'm not quite sure why I am doing it. It takes all my strength and all my determination, and I said I wouldn't love someone again like this. Is there any sense in loving someone you can only wake up to by chance?
Charles Carleton Coffin, The Story of Liberty|Sing, boy! sing! The ages are waiting for you. Sing! sing! All the world will hear you. God knows what will come of it.
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|There was nothing like the cold, heavy steel of a gun, the soft moan of an appreciative woman or the sharp burn of a good single malt to make a man grateful to be alive. Tonight, with his gun gone and his sex life a wasteland, Dash had to settle for whiskey.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|Headstrong is just a word, Katie - a word others call you when you don't do what they want.
Geraldine Brooks, Caleb's Crossing|From "Caleb's Crossing"--This is an excellent thought about family though it doesn't apply to me. I am lucky in my brothers."Now, of all times in my life, did I wish Caleb truly was my brother, rather than that selfish, imperious, weak-willed soul to whom fate had shackled me.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|For sixteen years, I had a spectacular real estate career in Tallahassee, Florida. I loved receiving telephone inquiries and making cold calls. I knew that if I could meet people on the phone, I could usually turn them into buyers.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|The entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Gansey always thought that, after dark, it felt like anything could happen. At night, Henrietta felt like magic, and at night, magic felt like it might be a terrible thing.
Shannon L. Alder|only if we act greatly in meeting our responsibilities abroad will we remain a great nation, and only if we remain a great nation will we act greatly in meeting our challenges at home
Elysse Poetis, The Mind of a Poetess|Life is the courier of the universal brilliance." Elysse
Roddy Doyle, Yeats Is Dead!: A Mystery by 15 Irish Writers|Thank you for your honesty," Niles says. The Candor repeat the phrase under their breath. All around me are the words "Thank you for your honesty" at different volumes and pitches, and my anger begins to dissolve.
Geoffrey Boycott|Getting ready to wrestle is like getting ready for a car crash. Getting ready to work with Brock Lesnar is like knowing you're going to get hit by a bus and the bus is going to back over you. If I'm going to work 'WrestleMania,' 16 weeks out I have to start training like I'm Mayweather getting ready for a fight.
Francis M. Nevins Jr., Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|There is a distinct difference between "suspense" and "surprise," and yet many pictures continually confuse the two. I'll explain what I mean. We are now having a very innocent little chat. Let's suppose that there is a bomb underneath this table between us. Nothing happens, and then all of a sudden, "Boom!" There is an explosion. The public is surprised, but prior to this surprise, it has seen an absolutely ordinary scene, of no special consequence. Now, let us take a suspense situation. The bomb is underneath the table and the public knows it, probably because they have seen the anarchist place it there. The public is aware the bomb is going to explode at one o'clock and there is a clock in the decor. The public can see that it is a quarter to one. In these conditions, the same innocuous conversation becomes fascinating because the public is participating in the scene. The audience is longing to warn the characters on the screen: "You shouldn't be talking about such trivial matters. There is a bomb beneath you and it is about to explode!" In the first case we have given the public fifteen seconds of surprise at the moment of the explosion. In the second we have provided them with fifteen minutes of suspense. The conclusion is that whenever possible the public must be informed. Except when the surprise is a twist, that is, when the unexpected ending is, in itself, the highlight of the story.
LaShonda Bowman, My Soul Is Satisfied|Jesus loves the little children, All the children of the world. Red and yellow, black and white. They are precious in His sight. Jesus loves the little children of the world.
Damien Hirst|If I die a violent death, as some fear and a few are plotting, I know that the violence will be in the thought and the action of the assassins, not in my dying.
Andrew Zolli, Resilience: Why Things Bounce Back|In populations experiencing trauma across a wide variety of settings, the portion of those experiencing ongoing PTSD is remarkably similar – one third. Ecclesiastes says woe to him who falls alone, but that the cord of THREE strands is not easily broken. Apparently deep in our human wiring is the resilience to be a buttress for those feeling overcome.
Krista Tippett, Speaking of Faith|Truth can be told in an instant, forgiveness can be offered spontaneously, but reconciliation is the work of lifetimes and generations.
John M Sheehan|It's luck. All is luck when skill's played out. It was luck left me with a face that didn't fit in Contact, it's luck that's made you a great game-player, it's luck that's put you here tonight. Neither of us were fully planned, Jernau Gurgeh; your genes determined you and your mother's genofixing made certain you would not be a cripple or mentally subnormal. The rest is chance. I was brought into being with the freedom to be myself; if what that general plan and that particular luck produced is something a majority — a majority, mark you; not all — of one SC admissions board decides is not what they just happen to want, is it my fault? Is it?""No," Gurgeh sighed, looking down."Oh, it's all so wonderful in the Culture, isn't it, Gurgeh; nobody starves and nobody dies of disease or natural disasters and nobody and nothing's exploited, but there's still luck and heartache and joy, there's still chance and advantage and disadvantage.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When your absence is felt, your presence is the essence and it makes a difference.
Sunday Adelaja|The butterflies are working their way up from my stomach into my head, making me feel dizzy, and I try to calm myself by imagining the ocean outside, its ragged breathing, the seagulls turning pinwheels in the sky.It will be over soon, I tell myself. It will be over soon and then you’ll go home, and you’ll never have to think about the evaluation again.
Kameron Hurley, Infidel|It was men, not God, who had done those things...
G.I. Gurdjieff|To those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|It is winter proper; the cold weather, such as it is, has come to stay. I bloom indoors in the winter like a forced forsythia; I come in to come out. At night I read and write, and things I have never understood become clear; I reap the harvest of the rest of the year’s planting.The woods are acres of sticks: I could walk to the Gulf of Mexico in a straight line. When the leaves fall, the striptease is over; things stand mute and revealed. Everywhere skies extend, vistas deepen, walls become windows, doors open.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|I don't know who tried to teach him what to do in the bedroom, but it must have been a furniture salesman.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Sensitive," I tried.Sam translated: "Squishy.""Creative.""Dangerously emo.""Thoughtful.""Feng shui." out of 'thoughtful'?""You know, because in feng shui, you arrange furniture and plants and stuff in thoughtful ways." Sam shrugged. "To make you calm. Zenlike. Or something. I'm not one hundred percent sure how it all works, besides the thoughtful part.
Nikki Rowe|It is not what they say, but the reaction that tells you everything you need to know.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|Before I came here, I was confused about this subject. Having listened to your lecture, I am still confused -- but on a higher level.
Francis Stevens, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|Stubborness and staunch, they are both same thingsfrom different point of view, such crazy and eccentric.
أحمد عمارة|While it is never safe to affirm that the future of Physical Science has no marvels in store even more astonishing than those of the past, it seems probable that most of the grand underlying principles have been firmly established and that further advances are to be sought chiefly in the rigorous application of these principles to all the phenomena which come under our notice.
Lisa Murkowski|My marriage to David Bailey ended one morning in 1983, while he was away on a photo-shoot.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|And that fear I'd felt, the disembodying confusion, seemed to be a drug I was now addicted to, because moving through the ordinary world- watching CNN, reading the Times, walking to Sant Ambroeus to have a coffee at the bar- made me feel exhausted, even depressed. Perhaps I was suffering from the same problem as the man who'd sailed around the world and now on land, facing his farmhouse, his wife and kids, understood that the constancy of home stretching out before him like a dry flat field was infinitely more terrifying than any violent squall with thirty-foot swells.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|If one person has an imaginary friend they're crazy, if many people have the same imaginary friend its religion
John L. Parker Jr.|There was no let-up. The tempo was always moderate but steady. If a new guy decided to pick up the pace, that's where it stayed, whether he finished with the group or not. You showed off at your peril.
Jacob Lew|In charting our course to the future, we are mindful of our path from the past.
Jude Morgan, The Taste of Sorrow|Emily’s world fascinates and disturbs: in it you can touch thick Yorkshire speech, and moorland rain slants across your mind with a smell of mossy limestone and yet you are not at home, you might almost be in Gondal or Angria except the towers and the dungeons are of the spirit, the dungeons especially; and sometimes when Emily reads out in her low, almost guttural voice Charlotte wants to run but can’t think why or where she would run to.
A.E. Via|Do me a favor, Ro,” Day said calmly.“What’s that?” Ronowski peeked around Johnson again.“Johnson won’t be with you all the time. Remind me to kick your ass later,” Day said.Ronowski came to stand in front of Day, looked at his watch and smirked. “Sure, what time works for you?”Day looked at his watch too. “Uhhh, let’s see. How’s five thirty, is that good?”“I just remembered I’m busy at five thirty.”“So what time can you be there?”“I can do five thirty-five.”“Damn, that’s cutting it close. I might be a little late, but wait on my ass whippin’.”“Will you dumb asses shut up? Lord help us…they’ve bonded.” The captain tried to suppress his laugh. “God, how the hell do you put up with Day’s mouth?”“I got something that’ll make him shut him up,” God said in a deep voice.Everyone groaned and scrunched their faces up in disgust.“We don’t want to hear that shit, God. Ugh,” the captain said while pouring his cup of coffee.God looked at Day and saw he wasn’t the slightest bit fazed and if he knew his lover—which he most certainly did—Day would not let him get the last word.“It’s all a mind game that I play with God. He thinks he’s shutting me up…but when he’s finished with my mouth…I start talking again.” Day winked.“I’m leaving. I should write your asses up for inappropriate conduct in front of a superior.” The captain hauled ass out of the room.Johnson and Ronowski were shaking their heads too and telling Day “he sure knew how to clear a room.”“I got to get back across town,” Johnson said and bent down and whispered something in Ronowski’s ear that made the man turn red.God tried to pull Day away but he refused to budge. When Johnson said good-bye to them and left out the room, Day mock whispered to Ronowski. “I told you. One good pounding is all you—”“For fucks sake, Leo,” Ronowski groaned, grabbing his soda hightailing it out of there before Day could finish his sentence.
Abraham Lincoln|My job is making money, helping other people make money. I am spending money, trying to make sure more people get rich, because you cannot spend a lot of money, right? So my job is spending money, helping others. This is a headache.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|If this continues, if this goes on, then when I die, your memories of me will be my greatest accomplishment. You memories will be my most lasting impressions.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|And his eyes were fluttering shut, and his sinner’s smile- that wickedly wondrous thing- was less than an inch from mine. And soon enough, there was no space between them at all. He tasted like chances.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Beth's not on that train?""Nope. She's not even in that station, that town, or that part of whatever country your metaphor lives in.
Lawrence M. Krauss|More often than you might think, teaching science is inseparable from teaching doubt.
Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison|Behind every person who’s committed an unimaginable crime is an adult who committed unimaginable violence against them as a child. All of them, as if it was plotted that way. Violence begets violence, and that violence begets even more violence.
Alexander Lowen, Fear of Life|Since the experience is different for each individual, the tension will reflect that experience. In some persons the whole lower half of the body is relatively immobilized and held in a passive state; in others the muscular tensions are localized in the pelvic floor and around the genital apparatus. If the latter sort of tension is severe, it constitutes a functional castration; for, although the genitals operate normally, they are dissociated in feeling from the rest of the body. Any reduction of sexual feeling amounts to a psychological castration. Generally the person is unaware of these muscular tensions, but putting pressure upon the muscles in the attempt to release the tension is often experienced as very painful and frightening.
Barbara Kingsolver|There aren't any fences to the imagination, and so there shouldn't be any for books.
Lee Marvin|All raw, uncooked, protesting."(on Aldous Huxley)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you can dream it, you can make it a reality. The possibility lies in your ability, enthusiasm and hardwork to realise it.
Martin Luther King Jr.|It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|Books are boring," James said as he wrote."They line the walls like a thousand leather doorways to be opened into worlds unknown," I offered.
Steve Grand, Creation: Life and How to Make It|Memories are killing. So you must not think of certain things, of those that are dear to you, or rather you must think of them, for if you don’t there is the danger of finding them, in your mind, little by little.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to say no, be firm and direct.
Stewart Stafford|Develop the skill of writing to avoid errors but if you do make them, don’t be demotivated
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing... maybe you've got to attack him while he's in the shower, Harry.
Mark Twain|I don't like to commit myself about Heaven and Hell, you see, I have friends in both places.
Steven Tyler|I know 'Hallelujah' isn't actually a Christmas song, but it has that cozy, haunting vibe that sounds like a winter's night and belongs by a fire.
Phillip Phillips|Having studied at the Sorbonne, I spent my 21st birthday in Paris and celebrated with one of my professors in a cafe outside of Notre Dame.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|.....He lost his childhood but in return got worthy wealth, the wisdom ....!
Frank Zappa|I've said that playing the blues is like having to be black twice. Stevie Ray Vaughan missed on both counts, but I never noticed.
Meredith Duran, At Your Pleasure|I'm of the opinion that many Christians are in deep denial about the reality of there being 'real' Evil in this world. Evil that cannot be reasoned with; is reprobate, incorrigible, determined, un-appeasable, violent, murderous, and unrelenting. I find this denial shocking in that the Bible clearly shows that in the end this battle is all about Good vs. Evil. This is a very real and present danger to the leaders and people of Israel. They know the truth and are not in any denial about it!!! It's harsh, yes! However, it is Real and a danger to those in Israel. This is not my first rodeo!!! Combat brings me no joy!!! But, God has His holy warriors who risk their lives so others can have the luxury to live in denial!!! Israeli's have no such luxury!!!
A.D.Y. Howle|I'll make my own magic'" - A.D.Y.Howle
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|The Struggle is in your name, Samori - you were named for Samori Toure, who struggled against French colonizers for the right to his own black body. He died in captivity, but the profits of that struggle and others like it are ours, even when the object of our struggle, as is so often true, escapes our grasp.
A.E. Samaan|I think, therefore I am an individual... not a drone in a collective. I think, therefore I am... Libertarian.
S. Tarr|Describing Robert Bunsen:As an investigator he was great, as a teacher he was greater, as a man and friend he was greatest.
Shannon L. Alder|Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back.
Nina Easton|In 1992, Bill Clinton ran on a platform of 'ending welfare as we know it.' His political worldview, drawn from like-minded thinkers at the Democratic Leadership Council, was based in private sector growth and personal responsibility.
Dean Cain|One thing you learned as a Cubs fan: when you bought you ticket, you could bank on seeing the bottom of the ninth.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|As women, we'd be exponentially lighter if we'd sort through some of our emotional clutter... We need to dispose of the crud that we no longer need. Excerpt from essay #3 "What's in my Purse?
Elizabeth George|Life is hard. If anyone tells you otherwise, they're lying. But life without faith is even harder.
Paul Auster|I was always interested in French poetry sort of as a sideline to my own work, I was translating contemporary French poets. That kind of spilled out into translation as a way to earn money, pay for food and put bread on the table.
G.K. Dutta|Give one of your smiles, its costs nothing… but enrich others life to dream more.
Robert W. Chambers, The King in Yellow and Other Horror Stories|Irwin was difficult to wake; the poor man was totally wiped out. He collapsed in one of the soft office chairs the moment Smith let him, sliding back into slumber. After he was settled, I sat at my desk and reviewed Smith’s…no, Charles’s notes, shuffling the paper irritably to bring the print into focus. Someday, I’d come up with a melody that fixed my sight problems. And tomorrow, I thought, mocking myself, I’ll find a way to sing away fleas and retire rich.
David Foster Wallace|If there was a moral issue involved, she would, of course, defend her position to the end. But long ago her mother had taught her that often it is the little things over which people battle foolishly, losing friends, disturbing peace of mind, destroying serenity with no end in view save that they continue to defend the position they have already taken. It was far better, her mother pointed out, to give in gracefully, remembering that a fight in a lesser cause is never worth the struggle. She maintained that by doing so one gained everything really worth having, serenity, sweetness, and inner strength.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|At last, the clock settled in the right place.
William Shakespeare|My only love sprung from my only hate!Too early seen unknown, and known too late!Prodigious birth of love it is to me,That I must love a loathed enemy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|History is rich knowledge. In your travel, learn brief history of the place visited.
Adelaide Anne Procter|Judge not; the workings of his brainAnd of his heart thou canst not see;What looks to thy dim eyes a stain,In God's pure light may only beA scar, brought from some well-won field,Where thou wouldst only faint and yield.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|In the information-communication civilization of the 21st Century, creativity and mental excellence will become the ethical norm. The world will be too dynamic, complex, and diversified, too cross-linked by the global immediacies of modern (quantum) communication, for stability of thought or dependability of behaviour to be successful.
Lester Bangs, Main Lines, Blood Feasts, and Bad Taste: A Lester Bangs Reader|if the main reason we listen to music in the first place is to hear passion expressed- as i've believed all my life-then what good is this music going to prove to be? what does that say about us? what are we confirming in ourselves by doting on art that is emotionally neutral? and, simultaneously, what in ourselves might we be destroying or at least keeping down?
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Perhaps that's a smile on Delia's face-but Delia's half skull turns every expression into a leer. She says, "Your uncle had a talent, kid. He made families wherever he went.
Anaïs Nin|The directness of her question throws me. "I don't know. Sometimes I think there are only so many opportunities...to get together with someone. And we've both screwed up so many times"- my voice grows quiet - "that we've missed our chance.""Anna." Mer pauses. "That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard.""But—""But what? You love him, and he loves you, and you live in the most romantic city in the world.
Hope Irving, Twice upon a Time|I stared back at him with something that, I realize now, was close to cellular recognition. In one glance, he recalled my father, my first boyfriend, my college love, my future.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|Walking away ends a battle in the heart of one, and starts a war in the soul of another.
Ivan Brunetti|Admittedly, art is somewhat like spit. It does not repulse or even worry is while it is still inside of us, but once it exits our body, it becomes disgusting.
Jocelyn Adams|His scent engulfed me - fresh night air and evergreen. I buried my face in the hollow beneath his jaw as he shoved his Light into me- a terrible force of the sort I'd never imagined, hungry for distraction, intoxicating to the point of addiction.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|In a society run by terror, no statements whatsoever can be taken seriously. They are all forced, and it is the duty of every honest man to ignore them.
Alfonsina Storni|Un día habré dormido con un sueño tan largo que ni tus besos puedan avivar el letargo. Un día estaré sola, como está la montaña entre el largo desierto y la mar que la baña.
Jared Diamond|It is strange, but nobody is shocked when pop singers make a fortune in the space of two years.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|We hold these stories and mad idea and events in our head and they run around and around telling us we are different, separate, broken. Then one day the mad idea escapes the asylum. Most times it’s unplanned. It just tumbles out on the lap of the man sitting next to us on the bus, or it slips sideways into a conversation on line at the Trader Joe’s or it falls out at the kitchen table when your neighbor comes to pick up her cat. And there is a terrifying moment when it first hits the light of day, where we think, “holy mother of God! What have I done? How could I have been to casual with my crazy ways?”But the man on the bus just smiles and nods his head, and the casher takes a moment to look us in the eye and the neighbor sits for a cup of tea and together we move into some new agreements that we are all in fact crazy and it’s so much nicer to be out of the closet with it all.
Lionel Suggs|I find it sad that too many do not understand themselves, or their potential. They don't even take the time to get to know their unconsciousness. You can truly learn so much, by simply getting to know the "you" that is behind the reality of yourself.
Allen Wheelis, How People Change|People may indeed be treated as objects and may be profoundly affected thereby. Kick a dog often enough and he will become cowardly or vicious. People who are kicked undergo similar changes; their view of the world and of themselves is transformed. . . People may indeed be brainwashed, for benign or exploitative reasons. . .If one's destiny is shaped by manipulation one has become more of an object, less of a subject, has lost freedom. . . If, however, one's destiny is shaped from within then one has become more of a creator, has gained freedom. This is self-transcendence, a process of change that originates in one's heart and expands outward. . . begins with a vision of freedom, with an "I want to become...", with a sense of the potentiality to become what one is not. One gropes toward this vision in the dark, with no guide, no map, and no guarantee. Here one acts as subject, author, creator.
Deyth Banger|If people around me didn't lied, I would also won't lie!
Thomas Merton|Pardon all runners,All speechless, alien winds,All mad waters.Pardon their impulses,Their wild attitudes,Their young flights, their reticence.When a message has no clothes onHow can it be spoken.
Dorothea Benton Frank, The Hurricane Sisters|We were an imperfect family. I knew that. But at last we were on each other's side, dug in with a new and more profound commitment. Our happiness was hard won, it was ours and I was determined to keep us whole.
Maria Semple|you must understand why you felt what you did, and why you no longer need to feel it
Kathleen Alcott|The rising wave of nostalgia and an increasing interest in heritage sites and historic buildings is perhaps not only a sense of yearning for a lost Singapore, but also the recognition that neither 1959 nor 1965 marked Year One (...) In all the campaigns and features on Singapore's 50th anniversary that I've come across, the Kranji War Memorial was never mentioned. It just doesn't fit the slender narrative. That's such a shame because the cemetery is a fitting, dignified tribute to thousands of Singapore heroes, both local and foreign.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Staying relaxed was helping him cope with the drug induced juddering vision that could be best described as being like a Hitchcockian visual effect operated by a hyperactive squirrel that shook the whole universe closer and farther away. If you went with it, it was quite pleasant, as long as you didn't introduce any lateral movement like turning your head or the car. This caused the universe to try and slide away from underneath you. The other side effect was the constant feeling you ought to try to twist your head off, in a good way.
Night Film|She was always demanding of herself, Do I dare? Do I dare disturb the universe?
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit and Three Other Plays|Even now, Dickon was upstairs, writing sonnets to his new love, while back at Seadown House, Marianne was writing 'Ella' on scraps of paper and then burning them.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|Syn didn’t even think twice. He made his way to the end of the bar and lifted the top, coming behind the bar. The two girl bartenders looked at him in shock and Syn flashed his badge again. “Where’s Furious?” he asked, using his authoritative cop tone.“He left,” they said in unison, still looking at him strangely.“Damnit,” Syn hissed and raced out of the pub.He looked anxiously up and down the sidewalk and saw Furious sitting on the bench, head hanging low, waiting on the bus. Even though he had a hoodie pulled up and hanging low over his forehead ... Syn knew it was his ma– He’s not my damn man, he’s just a friend.Syn approached his new friend with all the confidence in the world but wasn’t prepared for the angry, haunted eyes that looked up at him when he slowly removed Furious’ hood. Syn sucked in a hard breath and blew it out slowly before finally deciding to speak. “Furious. Are you okay?”No answer.“Are you hurt?” Syn was really concerned. Furious looked detached, closed in on himself.“Bab–” Shit. “Furi,” Syn quickly corrected. “Please answer me. Look my place is right there.” Syn pointed in the direction of his building. “If you want you can come up and talk. I can take you home later.”It was a few long and very intense minutes that Furious didn’t move or say anything.“We’ll just talk, okay?” Syn tried again.Thanks a lot MARTA. Perfect timing. Just Syn’s luck that the bus pulled up to the curb and the air doors swung open.“Furious, I just want to talk.”“No thanks, Detective.” Furious' voice was so deep and angry, it’d felt like Furi had struck him. Syn swallowed a hard gulp.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of life and the joy of your soul, serve, love, and give the best you can.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|The president notices that when he takes off his coat to dig, people take more notice of the visual than they did his preceding remarks.
John   Kramer, Blythe|The people’s silence is a tyrant’s greatest advocate. The less captives talked, the less they knew; the less they knew, the more they feared; and the more they feared, the more easily others could manipulate them to their own ends, the more easily the captives could be controlled.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|I've always known that whatever marriage I made would be political. It would be about power, not love. But we might get lucky. In time, we might have both.''Or the third amplifier will turn me into a power-mad dictator and you'll have to kill me.''Yes, that would make for an awkward honeymoon.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts of Birth|Someday all the children of the world will learn the truth about their noble inheritance. When that happens, a miracle will unfold on the kingdom of Earth.
Victoria Addino|Never sit back and wait for a opportunity to find you, get up and search for one, it exists find it!
Mohith Agadi|The research proves what gamers already know: within the limits of our own endurance, we would rather work hard than be entertained. Perhaps that’s why gamers spend less time watching television than anyone else on the planet.
Hugo Hamilton|No individual existence can be traced further than the moment of conception, which determined that what was to be born would be this person and no other. The person may change from baby to child, and from boy to man, but through all these changes he will remain this person and cannot be another, because all possibilities to the contrary that may have existed before the moment of conception ended forever with the moment of conception.
Mark Manson|If we're unwilling to fail, then we're unwilling to succeed.
Moira Rogers, Sanctuary Lost|I’m one hell of a public speaker, baby. I’m going to let them see the pain, but if you turn around and start treating me like some damaged little victim, I will murder you. In your sleep.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The happiest Christian homes I know are those given to hospitality, where neighbors feel at home, where young people are welcome, where the elderly are respected, where children are loved.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|You're the most incredible girl I've ever known. You're gorgeous and smart, and you make me laugh like no-one else can. And I can talk to you. And I know after all this I don't deserve you, but what I'm trying to say is that I love you, Anna. Very Much.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden: Or, Life in the Woods|We need the tonic of wildness...At the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be indefinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable. We can never have enough of nature.
Paul karan|The immortality of Thomas Jefferson does not lie in any one of his achievements, or in the series of his achievements, but in his attitude towards mankind and the conception which he sought to realize in action of the service owed by America to the rest of the world...Thomas Jefferson was a great leader of men because he understood and interpreted the spirits of men.
Iain M. Banks, The State of the Art|I have no fear of ghosts, and I have never heard it said that so much harm had been done by the dead during 6,000 years as it brought by the living in a single day.
Aeschylus, Prometheus Bound|I beg you, alight and join your sorrow with mine: misfortune wanders everywhere, and settles now upon one and now upon another.
C. Nzingha Smith|some students look at the problems that they're facing and they draw global conclusions from them. They say this is not just a professor giving me a bad grade or someone not sitting next to me in the cafeteria. This reflects that fact that I am not ready for college, or I shouldn't be in this college at all.
M.I.A.|There's a gap somehow between empathy and activism. Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke of 'soul force' - something that emanates from a deep truth inside of us and empowers us to act. Once you identify your inner genius, you will be able to take action, whether it's writing a check or digging a well.
Kristine Pierce, You'll Be Safe Here|If want a person wants is his life, he tends to be quiet about wanting anything else.
Mary Tornyenyor|Are you fixing to stay in this country, then, Walter? After you've dug yourself a patch, and made yourself a pile?''I expect my luck will decide that question for me.''Would you call it lucky to stay, or lucky to go?''I'd call it lucky to choose,' said Moody—surprising himself, for that was not the answer he would have given, three months prior.
Édouard Levé, Suicide|Your life was a hypothesis. Those who die old are made of the past. Thinking of them, one thinks of what they have done. Thinking of you, one thinks of what you could have become. You were, and you will remain, made up of possibilities.
Charles Dickens, Martin Chuzzlewit|Don't eat bear balls. Eat healthy, delectable, plant-based foods so that you will never fall over on your cat.
Vishwas Chavan|We are a product of love, so why stop loving ourselves and others.
Edward T. Welch, When People Are Big and God is Small: Overcoming Peer Pressure, Codependency, and the Fear of Man|1. We fear people because they can expose and humiliate us. 2. We fear people because they can reject, ridicule, or despise us. 3. We fear people because they can attack, oppress, or threaten us. These three reasons have one thing in common: they see people as “bigger” (that is, more powerful and significant) than God, and, out of the fear that creates in us, we give other people the power and right to tell us what to feel, think, and do.
J. D. Vance|I don't fear pain or failure anymore because I'm too grateful for the pains and failures of my past - they have made me who I am, and most of the good things in my life are a direct result of them in some way.
Martin Jacques|One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises.
Simon Mainwaring|My incarceration was actually a positive thing from the beginning. I needed a gimmick to get my act going again, it gave me material.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|The squeak of oarlocks comes over the lake waterA woman's shriek assaults the earWhile above, in the sky, inured to everything,The moon looks on with a mindless leer("The Unknown Lady")
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|There's an old saying," Buck said. "A hundred things can go wrong in a holdup, and if you can think of fifty of them you're a damn genius.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|You know, I once read an interesting book which said that, uh, most people lost in the wilds, they, they die of shame. Yeah, see, they die of shame. 'What did I do wrong? How could I have gotten myself into this?' And so they sit there and they... die. Because they didn't do the one thing that would save their lives. Thinking.
Casey Renee Kiser, Darkness Plays Favorites|love meget lost in mebut bewareside effects includea lot of shivering, babya lot of drinking, maybea lot of sinking, baby
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|[The] faith spoken of in the Bible is not a matter of intellectual belief, but a matter of connecting experientially and substantively with the person of Truth, Jesus.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Katherine, how quickly you forget that I never give up when I want something. And right now, I’ve decided what I want is you. I want you next to me twenty-four-seven, at least until I’ve sated the desire you left me with. Then, I may actually let you sleep.” -Joseph
Sunday Adelaja|All your solutions are in people, and you can only be free when you love them
Shelley Hendrix, Why Can't We Just Get Along?: 6 Effective Skills for Dealing with Difficult People|So, Eva Nine, you must sometimes disregard what someone is saying and focus instead on what they are doing. Watch and observe. That is when one reveals his true self.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|You know who should watch out?" Imogene lowered her voice to a conspiratorial whisper."Gavin's brothers. Mmm-hmm. Now that Gavin is tying the knot, Carolyn has a bee in her bonnet about getting all her other boys married off.
Peter J. Carroll|There is no part of one’s beliefs about oneself which cannot be modified by sufficiently powerful psychological techniques. There is nothing about oneself which cannot be taken away or changed. The proper stimuli can, if correctly applied, turn communists into fascists, saints into devils, the meek into heroes, and vice-versa. There is no sovereign sanctuary within ourseles which represents our real nature. There is nobody at home in the internal fortress. Everything we cherish as our ego, everything we believe in, is just what we have cobbled together out of the accident of our birth and subsequent experiences. With drugs, brainwashing, and other techniques of extreme persuasion, we can quite readily make a man a devotee of a different ideology, the patriot of a different country, or the follower of a different religion.
William Ritter, Beastly Bones|But trust me, men are never worth it. Behind every great man is a woman who gave up on greatness and tied herself into an apron. Romance is for saps, Abbie. You’re sharp and you’ve got pluck. Don’t waste it.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Whoever is messing with my daughter, messing with my home, will be sorry they chose to play this game. I’ll be screaming checkmate before they even realise I moved my pawns…
Katie Kacvinsky, Still Point|I would apologize for my rudeness, if I had any manners. Happily, I don't.
Susan Lendroth|The righteous will possess the earth, and they will live forever on it." PSALM 37:29. ~Stop being envious no one can make it without the true help of a honest individual or someone who believes in your future. Stop hating people for success this will make your bones rotten. DONT burn the only bride you left standing. Your image doe's not pay bills stop being concerned about how your social media page looks. & build a foundation on the heels of your strength. Stop feeling sorry for yourselves the world is to cold for anyone to be in weakness. #God1st #FAMILYCLOSE #Author #Writer #MusicArtist
Ariel Dorfman|The home to everyone is to him his castle and fortress, as well for his defence against injury and violence, as for his repose.
Bill Bradley|My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|So confident am I in the intentions, as well as wisdom, of the government, that I shall always be satisfied that what is not done, either cannot, or ought not to be done.
Tony Robbins|Invention is not enough. Tesla invented the electric power we use, but he struggled to get it out to people. You have to combine both things: invention and innovation focus, plus the company that can commercialize things and get them to people.
Sara Sheridan|When you think about the period in which Agatha Christie's crime novels were written, they are actually quite edgy for the time.
Bruce R. McConkie|We know that in some way, incomprehensible to us, his suffering satisfied the demands of justice, ransomed penitent souls from the pains and penalties of sin, and made mercy available to those who believe in his holy name.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Life was rich with possibility, or life was possibly rich...She felt incandescent with the news.Cold sun. Jack in the pulpits nosing out of the still-frozen mud. Lotto lay watching the world incrementally wake up. They had been married for seventeen years, she lived in the deepest room in his heart, and sometimes that meant that wife occurred to him before Mathilde, helpmeet before herself, abstraction of her before the physical being. But not now. When she came across the veranda, he saw Mathilde all of the sudden, the dark whip at the center of her, how, so gently, she flicked it and kept him spinning. She put her cold hand on his stomach, which he was sunning to banish the winter's white. 'Vain,' she said. 'An actor in a playwright's hide,' he said. 'I'll never not be vain.''Oh well, it's you,' she said. 'You're desperate for the love of strangers, to be seen.''You see me,' he said. And he heard the echo with his thoughts a minute before and was pleased.'I do,' she said. 'Now please, talk.'She stretched her arms over heads...she looked at him, savoring her own knowing, his unknowing...
Ed Lynskey, The Quetzal Motel|He peeled out the banknotes from inside a billfold held on a chain and paid her. Andy Jackson’s eyes were X’d out. For an edgy instant she wondered if his money was counterfeit. She also noted his missing middle finger, and a skull tattoo decorated his sinewy wrist.She put down the card key. “You’re in Seven, straight down the courtyard.”He slid the card key off, but it fell to the floor. "Oops. Ihaven’t gotten used to this high gravity.”“I beg your pardon?”“Nothing. I’m just punchy from all the driving.
Jeaniene Frost, Home for the Holidays|I want to come all over you. I want to mark you as mine, so that every wolf in the pack knows who you belong to. ”- Wolf Shifter Ryker Black
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Don't tell me you're one of those people who becomes their disease. I know so many people like that. It's disheartening. Like, cancer is in the growth business, right? The taking-people-over business. But surely you haven't let it succeed prematurely.
Eric Arvin, Another Enchanted April|He faced Doug. His eyes were wet. "I am not one of your tricks, Douglas.""Of course, you're not.""That's what I feel like tonight, seeing you in there with all those bodies. One of a thousand nights. One of a thousand fucks. And fuck you for making me feel this way. And fuck you again for making me say fuck in this beautiful place.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Bruised, beaten, shaken, weakened, tossed, thrown, lost, alone, heard, helped, healed, hope... it still works.
Peter Jurasik|If you pray enough for things, I am proof that they can happen. I feel like a kid on Christmas day now, every day. It's something I have wanted for a long time and I am as happy as anyone to be here. It is great to be back at my first love.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|If you open your mind more than you open your mouth, you will open your world more than you open your doubt.
John Magoss|Life brings darkness so many times, and we feel down in this phase of darkness. But the true value of darkness only realizes when we face the darkness, until we look some sunshine within the darkness.
Stephen Emond, Happyface|I swear, with Chloe Bear once again as my witness...That my problems and failures will not stop me, nor will they dictate who I am.That I will continue to be my own person.That life is too short, and I will live every day as the best person I can be.That I will grow and that I will change.That I will smile and hold my head high.That this is a new start and a new day.That I will allow myself to cry or sit by myself when I need to.That I will find things to really smile about.
Charlotte Woollard, The Enemy's Table|If you have a boat to sail, land becomes a choice! If you do not have a boat to sail, land becomes a fate! Create different choices so that you can have different fates!
Dada Bhagwan|No one has been successful in this ‘race course’. One simply dies of exhaustion from running. ‘We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) never take part in this race. ‘We’ would simply tell, ‘Dear Man, I am not capable.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|The proper management of one's feelings clearly lies along a complex (and therefore not simple or easy) balanced middle path, requiring constant judgment and continuing adjustment. Here the owner treats his feelings (slaves) with respect, nurturing them with good food, shelter and medical care, listening and responding to their voices, encouraging them, inquiring as to their health, yet also organizing them, limiting them, deciding clearly between them, redirecting them and teaching them, all the while leaving no doubt as to who is the boss. This is the path of healthy self-discipline.
Edgar Watson Howe|Be careful who you tell your secrets to because when situations change... sometimes, so do people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I am reminded of yet one more reason why I avoid children, why I have remained intentionally childless. Children make ruthless biographers and terrifying judges.
Auliq-Ice|A word mother, means a world to me.
Kristen Hope Mazzola, Crashing Back Down|I felt bad for trying to live a happy, full life, while my heart was buried in a dead man’s chest.
Adam Young|Time. There is much time left and lots of life seasons. There is much to see, to do, and to be.
David Simon|There's a lot of bitterness, there's a lot of anger out there. We all have to work hard to heal those wounds.
Laura Kipnis|Asking storytellers to be genuine is like, asking a chain smoker to quit smoking . Habit of lying isn't easy to fix. Pretend as believing is like selling cigarettes. What else we could do, if we want them to be in our lives...
Jeff Gordon|Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.
Hillary Jordan, When She Woke|Ruth was a novelist, and novelists, Oliver asserted, should have cats and books.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|You can't go through life striking out at people who hurt or scare you. All that does is show them that you're weak. It tells them that they've wounded you, and a strong woman never shows her wounds unless it serves a purpose.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Congratulations, Mousey, you’ve managed to insult every marsupial in the country in just under three kilometers.
Anne Lamott|Sometimes in international politics, the better part of wisdom is to defer dangers rather than try to eliminate them altogether instantly.
Pamela Clare, Surrender|Over time, this unspoken attration continued to blossom, refusing to dwindle or fade, though they had little opportunity to foster or nourish it. Slowly and patiently, Robert's sheer persistence in the chase had revealed his heart, and Charlotte came to realize the nameless thing between them was love.
Mitt Romney|As president, I'm committed to making Washington work better and rebuilding the trust of the people who sent us here.
Tana French, In the Woods|Human beings, as I know better than most, can get used to anything. Over time, even the unthinkable gradually wears a little niche for itself in your mind and becomes just something that happened.
Theophilus Ajadi, The Influence of the Holy Spirit on your Destiny|We are inflamed, by Thy Gift we are kindled; and are carried upwards; we glow inwardly, and go forwards. We ascend Thy ways that be in our heart, and sing a song of degrees; we glow inwardly with Thy fire, with Thy good fire, and we go; because we go upwards to the peace of Jerusalem: for gladdened was I in those who said unto me, We will go up to the house of the Lord. There hath Thy good pleasure placed us, that we may desire nothing else, but to abide there for ever.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|This was it, he knew it, was sure of it, this was the door which would take him back—
Ibnoulkhatib Yahya|Go on your way , use you brain , be innovative, achieve your dreams and don’t turn back, because you left so many envious people behind you !! …
Daniel Tammet, Born on a Blue Day: Inside the Extraordinary Mind of an Autistic Savant|No relationship is without its difficulties and this is certainly true when one or both of the persons involved has an autistic spectrum disorder. Even so, I believe what is truly essential to the success of any relationship is not so much compatibility, but love. When you love someone, virtually anything is possible.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are straightforward, then others will have no choice but to be straightforward with you. If someone curses you, is he doing so at your responsibility? Is he doing so at God’s responsibility? No. He curses you at his own responsibility. And if you were to curse back, then it will be at your responsibility.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Today's marriages become toxic, with resentments, after only a few years. It's one thing to say, 'I forgive,' but most lack the enterprise to do the necessary work that follows. It was the day after that proved who had the wisdom of God and who didn't.pg 46
Robert Bringhurst|Poetry is my cheap means of transportation. By the end of the poem the reader should be in a different place from where he started. I would like him to be slightly disoriented at the end, like I drove him outside of town at night and dropped him off in a cornfield.
C.S. Lewis|Because she is in God's hands.' But if so, she was in God's hands all the time, and I have seen what they did to her here. Do they suddenly become gentler to us the moment we are out of the body and if so, why? If God's goodness is inconsistent with hurting us, then either God is not good or there is no God: for the only life we know He hurts us beyond our worst fears and beyond all we can imagine. If it is consistent with hurting us, then He may hurt us after death is unendurably as before it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Solitude is the greatest treasure and through it, you can rebuild your life, reorder your life and solve life’s problems.
Brandon Mull, Grip of the Shadow Plague|Miss Fitt, you know curiosity gets men killed."I grinned. "Then I daresay it's good I'm a woman.
Donna Augustine, Fated|We weren't a couple, but friends didn't spoon every night. Fate and I were officially in relationship-no-man's-land.
L.A. Casey, Ryder|I can’t imagine how hard it is to let someone be your shoulder to lie on, when all you’ve known is being the strong one.” Alec reached over and took my hand in his.“You’ve always been strong for Bee, then for each of us when our individual bullshit came back to bite us in the ass. You’re incredible, Bran, and we don’t mean to pester you, we just want to show you that we’re here for you like you’re always there for us.
Alexis de Tocqueville|You can spend a lot of money on education, but if you don't spend it wisely, on improving the quality of instruction, you won't get higher student outcomes.
Robin Becker, Brains: A Zombie Memoir|..the nuclear family from across the street, which, as a result of decay, truly did have 2.5 kids;
Drew Barrymore|We never taste happiness in perfection, our most fortunate successes are mixed with sadness.
Nancy Connor, Shamans of the World|The world must begin sharing again. We need more kindness. -Takua Kawirembeyju, Guarani Shaman of Paraguay
Stephen Jay Gould, The Hedgehog, the Fox & the Magister's Pox: Mending the Gap Between Science & the Humanities|One enjoys the good things more to the extent that one goes to them after having labored in advance, for labors are a sauce for good things
Knut Hamsun|An increasing number of people who lead mental lives of great intensity, people who are sensitive by nature, notice the steadily more frequent appearance in them of mental states of great strangeness ... a wordless and irrational feeling of ecstasy; or a breath of psychic pain; a sense of being spoken to from afar, from the sky or the sea; an agonizingly developed sense of hearing which can cause one to wince at the murmuring of unseen atoms; an irrational staring into the heart of some closed kingdom suddenly and briefly revealed.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|To measure is to determine the ratio of one quantity to another which is invariable or assumed to be invariable. Invariability in respect of the property to be measured, or at least the legitimacy of assuming such invariability, is a sine qua non of all measurement. Only when this assumption is admissible is it possible to determine the variations that are to be measured.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.
Pete Seeger|Well, normally I’m against big things. I think the world is going to be saved by millions of small things. Too many things can go wrong when they get big.” — Pete Seeger (on how he felt about attending his big 90th birthday bash last year)
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|To believe in miracles in one thing...to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|I would say Randolph's a horse's ass, but that would be unfair to the horse.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Make a difference, change the game for the better, leave a legacy, be a guide that someone else can follow and make better, and then someone else will follow that and make that better.
Carlos Castañeda, The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge|Seek and see all the marvels around you. You will get tired of looking at yourself alone, and that fatigue will make you deaf and blind to everything else. - Don Juan
Eric Braeden|The reason it has relevance is because I, as a popular Arab personality - the Arab people like me and respect me - thought it was time for me to make an ever so tiny statement about what I thought about this whole thing.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|You see, Katie," Pastor Ron said, "that’s what makes faith so tough to grasp, but also makes it so wonderful. It’s all about believing in something—whether it’s God, or other people, or even yourself—when you’ve got nothing else to go on. Nothing but a little voice inside telling you it’s more than a hunch.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Consort|Ransom really looked at the other man for the first time, shook his head, stared again.“Holy hell, your eyes are like a fucking viper’s.” Venom raised an eyebrow.“You have hair prettier than one of Astaad’s concubines.” Ransom gave the vampire the finger. Venom grinned.
David Mitchell, number9dream|The reporter asked, "why did you play so hard.""Because there might have been somebody in the stands today who'd never seen my play before, and might never see me again"-Joe DiMaggio
Herbert A. Simon, The Sciences of the Artificial|Human beings, viewed as behaving systems, are quite simple. The apparent complexity of our behavior over time is largely a reflection of the complexity of the environment in which we find ourselves.
Phan Qi Xiang|It was evenings like that when beneath dim light and relaxing in a sultry bath that she missed him the most. A flicker of candlelight, wind breathing snow against the window and the soothing scent of creme caramel – all were a comfort to her as she closed her eyes, summoned memories and many a tender thought. She didn't feel deserving of the devotion bestowed upon her, but she had finally learned to accept its wondrous gift, knowing that love was the source of existence and its only end.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And so I would like to thank you. You taught me, again and again again and again and again, not to dream of you. And I listened. I am silent. These words are not words of love, but of the silence that will remain when I walk away when this letter is done. I have listened and I do not continue to imagine our love, for it was not love. You were too busy walking a flowered path, and it was my misstep that I thought we had something more than an hour’s fun for you.Thank you, for clarifying for me what love is not.Love is no thing, and nothing is a gift, space is a playground, and time and distance are merely peaks and valleys in the topography of real love.And I would remind you: I am not one of your fans. For I know what I deserve, and it is one who is not afraid of fear. Love does not require this map: it makes its way across the miles. Love does not heed the time; it is not rooted in the months of one or two moons. Love is not bothered by obstacles—they form the high sides to the left and right of this rocky path. This path does not depend upon external signs: love will find its own way.
Lindsay McKenna, Wind River Wrangler|To anyone who knows a writer, never underestimate the power of your encouragement.
Noah Feldman|With the end of the cold war, all the 'isms' of the 20th century - Fascism, Nazism, Communism and the evil of apartheid-ism - have failed. Except one. Only democracy has shown itself true the help of all mankind.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Painting is so poetic, while sculpture is more logical and scientific and makes you worry about gravity.
Vijay Prashad, Everybody Was Kung Fu Fighting: Afro-Asian Connections and the Myth of Cultural Purity|But there is one thing that is privileged to be a paradoxical sign of God, in relation to which men are able to manifest their deepest commitment -- our Neighbor. The sacrament of our Neighbor!' -- Congar
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When you find your twin flame you also find your freedom, for there is nothing more exhilarating, wild and free than absolute soul love.
Kate Christensen|My mother never met a gadget she didn't like. There were tube pans for baking the angel food cakes my father could have after his first heart attack, and Bundt pans and loaf pans and baking pans and grilling pans.
Gift Gugu Mona|To live today well and to avoid tomorrow's trouble, past should not be forgotten.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|It should be held as an eternal truth, that what is morally wrong can never be politically right.
Joyce Meyer|I guess I'm pretty much of a lone wolf. I don't say I don't like people at all, but, to tell you the truth, I only like it then if I have a chance to look deep into their hearts and their minds.
Eda Dagli|We can name this river, here and now—but we cannot name the water itself. We can name our gods and we can name ourselves, but we cannot name the essence of sacred identity that flows through both, that connects us and sanctifies us." - Alison Leigh Lilly, "Naming the Water: Human and Deity Identity from an Earth-Centered Perspective
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|Unlike temporal leadership, in which violence and death often proliferate, Christ’s rule signifies reunion between predator and prey, malefactors and innocents.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|Your blindness to my downfall,Has gone too far to be a joke,As I stand ablaze before you,And you tell me you smell smoke.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|There goes the girl with the wings," they say. "The damned dreamer with her eyes shut to the world.""There goes the misguided soul with her heart buried in the ground."They taunt. They lie. They lie. THEY LIE.I don't pretend to understand life. THEY LIE.
Carlton D. Pearson, God Is Not a Christian, Nor a Jew, Muslim, Hindu...: God Dwells with Us, in Us, Around Us, as Us|Christians risk becoming utterly irrelevant in their own culture if they continue to seperate people into "We the Saved" and "They the Damned". Again, I ask, do we need Jesus to protect us from God? Is that what Christianity as we've known is about? Are we saved from God by God?
Kgosietsile Martin Timothy|We cry when something is sad. Then we often shed a tear when something's beautiful as well. When something's funny or ugly, we laugh. Perhaps we are sad when something is beautiful because we know that it won't last for ever. Then, we start laughing when something is ugly because we understand that it's only a joke.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|With belles no longer did he fall in love,but dangled after them just anyhow;when they refused, he solaced in a twinkle;when they betrayed, was glad to rest.He would seek them without intoxication,while he left them without regret,hardly remembering their love and spite.Exactly thus does an indifferent guestdrive up for evening whist:sits down; then, once the game is over,he drives off from the place,at home falls peacefully asleep,and in the morning does not know himself where he will drive to in the evening.
Noam Shpancer|The choice in this life is not between easy and hard, but between kinds of hardship, between a hardship that gives birth to wisdom, compassion and mercy, and the hardship that keeps on replicating itself to no end.
Mark A. Noll, The Scandal of the Evangelical Mind|The great truth of the Incarnation is that the Son of God became flesh and dwelt among us. In this foundational truth we may emphasize the nature of the Son of Man himself, or we may emphasize his taking on flesh and dwelling among us. The condemning scandal for evangelicals is that they have neglected this second emphasis and all that it implies about the possibility of thinking about this realm of flesh. Their redeeming scandal is that they have not yet forgotten the first.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|You've lived through a lot of wars, I said. "Yes."Do they ever make more sense?"No.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|And she [Ada] thought momentarily that she ought to worry about losing her beauty, about having become brown and stringy and rough. And then she thought that you went on living one day after another, and in time you were somebody else, your previous self only like a close relative, a sister or brother, with whom you shared a past. But a different person, a separate life.
Courtney Lynch|At Lead Star, we believe that leadership can help you create a better workplace, a better life, and a better you.
Vivek Pereira, Indians in Pakistan|All this simply shows us that communalism and terrorism are nothing but opposite sides of the same coin. They keep feeding on each other in a vicious cycle, resulting in a society full of violence, hatred, sorrow and intolerance. Every communal act is used as a justification for mindless acts of terrorism . Similarly , each act of terrorism is used as a justification for such horrible atrocities like genocide and ethnic cleansing. And, it is always the innocent who get killed. This is the sad truth.
Tao Lin, Bed|Though she’d begun to get a bit fat that winter, it was in February, around when her father found a toy poodle (sitting there, in the side yard, watchful and waiting as a person), and adopted it, that a weightlessness entered into Chelsea’s blood—an inside ventilation, like a bacteria of ghosts—and it was sometime in the fall, before her 23rd birthday, that her heart, her small and weary core, neglected now for years, vanished a little, from the center out, took on the strange and hollowed heaviness of a weakly inflated balloon.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|We learn through stories and scenarios, and this book is all about stories and scenarios. The purpose of the scenarios in this book is to help you understand some typical situations that confront middle school kids and how you can address each situation. Each scenario has a story told from the multiple points of view of those most affected by the story's situation—by the kid, by the parents, by the teachers, and sometimes by a principal or other adult.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Who am I? What is my identity?I am a human being who doesn’t want to be identified as an Asian or as an American. I am not brown nor Desi. I want to be identified as a human being who is here to help helpless human beings no matter where they are from and what their race is. I don’t see color, I don’t see race. I only see human beings.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|The world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.
Adriana Trigiani, The Queen of the Big Time|He said a man should always have to work hard to win a woman's heart, because when he gets it, it's worth it, and he'll never take it for granted.
David Sarnoff|To desire and strive to be of some service to the world, to aim at doing something which shall really increase the happiness and welfare and virtue of mankind - this is a choice which is possible for all of us; and surely it is a good haven to sail for.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Bowl|When we leverage, we aggregate and organize existing resources to achieve success.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|Graduating from college doesn't mean you're smart, said Mike Mussina who graduated from Stanford in 3 1/2 years, but it does mean you're smart enough to know that having a college degree would be a good thing.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The more I understand the mind and the human experience, the more I begin to suspect there is no such thing as unhappiness; there is only ungratefulness.
Sarah Dunant, The Birth of Venus|At the edge of the still, dark pool that was the sea, at the brimming edge of freedom where no boat was to be seen, she spoke the first words of the few they were to exchange. ‘I cannot swim. You know it?” In the dark she saw the flash of his smile. ‘Trust me.’ And he drew her with a strong hand until the green phosphorescence beaded her ankles, and deeper, and deeper, until the thick milk-warm water, almost unfelt, was up to her waist. She heard him swear feelingly to himself as the salt water searched out, discovered his burns. Then with a rustle she saw his pale head sink back into the quiet sea and at the same moment she was gripped and drawn after him, her face to the stars, drawn through the tides with the sea lapping like her lost hair at her cheeks, the drive of his body beneath her pulling them both from the shore. They were launched on the long journey towards the slim shape, black against glossy black, which was the brigantine, with Thompson on board.
David Nicholls, One Day|It would be inappropiate, undignified, at 38, to conduct friendships or love affairs with the ardour or intensity of a 22 year old. Falling in love like that? Writing poetry? Crying at pop songs? Dragging people into photobooths? Taking a whole day to make a compilation tape? Asking people if they wanted to share your bed, just for company? If you quoted Bob Dylan or TS Eliot or, god forbid, Brecht at someone these days they would smile politely and step quietly backwards, and who would blame them? Ridiculous, at 38, to expect a song or book or film to change your life.
James A. Michener|I am a humanist because I think humanity can, with constant moral guidance, create reasonably decent societies. I think that young people who want to understand the world can profit from the works of Plato and Socrates, the behaviour of the three Thomases, Aquinas, More and Jefferson — the austere analyses of Immanuel Kant and the political leadership of Abraham Lincoln and Franklin Roosevelt. [The World Is My Home (1991)]
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|[Robert] Jensen calls for an end to our current understanding of masculinity. He says, "We men can settle for being men, or we can strive to be human beings." What's funny is that that statement essentially echoes the same hope I have for women: that we can start to see ourselves, and encourage men to see us, as more than just the sum of our sexual parts: not as virgins or whores, as mothers or girlfriends, or as existing only in relation to men, but as people with independent desires, hopes and abilities.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|Why do they make things so complicated?""So that those who have the responsibility for understanding can understand.," he said. "Imagine if everyone went around transforming lead into gold. Gold would lose its value.""It's those who are persistent, and willing to study things deeply, who achieve the Master Work.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes; but it will be an empty victory because you will never get your opponent's good will.
Pat Riley|Nothing is impossible, but no one is perfect to make it possible.
Sunday Adelaja|God is expecting us to stand in the gap between the dying earth and the heavens, for the will of God to be done on earth like it is in heaven
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Peacemaking is a noble vocation . . . To be a peacemaker, you must know the Peace-Giver.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|I was starting to believe I was a character in a greater story, which is why the elements of story made sense in the first place.
Norah Jones|To have someone to relate to and hopefully enjoy the music and get a positive message out of it, to make the best music that we possibly could, those were the goals.
Eden Phillpotts, A Shadow Passes|We are often jealous of our little secrets, though to another ear they generally convey neither profit nor entertainment.
Loula Grace Erdman, The Years of the Locust|It will always depend on you, the choices you make and the actions you take.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|In the middle of a grocery store, two children were horsing around (one holding the other in a headlock) when the mother turned abruptly to give them a stern repr
Rebecca Aguilar|Quit your bitching, if you're not pitching
Dennis Sharpe, Distant Thunder|If misery were water, he thinks as he climbs into his car and turns the key, I could just drown or let it wash me away entirely.
Cliff Burton|I have a feeling, one of those gut feelings, that I'll make pretty good movies the rest of my life.
John Mayer|I wouldn't tell you anything about anybody I cared about because it becomes entertainment for other people, and it sort of just cheapens everything in your life. I would never tell you if I was dating anybody.
Julie Anne Long|I suppose,” continued Nate, “it’s not Bertie’s fault that he lacks the physical stature to carry a delicate young woman such as yourself a good distance. I believe he did not care to see you within the folds of my arms which were reluctant to release you, for I thought I would never see you again...
Paulo Coelho, Like the Flowing River|It is part of the human nature always to judge others very severely and,when the wind turns against us,always to find an excuse for our own misdeeds,or to blame someone else for our mistakes.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|While you were born with a self-worth and is a gift of God to you to begin your life with, your net worth is what you build here on earth and what you choose to do with the resources and gifts that you have been given.
Tom Wolfe, I am Charlotte Simmons|My mother said the bizarre name Raccoona had surely been inspired, at least on a subliminal level, by the masks raccoons don't wear but simply have - the ones given them by nature..... [S]he pointed out that Le Guin had suspected all along that Raccoona and Tiptree were two authors that came from the same source, but in a letter to Alice she wrote that she preferred Tiptree to Raccoona: 'Raccoona, I think, has less control, thus less wit and power.'Le Guin, Mother said, had understood something deep. 'When you take on a male persona, something happens.'When I asked her what that was, she sat back in her chair, waved her arm, and smiled. 'You get to be the father.
Tyler Knight, Burn My Shadow: A Selective Memory of an X-Rated Life|Viagra, Valtrex, Valium... you fuck enough strangers, you're taking a blue pill with a "V" on it.
Jon Postel|Okay, I have internet but it's limited and here on the web the information is countless.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Americans today spend less on food, as a percentage of disposable income (10%), than any other industrialized nation... meaning that we could afford to spend more on food if we chose to.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|At a time when history made its way slowly, the few events were easily remembered and woven into a backdrop, known to everyone, before which private life unfolded the gripping show of its adventures. Nowadays, time moves forward at a rapid pace. Forgotten overnight, a historic event glistens the next day like the morning dew and thus is no longer the backdrop to a narrator's tale but rather an amazing adventure enacted against the background of the over-familiar banality of private life.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|The problem with playing hide-and-seek with your sister is that sometimes she gets bored and stops looking for you.And there you are - under the couch, in the closet, wedged behind the lilac tree - and you don't want to give up, because maybe she's just biding her time. But maybe she's wandered off...
Noel DeJesus|Success is mesmerizing, and blinding. Sometimes you need good old fashion failure to open your eyes.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Call Me Irresistible|Nature seems to take advantage of the simple mathematical representations of the symmetry laws. When one pauses to consider the elegance and the beautiful perfection of the mathematical reasoning involved and contrast it with the complex and far-reaching physical consequences, a deep sense of respect for the power of the symmetry laws never fails to develop.
C. JoyBell C.|It seems like such an amazing predicament to me, how one does not become a better person by seeking out in the world those who are lesser than himself and then saying, "I will be better than you because you're not as good as me." You don't become better by looking at others and trying to be better than them. You become a better person by looking at yourself in the mirror, and, seeking to overcome and to overthrow all the flaws within yourself, you overcome the weaker you, the lesser you; you become the better You, the stronger You, the higher You. That's how it goes.
Nikki Rowe|He who discovers the light, discovers life. He who discovers the dark, discovers death, Neither are wrong and neither are right; your perception is what will guide your path. Our minds are our tools, our hearts our truth and our instinct our guidance, don't let them fool you.
Anthony Liccione|Unto the Cross came death, and unto death came the Cross.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|There is ascension to potential that Plato couldn’t conceive while prescribing idealism to conception as highest existences. With Streams, there isn’t a difference between ideas and instantiations. They are both authenticated within all possibilities in Stream, within the Primal Cause as ordered. Ideas as ordered constructs in consciousness, instantiations as ordered effects. Instantiations for instance are ordered products from ideas. Ideas are ordered constructs in consciousness. And in authentication, they are the same as external effects.
Jeanette Walls|Years from now, when all the junk they got is broken and long forgotten, you'll still have your stars.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|If you take goodwill for granted and get sloppy, you might get away with it once or twice, but you won't get away with it for ever. You should always treat the things that treat you good with respect, because otherwise you will suffer for it. More important than that is the fact that it's just the right thing to do.
Paul Bradley Smith|The strength of our digital ‪community‬ is derived by the ‪relationships‬ we build over time by connecting, sharing and engaging our successes as well as our failures. This creates extraordinary opportunities because we are‪ ‎human‬ and carry a unique trait called ‪empathy‬ that naturally wants to add value and help others
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The closer you come to knowing that you alone create the world of your experience, the more vital it becomes for you to discover just who is doing the creating.
Roberto Cavalli|I used to design for my body, which was flat-chested with big hips. That's why my clothes were tight on top with full skirts.
Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe|When Suzie introduced Helen, she told the audience that one of the best things about books is that they are an interactive art form: that while the author may describe in some detail how a character looks, it is the reader's imagination that completes the image, making it his or her own. "That's why we so often don't like movies made from books, right?" Suzie said. "We don't like someone else's interpretation of what we see so clearly." She talked, too, about how books educate and inspire, and how they soothe the soul-"like comfort food without the calories," she said. She talked about the tactile joys of reading, the feel of a page beneath one's fingers; the elegance of typeface on a page. She talked about how people complain that they don't have time to read, and reminded them that if they gave up half an hour of television a day in favor of reading, they could finish twenty-five books a year. "Books don't take time away from us," she said. "They give it back. In this age of abstraction, of multitasking, of speed for speed's sake, they reintroduce us to the elegance-and the relief!-of real, tick-tock time.
Darnell Lamont Walker|For all that was happening to him, his voice was strong and inviting, and his mind was vibrating with a million thoughts. He was intent on proving that the word 'dying' was not synonymous with 'useless'.
C.G. Jung|To find out what is truly individual in ourselves, profound reflection is needed; and suddenly we realize how uncommonly difficult the discovery of individuality is.
Maggie Nelson|For blue has no mind. It is not wise, nor does it promise any wisdom. It is beautiful, and despite what the poets and philosophers and theologians have said, I think beauty neither obscures truth nor reveals it. Likewise, it leads neither towards justice nor away from it. It is pharmakon. It radiates.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons and an Unlikely Road to Manhood|Who then shall unravel all these subtle combinations? Who shall trace the exact dividing line that marks off one form of extremism from its opposite? It can be done only by a love of country and a love of truth. Kings and knaves will always try to destroy this love, for they shun reason and truth like the p
Warren Ellis, Frankenstein's Womb|Religion lives not in dogma, but utterly within the virtues of love and self-sacrifice. Without those, there is no future I can bear to stand, nor hope for the continuance of God's creation. It is not blasphemy to say that the work of Jesus the redeemer was and is to break the chains of the realms of darkness. And set free the creature from the power of sin.
Robert Hormats|When you say 'design,' everybody thinks of magazine pages. So it's an emotive word. Everybody thinks it's how something looks, whereas for me, design is pretty much everything.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|That was the only time, as I stood there, looking at that strange rubbish, feeling the wind coming across those empty fields, that I started to imagine just a little fantasy thing, because this was Norfolk after all, and it was only a couple of weeks since I’d lost him. I was thinking about the rubbish, the flapping plastic in the branches, the shore-line of odd stuff caught along the fencing, and I half-closed my eyes and imagined this was the spot where everything I'd ever lost since my childhood had washed up, and I was now standing here in front of it, and if I waited long enough, a tiny figure would appear on the horizon across the field, and gradually get larger until I'd see it was Tommy, and he'd wave, maybe even call. The fantasy never got beyond that --I didn't let it-- and though the tears rolled down my face, I wasn't sobbing or out of control. I just waited a bit, then turned back to the car, to drive off to wherever it was I was supposed to be.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When we’re not true to our thoughts and not true to the feelings we have deep inside, we find ourselves unhappy. Be courageous enough to align your life with your feelings, desires, and sense of purpose.
Laz Alonso|I don't believe in planning for things. I just want them to fall in place, unfold as they like. I never design things. I want films to choose me; I don't choose films.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Each day I connect with my inner being. Doing so, makes navigating through life so much easier.
Steven Pinker|As many political writers have pointed out, commitment to political equality is not an empirical claim that people are clones.
Helen Fisher|Blushing is thought to be linked to increased levels of norepinephrine in the brain, which may be associated with romantic feelings. It signals that we are interested and excited, which is attractive to men.
Willow Shields|I would love to have a complete family. I'd love to do it all at once. I'd love to be able to give to my children what my parents were able to give to me. And if I'm blessed to be able to do that, fantastic. If I'm not, then life goes on. You have to do the best you can. I do think we have to bring the family back; I do.
V.C. Andrews, Pearl in the Mist|Sometimes doing the right thing does take more courage, but the feeling it gives you deep inside makes it worth it.
Lydia Millet|At the Norman Invasion, the Saxon thanes were themselves humbled in turn; the manors were given a more legal character and transferred to favourites of William the Conqueror.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Harry flung himself out from behind the bush and pulled out his wand."EXPECTO PATRONUM!" he yelled.And out of the end of his wand burst, not a shapeless cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal. He screwed up his eyes, trying to see what it was. It looked like a horse. It was galloping silently away from him, across the black surface of the lake. He saw it lower its head and charge at the swarming dementors. . . . Now it was galloping around and around the black shapes on the ground, and the dementors were falling back, scattering, retreating into the darkness. . . . They were gone. The Patronus turned. It was cantering back toward Harry across the still surface of the water. It wasn't a horse. It wasn't a unicorn, either. It was a stag. It was shining brightly as the moon above. . . it was coming back to him.
Cedric J. Robinson, Black Marxism: The Making of the Black Radical Tradition|White liberals, instead of comparing what has happened to the black family since the liberal welfare state policies of the 1960s were put into practice, compare black families to white families and conclude that the higher rates of broken homes and unwed motherhood among blacks are due to “a legacy of slavery.” But why the large-scale disintegration of the black family should have begun a hundred years after slavery is left unexplained. Whatever the situation of the black family relative to the white family, in the past or the present, it is clear that broken homes were far more common among blacks at the end of the twentieth century than they were in the middle of that century or at the beginning of that century —even though blacks at the beginning of the twentieth century were just one generation out of slavery. The widespread and casual abandonment of their children, and of the women who bore them, by black fathers in the ghettos of the late twentieth century was in fact a painfully ironic contrast with what had happened in the immediate aftermath of slavery a hundred years earlier, when observers in the South reported desperate efforts of freed blacks to find family members who had been separated from them during the era of slavery.
Dan Castellaneta|I think bands, when they're on the road, they keep their sanity by developing an internal sense of humor.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Though I cannot tell why it was exactly that those stage managers, the Fates, put me down for this shabby part of a whaling voyage, when others were set down for magnificent parts in high tragedies, and short and easy parts in genteel comedies, and jolly parts in faces—though I cannot tell why this was exactly; yet, now that I recall all the circumstances, I think I can see a little into the springs and motives which being cunningly presented to me under various disguises, induced me to set about performing the part I did, besides cajoling me into the delusion that it was a choice resulting from my own unbiased freewill and discriminating judgment.
Pope Francis|I grew up feeling 'less than.' I was the sad, shy child hiding in the hall closet beneath coats. I'd wait for my grandmother's voice to call, 'Jewell, Jewell.' I was lost, waiting to be found. I thought being found, I'd be happier, better. All the while, I read stories. Stories with both truth and lies.
Edward Abbey|Apropos of Eskimo, I once heard a missionary describe the extraordinary difficulty he had found in translating the Bible into Eskimo. It was useless to talk of corn or wine to a people who did not know even what they meant, so he had to use equivalents within their powers of comprehension. Thus in the Eskimo version of the Scriptures the miracle of Cana of Galilee is described as turning the water into blubber; the 8th verse of the 5th chapter of the First Epistle of St. Peter ran: ‘Your adversary the devil, as a roaring Polar bear walketh about, seeking whom he may devour.’ In the same way ‘A land flowing with milk and honey’ became ‘A land flowing with whale’s blubber,’ and throughout the New Testament the words ‘Lamb of God’ had to be translated ‘little Seal of God,’ as the nearest possible equivalent. The missionary added that his converts had the lowest opinion of Jonah for not having utilised his exceptional opportunities by killing and eating the whale.
Hanna Arendt|Chaos is not the lack of order, it is merely the absence of order, that the observer is used to.
David Finkel, Thank You for Your Service|It seems like it might go on for a while, so Tausolo takes a seat and looks around the sergeant's cubicle. There's not much to see, since the guy just arrived at the WTB, only a blank form tacked to a wall that looks like every other army form in the world."Hurt Feelings Report," it is titled. "Whiner's name," it says under that. "Which ear were the words of hurtfulness spoken into?" it says under that. "Is there permanent feeling damage?" "Did you require a 'tissue' for tears?" "Has this resulted in a traumatic brain injury?""Reason for filing this report," it says under that. "Mark all that apply." "I am a wimp." "I am a crybaby." "I want my mommy." "I was told that I am not a hero." "Narrative," it says under that. "Tell us in your own sissy words how your feelings were hurt." Finally at the bottom of the form:We, as the Army, take hurt feelings seriously. If you don't have someone who can give you a hug and make things all better, please let us know and we will promptly dispatch a "hugger" to you ASAP. In the event we are unable to find a "hugger" we will notify the fire department and request that they send fire personnel to your location. If you are in need of supplemental support, upon written request, we will make every reasonable effort to provide you with a "blankey," a "binky" and/or a bottle if you so desire.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|My goal as a puzzle designer is to create a meaningful experience for the player, not just 'I solved it.'
Toni Sorenson|You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.
Darius Rucker|ABC wouldn't be a player in the news major leagues until the 1970s, when Roone Arledge brought to ABC News the energy and programming approach he had applied to ABC Sports.
Bertrand Russell|Observe how many people evade, rationalize and drive their minds into a state of blind stupor, in dread of discovering that those they deal with- their "loved ones" or friends or business associates or political rulers- are not merely mistaken, but evil. Observe that this dread leads them to sanction, to help and to spread the very evil whose existence they fear to acknowledge.
Nancy J. Napier|Stillness offers an experience of being and a recognition that being . . . my essence . . . is a part of all Being, all Essence.
Sean Patrick Brennan, Heaven, Hell, and the Planet in Between: Book 1: The Uniter|Know that God loves you very, very much. And remind others that they are loved too. If they don’t want to hear that God loves them, then tell them you love them. It will be just as important! Beliefs vary, but love always works!
Takashi Hiraide, The Guest Cat|Four of us,' said Morwen. The cats yowled. 'Yes, I know, and of course you're coming, but you can't carry a bucket of soapy water, so for the purposes of this discussion it doesn't matter,' she told them. The cats gave her an affronted look, turned their backs, and began making indignant little noises at each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Wherever, I am welcome, there is my home.
Sudha Murty|We can give our children only two things in life which are essential. Strong roots and powerful wings. Then they may fly anywhere and live independently. Of all the luxuries in life, the greatest luxury is getting freedom of the right kind.
James Spader|I think that the two of them have been doing this for a really long time and it is more like sport. Yes, they would love to find a lasting relationship, but it's not likely to happen the way they are going about it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Since the future is unknown, in every step forward we walk to the unknown!
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|He never chooses an opinion, he just wears whatever happens to be in style.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Fear is the strong passion; it is with fear that you must trifle, if you wish to taste the intensest joys of living.
Norman O. Brown|In the U.S. there are many people willing to work on $9 per hour, which is causing Tasmania to lose its famous apple industry and Australia to import more and more of its fruit and food from lower cost countries. In fact, all over Australia there are warning signs of us killing or restricting our own industries.
Simone de Beauvoir|Sinful and forbidden pleasures are like poisoned bread; they may satisfy appetite for the moment, but there is death in them at the end.
Debasish Mridha|When you see the fire of hate, spread the tranquility of your ocean of love.
Lynda Barry|By simply capitalizing on core strengths and knowledge, companies and entrepreneurs can engage in an emerging business model that will enable them to create - and demonstrate - real, sustainable social impact in society.
Laura Purdie Salas, Stampede!: Poems to Celebrate the Wild Side of School|I feel my griefs too, and there scarce is groundUpon my flesh t'inflict another wound.Yet dare I not complain, or wish for deathWith holy Paul; lest it be thought the breathOf discontent; or that these prayers beFor weariness of life, not love of thee.
Sami Abouzid|The Ones You Forgot To Grab Their Contact Info , Were the Worthy Ones of your time and life
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|I have a message for your daughter,” said Cale. “I am bound to her with cables that not even God can break. One day, if there is a soft breeze on her cheek, it may be my breath; one night, if the cool wind plays with her hair, it may be my shadow passing by.” And with this terrible threat he faced forward and the procession started once more. In less than a minute they were gone. In her shady room Arbell Swan-Neck stood white and cold as alabaster.
Heather Heffner, Year of the Tiger|He was a man's man: an expert on the golf course, a force to be dealt with in business, and a Texan through and through--and proud of it.
Charlotte Rogan, The Lifeboat|In the land of the blind, a one eyed man is king
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|Mom always said people worried too much about their children. Suffering when you're young is good for you, she said. It immunized your body and your soul, and that was why she ignored us kids when we cried. Fussing over children who cry only encouraged them, she told us. That's positive reinforcement for negative behavior.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|What do you want to do with your life, then?” is often the question I'm asked.To be honest, I don't know. I really don't.Mainly because I don't see myself living long enough for that to make much of a difference.
Vinicius de Moraes|...Who knows what death, anxiety of the living, Who knows what loneliness, end of the lovingI could say to myself of the love (I had): Let it not be immortal, since it is flame But let it be infinite while it lasts.
