Margaret Peterson Haddix, Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey|It’s like I’d been walking a tightrope with a big safety net underneath me, but I never really thought about the net until someone took it away. And then every single step scared me to death.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|I beg you, help me, in angelic charity,Pray my efforts will reflect your mastery!
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|It is no accident that narcissists and altruists often have a magnetic attraction to one another. Can you see how perfect the fit is? The altruistic feels the need to selflessly serve others and this is just what the narcissist wants. Narcissists want to be worshipped and gratified in every way possible, and this is just what altruists offer, thinking it demonstrates their moral virtue.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|When you feel a weak moment coming on, the key is self-control.
David K. E. Bruce|Young lawyers attend the courts, not because they have business there, but because they have no business.
Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom|When did we revert back to sticks and shields,Uniform uniforms, stylized agenda reveals,Hiding behind glass with nods to our reflection,Blocking out the light that sparked the deception?Who do we see staring across the isle,A path once for feet now stretched into miles,Removed from our view to a place unseen,Forcing poisonous venom through a flickering screen?Where should we gather outside of the homes,But a place for the masses to manifest from their phones,The hatred and evil broadcasting the waves,Telling you daily, “Elvis lives and Jesus saves”?What could restart a flawed mental state,Built on cause and guilt for an unfulfilled faithIn policy, redemption, a nation self aware,Our values compressed and trapped in despair?How can we rise with the odds in their favor,Sedated once more, still waiting for a SaviorWilling to spare from thoughts profound?Stand tall, my friends, when the fool comes around.
David M. Burns|Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism. Confronting your fears and allowing yourself the right to be human can, paradoxically, make you a far happier and more productive person.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Sometimes the things that destroy you, become the architectural blueprints which make your mind royal.
Rashid Johnson|I'm talking to you and it's basically a direct communication, whereas if I'm writing a letter to you and you read the letter, there are like 12 extra deconstruction and reconstruction steps in the communication.
Auliq Ice, Let's Face It|The virtuous man takes the middle road between the two extremes, making a point of being respectful of his own ideas without changing his personality or style.
Nido Qubein|Define your life,Define your world,Define your passions,Define your goals.
James C. Dobson|Therefore, a search for God's will should begin on your knees. He will meet you there. Remember that Jesus promised, "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you" (Matthew 7:7).
Remo D'Souza|I've never really been met with indifference, where they say, 'Who cares?' I think that's what good art is supposed to do. It's not supposed to make you feel good about your own prejudices and your own values; it's supposed to open you up in some way and get you outraged or make you happy or make you sad or whatever it's going to do.
Charles R. Swindoll|My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.
Ellen J. Barrier|A relationship has to be nourished with passion, and built upon the foundation of trust, to be one that last a lifetime.
Trevor Donovan|Baking cookies is comforting, and cookies are the sweetest little bit of comfort food. They are very bite-sized and personal.
Sontag, Susan|What does it mean to protest suffering, as distinct from acknowledging it?
Enock Maregesi|Imani ni nia ya kujua kisichoweza kujulikana na hupeleka watu kwenye ukweli. Kuamini hupotosha, na ni nia ya kudharau kinachoweza kujulikana.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|That's when I realized that as long as you don't broadcast your beefs, you can get away cold with murder. It's even better if you don't allow the beef to take place. If someone disrespects you, you can know in your heard that you're going to get him, but you don't have to show him there's a beef. You can just look at it like, Okay, this nigga must not know. And then you fall back and you put it down.
Candi Kay, Christopher|We had our arms round each other. It was like holding in my hand some rare, exhausted, nearly doomed bird which I had miraculously happened to find.
Laura Amy Schlitz|Most of the time when you laugh, it's because something is amiss - clumsy or wrong or sad - but when you laugh at a kitten, you laugh of pure joy.
Tom Lehrer|If a queen comes to America, crowds fill the station squares, and attendant British journalists rejoice, 'You see: the American Cousins are as respectful to Royalty as we are.'But the Americans have read of queens since babyhood. they want to see one queen, once, and if another came to town next week, with twice as handsome a crown, she would not draw more than two small boys and an Anglophile.Americans want to see one movie star, one giraffe, one jet plance, one murder, but only one. They run up a skyscraper or the fame of generals and evangelists and playwrights in one week and tear them all down in an hour, and the mark of excellence everywhere is 'under new management'.
Raheel Farooq|Hundreds of wise men cannot make the world a heaven, but one idiot is enough to turn it into a hell.
Nicholas Sparks|Now, go, wirte it before them in a table and note it in a book, that it may be fore the time to come for ever and ever. Isiah 30:8
Maya Banks, Hidden Away|It just makes me realize how . . . fleeting life can be. How quickly it all passes by. And it's strange to read something written by someone whose life was really just beginning then but who's dead now."He nodded, looking like he was taking that in. But then he said, "That's kinda deep, Daisy."She laughed, rolled her eyes. "Well, you asked. So if that's too deep for you, tell me about your fish.""Well, they were small and blue and I feel emotional because their lives were really just starting but they're dead now.
Ma Jun|China leads the world in energy consumption, carbon emissions, and the release of major air and water pollutants, and the environmental impact is felt both regionally and globally.
Ann Aguirre, Restoration|YThat perfect letter. The wishbone, fork in the road, empty wineglass. The question we ask over and over. Why? Me with my arms outstretched, feet in first position. The chromosome half of us don't have. Second to last in the alphabet: almost there. Coupled with an L, let's make an adverb. A modest X, legs closed. Y or N? Yes, of course. Upside-down peace sign. Little bird tracks in the sand.Y, a Greet letter, joined the Latin alphabet after the Romans conquered Greece in the first century -- a double agent: consonant and vowel. No one used adverbs before then, and no one was happy.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Aziraphale collected books. If he were totally honest with himself he would have to have admitted that his bookshop was simply somewhere to store them. He was not unusual in this. In order to maintain his cover as a typical second-hand book seller, he used every means short of actual physical violence to prevent customers from making a purchase. Unpleasant damp smells, glowering looks, erratic opening hours - he was incredibly good at it.
Jordan Hoechlin|Extravagant love, as in every generation before us, has been ridiculed and scorned. it is seen as wasteful and reckless overspending. But extravagant love, the offering of everything, the emptying of the pockets of our life, is the essence of true Christianity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Craving for the top of the mountain is a feeling to yearn for, an endurance we learn from.
Nikki Rowe|I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.
Sharon Salzberg, Love Your Enemies: How to Break the Anger Habit & Be a Whole Lot Happier|All feminine claws, he said to himself, are sheathed in velvet; but they can hurt a good deal if they touch you on the sore places of the defects of your qualities--even merely with the velvet.
Jane Goodall|The American people need to know that there are folks here fighting as hard as they can for individual liberty, economic freedom, appropriate national security and the fundamental moral values that have made our nation the greatest nation in the history of mankind.
Izey Victoria Odiase|Relax, Recharge and Reflect. Sometimes it’s OK to do nothing.
Barbara Pym, Excellent Women|We, my dear Mildred, are the observers of life. Let other people get married by all means, the more the merrier. . . . Let Dora marry if she likes. She hasn't your talent for observation.
Walter Isaacson|Mind you, Roman Holiday - which is kind of a romantic comedy - is one of my favorite films, and I think Audrey Hepburn is absolutely phenomenal in that movie.
Julien Torma|Here we are in the century of information, that is to say the unformed. Every kind of literature will be journalistic, with a science for ballast.
Alice Bag|During my 20’s and 30’s at some point I started to think, “I have to give it up and I have to grow up.” But the truth is that I can never give it up and that’s another thing that I always tell people, especially young people: don’t even bother thinking that you’re going to give up whatever your art or your creative thing is. It’s always there for you.
Anne Bradstreet, The Works of Anne Bradstreet|The Author To Her BookThou ill-formed offspring of my feeble brain,Who after birth did'st by my side remain,Till snatcht from thence by friends, less wise than true,Who thee abroad exposed to public view,Made thee in rags, halting to th' press to trudge,Where errors were not lessened (all may judge).At thy return my blushing was not small,My rambling brat (in print) should mother call.I cast thee by as one unfit for light,The visage was so irksome in my sight,Yet being mine own, at length affection wouldThy blemishes amend, if so I could.I washed thy face, but more defects I saw,And rubbing off a spot, still made a flaw.I stretcht thy joints to make thee even feet,Yet still thou run'st more hobbling than is meet.In better dress to trim thee was my mind,But nought save home-spun cloth, i' th' house I find.In this array, 'mongst vulgars may'st thou roam.In critic's hands, beware thou dost not come,And take thy way where yet thou art not known.If for thy father askt, say, thou hadst none;And for thy mother, she alas is poor,Which caused her thus to send thee out of door.
Wil S. Hylton|A house with any kind of age will have dozens of stories to tell. I suppose if a novelist could live long enough, one could base an entire oeuvre on the lives that weave in and out of an antique house.
Henrik Ibsen|Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.
Abhijit Naskar|Never put a single thought of weakness in the flourishing minds of the children. Fill them up with vigour and compassion, for their character will define the future of the entire human species.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|How you can sit there, calmly eating muffins when we are in this horrible trouble, I can’t make out. You seem to me to be perfectly heartless.""Well, I can’t eat muffins in an agitated manner. The butter would probably get on my cuffs. One should always eat muffins quite calmly. It is the only way to eat them.""I say it’s perfectly heartless your eating muffins at all, under the circumstances.
Miguel Ruiz|The power of the word is completely misused in hell. We use the word to curse, to blame, to find guilt, to destroy. Of course, we also use it in the right way, but not too often. Mostly we use the word to spread our personal poison - to express anger, jealousy, envy, and hate. The word is pure magic - the most powerful gift we have as humans - and we use it against ourselves. We plan revenge. We create chaos with the word. We use the word to create hate between different races, between different people, between families, between nations. We misuse the word so often, and this misuse is how we create and perpetuate the dream of hell. Misuse of the word is how we pull each other down and keep each other in a state of fear and doubt.
Dawna Markova, I Will Not Die an Unlived Life: Reclaiming Purpose and Passion|I will not die an unlived life.I will not live in fearof falling or catching fire.I choose to inhabit my days,to allow my living to open me,to make me less afraid,more accessible;to loosen my heartuntil it becomes a wing, a torch, a promise.I choose to risk my significance,to live so that which came to me as seedgoes to the next as blossom,and that which came to me as blossom,goes on as fruit.
Aliette de Bodard, Servant of the Underworld|Before people complain of the obscurity of modern poetry, they should first examine their consciences and ask themselves with how many people and on how many occasions they have genuinely and profoundly shared some experience with another.
Andy Stanley|I think it's an actor's responsibility to change every time. Not only for himself and the people he's working with, but for the audience. If you just go out and deliver the same dish every time... it's meat loaf again... you'd get bored. I'd get bored.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|When I opened my eyes, I saw nothing but the pool of nocturnal sky, for I was lying on my back with outstretched arms, face to face with that hatchery of stars. Only half awake, still unaware that those depths were sky, having no roof between those depths and me, no branches to screen them, no root to cling to, I was seized with vertigo and felt myself as if flung forth and plunging downward like a diver. But I did not fall. From nape to heel I discovered myself bound to earth. I felt a sort of appeasement in surrendering to it my weight. Gravitation had become as sovereign as love. The earth, I felt, was supporting my back, sustaining me, lifting me up, transporting me through the immense void of night.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Your posture can have a great deal of influence on your personal presentation and image, revealing your attitude toward yourself and others.
Katherine Min, Secondhand World|It’s a secondhand world we’re born into. What is novel to us is only so because we’re newborn, and what we cannot see, that has come before- what our parents have seen and been and done- are the hand-me-downs we begin to wear as swaddling clothes, even as we ourselves are naked. The flaw runs through us, implicating us in its imperfection even as it separates us, delivers us onto opposite sides of a chasm. It is both terribly beautiful and terribly sad, but it is, finally, the fault in the universe that gives birth to us all.
Graeme Wood|Running away has been futile. Wherever I went life would be the same. Resisting my chains only seem to tighten them. Yet all around me women found ways to slip those bonds, to discreetly flout the rules and then return to their so-called captivity before anyone noticed.
Albert Einstein|Things do not need especialities to become special, just understand them as special and they will be.
Eminem|In the land of Gods and MonstersI was an AngelLiving in the garden of evilScrewed up, scared, doing anything that I neededShining like a fiery beaconYou got that medicine I needFame, Liquor, Love give it to me slowlyPut your hands on my waist, do it softlyMe and God, we don't get along so now I singNo one's gonna take my soul awayI'm living like Jim MorrisonHeaded towards a fucked up holidayMotel sprees sprees and I'm singing'Fuck yeah give it to me this is heaven, what I trulyWant'It's innocence lostInnocence lostIn the land of Gods and MonstersI was an AngelLooking to get fucked hardLike a groupie incognito posing as a real singerLife imitates artYou got that medicine I needDope, shoot it up, straight to the heart pleaseI don't really wanna know what's good for meGod's dead, I said 'baby that's alright with me'No one's gonna take my soul awayI'm living like Jim MorrisonHeaded towards a fucked up holidayMotel sprees sprees and I'm singing'Fuck yeah give it to me this is heaven, what I trulyWant'It's innocence lostInnocence lostWhen you talk it's like a movie and you're making meCrazy -Cause life imitates artIf I get a little prettier can I be your baby?You tell me, "life isn't that hard"No one's gonna take my soul awayI'm living like Jim MorrisonHeaded towards a fucked up holidayMotel sprees sprees and I'm singing'Fuck yeah give it to me this is heaven, what I trulyWant'It's innocence lostInnocence lost
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Emotions or feelings stem from your attitude and they become the basis on which you decide or act. All decisions, choices and actions have some kind of underlying emotional influence. To change the way you feel about someone or something you must first change the way you think about them.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue teaches you to listen through your emotions, not to become distracted or distanced from the truth because of them.
Paul Kearney, The Wolf in the Attic|It's all very well to say beauty is under the skin, or in the eye of the beholder, but no-one would say no to being prettier if they had the chance, so it is all rot.
Madeleine M. Kunin|I don't go to premieres. I don't go to parties. I don't covet the Oscar. I don't want any of that. I don't go out. I just have dinner at home every night with my kids. Being famous, that's a whole other career. And I haven't got any energy for it.
Rakul Preet Singh|Whatever I'm doing, I'm in that moment and I'm doing it. The rest of the world's lost. If I'm cooking some food or making soup, I want it to be lovely. If not, what's the point of doing it?
Debra Anastasia, Crushed Seraphim|Not entirely fair?" His voice became that of the inferno: a rushing, booming howl of icy evil that flew around the great cavern, as swift and cold as the Wendigo on skates. "I am Satan, also called Lucifer the Light Bearer..."Cabal winced. What was it about devils that they always had to give you their whole family history?"I was cast down from the presence of God himself into this dark, sulfurous pit and condemned to spend eternity here-""Have you tried saying sorry?" interrupted Cabal."No, I haven't! I was sent down for a sin of pride. It rather undermines my position if I say 'sorry'!
Akash lal karotia|I didn't want to be ordinary," I mumbled.My mother looked up. "What ordinary, Charley?""You know. Someone you forget."From the other room came the squeals of children. Miss Thelma turned her chin to the sound. She smiled,"That's what keeps me from being forgotten.
Oscar Wilde|In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work. It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years.
Rousas John Rushdoony, Exodus: Commentaries on the Pentateuch|Give me the lowest place: not that I dareAsk for that lowest place, but Thou hast diedThat I might live and shareThy glory by Thy side.Give me the lowest place: of if for meThat lowest place too high, make one more lowWhere I may sit and seeMy God and love Thee so.
Kevin Brockmeier, The Brief History of the Dead|It all fell away then – the control, the independence . . . everything. She had known it would never be easy to findsolitude . . . to find herself. Not in this city, where appearances were everything; where emptiness filled luxurious landscapes till there was nothing but hollow splendor…She hated the pretense.More than hatred, she was frightened of it.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|A woman wearing a half hijab sat on a dirty rag. I could see her toes through her ripped shoes. A baby cried in her arms. She opened her palm to me, saying, “We have no home. Please help me and my baby. God will bless you.” I noticed her broken teeth. My heart sank; I turned my face to the other side. My God! If I turned to every misery around me, I would be crying rivers on the street.
Sami Abouzid|My heart is tossing and turning, I can't stop thinking of you, Oh baby my heart is burning I can't stop loving you.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|You cannot buy the revolution. You cannot make the revolution. You can only be the revolution. It is in your spirit, or it is nowhere.
Kimball Lee, Speaking of the Charmed Life|If I love one lover,...I have loved many more.
Andy Warhol|A good film is when the price of the dinner, the theatre admission and the babysitter were worth it.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|We don't know where we're going, but isn't is fun to go?
Rebecca McKinsey|A mn ages hs enemy because he hates his own hate. He says to himself: I hate him not because he's my enemy, not because he hates me, but because he arouses me to hate.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|The gangs filled a void in society, and the void was the absence of family life. The gang became a family. For some of those guys in the gang that was the only family they knew, because when their mothers had them they were too busy having children for other men. Some of them never knew their daddies. Their daddies never look back after they got their mothers pregnant, and those guys just grew up and they couldn’t relate to nobody. 	When they had their problems, who could they have talked to? Nobody would listen, so they gravitated together and form a gang. George Mackey, the former representative for the historic Fox Hill community in The Bahamas.
J.K. Rowling|Still, this was on the order of a minor miracle, running across someone to whom you can express your feeling so clearly, so completely. Most people go their entire lives without meeting a person like that. It would have been mistake to label this "love". It was more like total empathy.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If we are to rise as real Sapiens, we must work towards spreading education among the masses.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|And because his narrator was characterized above all by his anxiety regarding the disconnect between his internal experience and his social self-presentation, the more intensely the author worried about distinguishing himself from the narrator, the more he felt he had become him.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|To dream the future is much more better than to regret the past.But the best of all, to live in the present life with all of your power.
Tracy Krimmer, All That Glitters|Innocent like the first dreamsA few words dropped on the paper;Contaminated they were by the surrounding air,Fame swarmed, naivety disappeared!
Cory Monteith|I've made 122 movies, and I daresay there's a picture of mine showing somewhere in the world every day.
Janet Evanovich, One for the Money|I want you alone," he whispered, gliding a hand around her hip, "on a slow boat to China. Days together, nights... rocking on the waves.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Dumbledore was on his feet again, pale as any of the surrounding Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire dancing in his eyes; his wand was raised like a torch and from its tip emanated the flames, like a vast lasso, encircling them all with warmth.
Tim Lilburn, Moosewood Sandhills|I assure you that I sleep anywhere, and always like a dormouse.
Carrie Lynn Jones (Immel)|Purpose in the sufferingA crisis-- the kind that knocks the wind out of ya, the kind that makes your blood run cold and alters your perception of all you think your reality "is." THAT kind of crisis brings us not only to our knees, but smack-dab with every question we've ever pondered on God's existence. There is purpose in the suffering. It MAKES us ask eternal questions with eternal answers. Often that's what it takes to wake us up. The suffering is actually merciful, from a God who would literally do ANYTHING to get us to run into His arms.
Robin S. Sharma, The Leader Who Had No Title: A Modern Fable on Real Success in Business and in Life|Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|My deepest impulses are optimistic, an attitude that seems to me as spiritually necessary and proper as it is intellectually suspect.
Bill Watterson, The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes: A Calvin and Hobbes Treasury|If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.
Lasky Kathryn|Evil flourishes because the good aren't good enough," see murmured. "And sometimes the good just have bad days.
Rocky Marciano|It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction.
Pat Cadigan, Angel|Not long ago, man grew a sense of conscience. He defined himself by what he is, what he thinks, and, more importantly, what he feels—failing to realize that all come from One single source. All of man’s qualities come from One divine being. And that One being has bestowed nature’s hand with the ability to balance itself. Where there is good, there is also evil. And where evil arises, so does good
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|A little arrogance (or even a lot) isn't such a bad thing, although your mother undoubtedly told you different. Mine did. "Pride goeth before a fall, Stephen", she said... and then I found out - right around the age that is 19 x 2 - that eventually you fall down, anyway.
Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton|Everyone thought the mob was done after RICO.... And they were. Then the Towers came down. Overnight, the feds shifted three-quarters of their personnel into anti-terrorism and the mob made a comeback. Shit, they even made a fortune overcharging for debris removal from Ground Zero.... 9/11 saved the mafia.
Debra Anastasia, Fire in the Hole|Duke was already sitting in the passenger seat, waiting for her. She got in and started the car. Duke busted into a Slim Jim of his own. “You hairy toad fucker. That stuff’s nasty. Your toilet must be like a nuclear reactor.” Dove turned on her windshield wipers as a light mist seemed to fracture the glass. “I’m sorry, Whore Basket. I couldn’t hear you over the noise of you crapping your pants!” Duke took another huge bite and chewed the waxy meat like gum. “This stuff is off the charts. I could eat vats of it.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|purple threaded evening. a torn goddess laying on the roof. milk sky. lavender hued moan against hot asphalt. the thickness of evening presses into your throat. polaroids taped to the ceiling. ivy pouring out of the cracks in the wall. i found my courage buried beneath molding books and forgot to lock the door behind me. the old house never forgets. opened my mouth and a dandelion fell out. reached behind my wisdom teeth and found sopping wet seeds. pulled all of my teeth out just to say i could. he drowned himself in a pill bottle and the orange really brought out his demise. lay me down on a bed of ground spices. there’s a song there, i know it. amethyst geode eyes. cracked open. no one saw it coming. october never loved you. the moon still doesn’t understand that.
M.R.C. Kasasian, The Mangle Street Murders|The poor, I am told, are kind to each other but that is because they have nothing to lose,' he said. 'The rich cannot afford to be.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Every now and then when I feel the doubt, I look inside myself and I see the way. The whole world full of possibilities. So you could be you and I could be me.
Abigail Gibbs, Dinner with a Vampire|Can you enter a house uninvited?""No.""Why?""That would be rude.
Robert Mapplethorpe|There's sometimes a weird benefit to having an alcoholic, violent father. He really motivated me in that I never wanted to be anything like him.
Pico Iyer|Each year in early spring, during the season of Lent, which begins on Ash Wednesday and concludes on Easter, a plenitude of books, magazine articles, and television shows about Jesus appear.
Lauren Hammond, Insanity|You have lost your mind,"Jamie said coldly, the shock receding slightly. "Or I should think you had, if ye had one to lose.
Elizabeth Warren|We live in a world bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we consume as a species in the year, in the form of solar energy. It's just not in usable form yet.
N. Lombardi Jr., Journey Towards a Falling Sun|God,” she butted her head into his chest, “I'm so angry with myself.”“What? Why?”“Because … this is my mess I dragged you into, and you don't deserve any of it, and I feel like I'm ruining you with every single thing I say, and…” she lifted her head, eyes shimmering, “I'm a selfish, selfish bitch. Because all I can think about, is whether I'll regret it in three hours, when we walk out of here, and I never know, not even once, what it's like to be with a really nice guy.
Steve Easterbrook|I do lead a careful diet, I don't overeat, I have fruit and vegetables every day and I drink a lot of water. And my darling wife keeps me so young it is ridiculous. Being with her is an inspiration as well.
Shilpi Somaya Gowda|Kavita’s arms are still outstretched, but they hold nothing. After the metal gate clangs shut behind them, Kavita can still hear Usha’s piercing wail echoing inside.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|It sounds like a fairy-tale, but not only that; this story of what man by his science and practical inventions has achieved on this earth, where he first appeared as a weakly member of the animal kingdom, and on which each individual of his species must ever again appear as a helpless infant... is a direct fulfilment of all, or of most, of the dearest wishes in his fairy-tales. All these possessions he has acquired through culture. Long ago he formed an ideal conception of omnipotence and omniscience which he embodied in his gods. Whatever seemed unattainable to his desires - or forbidden to him - he attributed to these gods. One may say, therefore, that these gods were the ideals of his culture. Now he has himself approached very near to realizing this ideal, he has nearly become a god himself. But only, it is true, in the way that ideals are usually realized in the general experience of humanity. Not completely; in some respects not at all, in others only by halves. Man has become a god by means of artificial limbs, so to speak, quite magnificent when equipped with all his accessory organs; but they do not grow on him and they still give him trouble at times... Future ages will produce further great advances in this realm of culture, probably inconceivable now, and will increase man's likeness to a god still more.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|Why were things funny? Was God laughing at us? Or was laughter the dispensation of God? Maybe laughter itself was Godlike. When we laugh, we rise above pain. We rise above indignity. We even rise above incredulity. We "get it." Maybe in the way God "gets it.
J. Raymond|The heart of woman is like a diamond, who need a good skilled hunter.
Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda|The state university is supported by grants from the people of the state, voted by the state legislature. In theory, the degree of support which the university receives is dependent upon the degree of acceptance accorded it by the voters. The state university prospers according to the extent to which it can sell itself to the people of the state.The state university is therefore in an unfortunate position unless its president happens to be a man of outstanding merit as a propagandist and a dramatizer of educational issues. Yet if this is the case--if the university shapes its whole policy toward gaining the support of the state legislature--its educational function may suffer. It may be tempted to base its whole appeal to the public on its public service, real or supposed, and permit the education of its individual students to take care of itself. It may attempt to educate the people of the state at the expense of its own pupils. This may generate a number of evils, to the extent of making the university a political instrument, a mere tool of the political group in power.
Mo Yan|For as long as this nation has known war, we have embraced the heroes it has produced. Americans have rightfully noted the honor and nobility of courage under hostile fire and thanked those who perished in their defense.
Dada Bhagwan|Wherever there is ownership, there is upadhi (externally induced problems).
Israelmore Ayivor|God provides something to you through somebody. Thats same God can give something to somebody through you. If you make yourself a greedy traffic on the way and deprive the final destined owner of what you supposed to keep provisionally, you make God upset.
George Grant, The Family Under Siege: What The New Social Engineers Have In Mind For You And Your Children|Perhaps the most distinctive aspect of our age is the subsiding of all other concerns to the predominance of politics. And thus, we have succumbed to a Lyndon Johnson-like dependence upon the power of the state.The tragic result has been that all of life has been politicized, and if the new social engineers have their way, politics will increase in power - especially in its power to penetrate into our everyday lives and rule our destinies. For in fact politics has become, for many of the political elite, a kind of state religion.
Jon Ronson, So You've Been Publicly Shamed|Shame internalized can lead to agony. Whereas shame let out can lead to freedom, or at least a funny story, which is a sort of freedom too.
Denis Diderot|Remember the sufferings of Christ, the storms that were weathered... the crown that came from those sufferings which gave new radiance to the faith... All saints give testimony to the truth that without real effort, no one ever wins the crown.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nothing could be more wrong than the old cliché that says any religion will do just as long as one is sincere. In no other area of life is there so much error, deception, and charlatanism as in religion.
Emily Acker, No Longer Broken|As long as you're still alive, you always have the chance to start again.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|We all need that someone in our life who's going to motivate us and not stress us, and then we need to treat him the same way we want to be treaded, and no lies, we say what we mean and mean what we say. and always try to build together not destroy each other, if the outcome isn't what you expected, at least you can say you tried., but also remember that pressure makes diamonds people. not everything will be easy between you and me and him and her and them. its all give and take.. reward and sacrifice. try to love those who love you, not just the ones who are easiest to love, try to help those who need you, may you will need the help someday. try to forgive those who hurt you, may you hurted someone once upon a time and try to forget those who leave you, may god knew that they aren't good for you. one of my main goals on the planet is to encourage people to empower themselves like what im trying now, i try to makes you positive, to make a positive change in your life, it will never happen unless me or you or him or her make it happen. they said "be the change you want to see in the world" im like that and i would like everyone to be like me.
C.L. Wilson, Queen of Song and Souls|There is no Success or Failure in "LOVE", by itself is a Victory !!
Michelle Templet|Where did I get it from? Was it by reason that I attained to the knowledge that I must love my neighbour and not throttle him? They told me so when I was a child, and I gladly believed it, because they told me what was already in my soul. But who discovered it? Not reason! Reason has discovered the struggle for existence and the law that I must throttle all those who hinder the satisfaction of my desires. That is the deduction reason makes. But the law of loving others could not be discovered by reason, because it is unreasonable.
Bertrand Russell|It is evident as a matter of logic that, since they (world religions) disagree, not more than one of them can be true.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Art & the Bible|A Christian should use these arts to the glory of God, not just as tracts, mind you, but as things of beauty to the praise of God. An art work can be a doxology in itself.
April Mae Monterrosa|With my sometimes blunt indecent vocabulary & very vivid imagination, I wonder if I should be writing "other" kinds of content.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Truth is timeless. Truth does not differ from one age to another, from one people to another, from one geographical location to another . . . the great all-prevailing Truth stands for time and eternity.
Ray Bradbury, A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories|I’m the thing you most desire, you represent the thing I least desire, death. It’s just the opposite of love.
Neel Burton, Plato: Letters to my Son|It is a fact that if an impulse from one or the other sphere comes up and is not lived out, then it goes back down and tends to develop anti-human qualities. What should have been a human impulse becomes a tiger-like impulse. For instance, a man has a feeling impulse to say something positive to someone and he blocks it off through some inhibition. He might then dream that he had a spontaneous feeling impulse on the level of a child and his conscious purpose had smashed it. The human is still there, but as a hurt child. Should he do that habitually for five years, he would no longer dream of a child who had been hurt but of a zoo full of raging wild animals in a cage. An impulse which is driven back loads up with energy and becomes inhuman. This fact, according to Dr. Jung, demonstrates the independent existence of unconscious.
Neal A. Maxwell|What we insistently desire, over time, is what we become.
Peter Steele|Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.
Billy Connolly|The desire to be a politician should bar you for life from ever becoming one.”"Don't vote. It just encourages them....
Sophie Kinsella, I've Got Your Number|We're playing Scrabble. It's a nightmare.""Scrabble?" He sounds surprised. "Scrabble's great.""Not when you're playing with a family of geniuses, it's not. They all put words like 'iridiums'. And I put 'pig'.
Dorothy Height|All respect for the office of the presidency aside, I assumed that the obvious and unadulterated decline of freedom and constitutional sovereignty, not to mention the efforts to curb the power of judicial review, spoke for itself.
Kathe Koja, Kissing the Bee|I knew that change was coming, the way you know things you can't see, by feeling them; by instinct. The way the bees know everything they know.
Steven J. Lawson|Run, John, and work, the law commands,Yet give me neither feet nor hand.Much better new the Gospel brings:It bids me fly and gives me winds.
Thomas Dubay|No! I am not Prince Hamlet, nor was meant to be; Am an attendant lord, one that will do To swell a progress, start a scene or two, Advise the prince; no doubt, an easy tool, Deferential, glad to be of use, Politic, cautious, and meticulous; Full of high sentence, but a bit obtuse; At times, indeed, almost ridiculous— Almost, at times, the Fool.
Susanna Kaysen|The debate was wearing me out. Once you've posed that question, it won't go away. I think many people kill themselves simply to stop the debate about whether they will or they won't. Anything I thought or did was immediately drawn into the debate. Made a stupid remark—why not kill myself? Missed the bus—better put an end to it all. Even the good got in there. I liked that movie—maybe I shouldn’t kill myself.
Christian D. Larson|I'd stop the world from spinning for you."That silly line oddly touched me. "I love you.""Liked that one, did you.
Lazarus Takawira, The Public Servant|Leading by example through "Servant Leadership" used to be a badge of honor that distinguished you from the Corps of the Blue Falcon. Present day I see the ranks of the Blue Falcon surging in a flagless flotilla of blurred morals, a low tide of integrity, and selfish ethics adrift with no anchorage. The pulse of the led is directly influenced by the organizational heart rate of the leader.
Melissa Pearl, Betwixt|Vampires, fairies, and werewolves. Oh my!
M.A. George, Relativity|A teasing smirk flitted across his face, as he completed his thought, “I’ll try not to take it too hard if I fail miserably, because you can be the world’s greatest skeptic…”“Nah…” I coughed out a little chuckle, “not when you’re involved. I’m your number one fan…You couldn’t shake me if you tried.” I gave him a playful wink, adding musingly, “Though I might stop short of hanging out in the bushes with binoculars…”“Well, then,” he grinned, “clearly you’re not my number one fan.
John Paul Jones|As a man, if you're married, your happiness is with her happiness. If she's unhappy, everything's messed up. It's a woman's world for sure.
Henry Beston, Northern Farm|I muse again on the dogmatic assertion which I often make that the countryman's relation to Nature must never be anything else but an alliance... When we begin to consider Nature as something to be robbed greedily like an unguarded treasure, or used as an enemy, we put ourselves in thought outside of Nature, of which we are inescapably a part.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|Do not settle; open up yourself by surrendering to creating your own kind of success ALL THE WAY! Whether you have superior or less-than-average skills, you will cultivate your success story through determination and consistency.
Kim Edwards|If one more 'journalist' makes a cavalier statement about me and my band, I will personally or with my fans' help, greet them at their home and discover just how much they believe in their freedom of speech.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Her eyes met his, but she looked quickly away; entangling gazes with Will was confusing at best, dizzying at worst.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invision|Something wonderful has happened to me. I was carried up into the seventh heaven. There all the gods sat assembled. By special grace I was granted the favor of a wish. "Will you," said Mercury, "have youth, or beauty, or power, or a long life, or the most beautiful maiden, or any of the other glories we have in the chest? Choose, but only one thing." For a moment I was at a loss. Then I addressed myself to the gods as follows: "Most honorable contemporaries, I choose this one thing, that I may always have the laugh on my side." Not one of the gods said a word, on the contrary, they all began to laugh. Hence, I concluded that my request was granted, and found that the gods knew how to express themselves with great taste; for it would hardly have been suitable for them to answer gravely: "It is granted thee.
Jared Matthew Kessler|There are times that people can be so blinded by what they want IT to be, that whatever reality they perceieve it SHOULD be, they lose.
Jonathan Swift|It's hard to get fired from the government. You have to, like, kill people.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|My nun, which is how I think of her, was the most profound witness for God's love I've ever encountered in this world. She was a magnet for lost souls, a petite fortress of strength and unconditional love. What this sprightly, silly, lovely woman did from the obscurity of a faded convent in Rust Belt Chicago was to fulfill in a passionate, tireless way the supreme commandment of Jesus' gospel every day of her life.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|The poetic impulse is distinct from ideas about things or feelings about things, though it may use these. It's more like a desire to separate a piece of one's experience & set it up on its own, an isolated object never to trouble you again, at least not for a bit. In the absence of this impulse nothing stirs.
Yoko Ono|I’m a witch. It’s what we do. When it’s nobody else’s business, it’s my business.
Anna Gavalda|You're beautful. Yes you are, you're very very beautiful. Extremely beautiful.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Whenever we have opportunity to serve, we must serve with all our heart.
Dallin H. Oaks|Whatever story you create in your life, you deserve your own “Karma” be it good or bad…. - Cocoy McCoy -
Cole Harmonson, Pre Middle Age: 40 Lessons in Growing the Hell Up|i have only one way to blow the steam off, i make money, you spend money thats funny,now i'm smilling like thats honey:)
Michael Phelps|My mother was a single mom, and most of the women I know are strong.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|To me she said, "It's this stupid gotcha thing, they've been doing it for weeks now. Leaping out at each other and us, scaring the hell out of everyone.""It's a game of wits," Bert said to me."Half-wits," Kristy added.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|The whole journey of renunciation, or starting to say yes to life, is first of all realizing that you've come up against your edge, that everything in you is saying no, and then at that point, softening. This is yet another opportunity to develop loving-kindness of yourself, which results in playfulness--learning to play like a raven in the wind.
Adhish Mazumder|If you were to love, love not for the lust that you yearn but the rather the pain that you earn with it. Remember though that the ones who brave the pain are eternally bound in Cupid's chain. It is these chains that many of us fear. The fear of losing the freedom of choosing for self. The fear of placing the needs of our better halves before our own. The fear is understandable for history has taught us to despise and the society has given us the chance to entice. However, if you were to pause and think ever about - love - then do remember that the chain which upon acceptance binds you in amour is the same which upon rejection arrests us to an ague called lonesome depression. Few survive in love, but fewer without it.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society|What we ask is to be human individuals, however peculiar and unexpected. It is no good saying: "You are a little girl and therefore you ought to like dolls"; if the answer is, "But I don't," there is no more to be said.
Tim Hiller, Strive: Life is Short, Pursue What Matters|We could never agree about Boogie and I didn't share Miriam's reverence for professors. In fact, just in case I haven't mentioned it before, the pride of my office wall is my framed high-school graduation certificate, lit from above. Miriam has reproached me for it. "Take it down, darling," she once pleaded. But it still hangs there.
Marina and the Diamonds|I loved cowboy films and TV series, and I learned bits of English from them. My favorite was 'Laramie', with Robert Fuller and John Smith. I used to watch 'The Lone Ranger', which had been famous in Japan as well. I idolized these cowboys.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Seeking knowledge is mandatory for every human being, as the quest for truth is the true purpose of living. We are given an entire lifetime to collect and assemble truths. Truths are acquired only when we learn to filter all information, including those valuable lessons and insights gained from our own personal experiences, through our conscience. And as we near death, the knowledge in our hearts at the end must match the knowledge which was put in our hearts in the very beginning. All else is irrelevant.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|Be your own lamp, seek no other refuge but yourself, Let truth be your light." ~Buddha
John Grisham, A Time to Kill|Okay, let’s pretend to be friends. Just two friends having dinner.” “That doesn’t work in the South. A male friend cannot have dinner with a female friend if the male friend has a wife. It just doesn’t work down here.” “Why not?” “Because men don’t have female friends. No way. I don’t know of a single man in the entire South who is married and has a female friend. I think it goes back to the Civil War.” “I think it goes back to the Dark Ages. Why are Southern women so jealous?” “Because that’s the way we’ve trained them. They learned from us. If my wife met a male friend for lunch or dinner, I’d tear his head off and file for divorce. She learned it from me.” “That makes absolutely no sense.” “Of course it doesn’t.” “Your wife has no male friends?” “None that I know of. If you learn of any, let me know.” “And you have no female friends?” “Why would I want female friends? They can’t talk about football, or duck hunting, or politics, or lawsuits, or anything that I want to talk about. They talk about kids, clothes, recipes, coupons, furniture, stuff I know nothing about. No, I don’t have any female friends. Don’t want any.” “That’s what I love about the South. The people are so tolerant.” “Thank you.
Stella Young|One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
John Leonard, Reading for My Life: Writings, 1958-2008|popular culture is where we go to talk to and agree with one another; to simplify ourselves; to find our herd. It’s like going to the Automat to buy an emotion. The thrills are cheap and the payoffs predictable and, after a while, the repetition is a bummer. Whereas books are where we go alone to complicate ourselves. Inside this solitude, we take on contours, textures, perspectives. Heightened language levitates the reader. Great art transfigures. And when we go back to it, it’s full of even more surprises. We get older; it gets smarter.
Joseph Addison|He is wretched indeed, who goes up and down in the world, without a God to take care of him, to be his guide and protector, and to bless him in his affairs [. . .] That unconverted men are without God shows that they are liable to all manner of evil [. . .] liable to the power of the devil, to the power of all manner of temptation [. . .] to be deceived and seduced into erroneous opinions [. . .] to embrace damnable doctrines [. . .] to be given up of God to judicial hardness of heart [. . .] to commit all manner of sin, and even the unpardonable sin itself. They cannot be sure they shall not commit that sin. They are liable to build up a false hope of heaven, and so to go hoping to hell [. . .] to die senseless and stupid, as many have died [. . .] to die in such a case as Saul and Judas did, fearless of hell. They have no security from it. They are liable to all manner of mischief, since they are without God. They cannot tell what shall befall them, nor when they are secure from anything. They are not safe one moment. Ten thousand fatal mischiefs may befall them, that may make them miserable forever. They, who have God for their God, are safe from all such evils. It is not possible that they should befall them. God is their covenant God, and they have his faithful promise to be their refuge.
Kristin Martz|We lose ourselves in things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Soman Chainani, The School for Good and Evil|The kitchen door, painted red from the day Naomi moved in, and a geranium, also red, outside on the stoop, gave the whole area a feeling of whimsy.
Linda McCartney|I am haunted by what my life would have been had I not had the courage in my early twenties to leave Pittsburgh for New York City and really commit to being a writer. Pittsburgh is both post-industrial and provincial, and the opportunities there are limited. It would have been quite easy to simply drift through life.
Richard P. Feynman|The day, water, sun, moon, night - I do not have to purchase these things with money.
Patrick Henry|I'm very, very concerned about the Bush presidency. I'm worried about the kinds of cuts in domestic programs that mean something to a lot of people, including members of my family, who depend on certain things from the government.
C. JoyBell C.|Faith belongs to the human spirit. Faith is faith. Humanity is divided by religion, religion is the divider of humanity. If every human could be removed of their blindfolds and see that faith is in itself faith and that this is something which belongs to each and every human being, then at that time the dividers of religion will suddenly mean nothing and we will all see that we are united by faith in and of itself. There is only one faith and it is called faith. And no man needs to prove to another man that what he believes in exists, because even if it does not exist, his faith is his belief that it is there, that something is there, and that in itself is faith. So I do not need to prove to any man that what I believe in exists or not, there is no such contest between man, my faith breathes in the body of my belief; the fact that I believe is the breath of my faith.
Swami Dhyan Giten|God is not a person, God is the underlying consciousness in Existence.
M.F. Moonzajer|I love the words, because they love me too.
J.L. Merrow, Muscling Through|All knots that lovers tieAre tied to sever.Here shall your sweetheart lie,Untrue for ever.
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|With simplification we can bring an infusion of inspiration to our daily lives; set a tone that honors our families' needs before the world's demands. Allow our hopes for our children to outweigh our fears. Realign our lives with our dreams for our family, and our hopes for what childhood could and should be.
P. T. Barnum|Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|Y'know, there's a very interesting state of Anarchy up there. Everything's cracking up. That lot of tycoons; they don't believe in anything. They remind me of the white people in Central Africa. They used to say, 'Well, of course the blacks will drive us into the sea in fifty years time'. They used to say it cheerfully. In other words, 'We know that what we're doing is wrong.
Diane Mariechild|She is a wild, tangled forest with temples and treasures concealed within.
Mark F. LaMoure|You benefit at a different time, from when you planted seeds for success. Learn patience. But be persistent. It’s important for success. Use perseverance and dedicate yourself to your top goals.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|There are countries of the world, and regions of one's own mind, where it is unwise to travel.
Kristen Ashley, Creed|I want you here. I want you in my home, my bed, my life,” he murmured, the smooth out of his voice, it was low and so rough with sex and emotion, it was abrasive, scoring through me.“Baby –”“I want your clothes in my closet. I wanna hear your voice in my house when you’re talkin’ on the phone. I want you sittin’ beside me when we’re watchin’ TV. I want shit you like in my fridge. I want “your razors in my shower. I want my roof over your head. Your car in my garage. I want to give you what I should have been giving you for sixteen years. As good as you deserve. A showplace. A place where I can make you happy.”God. He was killing me.“Creed, let me –”He didn’t let me finish. He pressed on, driving in, our bodies jolting with his thrusts, his voice harsh in my ear.“Give me that, Sylvie. Give me that and, swear to God, I’ll give you everything.”“I –”His head came up, his cock drove deep and stayed planted and his eyes burned into mine.“All I’ll ask. All I’ll ever ask. You give me that and you got a lifetime of nothin’ but take.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must be able to love other people or forever endure the stain of disgraceful loneliness. By recognizing and expressing empathy for other people, we come to accept our own fallibility.
|Never gamble with your life because there is no wealth without life, but where there is life, there is always hope for wealth.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|She holds you like a whore in the night, but she'll take your soul and not think twice.
Mahnaz Afkhami, Leading To Choices: A Leadership Training Handbook For Women|There is no doubt that 'force multipliers' - squad automatic weapons - have changed the character of warfare once again, just as their predecessors did during the First World War, if perhaps not to quite the same degree. In the immediate future it seems that most armies will be using some form of 5.56mm machine-gun at squad level, be it a box-fed LSW or belt-fed SAW. If there is a cloud on the horizon where modern light machine-guns are concerned it is that they are not powerful enough for long-range work, or for penetrating cover and light armour. Nevertheless, the new generation of light machine-guns will remain in use well into the next century, not least because they are popular with the soldiers who operate them, the machine-gunners. Likewise, there will still be a place for the heavier GPMG, which does have the 'punch' that the LSW lacks.Machine-guns themselves have become lighter, and their operating principles both more secure and more efficient; the ammunition they use has shrunk to a quarter of its original size and become almost 100 percent reliable. The one important thing which has not changed dramatically is the human component; the attitude with which man faces the prospect of death in battle, and how he prepares himself to face that possibility quite deliberately, for it was the original invention of the machine-gun which reformed that. More than any other single 'advance' in weapons technology, the machine-gun allowed an individual (or actually, a small team of men) to dominate a sector of the battlefield. They had an inhuman advantage which simply had to be exploited if they were to be on the winning side, whether their opponents were Zulus, Sioux, or Dervishes, or other industrialized nations to be beaten into last place in the race toward economic supremacy. Whether the machine-gun has been as important, in any sense at all of the word, as it near-contemporary, the internal combustion engine - or even, date one say it, the bicycle or sewing machine - is still to be decided, but there is one clear, irrefutable fact connected with its short history: it has killed tens of millions of men, women and children and blighted the lives of tens of millions more.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Justus tried to make an objective assessment of Miguel. What was the big deal with him, anyway? So he was easy on the eyes. Actually that was an understatement; he was for female eyes, a virtual feast. He was a perfect physical specimen, and very sensual. He seemed to positively ooze sex and eroticism with his every move, look, and touch. Justus turned her head toward him to steal a glance at his profile, but he caught her looking at him.His eyes were so arresting, they were a dark, fierce green, like beautiful shining emeralds. She also noticed flecks of gold laced through them, reminiscent of cat’s eyes. Not any ordinary house cat, these were the eyes of a wild predator.He was a panther; with his black hair and green eyes and the way he moved, so gracefully, yet with definite strength and agility. She sighed to herself, so much for her objectivity.
David H. Freedman, Wrong: Why Experts Keep Failing Us and How to Know When Not to Trust Them|Okay... there isn't problem...! - I will accept what u say I will agree with u say, because I don't want trouble but remember you going in direction wrong.
Laura Nowlin, If He Had Been with Me|Reading that pleases and profits, that together delights and instructs, has all that one should desire.
Patricia Robin Woodruff|The beauty that lies hidden, makes my soul tremble with awe.
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|Capital is an abstract parasite, an insatiable vampire and zombie maker; but the living flesh it converts into dead labor is ours, and the zombies it makes are us.
Julia Child|When I feel stressed, I turn to food for comfort, but I don't like to diet and I'm not good at it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I can’t help but think,’ Park would say during taekwando. ‘I can’t turn off my brain.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|I am old enough to know that time passing is just a trick, a convenience. Everything is always there, still unfolding, still happening. The past, the present, and the future, in the noggin eternally, like brushes, combs and ribbons in a handbag.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Dream without fear, love without limits, and let your life sing its song.
Rachel Vincent, Stray|You bitch!"Why is it that whenever I draw blood, I'm a bitch?
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|In the dim, wavering light, a page hung open and it was like a snowy feather, the words delicately painted thereon. In all the rush and fervor, Montag had only an instant to read a line, but it blazed in his mind for the next minute as if stamped there with fiery steel.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|One did not turn down an invitation from Saint Cloud. At least, one didn't if one wanted to continue living contentedly in Paris. Vampires took offense so easily - and Parisian vampires were the worst of all.
Michael H. Hart, The 100: A Ranking of the Most Influential Persons in History|My choice of Muhammad to lead the list of the world's most influential persons may surprise some readers and may be questioned by others, but he was the only man in history who was supremely successful on both the religious and secular level.
K.A. Hill, The Winners' Guide|I would give away all this superstellar life, all the ranks and honours, simply to be transformed into the soul of a merchant’s wife weighing eighteen stone and set candles at God’s shrine
Julie Klassen|You are free to go, Father," she whispered. "We are all of us free." Olivia finally understood what Mr Tugwell had tried to tell her. This was how it was for every fallen crteature. Christ bore the penalty we each deserve, to purchase our freedom.
Carlos Wallace|There's "good" in all things. You just have to find it.
Rachel Caine, Lord of Misrule|In this whole screwed-up town, you're the only thing that's always been right to me," he whispered. "I love you, Claire." She saw something that might have been just a flash of panic go across his expression, but then he steadied again. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I do. I love you.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|There is nothing novel or comedic or righteous about men using the threat of sexual violence to control non-compliant women. This is how society has always functioned. Stay indoors, women. Stay safe. Stay quiet. Stay in the kitchen. Stay pregnant. Stay our of the world. IF you want to talk about silencing, censorship, placing limits and consequences on speech, this is what it looks like.
Os Guinness|Flexible working is not just for women with children. It is necessary at the other end of the scale. If people can move into part-time work, instead of retirement, then that will be a huge help. If people can fit their work around caring responsibilities for the elderly, the disabled, then again that's very positive.
Enya|I made numerous attempts to find a way to do it all, to be a creative singer, songwriter, producer, and to be the mother, daughter, sister, lover, wife. And the thing about music is, with me, that she's a harsh mistress. She does not come to me in the midst of stress.
Shilpa Sandesh|It is of vital importance to [Mandela] to be courteous and grateful at all times, as we never know whether we will have the opportunity to thank people or pay respect whenever they have been good to you.
Solomon Short|When there is in nature no fixed condition, how much less must there be in the life of a people, beings endowed with mobility and movement!
Madeleine L'Engle, Miracle on 10th Street and Other Christmas Writings|Unlike what you may be told in other sectors of life, when observing the universe, size does matter, which often leads to polite ‘telescope envy’ at gatherings of amateur astronomers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The greatest privileges:You are saved.You are a child of Most High God.You are co-heirs with Christ.You share in Christ suffering, life adversities.You share in Christ glory, strength of will and survival of life's difficulties.
Destin Bays|Right now I'll just be happy if you let me know what would you like to have in breakfast ." She swiftly moved from the platform to the fridge and took some bell peppers out of it. I spotted a bowl of boiled noodles. Perhaps, I would be fine with some change in my menu."some noodles will just be fine,a glass of orange juice." I put my glass in the sink and stepped back to have a better view of her amazing body. "and a bed full of you." I added. Oops, I think that was pretty shameless.-Abstruse.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|She believes that everyone we meet influences us, that we need to hear their stories to learn more about ourselves.
Quinn Loftis, Just One Drop|If..." Decebel had to clear his throat before he could continue. "If she dies, you will have to kill me."Vasile nodded once, then added, "She will not die."Decebel closed his eyes. "How can you be so sure?"Vasile chuckled lightly. "No one as fierce as Jennifer Adams will go quietly into the night.
Donella Meadows|Black Lives Matter is the ultimate divisive movement. They aren't shy about what they don't like, which is western civilization, capitalism, and the rule of law. They really dislike the police, and certainly get the credit for the war between black men and police.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|You can approach the act of writing with nervousness, excitement, hopefulness, or despair ... Come to it any way but lightly.
Magda Alexander, Storm Redemption|Come back to me, to my bed. Where we can make love. Every single night. For as long as we both shall live. That’s the vow you made. Remember? Well, it’s time to prove you meant it. Come back and stay. Forever. That’s my offer. Take it or leave it.
Gerald Corey, Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy|With older people, it's quite different. They're reliable, they show you what to do, and there's solidity in their affection.
Kay Botha, Hush|He put his arms around me. We were both feeling miserable. How were we to know we were happy, even then? Because we at least had that: arms, around.
Brian M. Boyce, Genesis Beginning|For when you look at the ceiling, or down at the floor, when the trouble's before you, you're begging for more.
Auliq Ice|With a savage grin, he let out an inhuman roar of bloodlust and threw himself into an unholy orgy of blood, fangs, claws, and death.
Sven Birkerts, The Gutenberg Elegies: The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age|Everything in contemporary society discourages interiority. More and more of our exchanges take place via circuits, and in their very nature those interactions are such as to keep us hovering in the virtual now, a place away from ourselves.
Sonakshi Sinha|Because I take care of my body, it doesn't look like the body of a woman of my years.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|If you love no one, no one can hurt you,” she whispered.
Tim Ballard (Operation Underground Railroad)|Not because of you. You were perfect. Are perfect. You’re considerate, moral, brave. But you reminded me…”He couldn’t finish.I swallowed through a dry throat. “Of her.”“No.” He blinked. “Of me. Who I used to be. Somebody who would stick up for his friends, even if it was risky. Somebody who put other people first. Somebody who…” He let out a helpless laugh. “Somebody who screwed up a lot.
Aaron McGruder, The Boondocks: Because I Know You Don't Read the Newspaper|God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.
Breena Clarke, River, Cross My Heart|It must be murder to be an aging beauty, a former Tadzio, to see your future as an ignored spectator rushing up to meet you like the hard pavement. What a small sip of gall to be able to time with each passing year the ever-shorter interval in which someone's eyes focus upon you. And then shift away.
Umberto Eco, The Island of the Day Before|Thus we have on stage two men, each of whom knows nothing of what he believes the other knows, and to deceive each other reciprocally both speak in allusions, each of the two hoping (in vain) that the other holds the key to his puzzle.
Brene Brown|An example I often use to illustrate the reality of vanity, is this: look at the peacock; it's beautiful if you look at it from the front. But if you look at it from behind, you discover the truth... Whoever gives in to such self-absorbed vanity has huge misery hiding inside them.
April Mae Monterrosa|When it comes to love and loss, acceptance is never easy. We can't make someone see all we have to give, make them love us, or make them change. All we can do is move on and stop wasting time.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|I used to wait for a sign, she said, before I did anything. Then one night I had a dream & an angel in black tights came to me & said, you can start any time now, & then I asked is this a sign? & the angel started laughing & I woke up. Now, I think the whole world is filled with signs, but if there's no laughter, I know they're not for me.
William Hurrell Mallock, In an Enchanted Island Or A Winter's Retreat In Cyprus|Literature, I have always thought, is in most places and companies a singularly dull and uninteresting thing to talk about, but one may, as a rule, hate literary conversation, and yet at the right moment, with all its powers of feeling, the mind in silence may feel what it owes to literature.
Christian D. Larson|Do not turn the power of your mind upon others, but turn it upon yourself in such a way that it will make you stronger, more positive, more capable, and more efficient, and as you develop in this manner, success must come of itself. There is only one way by which you can influence others legitimately, and that is through the giving of instruction, but in that case, there is no desire to influence. You desire simply to impart knowledge and information, and you exercise a most desirable influence without desiring to do so.
Stan Tatkin, Wired for Love: How Understanding Your Partner's Brain and Attachment Style Can Help You Defuse Conflict and Build a Secure Relationship|Fears and expectations that date back to earlier experiences of dependency, but that didn't arise during courtship or dating, are activated as commitment to the relationship increases. As a result, partners start to anticipate the worst, not the best from their relationship.
Katie Reus, Retribution|No touching? Screw that. She was going to touch tall, dark and sexy all over. This was her dream.
Christian Kiefer, The Infinite Tides|I know you haven't burned down any buildings in a while," she said, "but if you start feeling the need...
Mohammed Sekouty|Friendship is not just about having fun, it’s about supporting each other in time of weakness.
Kabelo Mabona|If you are always right, something is not right of you. If you always want to be right, still something is wrong with you. Wisdom and knowledge, growth and maturity, prosperity and success - these things don't always come from the right things, in fact, they never come in the right things but always at the right time. Never refuse to grow, learn and mature, its your time and its the right time.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|Writing and achieving your goals is not failure, not having a goal to write in the first place is the start of failure.
Alanna Mitchell, Malignant Metaphor: Confronting Cancer Myths|They are very good odds. And I know that my scientific brain believes them, if not my panic-ridden, maternal one. Those odds should have made a difference to my reaction. I should have been able to take the diagnosis calmly, intelligently, reflectively. But that would be to assign rationality to this phenomenon. The trouble with abject fear - with searing, lurid metaphor - is that it is not rational. And the myths that spring out of fear that deep are certainly not. They are the stuff of nightmares. They are tenacious.
Lucian Bane, The Waking|The Fool in the Tarot deck frequently depicted a boy with a dog at his heels, staring at the sky while he walked blithely off a cliff, burdened only by a bundle on a stick. The diabolist had admitted a relationship to the card.No single detail was quite right, but much as something might appear similar if one were to unfocus their vision…The young diabolist walked with the sparrow at his shoulder, eyes on the windows without looking through the windows, walking forward as if he were afraid to stop. His burden here was the gas containers.No, he was burdened not just by the gas containers, but by some notion of responsibility.A man, when facing death, aspires to finish what he started.What had the custodian of the Thorburn estate started? What drove him?She knew he sought to do good and to vanquish evil, and she could surmise that both good acts and the existence of evil had touched him deeply.The Fool card was akin to the ace. Depending on the game being played, it was often the lowest card or the highest. Valueless or highly valued. Powerless or powerful.It all depended on context. He sought to kill the demon, and he would either catastrophically fail or succeed.This Fool sought to slay the metaphorical dragon. He felt his own mortality, which was quite possibly her fault, in part, and now he rushed to finish the task he’d set for himself. To better the world.The Fool was wrought with air – the clouds he gazed at, the void beyond the cliff, the feather in his cap, even the dog could often be found mid-step, bounding, just above the ground.He was a Fool wrought with a different element. The familiar didn’t quite fit for the departure from the air, but the traditional dog didn’t conjure ideas of air right off the bat either.What was he wrought with? That was another question that begged an answer.
John Burdett|You've got to invest in the world, you've got to read, you've got to go to art galleries, you've got to find out the names of plants. You've got to start to love the world and know about the whole genius of the human race. We're amazing people.
Theodore Roosevelt|Although not a very old man, I have yet lived a great deal in my life, and I have known sorrow too bitter and joy too keen to allow me to become either cast down or elated for more than a very brief period over any success or defeat.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|We obtained literature by our own efforts, it is a product of our own life, and that is why we love it so much and hold it so dear, why we pin our hopes on it.
Keith Harmon|The cry has been that when war is declared, all opposition should be hushed. A sentiment more unworthy of a free country could hardly be propagated.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty|Visible and mobile, my body is a thing among things; it's caught in the fabric of the world, and its cohesion is that of a thing. But, because it moves itself and sees, it holds things in a circle around itself.
Jenny Slate|Today, it's about gender equality, not neutrality. Anyone who doesn't agree would be a bit of an idiot.
hlbalcomb|You want it to be easy? But if it was easy, everyone Would be doing it.. And if everyone is doing it? Why do you want to be the same... Trust that the struggle you face Is your path to success & remember If it's easy, it's not worth it.
Daniel J. Siegel, Mindsight: The New Science of Personal Transformation|First of all I express sincerity. There's also that sense of humor, by which people sometimes learn to laugh about themselves. I mean, the situation is so serious that the people could go crazy because of it. They need to smile and realize how ridiculous everything is. A race without a sense of humor is in bad shape. A race needs clowns. In earlier days people knew that. Kings always had a court jester around. In that way he was always reminded how ridiculous things are. I believe that nations too should have jesters, in the congress, near the president, everywhere.....You could call me the jester of the Creator. The whole world, all the disease and misery, it's all ridiculous.
Caliente|Marvelous! Very exciting. I thoroughly enjoyed the story and I can't wait to read more." (About the book Dominique Ick Lessont and the Dragon Knight)
Paul Bamikole|Curiosity is the offspring of mystery. For without mystery there be no need for curiosity. Curiosity is the search for the things that can be, it is the inspiration of the true adventurer.
Bernard Beckett, Genesis|Which came first, the mind or the idea of the mind? Have you never wondered? They arrived together. The mind is an idea.
wnq writers|‪‎This‬ letter, is what I needed to read today.Let's share ‪‎Hope‬.We trust you.“Dear Future Me, I hope that today you are the person you always set out to be. I hope you accomplished everything that they said you could never do. How many lives do you change in a day? Do you speak out for what is right, or sit there regretting your silence? I hope you are what I’m not. I hope you speak out with such a voice that everyone around you can hear it even when you aren’t speaking. I want you to have power in the way you speak- giving light into someone’s world filled with darkness. I hope you live as if you are the only one capable of making a difference, and embracing that ability in the best way possible. You don’t need to have your name written in the text of a history book, but you need to live to make your words give life to the ones who thought they didn’t deserve one.When you read this letter, I hope you are somewhere where all of you previous goals can be made accomplishments. I hope you still remember your past, and pass on your story to those who need to hear it most- to show them that they are not alone. I hope you achieved that brighter, happier life you used to daydream about when you were younger. I hope all of your dreams became your reality, and I hope that eventually your nightmares dissolved into the depths of your past- never haunting you again. I hope that you one day took off the mask that hid the truth. That you broke down the barriers you built, and learned to trust someone- really trust them- somewhere along your journey. I hope that you look in the mirror with a small, true smile and be proud of what you see. I hope that you learned to break through the surface of the water drowning you- anxiety. I hope that you now see the world from a whole new perspective, and learned to enjoy the sun more than the rain.. Most of all, I hope you learned to speak. To speak in such a voice that must be heard; a voice that embroiders your words onto a heart that needed them most. I hope you are happy, and teach ones who are like the old you to be happy as well. I hope that today you are the person you always set out to be.Sincerely,Your Past
Demi Lovato|If you're spending your entire early 20s chasing the next party,what are you running away from?
Lauren Conrad|When I first moved to Vail, it was like I was a little celebrity. You know, everyone knew my accomplishments. I was a young, fast teenager and making waves in the ski world. And it was really cool.
Shakira|My son was five months old, and I built a makeshift studio in my living room so that I could do the attachment parenting approach and write the record at the same time. That was fortuitous, that we could build that in the house.
Katherine Kelly|So many people say you have to remember to grab hold of your bride or groom and spend time with them. I think if we had done a traditional wedding, we would have been doing it for everyone else, but this was about the two of us.
Bill Nye|The fact that mammalian crying serves as a cue for maternal support, rather than as a dinner bell, is a major evolutionary difference.
C. JoyBell C.|If my friend asks me to sit in a temple belonging to a God that I do not know, because he needs a friend to sit with him, I will be happy to sit there in the foreign temple. Because the temple itself is an outer container only. What is the true religion? What is the inner oil contained by that outer container? The inner oil is the friendship I share with my friend. The true religion is being there to sit beside my friend. If I cannot do this for my friend, then how am I worthy to sit in any temple, whether belonging to a God that I know or to a God that I don't know? If there is no inner oil within my soul, I do not deserve to sit in any temple. Religion is the friendship within the heart, not the place where we sit on a holy day. Religion is the oil within the lamp, not the metal container we see as the lamp.
Damon Suede, Bad Idea|In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.
Tonny K. Brown|A friend is someone that asks, 'how are you,' and really wants to hear the truth.
Richard Baxter, The Godly Home|If the good so loved and desired do appear possible and feasible in the attaining, then it exciteth the passion of hope, which is a compound of desire and expectation : when we look upon it as requiring our endeavour to attain it, and as it is to be had in a prescribed way, then it provokes the passion of courage or boldness, and concludes in resolution. Lastly, If this good be apprehended as preset, then ti provoketh to delight or joy. If the thing itself be present, the jy is greatest. If but the idea of it, either through the remainder or memory of the good that is past, or through the fore-apprehension of that which we expect, yet even this also exciteth our joy. And this joy is the perfection of all the rest of the affections, when it is raised on the full fruition of the good itself(575).
Gordon Smith|I have said so many times to many people on the spiritual path, 'You must be strong in yourself to help others. People who are in the emotional sea need someone who can pull them out, not someone who gets in with them and gets dragged away by the tidal wave of human emotions. We have to become emotional lifeguards.
Lee Haney|As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.
James Blish, Doctor Mirabilis|[H]er spare strange beauty was not that of a woman, nor even of a statue, but that of the Platonic absolute of which all beauty is but a shadow in a cave, cast by the Fire beyond fire.
Logan Crowe, Secrets of the Dead Sea Scrolls|Take all of this Book upon reason that you can, and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier man.
RaSoul|Too many people think that finding the reason God placed us here on earth will come in one assignment with a big title and complete job description. I believe that discovering our purpose will unfold slowly, like a seed planted deep in the ground.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|I believe, to be sure, that any man who reaches Heaven will find that what he abandoned (even in plucking out his right eye) has not been lost: that the kernel of what he was really seeking even in his most depraved wishes will be there, beyond expectation, waiting for him in ‘the High Countries’.
James Corden|I love Carrie Fisher, and it would be amazing to carry on her legacy.
M.F. Moonzajer|Begging would have been the best option if God had given talents to only a selected few. Fortunately, He gave us all our compactible gifts respectively, so it is an offence to be a chronic beggar.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|The darkness of the room is pulsing with gunfire, and by our standards we are grossly outnumbered - there are only three of us to every one of them - but something is tipping things in our favor. Our manic speed is uncharacteristic of the Dead, and our prey are not prepared for it. Is this all coming from me? Creatures without desire usually don't move quickly, but they're following my lead, and I am an angry whirlwind.
Gina Charles|The degree to which your Consciousness expands, is the degree to which you understand yourself and the universe.
E.F. Benson, Queen Lucia|Best to have only a few absolutely perfect trait - for example, my hair and eyes and sparkling personality - so you don't overwhelm.
St. Teresa Of Avila, The Autobiography of St. Teresa Of Avila: By St. Teresa Of Avila - Illustrated|Christ has no body now but mine. He prays in me, works in me, looks through my eyes, speaks through my words, works through my hands, walks with my feet and loves with my heart.
John Dufresne, Love Warps the Mind a Little|My dear, how can I make you perceive that there is no danger where there is nothing but love and understanding?
Agatha Christie|The man who came into the room did not look as though his name was, or could have ever been, Robinson. It might have been Demetrius, or Isaacstein, or Perenna - though not one or the other in particular. He was not definitely Jewish, nor definitely Greek nor Portugese nor Spanish, nor South American. What did seem highly unlikely was that he was an Englishman called Robinson.
D.C. Farmer, The 400lb Gorilla|Matt shrugged. It was a good shrug, too. All it was missing was a beret, a stripy shirt and a Gauloise cigarette.
W.B. Yeats|That boy was going to make the world turn, and the stars would fall like rain.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|I'll be supposed upon a book, his face is the worst thing about him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we preach or teach the Scriptures, we open the door for the Holy Spirit to do His work. God has not promised to bless oratory or clever preaching. He has promised to bless His Word.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|LADY BRACKNELLTo speak frankly, I am not in favour of long engagements. They give people the opportunity of finding out each other's character before marriage, which I think is never advisable.
Rand Paul|My partner Donald Trump says that married couples should always have a prenuptial agreement. True, a prenuptial is important if one partner is much richer than the other before marriage, but Kim and I don't have one.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|When someone wrongs you, you both share the burden of that wrongdoing - the pain of it weighs on both of you. Forgiveness, then, means choosing to bear the full weight all by yourself.
Michael Rubens, The Sheriff of Yrnameer|Strategy is about out-thinking your competition. Mark Zuckerberg, while at Harvard, built a website called Facemash ‘for fun’. Even today, Facebook believe that ‘done is better than perfect’.
Isaac Bashevis Singer, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|But my gloom did not lessen. I knew that I'd had a bad dream, and I stood in the dark trying to recollect it. The second I closed my eyes, I was with the dead. They did things words cannot express. They spoke madness. ("Hanka")
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|That they will find each other during the play, once more, in the words of Shakespeare.
Tori Amos|The rise of Breitbart is directly tied to being the voice of that center-right opposition. And, quite frankly, we're winning many, many victories. On the social conservative side, we're the voice of the anti-abortion movement, the voice of the traditional marriage movement, and I can tell you we're winning victory after victory after victory.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|(I. F. Stone had once called it an exciting paper to read because you never knew on what page you would find a page-one story),
Sadhguru, Mystic's Musings|Today people just go on working, working and working. Not because they are creating something fantastic, but simply because they have to work, otherwise they don’t know what to do with themselves.
Jennifer Coolidge|As a New Yorker, this is what you do: you confront, jab, and slap, sometimes wrongly, then smile and forget about it.
Marcel Proust|A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
John Flanagan, The Royal Ranger|The absolute truth is unattainable, your current version of the truth is what you've managed to convince yourself or yet worst, what others have you
Jillian Cantor, Margot|1000 mile road begins with a single step, the freedom road begins with a scream that fires the battle, and the greatness road begins with a question that fires the spark of the change.
Erica Alex|If I knew what safety looked like, I would have spent less time falling into arms that were not
Alok Jagawat|Men with Honor are not killed by swords, they die of Shame.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|A good man lives for the joy in life and the happiness of being alive, not shackled to the wants of the future or the regrets of the past.
Simon Hoggart|I never felt I had anything to hide. I never felt being gay was anything to be ashamed of, so I never felt apologetic. I didn't have issues with it, didn't grow up with any religion, so I didn't have any religious, you know, issues to deal with as far as homosexuality is concerned. So, I accepted it very easily. For me, it wasn't that big a deal.
Cat Johnson, Midnight Wrangler|What drew her into O’Riley’s like a bee to honey was the six-foot, broad-shouldered, dark eyes, dark smile of Finn O’Riley himself.
J. D. Vance|When people read 'Breitbart' every single day and convince themselves that Barack Obama is a foreign terrorist, that is not a problem of government. That is a problem of community failure, and we have to recognize that.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|...human beings have a distorted view of risk. They don't see the whole picture. Our perceptions are twisted by stories in the media, by films, by our own personalities and experiences. So, despite the unlikely odds, we still worry about being raped or murdered. We hear a sound in the night and think of burglars, not mice... It's kind of a protective pessimism: if we worry about the worst happening, it may miss our door.
Nikki Rowe|when a lifestyle is created from the existence of your dream, you dont leave any room for failure.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You are rich. You own. We are poor. We lack. You have. We do not have. Everything is beautiful here, only not the faces. On Anarres nothing is beautiful, nothing but the faces. The other faces. The men and women. We have nothing but that, nothing but each other. Here you see the jewels. There you see the eyes. And in the eyes you see the splendor, the splendor of the human spirit, because our men and women are free possessing nothing. They are free. And you, the possessors are possessed. You are all in jail, each alone, solitary with a heap of what he owns. You live in prison, die in prison. It is all I can see in your eyes, the wall, the wall.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes, son?" God replied."Why do birds sing?" Jesus asked."Birds sing to welcome in the day and so that people can rejoice in their sweet voices," God said."What about chickens then?" Jesus asked now."Chickens are alarm clocks," God said."Alarm clocks?" Jesus asked bewildered."Yes, alarm clocks. They let everyone know that a new day is coming. Would you want to miss seeing the beauty of a sunrise?" God asked Jesus."No! I love watching a new day dawn," Jesus said."So it is with a lot of animals and people. That's the magic of life," God said."No dad. That's the magic of you," Jesus said as he smiled."Thank you," God said with a happy smile.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Positive Attitude is a great mental strength and powerful winning tool. Success is an attitude. Even if you dont have it, you can develop it
Albert Einstein|Your question is the most difficult in the world. It is not a question I can answer simply with yes or no. I am not an Atheist. I do not know if I can define myself as a Pantheist. The problem involved is too vast for our limited minds. May I not reply with a parable? The human mind, no matter how highly trained, cannot grasp the universe. We are in the position of a little child, entering a huge library whose walls are covered to the ceiling with books in many different tongues. The child knows that someone must have written those books. It does not know who or how. It does not understand the languages in which they are written. The child notes a definite plan in the arrangement of the books, a mysterious order, which it does not comprehend, but only dimly suspects. That, it seems to me, is the attitude of the human mind, even the greatest and most cultured, toward God. We see a universe marvelously arranged, obeying certain laws, but we understand the laws only dimly. Our limited minds cannot grasp the mysterious force that sways the constellations. I am fascinated by Spinoza's Pantheism. I admire even more his contributions to modern thought. Spinoza is the greatest of modern philosophers, because he is the first philosopher who deals with the soul and the body as one, not as two separate things.
Ammon Hennacy|...the real danger does not stem from those who seek to grab their share of wealth through force, or from those who try to defend their property through violence, for both of these groups, by their affirmative acts, support the values of the system in which they live. The millions that I would fear are those who do not dream of the prizes that the nation holds forth, for it is in them, though they may not know it, that a revolution has taken place and is building its time to translate itself into a new and strange way of life.
Debasish Mridha|Let me be one of the people who writes their life history, not with ink, with the colors of a caring heart.
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|Shamu and I have arrived safely in Costa Rica. He was stopped by airport security because he carries enough artillery in his pants pockets to construct a sawed-off shotgun. Evidently, he thought we were headed to Iraq.
Epictetus|When in doubt, don't.
Gugu Mona|People should avoid hatred at all costs, because not only does it affect the haters health; it also prevents them from enjoying the goodness of love.
Richard Wright|People on the side of The People always ended up disappointed, in any case. They found that The People tended not to be grateful or appreciative or forward-thinking or obedient. The People tended to be small-minded and conservative and not very clever and were even distrustful of cleverness. And so the children of the revolution were faced with the age-old problem: it wasn't that you had the wrong kind of government, which was obvious, but that you had the wrong kind of people.
Simon Kurt Unsworth, Lovecraft Unbound|In one picture, the pool was half hidden by a fringe of mace- weeds, and the dead willow was leaning across it at a prone, despondent angle, as if mysteriously arrested in its fall towards the stagnant waters. Beyond, the alders seemed to strain away from the pool, exposing their knotted roots as if in eternal effort. In the other drawing, the pool formed the main portion of the foreground, with the skeleton tree looming drearily at one side. At the water's farther end, the cat-tails seemed to wave and whisper among themselves in a dying wind; and the steeply barring slope of pine at the meadow's terminus was indicated as a wall of gloomy green that closed in the picture, leaving only a pale of autumnal sky at the top. ("Genius Loci")
Val Uchendu|Let fear or doubt be your indicator that you have disconnected with your spirit. Be honest, waste no time, reconnect and you'll master your life, because there're no negatives within your spirit.
Max Weber, Essays in Economic Sociology|It is certain that there can be no work in political economy on any other than an altruistic basis... If our work is to retain any meaning it can only be informed by this: concern for the future, for those who will come after us.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|But she remembered having told Archer once that you could not measure love on a scale of degrees, and now she understood that it was the same with pain. Pain might escalate upward and, just when you thought you'd reached your limit, begin to spread sideways, and spill out, and touch other people, and mix with their pain. And grow larger, but somehow less oppressive. She had thought herself trapped in a place outside the ordinary feeling lives of people; she had not noticed how many people were trapped in that place with her.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Perhaps this is why not one of 800 sexologists attending a conference raised a hand when asked if they would trust a thin rubber sheath to protect them during intercourse with a known HIV-infected person. I don't blame them. They're not crazy, after all. Yet they're perfectly willing to tell your generation that "safe sex" is within reach and you can sleep around with impunity. It is a terrible lie.
Kathleen Troia McFarland|Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.
Auliq Ice|The myth that if you don't start early, you might as well not start, tends to be a self-fulfilling prophecy. The music-making world that young people confront reminds me a lot of the world of school sports. After a lot of weeding out, in the end you've got a varsity with a few performers and an awful lot of people on the sidelines thinking, "Gee, it's too bad I wasn't good enough." We need to be careful about that. There seems to be an unspoken idea, in instruction of the young, that the people who start the fastest will go the farthest. But that's not only an unproven theory; it's not even a tested theory. The assumption that the steeper the learning curve, the higher it will go, is also unfounded. If we did things a little differently, we might find out that people whose learning curves were much slower might later on go up just as high or higher.
Elaine Seiler, Your Multi-Dimensional Workbook: Exercises for Energetic Awakening|Never forget the tribulations that we have endured. We are all one energy, and we are all part of God. You are one family now. Do not allow yourselves to find reasons to separate yourselves. Share everything; help each other in raising your children. Love each other, and love life.
Alain de Botton|If one felt successful, there'd be so little incentive to be successful.
J.M. Northup, A Prisoner Within|I make a project and I panic. Which is good, it can be a method. First, panic. Second, conquer panic by working. Third, find ways to solve your doubts.
Willie Nelson|When people ask if I'm going to be sad that 'The Office' is over, they don't even understand the depth of that question for me. It's an era of my life. No one would have known my name if it wasn't for the show.
Lesley Gore|May we treasure the divine gift of communication, and may we use it wisely to build and to assist others on this marvelous journey through mortality.
Maggie Georgiana Young|Millennials: We lost the genetic lottery. We graduated high school into terrorist attacks and wars. We graduated college into a recession and mounds of debt. We will never acquire the financial cushion, employment stability, and material possessions of our parents. We are often more educated, experienced, informed, and digitally fluent than prior generations, yet are constantly haunted by the trauma of coming of age during the detonation of the societal structure we were born into. But perhaps we are overlooking the silver lining. We will have less money to buy the material possessions that entrap us. We will have more compassion and empathy because our struggles have taught us that even the most privileged can fall from grace. We will have the courage to pursue our dreams because we have absolutely nothing to lose. We will experience the world through backpacking, couch surfing, and carrying on interesting conversations with adventurers in hostels because our bank accounts can't supply the Americanized resorts. Our hardships will obligate us to develop spiritual and intellectual substance. Maybe having roommates and buying our clothes at thrift stores isn't so horrible as long as we are making a point to pursue genuine happiness.
P.I. Alltraine, Heartbound|I wanted so much from her. I wanted her to help me understand the erratic and irrational way she made me feel. I wanted her to tell me why I could hardly breathe. I felt like I was drowning every time I saw her, yet I refused to look away. I wanted her to smile at me. I wanted her to keep me a prisoner of her captivating eyes for a little longer. I wanted her to lean closer to me for reasons I couldn't comprehend. I wanted her to stay here with me even though she made me so dangerously weak. I wanted so much from her, but more than anything, I wanted to know her.
Emily Veinglory, Father of Dragons|It was a great fucking time, the short era of disaster euphoria, for nothing enhances pleasures and blocks guilt like a looming cataclysm.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nations and civilizations rise, flourish for a time, and then decay. Eventually each comes to an end. This, because of sin, is the decree of history and the way of life on this planet.
Toni Blake, Whisper Falls|To her surprise, Lucky tilted his head and looked her in the eye, appearing oddly…crestfallen, she thought. “Don’t be nervous,” he said. “I hate making you nervous.
David Levithan, Another Day|Why books?”Her brows rose. “I beg your pardon?”“Why are they your vice?”She set her plate down and wiped her hand on her skirts before reaching for the top volume on a stack of small, leather bound books nearby and extending it to him. “Go on.”He took it. “Now what?”“Smell it.” He tilted his head. She couldn’t help but smile. “Do it.”He lifted it to his nose. Inhaled.“Not like that,” she said. “Really give it a smell.”He raised one brow but did as he was told. “What do you smell?” Sophie asked.“Leather and ink?”She shook her head. “Happiness. That’s what books smells like. Happiness. That’s why I always wanted to have a book shop. What better life than to trade in happiness?
Igor Stravinsky|I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.
Epicurus|The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good, the latter and immortal one.
Jazz Feylynn|Butterfly upon my hand, A voice of wonder within my mind, not my own but the butterfly's.
Alice Clayton, Wallbanger|(Matty) 'I'm going to a corn maze.'(Elliot) 'Oh, bitch. You've lost your ever-loving mind.
Robert Zubrin|For me, I always have looked at 'indie' as a term of 'independence.' Never associated a sonic gesture with that in the same way that pop music has always meant 'popular' to me; you know, it didn't define a sound.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|It is today that tells you if you learned from yesterday, and if tomorrow is possible.
Charlotte Brontë|Pets reflect you like mirrors. When you are happy, you can see your dog smiling and when you are sad, your cat cries.
Scott Dikkers, You Are Worthless: Depressing Nuggets of Wisdom Sure to Ruin Your Day|Be sure to lie to your kids about the benevolent, all-seeing Santa Claus. It will prepare them for an adulthood of believing in God.
Victor Hugo|There was a young lady called Peaches,who simply loved animals to pieces.She ate pigs and sheep,and for cows she would weep,when baked in a sauce of rich greases.
Steve Jobs|A woman knows by intuition, or instinct, what is best for herself.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|Everyone wants everyone to be perfect for them, but they don't want themselves to be perfect for others...
Michael Stipe|It was mid-November 2008. There were pirates taking ships with impunity in African waters, terrorists punching holes in Indian security, China sinking towards depression because Americans were afraid to buy cheap goods for Christmas, and the richest nation in the history of the world was talking about how to keep a budget.
Dasha Zhukova|I've gone to normal clubs, straight clubs, and I've gone to gay clubs to party with my friends and fans. There's no difference. I have nothing to prove. I'm very comfortable in my own skin, and I'm thankful to have as many close gay friends as I have, people who have been so supportive in my life and have always been there for me.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|The thing to know about my brother was that even though he was fifteen, he looked to be about the same age as me. Only, I'm not sure if that was because he looked older or I looked younger. I like to think it was a healthy mixture of both.
Bertrand Russell|Education should aim at destroying free will so thatpupils thus schooled, will be incapable throughoutthe rest of their lives of thinking or acting otherwisethan as their schoolmasters would have wished. . . .Influences of the home are obstructive; and in orderto condition students, verses set to music and repeatedlyintoned are very effective. . . . It is for afuture scientist to make these maxims precise andto discover exactly how much it costs per head tomake children believe that snow is black. When thetechnique has been perfected, every government thathas been in charge of education for more than onegeneration will be able to control its subjects securelywithout the need of armies or policemen.
Iimani David|To protect themselves, the weak focus on the "bad" in people. Conversely, the strong, who fear little, focus on the "good".
T. Thorn Coyle|Things may need to stay in the darkness for some time. There is power in darkness: the power of gestation, deep dreaming, and the sweetness of night. However, sometimes darkness obscures our vision, making it difficult to see some of our very important parts. And sometimes darkness is a messy closet into which we shove things we can't quite get rid of, but don't know how to use anymore.
J. Jack Halberstam|I actually chafe at describing myself as masculine. For one thing, masculinity itself is such an expansive territory, encompassing boundaries of nationality, race, and class. Most importantly, individuals blaze their own trails across this landscape. And it’s hard for me to label the intricate matrix of my gender as simply masculine. To me, branding individual self-expression as simply feminine or masculine is like asking poets: Do you write in English or Spanish? The question leaves out the possibilities that the poetry is woven in Cantonese or Ladino, Swahili or Arabic. The question deals only with the system of language that the poet has been taught. It ignores the words each writer hauls up, hand over hand, from a common well. The music words make when finding themselves next to each other for the first time. The silences echoing in the space between ideas. The powerful winds of passion and belief that move the poet to write.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|As the dreamscape around me grows clearer, I slip further away from it. The mind is a magical thing, I’m discovering. A dreamscape is made of thought and is wider than the sky, able to grow large enough to fit not just our own world, but every possibility and impossibility beyond it. Once I quit thinking of it as being forced into the laws of physics, it’s easy to manipulate the dreamscape into anything I want. I don’t know how I know all this, no more than I understand how I know things when I dream. I just do.I throw up my hand, and a wall rises between the orange grove and me. Behind the wall, I start creating the world I need in Representative Belles’s mind.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When I am happy and when I really focus, I can! Whatever I dream of with my thoughts becomes a part of my world, my plan.”Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Oswald Spengler|There have been only 268 of the past 3,421 years free of war.
Stanley Ho|I learned easily and had time to follow my inclination for sports (light athletics and skiing) and chemistry, which I taught myself by reading all textbooks I could get.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To know the good from the bad, study a man or woman's history of actions, not their record of intentions.
Carl Hagelin|We've got to get people out of their cars, out of those drive-thru windows, get them walking, get them in parks and get them more active.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|People don't know to make a leaf, but they know how to destroy one.
Debasish Mridha|For true liberation, you do not need to fight. You simply have to change your thoughts and drift away from conformity, comfort, security, and certainty of life and embrace and enjoy the possibilities and magnificence of the uncertainty of life.
Sophocles|Prefiero, señor, obrar bien y fracasar, antes que triunfar con malas artes.Palabras de Neoptólemo a Odiseo, en la tragedia griega Filoctetes.
Paul  Hoffman, The Beating of His Wings|He has neither what I call the outward vision (seeing details all around you what is called an observant person) nor the inner vision--concentration, the focusing of the mind on one object. He has a purposefully limited vision. He sees only what blends and harmonises with the bent of his mind.
Cyndi Tefft, Hell Transporter|He said that if I ever hurt you, he'd find me and kill me. I told him that if I ever hurt you, I'd want him to." - Aiden MacRae
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|I get up at 4am or 5am and write for a few hours before the rest of the world wakes up. And I don’t drink caffeine. That combination is basically a deal breaker for every other author I know. I don’t usual check email, Facebook or Twitter until at least 6:30am, either, another killer for most authors.
Henry Kissinger|Men think highly of those who rise rapidly in the world; whereas nothing rises quicker than dust, straw, and feathers.
Amit Kalantri|Capability can handle challenges, it doesn't accept charity.
Jarett Kobek, I Hate the Internet|Content is not king – relevant, timely and authentic content is king
Graham Moore|People are getting away from the whole album experience, it's true. I think that's sad. Maybe I'm just saying that because I'm an old fart. But I can't help it - albums are what I grew up with, and I still love them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Emily looked over at Courtney. He was still asleep. For a long time she had thought that if you loved anyone you had to tell him everything: go to him and confess as in the dream; there could be no secrets. But now in the dark of early morning with the copper bottle cold against her fee she felt that this desire to tell all was simply an evasion of responsibility, a weakness in wanting to push on to the person you love something that is your own responsibility to solve. It would be easier for her to tell Courtney all about Abe, to come to him as he sat at this desk in the chill little workroom and confess, to hand the responsibility for her ambivalence to him, to let him settle the problem of her puny conscience for her.But I know, she thought, lying there beside him on Madame Pedroti's lumpy bed, that if I love Courtney that is the last thing I must do. If I love Courtney he must never know.
Lloyd Alexander, Westmark|-"He loved her...It was noble of him. It was beautiful."-"It was stupid.
Sandra Day O'Connor|I'm at my best when people are depending on me. If it's just on me and I don't have nothing to do, I'm going to be lazy. On the football field, it's every single day, every play, knowing that people are depending on me to make my play. That helps me elevate my game to another level.
Santosh Kalwar|Love does not claim materialistic possession of any kind, it yields complete freedom.
David Ritz, Divided Soul: The Life Of Marvin Gaye|To my way of thinking, the slavery issue is just an excuse to allow some people to do hateful things and feel righteous about it.
E'yen A. Gardner|Sometimes you have to forsake what you want, to get what you want.
James Russell Lowell|Nature fits all her children with something to do, he who would write and can't write, can surely review.
Brooke Warra, Sanitarium Magazine Issue #42: Bringing you the Best Short Horror Fiction, Dark Verse and Macabre Entertainment|I’m supposed to feel like it’s such a great apartment, but I don’t. It’s the right price, there are no bugs and it’s got a great view, but it’s the lair of Satan...--Nil Caveat
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|Surrender to your truth, but never to challenges along your path.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|One down," Beckendorf said. "About five thousand to go." He tossed me a jar of thick green liquid—Greek fire, one of the most dangerous magical substances in the world. Then he threw me another essential tool of demigod heroes—duct tape
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|Success is like water, the more thirsty you are for it is the more you will drink it, and you'll need it forever to survive.
Noam Chomsky, Nuclear War and Environmental Catastrophe|Democracy is the process to elect government of the upper-class people, by the poor people and for the corporate people.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|I have lightning and wind powers," Jason reminded him. "Piper can turn beautiful and charm people into giving her BMWs. You're no more a freak than we are. And, hey, maybe you can fly, too. Like jump off a building and yell 'Flame on!'"Leo snorted. "If I did that, you would see a flaming kid falling to his death, and I would be yelling something a little stronger than 'Flame on!
Whitney Young|I am not anxious to be the loudest voice or the most popular. But I would like to think that at a crucial moment, I was an effective voice of the voiceless, an effective hope of the hopeless.
Roshan Sharma|Bicycles are the most efficient vehicles on the planet, 50 times more efficient than cars, and twice as efficient as walking.
R.J. Gonzales, Mundahlia|Eventually, I’ll grow sick and perish. Die on the floor, a young girl—who even when in the presence of company, still feels the loneliness that looms over her heart.
Germany Kent|Funny how we do not realize the true value and legacy of a living icon until they suddenly pass away. Truth is, there are many living legends among us, we just do not stop and take time to notice their worth until it's too late.
José Rizal, Noli Me Tángere|Excess of liberty, whether it lies in state or individuals, seems only to pass into excess of slavery.
C. Baxter Kruger, The Great Dance: The Christian Vision Revisited|God allows man to learn His supernatural ends, but the decision to strive towards an end, the choice of course, is left to man's free will. God does not redeem man against his will.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Never be afraid of opportunities, always be on the lookout for adventures.
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|We propose to consider first the single elements of our subject, then each branch of part, and, last of all, the whole in all its relations-therefore to advance from the simple to the complex. But it is necessary for us to commence with a glance at the nature of the whole, because it is particularly necessary that in the consideration of any of the parts their relation to the whole be kept constantly in view.We shall not enter into any of the abstruse definitions of War used by publicists. We shall keep to the element of the thing itself, to a duel. War is nothing but a duel on an extensive scale. If we would conceive as a unit the countless number of duels which make up a War, we shall do so best by supposing to ourselves two wrestlers. Each strives by physical force to compel the other to submit to his will: each endeavors to throw his adversary, and thus render him incapable of further resistance.War therefore is an act of violence intended to compel our opponent to fulfill our will.
Elizabeth Banks|The thing about For Better or Worse is the only thing that made me an okay director for that is that I have a sense of humor, and it was supposed to be funny.
Ruskin Bond, The Lamp is Lit: Leaves from a Journal|As a boy, reading was my religion. It helped me to discover my soul. Later, writing helped me to record its journey.
Aminatta Forna|How easily they spoke of love. And yet, when she'd needed the certainty of his feeling for her, he'd let her slip away, never able to bring himself to tell her about the ways in which he'd been changed. He'd been incapable he'd let Nenebah believe the problem lay with her.
Karen A. Baquiran|I am awake and yet I dream. You can be the realist and I can be the dreamer. When our worlds collide one day, I will show you another dimension of life that most dare not to believe in. This world exists just as much as the tangible one. This is where I will always love you.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Letting go of someone you loved wasn't hard. There was no word for what it was, because even if you didn't let them go they were still gone.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Fire|Have you ever heard of the expression, ladies first" "Yes""Well, it's truer in bed than it is anywhere else.
K.P. Yohannan, Revolution in World Missions|By giving us control, our new technologies tend to enhance existing idols in our lives. Instead of becoming more like Christ through the forming and shaping influence of the church community, we form, and shape, and personalize our community to make it more like us. We take control of things that are not ours to control. Could it be that our desire for control is short-circuiting the process of change and transformation God wants us to experience through the mess of real world, flesh and blood, face-to-face relationships?
Josephine Baker|No man is above the law, and no man is below it.
Balroop Singh|With you, I truly am fearless, Marcus. With you, I’m not even afraid to be weak.
Toni Aleo, Overtime|Payback's a bitch, but thankfully those tissues are only full of snot and tears instead of dead little sperms.
J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal|After all, the fundamental question of philosophy (like that of psychoanalysis) is the same as the question of the detective novel: who is guilty?
Elie Wiesel|Those Dutchmen had hardly any imagination or fantasy, but their good taste and their scientific knowledge of composition were enormous.
Ted Kooser, Delights and Shadows|MOTHER – By Ted KooserMid April already, and the wild plumsbloom at the roadside, a lacy whiteagainst the exuberant, jubilant greenof new grass and the dusty, fading black of burned-out ditches. No leaves, not yet,only the delicate, star-petaledblossoms, sweet with their timeless perfume.You have been gone a month todayand have missed three rains and one nightlongwatch for tornadoes. I sat in the cellarfrom six to eight while fat spring cloudswent somersaulting, rumbling east. Then it poured,a storm that walked on legs of lightning,dragging its shaggy belly over the fields.The meadowlarks are back, and the finchesare turning from green to gold. Those sametwo geese have come to the pond again this year,honking in over the trees and splashing down.They never nest, but stay a week or twothen leave. The peonies are up, the red sprouts,burning in circles like birthday candles,for this is the month of my birth, as you know,the best month to be born in, thanks to you,everything ready to burst with living.There will be no more new flannel nightshirtssewn on your old black Singer, no birthday cardaddressed in a shaky but businesslike hand.You asked me if I would be sad when it happenedand I am sad. But the iris I moved from your housenow hold in the dusty dry fists of their rootsgreen knives and forks as if waiting for dinner,as if spring were a feast. I thank you for that. Were it not for the way you taught me to lookat the world, to see the life at play in everything,I would have to be lonely forever.
Diana Wynne Jones|This is the mythosphere. It's made up of all the stories, theories and beliefs, legends, myths and hopes, that are generated here on Earth. As you can see, it's constantly growing and moving as people invent new tales to tell or find new things to believe. The older strands move out to become these spirals, where things tend to become quite crude and dangerous. They've hardened off, you see.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Mama said, "Dreams are different to real life but important too.
Jeffrey Eugenides|Interestingly, the word 'person' did not originally refer to the individual in the way we tend to use it today. Instead, 'person' came, via french, from the Latin word 'persona', which referred to the mask worn by tan actor to protray a particular character. In this theatrical sense, personality has to do with the role or character that the person plays in life's drama. The person's individuality, in this sense, is a matter of the roles or characters that he or she assumes.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|...there are books...which you can't tell people about, books so special and rare and yours that advertising your affection feels like a betrayal.
William Cowper|Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
Anthony Storr, Solitude: A Return to the Self|The human spirit is not indestructible; but a courageous few discover that, when in hell, they are granted a glimpse of heaven.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|No matter what challenges or obstacles we experience, we must make a CHOICE to become better or bitter because of it. Will and pray your way through it. In my opinion, the difference between those who are considered strong and those who are seen as weak are what they DECIDE to focus on. But, having down moments don't make someone weak, it makes them human. We wouldn't be human if we don't "feel", but at some point we MUCH force ourselves to get up!
C. JoyBell C.|When I was in Piazza di Spagna, in Rome, I watched (along with others) how many locals came to drink water from the fountain there. The people beside me said to each other "Oh my goodness, how disgusting, people just drink water from anywhere," while the whole time, I was thinking "Oh my goodness, how wonderful, people can drink water from anywhere." We can be in the exact same place, looking at the exact same thing, but see that thing in a completely different way. You can go around the world, and go to all the beautiful places, but never be happy, because happiness is something that you bring inside of you, it is not where you are or what you are looking at, but it is how you are and how you look at.
Hunter S. Thompson|A picture book is a small door to the enormous world of the visual arts, and they're often the first art a young person sees.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|Dark Energy is poorly understood and it is clear that we are currently moving into exploring thecomplete electromagnetic spectrum that also includes the study of atmospheric pressure waves,atmospheric voltage effects on the cellular system, and the biological effects of the various forms ofatmospheric radiation transmission.
Maegan Cook|My capacity for having a good time exists. It surfaces, however, on odd occasions.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|To love without need or without expectation of restitution, that is how we ought to love.
Abhijit Naskar|Remember, never give up on love. It is easier to give up in search of a better prize, because the brain always keeps craving for new stimulants, but this way you only keep on searching, never to find peace in love. Let me tell you a story. There was a student who asked his teacher, what is love. The teacher said go into the field and bring me the most beautiful flower. The student returned with no flower at hand andsaid, I found the most beautiful flower in the field but I didn't pick it up for I might find a better one, but when I returned to the place, it was gone.We always look for the best in life. When we finally see it, we take it for granted and after some time start expecting a better one, not knowing that it's the best. Seek for your love, and once you have it never ever give up on it, no matter the situations.
Richelle Mead, Succubus on Top|For every bad thing in life, there are more good things to tip the balance.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
Erich Fromm|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
Deyth Banger|Green Inferno was the truth, everything can be saw, how we were in the privous centuries, how did we survive and many other interesting stuff.So do you have the guts?
Rafael Cruz|What really turns me on about technology is not just the ability to get more songs on MP3 players. The revolution - this revolution - is much bigger than that. I hope, I believe. What turns me on about the digital age, what excites me personally, is that you have closed the gap between dreaming and doing.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|How do you know yourself to be a son of God in fact as well as in name?”Answer: “Because I am baptized in the name of God the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.” - John Calvin (from his catechism)
Todd Phillips|Being a funny person does an awful lot of things to you. You feel that you mustn't get serious with people. They don't expect it from you, and they don't want to see it. You're not entitled to be serious, you're a clown.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Sometimes you’ll hear, ‘People don’t change.’ This is true more often than it ought to be, but listen again: ‘People don’t change.’ It says ‘don’t,’ not ‘can’t.’ (316)
Julie Maroh|Every single courageous act of coming out chips away at the curse of homophobia. Most importantly it's destroyed within yourself, and that act creates the potential for its destruction where it exists in friends, family and society.
Sandra Byrd, A Lady in Disguise|Like herbs in a pestle, life steadily ground out the essence of those who did not have access to comforts.
Laurie E. Rozakis, I Before E, Except After C: Spelling for the Alphabetically Challenged|Thanks to the nation's testing mania (which I like to call 'No Child Left Untested' rather than 'No Child Left Behind'), children are being barraged with a nonstop volley of standardized tests. From kindergarten to graduate school, students are subjected to an unprecedented number of high-stakes tests
Ray Comfort|I don't mean being famous is a perk, because one knows that it's not necessarily a perk, but there are certain perks to being well-known and respected in one's field. Public perks. Like, I don't know, general friendliness and willingness to please, just to point out two.
James Wesley, Rawles, Land of Promise|If you survive, you've got to live with the guilt, and that's more difficult than looking someone in the eye and pulling the trigger. Trust me. I've done both.
Victoria Woodhull|Nobody knows the future with certainty. We can, however, identify ongoing patterns of change.
Karen A. Baquiran|With an attitude of gratitude, you can't go wrong. You are already putting it out there into the universe that you are ready to receive more. This is the universal truth. Be thankful for what you have. Your life is already abundant.
Stefan Fatsis, A Few Seconds of Panic: A 5-Foot-8, 170-Pound, 43-Year-Old Sportswriter Plays in the NFL|We are what we allow ourselves to become. Never settle for less than what you deserve. Keep fighting the good fight! Keep giving your all to achieve, receive and succeed
Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places|If one believes that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do.
Michael    Gilbert, Perfected Sinfulness|And all I did was read, and when I was too high to read I stared out the windows.
Courtney Milan, A Kiss For Midwinter|A shoemaker, in making a pair of shoes, cannot spoil a scrap of leather without having to bear the loss; but in our business we may spoil a man without its costing us a farthing. The blunders are never put down to us, and it is always the fault of the fellow who dies. The best of this profession is, that there is the greatest honesty and discretion among the dead; for you never find them complain of the physician who has killed them.
Nora Sakavic, The King's Men|Everything about Andrew was hot, from the hands holding him down to the mouth steadily taking Neil apart. Neil finally understood why his mother thought this was so dangerous.
Elisabeth Elliot, The Mark of a Man|The question is simply,'Who is your master?'Once that's settled, you ask whether any word have been spoken. If it has, you have your orders.
Virgil, The Aeneid|He loved me.Noah Hutchins had told me he loved me, and that had made the past week at school absolute hell.
Criss Jami, Healology|I enjoy poetry where I can talk as bizarre as I please, but theology or philosophy, I always respect the truth by taking it a step further.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|One size may fit all, but no footprint is the same. The right path for you may be a few steps to the left.
JR|Every day is intense and alive, whether it's travel, work, even down time, which there is so little of.
Debasish Mridha|What a tragedy it would be if you lived your entire life without discovering who you are, without reaching your full potential.” Ray Mancini
Julie Berry, The Passion of Dolssa|Pardon my French if you're a religious man.''I am,' Bill said, grinning.'Then get outta my cab and go to fucking church,' the cabbie said, and they both burst out laughing.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|This man suffered too much. He hated all this, and somehow he couldn't get away. When I had a chance I begged him to try and leave while there was time; I offered to go back with him. And he would say yes, and then he would remain...
Mia Farrow, What Falls Away: A Memoir|Beauty is that which attracts your soul, and that which loves to give and not to receive.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|If you want to know what's going on, keep your mind in the fridge or it might go off.
Fulton J. Sheen|In every friendship hearts grow and entwine themselves together, so that the two hearts seem to make only one heart with only a common thought. That is why separation is so painful; it is not so much two hearts separating, but one being torn asunder.
Mark Andrew Poe, Halloween Nightmares|The man smiled. "Harry is unique, for he was born with a special gift of sight, with eyes able to see things that are unseen. He has talents to move matter by the sound of his voice.
Ernst Bloch|Being doped is a pleasure you pay for. There was always opium there for the people -- in the end it tainted their whole faith. If the Church had not always stood so watchfully behind the ruling powers, there would not have been such attacks against everything it stood for -- although of course it may have been competing with them for the first place among the rulers, as in the Middle Ages. Whenever it was a question of keeping the serfs, and then the paid slaves down, the dope-dealers came unfailingly to the help of the oppressors.
Hieu|I haven't failed,I have just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Octavia E. Butler|Teach men how to fish, but also teach them how to preserve fish.
Kapil Sibal|Tea Party attendees and health care town-hall protesters share the common belief that the extravagant spending of President Obama and the Democratic Party - absent any checks and balances - will eventually lead more people into government dependency, higher taxes, and, perhaps, our country's financial ruin.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Out of Solitude: Three Meditations on the Christian Life|To care means first of all to empty our own cup and to allow the other to come close to us. It means to take away the many barriers which prevent us from entering into communion with the other. When we dare to care, then we discover that nothing human is foreign to us, but that all the hatred and love, cruelty and compassion, fear and joy can be found in our own hearts. When we dare to care, we have to confess that when others kill, I could have killed too. When others torture, I could have done the same. When others heal, I could have healed too. And when others give life, I could have done the same. Then we experience that we can be present to the soldier who kills, to the guard who pesters, to the young man who plays as if life has no end, and to the old man who stopped playing out of fear for death.By the honest recognition and confession of our human sameness, we can participate in the care of God who came, not to the powerful but powerless, not to be different but the same, not to take our pain away but to share it. Through this participation we can open our hearts to each other and form a new community.
Yoon Ha Lee, Conservation of Shadows|Possibility means "freedom". The measure of freedom enters into the concept of man. That the objective possibilities exist for people not to die of hunder and that people do die of hunger, has its importance, or so one would have thought. But the existence of the objective conditions, of possibilities or of freedom is not yet enough: it is necessary to "know" them, and know how to use them.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Bleed me of art, and there won't be enough liquid left in me to spit! [Michelangelo Buonorotti]
Lainie Suzanne, Nexus: The Core of Erotic Desires|Sam heard someone bellow in the distance, but the sound of freight trains running in his ears dampened the sound, making it impossible for him to locate the source of the cry. When he heard it sound again, closer, the voice sounded familiar somehow. He strained to listen past the thundering racket in his ears, only to be rewarded by another holler from the voice. This time, he recognized the voice as his own.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|It's funny how things seem different, suddenly.
Ovid|Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas" - "Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses
Graham Greene, Twenty-one Stories|Then his friend said, 'If you fly you will save a day.' He nodded, he agreed, he would sacrifice his ticket, he would save a day. I ask you what does a day saved matter to him or to you? A day saved from what? for what? Instead of spending the day traveling, you will see your friend a day earlier, but you cannot stay indefinitely, you will travel home twenty-four hours sooner, that is all. But you will fly home and again save a day? Save it form what, for what? You will begin work a day earlier, but you cannot work on indefinitely. It only means that you will cease work a day earlier. And then, what? You cannot die a day earlier. So you will realize perhaps how rash it was of you to save a day, when you discover how you cannot escape those twenty-four hours you have so carefully preserved; you may push them forward and push them forward, but some time they must be spend, and then you may wish you had spent them as innocently as in the train from Ostend.
Will Durant|Even when repressed, inequality grows; only the man who is below the average in economic ability desires equality; those who are conscious of superior ability desire freedom, and in the end superior ability has its way.
David Crosby|You do not get to choose the events that come your way nor the sorrows that interrupt your life. They will likely be a surprise to you, catching you off quard and unprepared. You may hold your head in your hands and lament your weak condition and wonder what you ought to do. To suffer, that is common to all. To suffer and still keep your composure, your faith and your smile, that is remarkable. Pain will change you more profoundly than success or good fortune. Suffering shapes your perception of life, your values and priorities, and your goals and dreams. Your pain is changing you.
Erna Paris, Long Shadows: Truth, Lies and History|At the end of this journey, it seems to me that reconciling the long shadows cast by the uneasy past may ultimately depend on elements so basic that they bring to mind a simple Slav proverb I once came across and never forgot: Eat bread and salt and speak the truth. They are the recovery of fact, public accountability and the instituting of fair trials of one sort or another, to help mark ends and beginnings and to return the moral compass as close to the centre as possible.
Nuno Roque|All my images are self-portraits, even when I'm not in them.
Patrick Ness|I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare into the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|And America, too, is a delusion, the grandest one of all. The white race believes--believes with all its heart--that it is their right to take the land. To kill Indians. Make war. Enslave their brothers. This nation shouldn't exist, if there is any justice in the world, for its foundations are murder, theft, and cruelty. Yet here we are.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|While the West had lulled itself to sleep with the comforting doctrine of man’s achievements, a great revolution had been in progress in Russia. The hammer pounded and the sickle gleaned until a new social order called Communism emerged as one of the most powerful ideologies of all time. It challenged every concept man had ever held. It threatened the life of the whole world. It became the greatest challenge Christianity had faced in 2,000 years. It was a fanatic religion that asked questions and demanded answers.
Albert Brooks|All improv turns into anger. All comedy improv basically turns into anger, because that's all people know how to do when they're improvising. If you notice shows that are improvising are generally people yelling at each other.
Fereidoon Yazdi|As it was all was lost. He was alive, yes, he was alive, he felt this for the first time. But he knew now that he was living in a prison, that he had to make the best of it in there and would soon rage and would have to speak this thieves' cant, the only language at his disposal, in order not to be so abandoned.
Patrice Kindl|I was banished from that world forever, I knew. I couldn't go back now. One day soon I would go away from here entirely; I would leave this house, perhaps never to return.I hugged myself, comforting my fear. Very well then, I thought, I will be my own house. I will build myself a house out of my own flesh and bones where my frightened child-self can find shelter. After all, isn't that one of the things that women do? We are houses for our children, shielding them from harm within the stronghold of our bodies, until they are strong enough to breathe and walk alone. So surely I must be able to give myself shelter now.
J. Tyson-Capper, Hodburn Wood|Both slaves had been oiled until their flesh shined like polished ebony, outlining every detail of their muscles.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|For a city to be beautiful, it must have a mysterious air!
Denise Hildreth Jones, Secrets Over Sweet Tea|We're meant to stay connected to our hearts, you see. Feeling our feelings, present in the moments we're given. But we don't do that. And that's when we get in trouble. ...We mature and take responsibility for ourselves and others, and that's a good thing. But we're never meant to lose that alive quality, to get cut off from our true hearts. Growing up isn't the same thing as shutting down. ...We can fight it. We have to fight it. Because when our hearts shut down, we become mere shells of who we once were. We don't laugh—not honestly, not from the heart. We don't dream. We don't feel our feelings or use our gifts. We end up trying to just survive instead of live. It's like we've handed our hearts over to the enemy of our souls and said, 'Here you can have it. I'm giving up.
Paul Robeson|Before we went on any protest, whether it was sit-ins or the freedom rides or any march, we prepared ourselves, and we were disciplined. We were committed to the way of peace - the way of non-violence - the way of love - the way of life as the way of living.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|I grab the nearest lamppost when my knees threaten to give out, panting for breath as the words rip through me
Hal Borland|It is far better to endure patiently a smart which nobody feels but yourself, than to commit a hasty action whose evil consequences will extend to all connected with you.
Eleanor Roosevelt|The reason that fiction is more interesting than any other form of literature, to those who really like to study people, is that in fiction the author can really tell the truth without humiliating himself.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|We kissed each other until we were too tired to keep going. I could still feel him holding back. It was my penance for what I had done to him. All I could do was hope the walls would fall and that I could have all of him again, but I was always leaving and he was tired of watching me walk away. We both knew that I couldn’t stay and that he couldn’t come with me, but still, we couldn’t let go.
Lara Giddings|We are also fortunate in being in quite a sheltered environment, in terms of people moving on to do other things, because there are relatively few companies in Scotland that are looking for the skill set that we've developed.
Patrick Brislan, Heresies of Music: An A-Z Diagnostic Guide|What is Lisztomania, and how was it cured? Who was Drog, and what was his prophecy regarding Electronic Music? What preparation do you need before throwing an artistic tantrum? Which orchestral musicians are also qualified to run a hospital?The plausible answers to these and many other tantalising questions can be found in this wickedly funny – and occasionally just wicked – book.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|It is naught but pain and regret when we think of the things and people we will never have, the opportunities we may never get. But to pine for those we have had and loved and once held but will never clasp again, it is torture of an unbearable degree. It is the worst pain possible. Enough to drive you away from yourself...
Clare Boothe Luce|To attain happiness in another world we need only to believe something, while to secure it in this world we must do something.
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|I want you, Elle," he said, voice low and rough. "It's a goddamn ache, I want you so much.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|There are no such words like "over-dreaming" or dreaming without "biometric verification". You can dream over and over again! You don't need a certificate to dream big!
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|Q: How can I help myself?A: By remembering the proverb: ‘The Path is not to be found anywhere except in human service’, from Saadi.
Friedrich Engels|When people say there is no place like home, the first to agree are the homeless.
David Winter, What's in a Word|A lost person or article is still what it is, still valuable in itself, but in the wrong place, disconnected from its purpose and unable to be or do whatever it is intended to be or do.
Jane Velez-Mitchell|We can start with housing, the sturdiest of footholds for economic mobility. A national affordable housing program would be an anti-poverty effort, human capital investment, community improvement plan, and public health initiative all rolled into one.
Michael Leunig|I see religion as a storehouse of lots of really good ideas that a secular world should look at, raid, and learn from.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|A large drop of sun lingered on the horizon and then dripped over and was gone, and the sky was brilliant over the spot where it had gone, and a torn cloud, like a bloody rag, hung over the spot of its going. And dusk crept over the sky from the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east.
Kevin Roose, The Unlikely Disciple: A Sinner's Semester at America's Holiest University|In the evangelical world, prying can be an indicator of compassion.
Larry Herzberg, Chinese Proverbs and Popular Sayings: With Observations on Culture and Language|Have you heard," he said "that many of our people believe if you know five colloquial expressions in their tribal language, they must always provide you with nourishment and shelter? But-" He paused as though to make sure she was paying attention. "But if you know fewer than five, they owe you not even a sip of water."She nodded, understanding his point, but he pressed it."Learn those five phrases, Miss Sweeney," he said.
Emily Ratajkowski|I wouldn't say I am the type of girl who craves Doritos, but I definitely love a good cupcake sometimes. Or a croissant in the morning.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Sometimes a "mistake" can end up being the best decision you ever make.
Shannon Hale, Palace of Stone|...with white dawns and glaring moons, and sunsets smeared with too much color.
Kowtham Kumar K|The subject, timing and light makes a photograph, great. Greater, is the photographer when he senses these are right.
David Nicholls, One Day|A moment passed, perhaps half a second when their faces said what they felt, and then Emma was smiling, laughing, her arms around his neck.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|From her perch more than a kilometer aboveground, she surveys the city that never sleeps, glittering and coruscating in the rain like a metaphor for her glamorous life.
Robert  Black|Later he´ll be drunk in extremis and will only be able to speak the esperanto of alcoholics, which is a language full of stutterings from the geological layers of our animal ancestors
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Cutting off fundamental, curiosity-driven science is like eating the seed corn. We may have a little more to eat next winter but what will we plant so we and our children will have enough to get through the winters to come?
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Sin is the only real colour-element left in modern life.''You really must not say things like that before Dorian, Harry.''Before which Dorian? The one who is pouring out tea for us, or the one in the picture?''Before either.''I should like to come to the theatre with you, Lord Henry,' said the lad.'Then you shall come; and you will come, too, Basil, won't you?''I can't, really. I would sooner not. I have a lot of work to do.''Well, then you and I will go alone, Mr. Gray.''I should like that awfully.'The painter bit his lip and walked over, cup in hand, to the picture. 'I shall stay with the real Dorian,' he said, sadly.
Mel Martinez|The core political values of our free society are so deeply embedded in our collective consciousness that only a few malcontents, lunatics generally, ever dare to threaten them.
Charlotte Eriksson|Build your home in small moments of joy, and you will always feel at home.
Tatiana Maslany|To win one Moonman is amazing, to win two is incredible.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Great teaching requires incredible talent and dedication, strong intellectual ability and interpersonal skill, real discipline and empathy.
Hawksley Workman, Hawksley Burns for Isadora|The church is missionary by nature because God through the Spirit calls, creates, and commissions the church to communicate to the world that the redemptive reign of God has broken into human history.
Harvey Korman|You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. That's your benchmark, that's your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.
Chris Wooding, Poison|Our stories are what we have,” Our Good Mother says. “Our stories preserve us. we give them to one another. Our stories have value. Do you understand?
Cliff Burton|With its billions of interconnected neurons, whose interactions change from millisecond to millisecond, the human brain is an archetypal complex system.
Peter Sloterdijk, You Must Change Your Life|Essentially, thought and emotion. If you make these two things unimportant, there is room for something to happen. Life is very, very simple and direct, but the mind is very complex and devious. If you do not pay any attention to it, it will settle down.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|All mystics have had psychotic breakdowns, although not all psychotics are mystics.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Poor greedy one, wherever he runs He's after food, and death is after him.(Saadi)
Cath Crowley, Words in Deep Blue|I love lying here with you, under the books.
Paul Ryan|A Romney-Ryan administration will protect and strengthen Medicare, for my Mom's generation, for my generation, and for my kids and yours.
Abraham Kuyper|I will act now. I will act now. I will act now. Henceforth, I will repeat these words each hour, each day, everyday, until the words become as much a habit as my breathing, and the action which follows becomes as instinctive as the blinking of my eyelids. With these words I can condition my mind to perform every action necessary for my success. I will act now. I will repeat these words again and again and again. I will walk where failures fear to walk. I will work when failures seek rest. I will act now for now is all I have. Tomorrow is the day reserved for the labor of the lazy. I am not lazy. Tomorrow is the day when the failure will succeed. I am not a failure. I will act now. Success will not wait. If I delay, success will become wed to another and lost to me forever. This is the time. This is the place. I am the person.
Ronald Reagan|I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Memory's truth, because memory has its own special kind. It selects, eliminates, alters, exaggerates, minimizes, glorifies, and vilifies also; but in the end it creates its own reality, its heterogeneous but usually coherent version of events; and no sane human being ever trusts someone else's version more than his own.
Ken Murray|I may not always be right, but when I am, I admit it
Keeley Hawes|I don't agree with the sentiment 'write what you know.'... I think one should write what one doesn't know. The world is bigger and wider and more complex than our small subjective selves. One should prod, goad the imagination.
Oswald Chambers|A time is coming when the whole round world will know that God reigns and that God is Love, when hell and heaven, life and death, sin and salvation, will be read and understood aright at last.
Kathryn E. Livingston|There are different kinds of judgment-making. Naturally, when we meet people, we form judgments based upon how we were taught to see the world and other people (how we were raised, what we've experienced and etc.) The first kind of judgment-making is the more commonplace thing: to judge and to write that judgment in stone. The second kind of judgment-making is the kind that I do: to judge but then to write those judgments in the sand near the shoreline where the waves lap onto, that way, if I am wrong, the waves of truth may easily wash away any judgments I have made and thus I can be malleable and shaped easily by truth rather than by preconceived notions. The second kind of judgment is crucial to life, because it allows us to appreciate people and circumstances to the fullest. It allows us to live.
Dorothea Dix|I am in favor of a foreign policy that will cultivate relations of peace with all nations, and I will never give my influence, either as a private citizen or a public servant, for war, so long as it can be honorably avoided.
Marie Rose Dufour|Theo was so pleased with her, so proud of her. In love with her, whatever love was.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In the absence of faith, our dreams will move from feasible aspirations to implausible fantasy.
Deyth Banger|My goal is to read as much as possible books, my dream is to meet the snow person, the storm person and to make something together. I will be the rain, Snowy will be the snow, Stormy will be the storm - it's not so complicated as far I see.
Gary R. Ryan|We create our own reality. The blessing (or problem) with this is that when one creates one's own reality, one must live it! Are you living a blessing or is it a curse?
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|It isn't chic for women to be drunk. Men drunks are more excusable, more easily absolved, but why? It must be thought they have better reasons.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 3: Year of the Bastard|By four o'clock, I've discounted suicide in favor of killing everyone else in the entire world instead.
Timothy J. Keller|Falling in love in a Christian way is to say,'I am excited about your future and I want to be part of getting you there. I'm signing up for the journey with you. Would you sign up for the journey to my true self with me? It's going to be hard but I want to get there.
Montel Williams|Hindered by asthma since I was six weeks old, I had begun experimenting with my diet and discovered a disquieting correlation. When I stopped eating the normal American diet of sugar, fats, alcohol, chemicals, and additives, I felt better. I could breathe freely. When I tried to sneak in a hamburger and a Coke, my body rebelled.
Sarah Weiner|Seating themselves on the greensward, they eat while the corks fly and there is talk, laughter and merriment, and perfect freedom, for the universe is their drawing room and the sun their lamp. Besides, they have appetite, Nature's special gift, which lends to such a meal a vivacity unknown indoors, however beautiful the surroundings.
Rick Perlstein|The Ohio Legislature's passed a law to allow concealed weapons in day care centers, but interesting: this same Legislature, in its wisdom, doesn't allow concealed weapons in the statehouse.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|True love is giving, not getting. Someone has said, "Love can always wait to give, but lust can never wait to get.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|A dark night, lightened up by thousands of glowing fireflies... It's magical...
Howard W. Hunter|This Christmas mend a quarrel. Seek out a forgotten friend. Dismiss suspicion and replace it with trust. Write a letter. Give a soft answer. Encourage youth. Manifest your loyalty in word and deed. Keep a promise. Forgo a grudge. Forgive an enemy. Apologize. Try to understand. Examine your demands on others. Think first of someone else. Be kind. Be gentle. Laugh a little more. Express your gratitude. Welcome a stranger. Gladden the heart of a child. Take pleasure in the beauty and wonder of the earth. Speak your love, and then speak it again.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|If I do my best and produce the best products, that is my purpose, then I shall definitely be compensated. The by product will come when the product is good.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|Who among us is greater? True humility and servant leadership is a rare and elusive attribute these days however the greatest example of this spirit is beautifully documented in John 13, verses 3-5 “Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into His hands, and that He had come from God and was going to God, rose from supper and laid aside His garments, took a towel and girded Himself. After that, He poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples’ feet, and to wipe them with the towel with which He was girded.” Just moments before this humble undertaking His disciples were arguing with each other about who among them was greater. This simple but powerful example of strength in humility should be our pattern in how we treat and consider others. Regardless of our stature, our positions in our communities and within our own families, true greatness begins and ends with a servant’s heart and a humble spirit. I submit to you, the greatest among us are those who are willing to put others before themselves. ~Jason Versey
J.M. Coetzee, Life and Times of Michael K|What would yield the greater benefit to mankind: if I spent the afternoon taking stock in my dispensary, or if I went to the beach and took off my clothes and lay in my underpants absorbing the benign spring sun, watching the children frolic in the water, later buying an ice-cream from the kiosk on the parking lot, if the kiosk is still there? What did Noël ultimately achieve labouring at his desk to balance the bodies out against the bodies in? Would he not be better off taking a nap? Maybe the universal sum of happiness would be increased if we declared this afternoon a holiday and went down to the beach, commandant, doctor, chaplain, PT instructors, guards, dog-handlers all together with the six hard cases from the detention block, leaving behind the concussion case to look after things. Perhaps we might meet some girls. For what reason were we waging the war, after all, but to augment the sum of happiness in the universe? Or was I misremembering, was that another war I was thinking of?
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I am falling, tumbling through the air, but this time the darkness is alive around me, full of beating things, and I realize that I'm not surrounded by dark but have only had my eyes closed all this time. I open them, feeling silly, and at the same time a hundred thousand butterlies take off around me, so many of them in so many brilliant colors they are like a solid rainbow, temporarily obscuring the sun. But as they wing higher and higher they reveal a landscape below us, all green and gold and sun-drenched fields and pink-tinged clouds drifting underneath me, and the air around me is clear and blue and sweet smelling, and I'm laughing, laughing, laughing as I spin through the air because, of course, I haven't been falling all the time.I've been flying.
Lisa De Jong, When It Rains|One day, perhaps, you will see for yourself that regrets are as nothing. The value lies in how they are answered.
Kenneth Branagh|I remember one day, when things were going frightfully well, I went to buy myself a really smashing car. I asked them to show me a Porsche with an automatic gearbox, and the salesman called over all the other salesmen, and they stood around absolutely roaring with laughter.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|In its proper role, a number counts the missing words.
Keith Ellison|If the relationship of father to son could really be reduced to biology, the whole earth would blaze with the glory of fathers and sons.
Debasish Mridha|A true education opens the mind and lets us see the world with wonder and joy. It teaches us to accept change with love, and it teaches us to be harmonious with humanity and nature. If any education teaches us to close our minds, to accept dogma, and to violently inhibit questioning then that is not an education. That is a prison for the mind.
Sam Jordison|Even if it's being a Beatle for the rest of my life, it's still only a temporary thing.
William Lyon Phelps|America has believed that in differentiation, not in uniformity, lies the path of progress. It acted on this belief; it has advanced human happiness, and it has prospered.
Chris Ryan MGL, In The Light Of The Cross: Reflections On The Australian Journey Of The World Youth Day Cross And Icon|There is no physical description of Christ in the Gospels, and so we are unable to know whether he was physically attractive or not. Of course, the specifications for what constitutes physical beauty are culturally conditioned and so change from place to place and from time to time. Christ's beauty then does not stem from physical attractiveness. It's rather the 'harsh' beauty of a God Who has given Himself so completely in love that it takes Him to the most ignominous death, on the Cross. Bruno Forte writes: 'Christ, the crucified God, is the place where beauty happens: in His self-emptying, eternity is present in time, the All Who is God is present in the fragment of Christ's human form (cf. Phil 2:6ff.). It is the cross that reveals the beauty that saves'. Christ is beautiful because He is Love incarnate, and, in a world disfigured by sin, that love is necessarily manifest in His suffering for others. This means that in our broken, marred condition, the shape of deepest beauty is cruciform.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|If man is not made in the image of God, nothing then stands in the way of inhumanity. There is no good reason why mankind should be perceived as special. Human life is cheapened. We can see this in many of the major issues being debated in our society today: abortion, infanticide, euthanasia, the increase of child abuse and violence of all kinds, pornography ... , the routine torture of political prisoners in many parts of the world, the crime explosion, and the random violence which surrounds us.
Samuel R. Delany, Babel-17|Do you follow the wrestling? Most people think it's illegal, but you can watch it there. Ruby and Python are on display this evening.
E.J. Stevens, Legend of Witchtrot Road|I’m trying to decide whether to tell you two to get a room or go barf in the trash can,” Emma said. “I’m leaning toward the second choice. You are both getting way too weird. And gross.”Cal barked out a laugh and slid his fingers down my arm to entwine with mine. His touch, and Emma’s comments, only made me blush more. Looks like Emma saw Cal lick my face after all. Now that wasn’t awkward or anything.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I used to worry about tomorrow, but that was before I survived yesterday. Now it's one breath at a time.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Casy said solemnly, "This here ol' man jus' lived a life an' just died out of it. I don't know whether he was good or bad, but that don't matter much. He was alive, an' that's what matters. An' now his dead, an' that don't matter...
John Marmysz, Laughing at Nothing: Humor as a Response to Nihilism|I think I am going to have to supercharge my optimism to arm myself for the battle ahead. Trust me, it is going to be a battle.
Katy Tackes, Each Time She Wakes|The vessel dies, but the Spirit lives on.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|One of the most effective ways to empower a group is to help them get finance.Yes, money.Whether it be women, minority groups etc.Without economic independence, freedom is a hoax
Chloe Neill, Midnight Marked|Sometimes you got to lie on the outside to keep your voice loud on the inside. We don’t owe the master the truth. He owes us. Nothing comes from the master. He is the thief in the night. He steals it all. And every time we have to say ‘yes sir’ and ‘no sir,’ he steals some more. But we can survive it, if we stay loud in here,” she said, throwing a fist hard against her breast.
John Bruna|Today is sacred - for it will never come again. What could be more important than living this day with attention and the intention to be of benefit, to the best of your ability, to all you encounter?
Bryan Adams|I love my past, I love my present. I am not ashamed of what I have had, and I am not sad because I no longer have it.
William Lloyd Garrison|We are going to emancipate ourselves from mental slavery, for though others may free the body, none but ourselves can free the mind. Mind is our only ruler; sovereign.
Jack Kerouac|Fate is an excuse for people who are too stupid or too weak to make their own future," he said.
Jen Sincero, You Are a Badass: How to Stop Doubting Your Greatness and Start Living an Awesome Life|There is a great Hindu story about a lady who wanted to meet the god Krishna. So she went into the forest, closed her eyes, and prayed and meditated on making the god appear and lo and behold, Krishna tapped the lady on the shoulder, she, without opening her eyes, told him to get lost because she was busy meditating on a very important goal. When we get so wrapped up in our heads, we miss out on what's available to us right now in the moment.
Beem Weeks|Some people, though related by blood, are as sworn enemies. Others, bound only by friendship, would die for one another.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.
Debasish Mridha|The moment you feel joy, the moment you laugh and change your perception, you change your immunity, your body chemistry, and your whole well-being.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|I was shut off from my body; I had barely thought about sexuality or longing. Up until this point, my sexual experiences had felt business like or even transactional...I hadn't been suppressing urges or denying my needs. I didn't feel like I had any, not corporeal ones. My journal entries from that time speak to depression and feelings of isolation, fears that a friend would leave, a sense that I had been responsible for my mother's departure and would therefore cause anyone I loved or needed to leave. I was still spending most of my time in my head. I was removed from my own feelings.
Anton Chekhov|When describing nature, a writer should seize upon small details, arranging them so that the reader will see an image in his mind after he closes his eyes. For instance: you will capture the truth of a moonlit night if you'll write that a gleam like starlight shone from the pieces of a broken bottle, and then the dark, plump shadow of a dog or wolf appeared. You will bring life to nature only if you don't shrink from similes that liken its activities to those of humankind.", May 10, 1886)
Ryan Galloway, Biome|A better understanding is a good factor in all things for it gives good reasons for good actions, but to come to a certain understanding, you need to get a certain understanding!
Ross  Turner, Midnight|The decision of their fates lay elsewhere, and the thought of that alone was utterly terrifying.
Patricia L. Meek|For all its complexity, however, astrology remains fundamentally simple. It offers a time-honored system of symbols that sum up key aspects of human life while providing profound insights and practical guidance.
Marian Keyes, Anybody Out There?|I couldn’t be with people and I didn’t want to be alone. Suddenly my perspective whooshed and I was far out in space, watching the world. I could see millions and millions of people, all slotted into their lives; then I could see me—I’d lost my place in the universe. It had closed up and there was nowhere for me to be. I was more lost than I had known it was possible for any human being to be.
Erwin Raphael McManus, The Artisan Soul: Crafting Your Life into a Work of Art|Who told you that you were naked? Who have you been listening to?..'This is a tragic reminder that we humans have the strange capacity to live a soulless life. Our inner voice was never supposed to be simply an echo. Our inner voice was always to resonate with the voice of God. Every other voice will either make us less than we were intended to be or convince us that we are more than we really are. Neither self-loathing nor self-worship helps us find our authentic voice. It is only when our inner voice responds to the voice of God that we begin to truly find to find our own voice. As critical as it is for us to understand that art is always an extension of ourselves, the creative act is also an expression of our essence. It is equally important for us to realize that our guiding narrative determines the story we tell through our lives. Our inner voice not only informs us of who we are, but affects everything we touch. And in the end, becomes the driving force through which we strive to shape the world around us. The principal creative act described in Genesis chapter 1 begins with God speaking the universe into existence. God speaks out of who He is and everything in creation is a declaration of His glory.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Because school, no matter how insignificant and annoying it may seem as we get older and can't wait to get away, sets us on our life's path. It's plants ideas for us to thrive upon, teaches us where we want to go and who we want to be - feeding us the notion that our dreams are limitless, that we can do anything if we believe in it enough and truly set our minds to it. But, best of all, it encourages us to seek friendships of others, to learn to lean on them for support and to console them in return. After all, it's the people you meet along the way who really make a lasting impression and who will, if your lucky, stick with you for the rest of your life.
Saket Assertive|When the words have been said and the music has been played, feelingsare the only form of art which will remain to reign.
Charles Dickens, The Mystery of Edwin Drood|I loved you madly; in the distasteful work of the day, in the wakeful misery of the night, girded by sordid realities, or wandering through Paradises and Hells of visions into which I rushed, carrying your image in my arms, I loved you madly.
Odilon Redon|Toutes les erreurs de la critique commises à mon égard, à mes débuts, furent qu'elle ne vit pas qu'il ne fallait rien définir, rien comprendre, rien limiter, rien préciser, parce que tout ce qui est sincèrement et docilement nouveau - comme le beau d'ailleurs, porte sa signification en soi-même. La désignation par un titre mis à mes dessins est quelquefois de trop, pour ainsi dire. Le titre n'y est justifié que lorsqu'il est vague, indéterminé, et visant même confusément à l'équivoque. Mes dessins inspirent et ne se définissent pas. Ils ne déterminent rien. Ils nous placent, ainsi que la musique, dans le monde ambigu de l'indéterminé. Ils sont une sorte de métaphore.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|[Death] is a safety-device because, once Man has fallen, natural immortality would be the one utterly hopeless destiny for him.
Elizabeth F. Howell, The Dissociative Mind|Chronic trauma (according to the meaning I propose) that occurs early in life has profound effects on personality development and can lead to the development of dissociative identity disorder (DID), other dissociative disorders, personality disorders, psychotic thinking, and a host of symptoms such as anxiety, depression, eating disorders, and substance abuse. In my view, DID is simply an extreme version of the dissociative structure of the psyche that characterizes us all.
Denise Stark|I loved him with my eyes closed and my heart wide-open. And, when my naked soul saw his for the first time--it was like looking into a mirror. I recognized myself, in him, in an instant. It were as though my own reflection was staring back at me. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide; for, our souls had shared the same hiding place. I had loved his soul, first.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature|Literature was not born the day when a boy crying "wolf, wolf" came running out of the Neanderthal valley with a big gray wolf at his heels; literature was born on the day when a boy came crying "wolf, wolf" and there was no wolf behind him.
Kenneth Eade, Unreasonable Force|Decisions by committee are almost always long in coming and dead wrong. A world-changing vision comes from one person, not five or or twenty or a hundred, and more often than not, the best of plans are laid to waste by the many.
Leigh Brackett, The Long Tomorrow|On both sides of the highway I could see the rows of little frame houses, all alike, as if there were only one architect in the city and he had a magnificent obsession.
Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot|The dead appear to us in dreams because that's the only way they can make us see them; what we see is only a projection, beamed from a great distance, light shining at us from a dead star...
Justin Ordoñez, Sykosa|The counselor says that with more time and more surgeries, I will begin to feel normal again. She says this with a mouth that can still smile. It’s so easy to be reassuring when you have lips.
Criss Jami, Healology|It is a harsh reality that some of the most important and respectable jobs which deserve high salaries might be better off with low salaries. A politician, or a minister, or a teacher is sure to be working sincerely and selflessly for the good of the people when through and through there is little monetary reward guaranteed. This is how the charlatans are weeded out of the field.
Kerry Reichs|We did musical chairs to sit with our partner. Glasses were refilled and heads bent in pairs. Looking over the table, I was suffused with affection for my friends. If you could bottle this warm feeling and turn it into words, I thought, that would be the perfect toast.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|I love the word 'dream.'For some, it’s something that’s completely unattainable, yet for others, completely attainable.Choose your definition wisely.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|Stop looking for the path of least resistance and start running down the path of greatest glory to God and good to others, because that's what Jesus, the Real Man, did.
Christopher Moore, Fool|If they gave him an enema, he could be buried in a matchbox.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You are theremedy of intensityi need in my life, tospin me out of themiserable monotonyof working on life'sdaily assemblylines.
|When you overlook the small blessings in your life, chances are that no amount of blessings would ever make you happy.
Stephen King|Schizoid behavior is a pretty common thing in children. It's accepted, because all we adults have this unspoken agreement that children are lunatics.
Shampa Sharma|Pray, which day is not a women's day!?!
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Everything I see reminds me that in a few days I shall no longer see it... It's horrible... I shall see nothing more... nothing of what exists... the smallest objects that we use... glasses... plates... beds where people sleep so comfortably... carriages. It's so lovely, going out in a carriage, in the evening... How much I enjoyed all that!
Edward Abbey|As people grow older, some of the ways they have contributed in the past may no longer be possible, but the challenge to society is not only to provide help and care where these are needed but also to offer the opportunity to contribute and care for others [p. 8]
Michael Barbarulo|If your fancied god hates those you hate, then, this bumbling idiot is as little, and as buggered, as you are, O' little one.
Alfred Wegener, The Origin of Continents and Oceans|My father nodded. His nod was for me. Different. But not different at all. My father understood. Maybe he had known. Maybe he hadn't. It didn't matter anymore. He understood. I knew he understood, just from his nod, just from his eyes on mine, making his eyes kind for me, and the wave of pain went away for a moment.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|You're warning me off. There's no need, I assure you. At this moment in time, my only ambition is to get myself through the day ---" He broke off, realising too late what he'd admitted, remembering, suddenly, why he had kissed her in the first place. And now he'd given her the perfect opening to start again.But to his surprise, her expression softened. "Yes," she said. "That is how I have felt since --- since." She blinked rapidly, and forced a smile. "It is a good thing, this -- this---between us, because now I know that I am recovering myself...
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|And that someone would pay. Revenge is a cold bedfellow, Diana had said, but Emma didn't believe that. Revenge would let her think about her parents without a cold knot forming in her stomach. She would be able to dream without seeing their drowned faces and hearing their voices cry out for her help.
Emma Raveling, Breaking Measures|The concrete floor beneath the airbed was hard and uncompromising, digging into her back and making it difficult to breathe. The stale air reeked of disinfectant and shit. And something else that she couldn't quite place. Death, perhaps?
Søren Kierkegaard, Journals and Papers, Vol 1: A-E|Bear one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ." Ladies and gentlemen, this is what Christianity is all about. God never intended for us to walk this world alone, and Christ did not die for us to keep His love all to ourselves.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|If passion was a substance I would say it is dark brown, and then blood red. It's like wet grass, tons of it soaked in mud. It's warm and it stinks like shit and it's unaccountably and endlessly good. It's thick and it goes on for miles and it isn't so much deep as bottomless and it holds you in its grip, you never drown. And then it goes. That's all you know.
Debasish Mridha|Live, love and enjoy the present moment. This moment is the pearl of your precious life.
Maggie Gyllenhaal|Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.
Karen Tjebben, Scintillate|After Nick rescued Kate from an attack at the football game they talk as he drives her home. "I said that because I really did see a monster." I looked at Nick as we turned a corner in the road. "You don't think I'm crazy do you?"I like that quote because it symbolizes the transition in Kate's life. She has turned a corner in her life. She unknowingly has left the path of childish freedom and started down a path of danger and responsibility.
Paul David Tripp|She was like a queen who beholds the virgin soil of her kingdom invaded and wasted by a traitor.Any other thing she would have pardoned: infidelity, indifference, cruelty, any sins of manhood's caprice or passion, but who should pardon this? The sin was not alone against herself; it was against every law of decency and truth that ever she had been taught to hold sacred; it was against all those great dead, who lay with the cross on their breasts and their swords by their side, from whom she had received and treasured the traditions of honor and purity of race.It was those dead knights whom he had smote upon the mouth and mocked, crying to them: 'Lo! your place is mine; my sons will reign in your stead. I have tainted your race forever; for every my blood flows with yours!'The greatness of a race is a thing far higher than mere pride. Its instincts are noble and supreme. Its obligations are no less than its privileges; it is a great light which streams backward through the darkness of the ages, and if by that light you guide not your footsteps, then are you thrice accursed, holding as you do that lamp of honor in your hands.So she had always thought, and now he had dashed the lamp in the dust.--"Wanda
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world accommodates you for fitting in, but only rewards you for standing out.
Thomas Jefferson|Ah! Young people, travel if you can, and if you cannot - travel all the same!
Jay Woodman|Having no need to judge, control, react, so forgiveness does not even arise.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|Every person is the master of his or her own destiny. What we think about alters our character. Our character organizes our personality, and our personality scripts how successfully we interact with other people and respond to a changing environment.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|Once we got to eating, the idea of happiness returned to me. Not the feeling, the idea. Would a regular girl be happy simply eating a hot meal with a great deal of chew to it? Maybe happiness is a simple thing. Maybe it's as simple as the salty taste of pork, and the vast deal of chewing in it, and how, when the chew is gone, you can still scrape at the bone with your bottom teeth and suck at the marrow.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|It's not how you start, it's how you finish.
Douglas Copeland|If you launch a career doing something you don't really like, that even if you're successful, you won't feel successful, and you'll be contemptuous of your own success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All times are valuable; the past, present and the future.
Mary McCarthy|[S]ecrets are like stars. They blaze inside the heart and ultimately could be explosive. But there are two types of secrets. Small secrets, like small stars, will eventually burn out. With time and space they lose their importance and simply vanish. No harm done. But big secrets, like massive stars, with time and constant fear grow stronger, creating a gravitational pull that eventually ... When they get so big, they become a black hole.
Phil Collins|Some of us stay married because we're in competition with our divorcing 1960s and 1970s parents, who made such a hash of it. What looks appealing to us now, in an increasingly frenetic, digital world, is the 1950s marriage.
Nancy Mairs, Voice Lessons: On Becoming a (Woman) Writer|In the grammar of the phallus -- the I, I, I -- [woman] can't utter female experience.
Jesse Eisenberg|In an era of unprecedented medical innovation, we have to do more to ensure that patients facing terminal illnesses have access to potentially life-saving treatments.
Sylvain Neuvel, Sleeping Giants|I think people are scared, and dumb, and selfish on their own, but put enough of them together and they'll be half-decent
Kristin Kimball|Taking solitude in stride was a sign of strength and of a willingness to take care of myself. This meant - among other things - working productively, remembering to leave the house, and eating well. I thought about food all the time. I had a subscription to Gourmet and Food & Wine. Cooking for others had often been my way of offering care. So why, when I was alone, did I find myself trying to subsist on cereal and water? I'd need to learn to cook for one.
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|We found it!" Charlotte yelled, as they ran back through the house. "We found it, we found it!"Eddie, Mr. Mallery, and Colonel Andrews came from separate directions, converging in the front hall. Miss Charming was hopping up and down, her bosom nearly rising to slap her own forehead.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Our community deserves leaders who should know what debates and arguments are better conducted out of the public eye, instead of dumping their baskets of dirty laundry all over the internet. Our community deserves leaders who do not put political expedience or convenience before their commitments to those they supposedly represent. Our community deserves leaders who do not make about-turns on issues such as freedom of speech and accountability to the community they serve when it becomes too embarrassing for them, or too uncomfortable. Our community deserves leaders who can and want to work together, not fling their handbags at each other, hissing like drama queens.
Chuck Palahniuk|Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home… it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
P!nk|Manage me, I'm a mess Turn a page, I'm a book Half unread
Veronica Roth, Divergent|A son says to his Mother: "Mother, today I fought with my friend."His Mother says: "Why did you fight with your friend?""Because he demanded something of me, and I would not give it to him.""Why did you not give it to him?""Because it was mine.""My son, you now have possessions, but you do not have your friend. Which would you rather have?""My friend.""Then give freely, trusting that you will also be given what you need.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|All roads lead to Johannesburg. If you are white or if you are black they lead to Johannesburg. If the crops fail, there is work in Johannesburg. If there are taxes to be paid, there is work in Johannesburg. If the farm is too small to be divided further, some must go to Johannesburg. If there is a child to be born that must be delivered in secret, it can be delivered in Johannesburg.
Rand Miller, The Book of Atrus|If you act for self-gain then no good can come of it. If you act selflessly, then you act well for all and you must not be afraid.
Lawrence Kudlow|If we build the legal immigration system better, then they come here, and we'll have a whole lot less illegal immigration.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|I appreciate your thinking on me, marshal, but ain’t no trouble of his what ain’t trouble of mine, too.
Katharine Whitehorn|It is healthier  in any case  to write for the adults one's children will become than for the children one's "mature" critics often are.
V.E. Schwab|People survived by being cautious, but they got ahead by being bold.
Zoë Heller, What Was She Thinking? [Notes on a Scandal]|Never attempt to apply logic to madness, for there is none; it is the nature of madness to be illogical.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|Don’t you know that’s what college is about...students spending years gathering useless information they’ll never use again, going hopelessly into debt, just so they feel smarter than the rest of their family? I mean, that’s why I worked so hard to get here, anyway.
Maureen Johnson, The Madness Underneath|Ooo la la! That kiss was fine, and it was full of all the words I didn't need to say.
Sharon Law Tucker|Don't be afraid to say "No". It's empowering. Remember, a "Yes" is a commitment. Give them wisely.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|I think you’re wrong,” she said. “I don’t think humans were supposed to die out during the Infection. And I think those of us who survived have a duty to protect the next generation. We’re starting over, Justin. We’re rebuilding the world. And this time, we’re going to make it even better.” ~ Carly Daniels
Juan Felipe Herrera|Doctoral training is devoted almost entirely to learning to do research, even though most Ph.Ds who enter academic life spend far more time teaching than they do conducting experiments or writing books.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|The best lies are based on thetruth, at least in part
Elvis Costello|You think you're alone until you realize you're in it.Now fear is here to stay, love is here for a visit.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|He looked out over the shirtless, muscled, tanned men and realised that right here, on this disco floor, there was such a concentration of fashion, slimming, money, bleaching, plastic surgery, psychotherapy – and all for naught. In a few years they’d all be old walruses, and in a few more, dead.
Kate Kerrigan, The Miracle of Grace|We both grew so used to each other, so comfortable with the naturalness and ease of our friendship, that we became sloppy about keeping our relationship a secret. It was not that we were physically demonstrative or obviously in love, more that it had become impossible for us to hide our close involvement. We had gradually acquired the unmistakable air of old-love: finishing each other's sentences and speaking to each other with an offhand, presuming intimacy that was eventually noticed.
Anna Godbersen, Splendor|There's nothing in this courtyard, after all, that wasn't here in 1977; maybe it's not this year but that one, and everything that follows is still to come ... For if the evidence points to anything, it's that there is no one unitary City. Or if there is, it's the sum of thousands of variations, all jockeying for the same spot. This may be wishful thinking; still, I can't help imagining that the points of contact between this place and my own lost city healed incompletely, left the scars I'm feeling for when I send my head up the fire escapes and toward the blue square of freedom beyond. And you out there: Aren't you somehow right here with me? I mean, who doesn't still dream of a world other than this one? Who among us--if it means letting go of the insanity, the mystery, the totally useless beauty of the million once-possible New Yorks--is ready even now to give up hope?
Ha-Joon Chang, Economics: The User's Guide|Economics is a political argument. It is not – and can never be – a science; there are no objective truths in economics that can be established independently of political, and frequently moral, judgements. Therefore, when faced with an economic argument, you must ask the age-old question ‘Cui bono?’ (Who benefits?), first made famous by the Roman statesman and orator Marcus Tullius Cicero.
Aurelia B. Rowl, Popping the Cherry|Well that’s open to debate,’ he said. 'It sounds like a recipe for disaster to me, and I hate the thought of you throwing yourself at guys just to try and get laid. Christ, I’d do you myself if I thought it would keep you safe.’‘Now that’s true friendship,’ I said, cracking under the severity of his tone.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t know your destination, how will you get there?
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|Indelible, adj.That first night, you took your finger and pointed to the top of my head, then traced a line between my eyes, down my nose, over my lips, my chin, my neck, to the center of my chest. It was so surprising. I knew I would never mimic it. That one gesture would be yours forever.
Mike Bond, Killing Maine|Everything starts from home. If the father isn’t there, then the friends are going to step up to influence the young boy astray. This is where the problems come in, because in my community the majority of the children do not have any fathers in the home. I can only speak for my community. This is why with the young guys who do hang around me, I always do my best to encourage them. I have already lived the negative side on the streets, so I prefer to encourage them on the positive side - to encourage them to get a job, save their money and to do something for their families.Franco ‘Co’ Bethel, former gang leader and right hand man to Scrooge.
Shaun Hick|A night of crying has silenced me. This morning it seems the whole world is against me. I've never before felt so barren, so empty. I've never before thought the daylight to be ... my enemy. My enemy.
Lisa Taylor|There was an old man who said  "How Shall I flee from this horrible cow? I will sit on this stile  and continue to smile  Which may soften the heart of that cow."
Elie Wiesel|Half of Syria's refugees are children, and we know what can happen to children who grow to adulthood without hope or opportunity in refugee camps. The camps become fertile recruiting grounds for violent extremists.
Rainer Maria Rilke|We men dream dreams, we work magic, we do good, we do evil. The dragons do not dream. They are dreams. They do not work magic: it is their substance, their being. They do not do; they are.
Jeffrey D. Sachs|History is written by the rich, and so the poor get blamed for everything.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|Or how does it happen that trade, which after all is nothing more than the exchange of products of various individuals and countries, rules the whole world through the relation of supply and demand—a relation which, as an English economist says, hovers over the earth like the fate of the ancients, and with invisible hand allots fortune and misfortune to men, sets up empires and overthrows empires, causes nations to rise and to disappear—while with the abolition of the basis of private property, with the communistic regulation of production (and implicit in this, the destruction of the alien relation between men and what they themselves produce), the power of the relation of supply and demand is dissolved into nothing, and men get exchange, production, the mode of their mutual relation, under their own control again?
Edward St. Aubyn, Lost for Words|Write the words "The FIve Senses" on an index card and tack it to a bulletin board above your desk. You should have a bulletin board above your desk, if at all possible. Some place where you can tack images, quotes, postcards, scraps of thoughts and ideas that will help remind you of you you are and what you're doing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Leave beauty marks in the lives of those you meet, not scars.
William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!|We have a few old mouth-to-mouth tales; we exhume from old trunks and boxes and drawers letters without salutation or signature, in which men and women who once lived and breathed are now merely initials or nicknames out of some now incomprehensible affection which sound to us like Sanskrit or Chocktaw; we see dimly people, the people in whose living blood and seed we ourselves lay dormant and waiting, in this shadowy attenuation of time possessing now heroic proportions, performing their acts of simple passion and simple violence, impervious to time and inexplicable.
Debra Dunbar, A Demon Bound|I asked you a question. What are you doing here?"Resting his elbows on the side of the tub, he smiled lazily. She hated it when he smiled lazily. "Waiting for the bubbles to evaporate," he said.
D.D. Barant|What was it, she wondered, that made some people give up and others fight harder? Where was her fight? She was out.
Vicky Dreiling, How to Marry a Duke|Count this as a mere taste, sweetheart, of all the pleasure I can give you. Marry me and let me show you more. Be mine, and I'll take you on a journey the likes of which you've ever only imagined. ~~ Adam to Mallory
Anna Kendrick|The great thing about getting older is that you become more mellow. Things aren't as black and white, and you become much more tolerant. You can see the good in things much more easily rather than getting enraged as you used to do when you were young.
Alexander McCall Smith, Chance Developments: Unexpected Love Stories|The first love disappears, but never goes. That ache becomes reconciliation.
Michael Benzehabe|Being articulate is no guarantee of intelligence,” Zoe said. “I’m not doubting the value of education. I’m doubting its reach. Highly educated politicians still do stupid things. Anthony Weiner was educated; Mugabi was educated; Assad was educated; Mussolini was educated. For all their education, look at them.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|When adversity hits, reframe the challenge and find lessons learned; acknowledge gifts that have come from the pain.
Nora Roberts, Summer Pleasures|He smiled at me shyly and took a step closer. I froze, heart pounding, as he put one hand on my cheek and leaned toward me. I swallowed, gazing up at him with what I hoped was an expectant (and not alarmed) expression. He bent his head toward mine and...
Viktor E. Frankl|When a person can't find a deep sense of meaning, they distract themselves with pleasure.
Anna Held|Marriage is anti-romantic - husband and wife are terms like 'turkey' and 'goose.' Worse, they denote ownership.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|How often does it occur that information provided you on morning radio or television, or in the morning newspaper, causes you to alter your plans for the day, or to take some action you would not otherwise have taken, or provides insight into some problem you are required to solve? For most of us, news of the weather will sometimes have consequences; for investors, news of the stock market; perhaps an occasional story about crime will do it, if by chance it occurred near where you live or involved someone you know. But most of our daily news is inert, consisting of information that gives us something to talk about but cannot lead to any meaningful action...You may get a sense of what this means by asking yourself another series of questions: What steps do you plan to take to reduce the conflict in the Middle East? Or the rates of inflation, crime and unemployment? What are your plans for preserving the environment or reducing the risk of nuclear war? What do you plan to do about NATO, OPEC, the CIA, affirmative action, and the monstrous treatment of the Baha’is in Iran? I shall take the liberty of answering for you: You plan to do nothing about them. You may, of course, cast a ballot for someone who claims to have some plans, as well as the power to act. But this you can do only once every two or four years by giving one hour of your time, hardly a satisfying means of expressing the broad range of opinions you hold. Voting, we might even say, is the next to last refuge of the politically impotent. The last refuge is, of course, giving your opinion to a pollster, who will get a version of it through a desiccated question, and then will submerge it in a Niagara of similar opinions, and convert them into—what else?—another piece of news. Thus, we have here a great loop of impotence: The news elicits from you a variety of opinions about which you can do nothing except to offer them as more news, about which you can do nothing.
Jennifer A. Girardin, The Monday Criminologist|Crime is an attitude learnt overtime and can be as a result of condition of place one has found himself. Crime can be graded, so it's possible environment can affect high class rich and low class poor. Therefore criminal justice system is supposed to be graded as to achieve equity in result.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|When you forgive yourself, you free yourself from memories which aren’t serving you anymore.
Suzy Davies|Writing is like scrambling up a hill on all fours; you arrive halfway up, and you are committed - you want to reach the summit, yet you must stop, to gather your strength and will. When you have climbed to the summit, you stop, catch your breath, and take in the vista. You wonder how you made it. Then, you make your decent, somewhat subdued, all the while planning your next ascent, your next attempt to touch the sky. The memory of your climb leaves you with one impression - the idea that it gets easier, over time.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I believe in God, who controls every sacred-event.
Thomas Sowell, Black Rednecks and White Liberals|External explanations of black-white differences — discrimination or poverty, for example—seem to many to be more amenable to public policy than internal explanations such as culture. Those with this point of view tend to resist cultural explanations but there is yet another reason why some resist understanding the counterproductive effects of an anachronistic culture: Alternative explanations of economic and social lags provide a more satisfying ability to blame all such lags on the sins of others, such as racism or discrimination. Equally important, such external explanations require no painful internal changes in the black population but leave all changes to whites, who are seen as needing to be harangued, threatened, or otherwise forced to change.In short, prevailing explanations provide an alibi for those who lag—and an alibi is for many an enormously valuable asset that they are unlikely to give up easily.
Alin Sav|Never stop dreaming, but please stop sleeping!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Science says that there are many more universes apart from ours. In that case, even when we think universally, we still think locally!
Katie Aselton|People ask if I feel pigeon-holed by always doing the same kind of humorous role. But my tool has always been humor because it's the most entertaining way to put any ideology across, and it's fun, and it's positive, and it's a healer. Laughter is God's gift. I feel privileged to be able to do it.
Rebecca Solnit|Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change; where we are right, make us easy to live with.
Karel Capek|I cannot separate the finances of India from those of England. If the finances of the Indian Government receive any severe and irreparable check, will not the resources of England be called upon to meet the emergency, and to supply the deficiency?
Dianne Harman Coyote in Provence|Pork and chicken grease, the aromatics of choice for the Cajun.
Tom Upton, Pants on Fire|Some people are born to weirdness,” Jerry said, “and others have weirdness thrust upon them.
Douglas Coupland|Life is boring. People are vengeful. Good things always end. We do so many things and we don’t know why, and if we do find out why, it’s decades later and knowing why doesn’t matter any more.
Tyson Fury|From China and India to Turkey and Brazil, when women have gotten access to education, to family planning and to a vital place in the economy, greater prosperity has followed. And when women are free to speak and learn, they temper the extremes of ideology and fanaticism and raise sons who are less likely to become human bombs.
Edward Carey, Observatory Mansions|Though we longed not to be lonely, we also feared the pain it would take us to be brought out of our lonely states. And after that fear, could we be guaranteed that we would never be returned to a state of loneliness again? We could not.
Matti Phyre|I'd rather be called immature in those little moments, than be mature and live the rest of my life with those little regrets.
Noam Chomsky|I always found the extraordinary loss of life in the First World War very moving. I remember learning about it as a very young child, as an eight- or nine-year-old, asking my teachers what poppies were for. Every year the teachers would suddenly wear these red paper flowers in their lapels, and I would say 'What does that mean?'
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|But literature is unique. To understand literature, you read it with your head, but you interpret it with your heart. The two are forced to work together-and, quite frankly, they often don't get along.
Ashly Lorenzana|I'm not crying out for help, but I am sharing my experience in the hopes that readers will get something out of it. I'm not the one who gets to decide what that is, if anything. I'm just starting the "journey" if you will, so I can't possibly know yet what the "message" of my life really is. I only know what has happened so far, and how I've felt up until this moment. I agree that reading about the pain of others is concerning when they are still hurting and in the same situation as when they wrote about it. But what can you do? You can reach out, ask how you can help and be there to listen. You can't save someone who doesn't want to be saved. You can't love someone who doesn't love themselves enough to take care of themselves and stay out of bad situations. Believe me, I know this.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|Our elite believe in a new trinity of equality, democracy and diversity. Indeed, after the Cold War, we declared the spread of democracy worldwide to be our historic mission and national goal.
Martha Brockenbrough, The Game of Love and Death|If life didn't end,' he said, 'there would be no need for me. To choose love in the face if death is the ultimate act of courage. I am the joy, but you are the meaning. Together, we make humanity more that it otherwise might have been.
Lyndon B. Johnson|I insist that the question of the future is how best to keep these millions from brooding over the wrongs of the past and difficulties of the present, so that all their energies may be bent toward a cheerful striving and cooperation with their white neighbors toward a larger, juster, and fuller future
Katherine Intac|This is our skin and nobody has the right to crumple us like a paper only to find another skin to write on, and then another, ruining people like they’re pages, like they are somehow replaceable. Because that will only leave our delicate and fragile selves into a tattered mess.
Colin Wilson, The Occult|Religion, mysticism and magic all spring from the same basic 'feeling' about the universe: a sudden feeling of meaning, which human beings sometimes 'pick up' accidentally, as your radio might pick up some unknown station. Poets feel that we are cut off from meaning by a thick, lead wall, and that sometimes for no reason we can understand the wall seems to vanish and we are suddenly overwhelmed with a sense of the infinite interestingness of things.
John Kendrick Bangs, Ghosts I Have Met, and Some Others|Curious," it said. "What you call your decent self doesn't dare look me in the eye! What a mistake people make who say that the man who won't look you in the eye is not to be trusted! As if mere brazenness were a sign of honesty; really, the theory of decency is the most amusing thing in the world.
Cindy Vine, C U @ 8|In books and movies, all the loose ends are tired, things are resolved, mysteries are solved, they catch the killer, the boy gets the girl, a sick baby is miraculously healed. In reality it doesn't always work that way. The killer gets away, the girl is in love with another boy, things just get buried under new dramas and don't get resolved. Life is far more complicated than the life depicted in a book or a movie.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|We were quiet, two tiny specks glued down by gravity, peering at a universe that didn't notice us back.
J.D. Stroube, Soul Awakened|Once I embraced the dreams that once inspired. Now I've found that there is too much I didn't recognize as a gift. I may be too late to see, cherish, and endure. I may never change, but be forever stuck in the past without realizing until my eyes open to the sun and I have forgotten the moon.
Robert Pozen|There's definitely evidence that capitalism at its most ruthless rewards psychopathic behavior. When you look at the worst corners of the American health insurance industry or the sub-prime banking market, it really feels like the more psychopathically someone behaves, the more it's rewarded.
Maribel C. Pagan|One sure way to excel in life, be fabulous and fantastic is to know your fears and deal with them with fierce.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|I don’t believe in prayer, but I do believe in magic, and I want to believe in miracles.
Michelle Warren, He + She|I can’t take any more of being careful around her. I want her. Not just for now, but for always.—HEW
Lynn Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|Before civilization, artists painted for the living. Today, most paint for a living.
Kendal Rob|The soul often hangs in a balance of some sort. Tonight do I lie down in the high fields with Dirk Tanner or not? At the fair, do I buy ribbons or wine? For the new ferry’s headboard, do I use camphor or pearwood? Small things. A kiss, a ribbon, a grain that coaxes the knife this way or that. They are not, Kit Meinem of Atyar. Our souls wait for our answer because any answer changes us. This is why I wait to decide what I feel about your bridge. I’m waiting until I know how I will be changed.”	“You never know how things will change you,” Kit said.	“If you don’t, you have not waited to find out.
Sotero M Lopez II|When you master the art of work, then your life becomes a work of art...and you're the artist and no one else paints your life for you.
Daniel Gyorki|The masculine ideal of perfection creates a hyper-sensitivity to any nuance of imperfection. Any man who commits his life to the perfectionistic ideal of masculinity is going to feel like a failure. The people around him will feel abused and oppressed by him. The only way to do things is his way, the right way, the ideal way. Every man who succeeds at this game will wind up in the same place: Alone in his victory. At the top of the pyramid there’s no room for anyone else.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Seeing with your soul will bless you with greater capacity for awe and wonder, for joy and for appreciation of all the quiet miracles that happen all around us every day when we stop to look and admire.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Those who complain much get little, those who complain little get much.
Catherine de Hueck Doherty|Only later did I come to understand that to be a mother is to be an illusion. No matter how vigilant, in the end a mother can't protect her child - not from pain, or horror, or the nightmare of violence, from sealed trains moving rapidly in the wrong direction, the depravity of strangers, trapdoors, abysses, fires, cars in the rain, from chance.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|Mood’s a thing for cattle or for making love. You fight when the necessity arises, no matter your mood.
Unknown|Together forever, never apart. Sometimes in distance, but never in heart.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|In my way of thinking, anything is possible. Life is at the bottom of things and belief at the top, while the creative impulse, dwelling in the center, informs all.
Aron Ra|That's what drives science though: trying to find out the way things are, the way they were, and the way it really works. If that is your goal, then you want to make sure that your information is accurate, and if it's not, then it doesn't matter how much you liked that old urban legend or fictional factoid you once bought into. You will discard it, and be embarrassed by it, seeking instead for truth.
Pixie Lynn Whitfield, Chasing Dirt Roads|Before I could respond, I looked out the window again and as if in response to my thoughts, I saw Cooper walking up my driveway. My jaw dropped. I peeked around the kitchen doorframe. Mom was still lost to the television. I turned and looked out the window to make sure I wasn’t hallucinating. No, it was really him. And he had a horse walking beside him. How clichéd could it get?
Sonia Sotomayor Goodreads is over capacity. You can never have too many books but Goodreads can some|Anger is an agro-chemical that makes self-destruction to grow faster. Like a stone thrown upward, all angry people eventually fall down into the dirty ditch of sorrowful self-harm and a pathetic loss of real-self.
Annie Leibovitz|When it comes down to it, it's giving people a good night out in a basic way and I think my company guarantees that. There's always something new and something to excite us and surprise us, and that's why people come back, I hope.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|A child's cry touches a father's heart, and our King is the Father of his people. If we can do no more than cry it will bring omnipotence to our aid. A cry is the native language of a spiritually needy soul; it has done with fine phrases and long orations, and it takes to sobs and moans; and so, indeed, it grasps the most potent of all weapons, for heaven always yields to such artillery.
Whitney G., Mid-Life Love|Were you born stupid, Heinrich, or did you have to study?
John Stuart Mill, The Subjection of Women|All liberty required was that the space for discourse itself be protected. Liberty lay in the argument itself, not the resolution of that argument, in the ability to quarrel, even with the most cherished beliefs of others; a free society was not placid but turbulent. The bazaar of conflicting was the place where freedom rang.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Yes, stop your beliefs for a few moments now and then and Be-Life.
Charlotte Leonetti|Pilar, if anyone, should have understood how awful it was to be surrounded by people who had their own version of the truth. People who wouldn’t listen to you long enough to know you at a
Philip K. Dick, The Selected Letters, 1972-1973|No man engaged in a work he does not like can preserve many saving illusionsabout himself. The distaste, the absence of glamour, extend from the occupation to the personality. It is only when ourappointed activities seem by a lucky accident to obey the particular earnestness of our temperament that we can taste the comfort of complete self-deception.
Criss Jami, Healology|Do not dismiss the words of the old; they possess wisdom, which comes only with age, and often speak of things that the young are too immature to understand.
Kelley Armstrong, The Reckoning|I might be half Derek's size, but I was the one who sounded like a two-hundred-pound beast plowing through the woods.
David T. Dellinger|Our experience of the governments of the world, our knowledge of the weapons at their disposal, and our awareness of our own limitations justify pessimism. But some mysterious factor deep in the human psyche has produced a countervailing conviction that educating, organizing, uniting, and acting will make a difference. 
Grace Metalious, The Tight White Collar|At Reed College, I learned very quickly that I didn't know nearly enough. I learned, first, that every student there was as smart as I was, and quite a few seemed smarter.
Winston S. Churchill|& love is an evil word. Turn it backwards/see, see what I mean? An evol word.
Adam Silvera, They Both Die at the End|There are moments when a rope's end, a pole, the branch of the tree, is life itself, and it is a frightful thing to see a living being lose his hold upon it, and fall like a ripe fruit.
Richard J. Borden, Ecology and Experience: Reflections from a Human Ecological Perspective|Apparently, a week Japan was laughable; but a strong Japan was immediately transformed into the prime example of a "Yellow Peril". Might Japan forever be stuck in a kind of no man's land between East and West, not allowed to assimilate into the international order of the Western nations as an equal, forever grouped with the countries of the East among which she felt herself superior, and respected fully by neither group?
Thomas Gilovich, How We Know What Isn't So: The Fallibility of Human Reason in Everyday Life|When we do cross paths with people whose beliefs and attitudes conflict with our own, we are rarely challenged.
Tom Rice|As a black person in America, I am twice as likely as a white person to live in an area where air pollution poses the greatest risk to my health. I am five times more likely to live within walking distance of a power plant or chemical facility - which I do.
Caroline Kepnes, You|I peeked in the bag. Do you know what was in there? I'll tell you what was in there: a collapsible tray table. Is there any sadder purchase in this fucking world? Maybe a CD of C+C Music Factory's Greatest Hits, but that's about it.
Bucky Buckbinder|Don't be afraid to be who you are, we were created to perfect in our own imperfect way.
Walter Scott, Marmion|Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.
Jeb Bush|For a little while, my mom was a school teacher. And I went to the school that she taught.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Do your thing, without harming anything.
David Lovelace, Scattershot: My Bipolar Family|In our family "whim-wham" is code, a defanged reference to any number of moods and psychological disorders, be they depressive, manic, or schizoaffective. Back in the 1970s and '80s - when they were all straight depression - we called them "dark nights of the soul." St. John of the Cross's phrase ennobled our sickness, spiritualized it. We cut God out of it after the manic breaks started in 1986, the year my dad, brother, and I were all committed. Call it manic depression or by its new, polite name, bipolr disorder. Whichever you wish. We stick to our folklore and call it the whim-whams.
Cassia Leo, Bring Me Home|When I was a kid, I used think that my mother has some kind of magic in her hands because the same food eaten by her hands, tasted different.And now when I am grown up.. I am sure.. she has some magic in her hands..
Frank Zappa|In this world, there is no absolute good, no absolute evil," the man said. "Good and evil are not fixed, stable entities, but are continually trading places. A good may be transformed into an evil in the next second. And vice versa. Such was the way of the world that Dostoevsky depicted in The Brothers Karamazov. The most important thing is to maintain the balance between the constantly moving good and evil. If you lean too much in either direction, it becomes difficult to maintain actual morals. Indeed, balance itself is the good.
Jarius Raphel|A stray fact: insects are not drawn to candle flames, they are drawn to the light on the far side of the flame, they go into the flame and sizzle to nothingness because they're so eager to get to the light on the other side.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Bootlicking is only a way to get published, not to become a writer
Anne Perry|I put artistic values above all others. Because writing, for me, is an expanded world, a limitless world, containing all.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Science is good, is not God.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|Arrogance is perhaps the most socially acceptable form of sin in the church today. In this culture of abundance, one of the only ways Satan can keep Christians neutralized is to wrap us up in pride. Conceit slips in like drafts of cold air in the winter. We don't see it, but outsiders can sense it.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Give your entire attention to what God is doing right now, and don't get worked up about what may or may not happen tomorrow. God will help you deal with whatever hard things come up when the time comes.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|Any thoughts of guilt, any feelings of regret, had faded. The desert had baked them out.
Alice Miller|Like our physical bodies, our memory becomes out of shape. As children, we are constantly learning new experiences, but by the time we reach our 20s, we start to lead a more sedentary life both mentally and physically. Our lives become routine, and we stop challenging our brains, and our memory starts to suffer.
Peter Singer|I had a project for my life which involved 10 years of wandering, then some years of medical studies and, if any time was left, the great adventure of physics.
Gaurav Prabhu|Keep Smiling, Rock On!
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Bitch: In Praise of Difficult Women|Because, frankly, I have a tough time feeling that feminism has done a damn bit of good if I can't be the way I am and have the world accommodate it on some level.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|We don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace.
Kirsty Logan, The Rental Heart and Other Fairytales|Beautiful look at me. If you accept me as your man, you will not be an object nor will I take you for granted. I will endeavour to love you whole-heartedly with no hesitation, keeping you safe at all times.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|If Myrnin pokes his crazy head up before then, call me and try to keep him, you know, stable.''Is he UNstable?''I don't know, how can I tell? You're the crazy whisperer!'She had a point. Claire couldn't help but smile about that.
John Lanchester, Capital|Choice, and all its attendant energy, is a characteristic of youth. It is before one chooses that one feels desire and longing without fulfillment, which gives an edge to any artistic endeavor. Galway Kinnell recently said in an interview that a young poet has so many choices but an old poet must simply endure his chosen life.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass: With an Excerpt from the Life and Letters of Lewis Carroll|Feel the pain. Feel the pleasure. As long as I’m living, I will enjoy every experience that I can. Happiness, glee, passion, peace, fear, pain, I want to feel it all, good or bad. I want to live, not in monotony, in utter craziness. I’m living not dying.
Abdullah a ahmed|Life is an episode of few moments, comprised on few decades, and then travel to an endless destiny. Soul was allocated to a body and was sent in this planet for a cause. When our last breath is counted and soul travels back to its origin, we are garlanded with Good & Bad deeds earnt in this limited period of time on earth. We mostly forget the purpose of life and mesmerize ourselves with colours and Illusions of surroundings. We are the custodian of Spirit given by god to us with the power of decision making for good or bad. May god bless all of us the capacity of understanding the purpose of our being in this world. And make us successful in this time given. "LIFE is given just once, live it as it is meant to be" Abdul
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The kind of lies that someone tells us gives us an idea of how stupid, knowledgeable, intelligent, or ignorant they are … or they think we are.
Cephalus|See him now, so boyish a body and an older head.” (Bhutta)
Heidi Cullinan, A Private Gentleman|We all have pain, Wes. It isn't life without it. What matters in life isn't that we escape pain. What matters is that we overcome it.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|An unceasingly grateful life can easily heal from the wounds of hurt and setback. It can also easily shed resentment, hate, and bitterness…
Rachel P. Maines, The Technology of Orgasm: "Hysteria," the Vibrator, and Women's Sexual Satisfaction|The rifts in this ancient wall continue to be patched with exhortations to women to avoid challenging the norm even if it means faking orgasm and sacrificing honesty in their intimate relationships with men. In the past we have been willing to pay this price; whether we should continue to do so is question for individuals; not historians, to decide.
Christopher Pike, Remember Me|Sometimes the universe works in a really weird way. You hate the people who love you, and you love the people who just aren't really that into you. And then there are those who love you as you love them, but fate just decides that you're not meant to be.
Harold Jones|They call it music, but it's just this side of magic.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|No matter how good it is, your book will not sell itself.
Carter Burwell|I've flown across America, I've scaled fences, I've stood under windows and gone out of my way hundreds of times. I'm a hopeless romantic. There's no hope for me.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|If what we think of ourselves were true, the planet would overflow with geniuses.
Doha Asrir|Because it happened in the past , doesn't mean it forgotten ...!!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You may discover your purpose, but if you take it for granted, you will abuse yourself.
Pope Benedict XVI|What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice; the laws are still on the books.
Kevin Brockmeier|A successful song comes to sing itself inside the listener. It is cellular and seismic, a wave coalescing in the mind and in the flesh. There is a message outside and a message inside, and those messages are the same, like the pat and thud of two heartbeats, one within you, one surrounding. The message of the lullaby is that it’s okay to dim the eyes for a time, to lose sight of yourself as you sleep and as you grow: if you drift, it says, you’ll drift ashore: if you fall, you will fall into place.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|She had wandered, without rule or guidance, into a moral wilderness... Her intellect and heart had their home, as it were, in desert places, where she roamed as freely as the wild Indian in his woods... The scarlet letter was her passport into regions where other women dared not tread. Shame, Despair, Solitude! These had been her teachers—stern and wild ones—and they had made her strong, but taught her much amiss.
Carolyn Ainscough, Breaking Free: Help For Survivors Of Child Sexual Abuse|Things I Used to Get Hit For: Talking back. Being smart. Acting stupid. Not listening. Not answering the first time. Not doing what I’m told. Not doing it the second time I’m told. Running, jumping, yelling, laughing, falling down, skipping stairs, lying in the snow, rolling in the grass, playing in the dirt, walking in mud, not wiping my feet, not taking my shoes off. Sliding down the banister, acting like a wild Indian in the hallway. Making a mess and leaving it. Pissing my pants, just a little. Peeing the bed, hardly at all. Sleeping with a butter knife under my pillow.Shitting the bed because I was sick and it just ran out of me, but still my fault because I’m old enough to know better. Saying shit instead of crap or poop or number two. Not knowing better. Knowing something and doing it wrong anyway. Lying. Not confessing the truth even when I don’t know it. Telling white lies, even little ones, because fibbing isn’t fooling and not the least bit funny. Laughing at anything that’s not funny, especially cripples and retards. Covering up my white lies with more lies, black lies. Not coming the exact second I’m called. Getting out of bed too early, sometimes before the birds, and turning on the TV, which is one reason the picture tube died. Wearing out the cheap plastic hole on the channel selector by turning it so fast it sounds like a machine gun. Playing flip-and-catch with the TV’s volume button then losing it down the hole next to the radiator pipe. Vomiting. Gagging like I’m going to vomit. Saying puke instead of vomit. Throwing up anyplace but in the toilet or in a designated throw-up bucket. Using scissors on my hair. Cutting Kelly’s doll’s hair really short. Pinching Kelly. Punching Kelly even though she kicked me first. Tickling her too hard. Taking food without asking. Eating sugar from the sugar bowl. Not sharing. Not remembering to say please and thank you. Mumbling like an idiot. Using the emergency flashlight to read a comic book in bed because batteries don’t grow on trees. Splashing in puddles, even the puddles I don’t see until it’s too late. Giving my mother’s good rhinestone earrings to the teacher for Valentine’s Day. Splashing in the bathtub and getting the floor wet. Using the good towels. Leaving the good towels on the floor, though sometimes they fall all by themselves. Eating crackers in bed. Staining my shirt, tearing the knee in my pants, ruining my good clothes. Not changing into old clothes that don’t fit the minute I get home. Wasting food. Not eating everything on my plate. Hiding lumpy mashed potatoes and butternut squash and rubbery string beans or any food I don’t like under the vinyl seat cushions Mom bought for the wooden kitchen chairs. Leaving the butter dish out in summer and ruining the tablecloth. Making bubbles in my milk. Using a straw like a pee shooter. Throwing tooth picks at my sister. Wasting toothpicks and glue making junky little things that no one wants. School papers. Notes from the teacher. Report cards. Whispering in church. Sleeping in church. Notes from the assistant principal. Being late for anything. Walking out of Woolworth’s eating a candy bar I didn’t pay for. Riding my bike in the street. Leaving my bike out in the rain. Getting my bike stolen while visiting Grandpa Rudy at the hospital because I didn’t put a lock on it. Not washing my feet. Spitting. Getting a nosebleed in church. Embarrassing my mother in any way, anywhere, anytime, especially in public. Being a jerk. Acting shy. Being impolite. Forgetting what good manners are for. Being alive in all the wrong places with all the wrong people at all the wrong times.
Nicola Sturgeon|Tradition means giving votes to the most obscure of all classes, our ancestors. It is the democracy of the dead. Tradition refuses to submit to that arrogant oligarchy who merely happen to be walking around.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|There were some memories, though, that never faded.
Vicki Perry, The Chat Room|But I find it strange that her excitement over a new child in her life was so explosive, so vivid and yet there is nothing in terms of photos shared and the cute stories of milestones accomplished in a child’s life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I believe life is an education meant to teach us the need to be better people.  And I believe this learning often takes place through trial and error which may mean being an awful person at times before clearly seeing and grasping the necessity to improve. If you don't agree with me, just ask Mr. Ebenezer Scrooge.  I think Charles Dickens got it quite right.
Alanis Morissette|I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
Alissa Johnson, Nearly a Lady|She thinks I'm too...impulsive.""Can't imagine why," Tristan muttered, "when you do things like ride off into the woods after gentlemen in pursuit of a thief---
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|If genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration, then as a culture we tend to lionize the one percent.
Robert Aitken, The Dragon Who Never Sleeps: Verses for Zen Buddhist Practice|We are such spendthrifts with our lives, the trick of living is to slip on and off the planet with the least fuss you can muster. I’m not running for sainthood. I just happen to think that in life we need to be a little like the farmer, who puts back into the soil what he takes out.
A.E. Samaan|I heard Mansour say to Richard, ‘You transmitted to us the disease of your capitalist economy. What did you give us except for a handful of capitalist companies that drew off our blood — and still do?’ Richard said to him, ‘All this shows that you cannot manage to live without us. You used to complain about colonialism and when we left you created the legend of neo-colonialism. It seems that our presence, in an open or undercover form, is as indispensable to you as air and water.’ They were not angry: they said such things to each other as they laughed, a stone’s throw from the Equator, with a bottomless historical chasm separating the two of them.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Whitepeople believed that whatever the manners, under every dark skin was a jungle. Swift unnavigable waters, swinging screaming baboons, sleeping snakes, red gums ready for their sweet white blood. In a way, he thought, they were right. The more coloredpeople spent their strength trying to convince them how gentle they were, how clever and loving, how human, the more they used themselves up to persuade whites of something Negroes believed could not be questioned, the deeper and more tangled the jungle grew inside. But it wasn’t the jungle blacks brought with them to this place from the other (livable) place. It was the jungle whitefolks planted in them. And it grew. It spread. In, through and after life, it spread, until it invaded the whites who had made it. Touched them every one. Changed and altered them. Made them bloody, silly, worse than even they wanted to be, so scared were they of the jungle they had made. The screaming baboon lived under their own white skin; the red gums were their own.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|Disco's are tricky. You look a total wally if you dance too early but after one crucial song tips the disco over, you look a sad saddo if you don't.
Trevor Treharne, How to Prove god Does Not Exist: The Complete Guide to Validating Atheism|For a God that created everything, it is mystifying why he created so much competition.
Priya Parmar, Vanessa and Her Sister|Fools write books about madness being an elevated mental state or an alternative form of creativity. It's not, it's anguish.
Neil Gaiman|Writing may or may not be your salvation; it might or might not be your destiny. But that does not matter. What matters right now are the words, one after another. Find the next word. Write it down.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The father who has selflessly poured himself into the life of his children may leave no other monument than that of his children. But as for a life well lived, no other monument is necessary.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Water creates so much beauty, life and mystery.
Pfister|Meaning beginns in the words, in the action, continues in your head and ends nowhere. There is no end to meaning. Meaning which is resolved, parcelled, labelled and ready for export is dead, impartient — and meaningless.
Dennis R. Miller|To sit down so often with nothing to say,-to say something so often, almost without consciousness of saying and without any remembrance or having said,-is a power of which I will not violate my modesty by boasting; but I do not believe everyone has it.
Joseph Campbell, Myths to Live By|So-called Islamic 'fundamentalism' does not spring, in Pakistan, from the people. It is imposed on them from above. Autocratic regimes find it useful to espouse the rhetoric of faith, because people respect that language, are reluctant to oppose it. This how religions shore up dictators; by encircling them with words of power, words which the people are reluctant to see discredited, disenfranchised, mocked.But the ramming-down-the-throat point stands. In the end you get sick of it, you lose faith in the faith, if not qua faith then certainly as basis for a state. And then the dictator falls, and it is discovered that he had brought God down with him, that the justifying myth of the nation has been unmade. This leaves only two options: disintegration, or a new dictatorship ... no, there is a third, and I shall not be o pessimistic as to deny its possibility. The third option is the substitution of a new myth for the old one. Here are three such myths, all available from stock at short notice: liberty; equality; fraternity. I recommend them highly.
B. R. Ambedkar|The Americans combine the notions of religion and liberty so intimately in their minds, that it is impossible to make them conceive of one without the other.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|Democracy is the process to elect the Government of the Upper class or caste people, by the poor people and for the corporate people - Idiotneil
Dinah Maria Mulock Craik, A Life for a Life|But oh! the blessing it is to have a friend to whom one can speak fearlessly on any subject; with whom one's deepest as well as one's most foolish thoughts come out simply and safely. Oh, the comfort - the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person - having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words, but pouring them all right out, just as they are, chaff and grain together; certain that a faithful hand will take and sift them, keep what is worth keeping, and then with the breath of kindness blow the rest away.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|By keeping the mind in the present, unless you deliberately want to contemplate the past or future, it’s possible to firmly face life without fear. Then, no thoughts of past failures or future problems will exist in the mind, and a truly positive mental state will result—fudoshin, the “immovable mind.
Tagg Romney|I think there's just so many people in the world that don't feel understood, and when you hear a song and you go, 'Oh, that song understands me,' that's an amazing feeling. I get it when I listen to the radio... That's a beautiful part of music.
Leonardo DiCaprio|I'm a mirror. If you're cool with me, I'm cool with you, and the exchange starts. What you see is what you reflect. If you don't like what you see, then you've done something. If I'm standoffish, that's because you are.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It is simply expression, as Henry says, that gives reality to things.
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Two minds with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one.
Compton Gage|The grain of evil seed had been sown in the heart of Adam from the beginning, and how much ungodliness had it brought up unto this time? and how much shall it yet bring forth until the time of threshing come?
Paul Auster, The Invention of Solitude|It is also true that memory sometimes comes to him as a voice. It is a voice that speaks inside him, and it is not necessarily his own. It speaks to him in the way a voice might tell stories to a child, and yet at times this voice makes fun of him, or calls him to attention, or curses him in no uncertain terms. At times it willfully distorts the story it is telling him, changing the facts to suit its whims, catering to the interests of drama rather than truth. Then he must speak to it in his own voice and tell it to stop, thus returning it to the silence it came from. At other times it sings to him. At still other times it whispers. And then there are the times it merely hums, or babbles, or cries out in pain. And even when it says nothing, he knows it is still there, and in the silence of this voice that says nothing, he waits for it to speak.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|The people who stand before kings may look like they did it all by themselves. But in fact they are invariably the beneficiaries of hidden advantages and extraordinary opportunities and cultural legacies that allow them to learn and work hard and make sense of the world in ways others cannot. It makes a difference where and when we grew up. The culture we belong to and the legacies passed down by our forebears shape the patterns of our achievements in ways we cannot begin to imagine. It's not enough to ask what successful people are like, in other words. It is only by asking where they are from that we can unravel the logic behind who succeeds and who doesn't.
Kem Nunn, Chance|Get your filthy paws off my son, feet pue tan!" Cherise
China Miéville, Railsea|History seemed meaningless here, or at least bewildered.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|In your heart there's a way around the criticizers, minimizes, and judgmental people that hurt you. When it's understood their self-confidence is very low. It's then you can pray for them, that they find peace, and allow all righteousness to come from Jesus Christ. Amen.
Paul Auster, The Book of Illusions|An actor is just a part of a movie, but director - he is the movie.
Avijeet Das|The thunder howled and the rain splashed, the leaves played with the breeze and the lightning flashed, and the tigress growled at last. She looked here and she looked there, she hadn't seen so much rain anywhere, a desire suddenly came in her heart, a mad longing that had to start, she felt deep love in the rain, looking at her cubs all over againBut two years ago she had been wounded, By cowardly men who wanted her grounded, They were afraid of her power, they wanted to capture her and to enslave her in their tower They laid traps and they waited in the trees, The jungle was full of birds and the bees, The tigress was out hunting for meat, her cubs awaiting in the cave for their treatThere was something missing in the air, the fragrance of jasmine was not there, The tigress looked up into the trees and saw the men's faces painted in grease, She challenged them looking into their eyes, And saw fear, fright , and faces full of lies! She roared with all her might, This was her land, She had all the right!The cowardly men crouching behind the trees, Fired their guns in twos and threes, The brave Tigress looked them in the eye, She was the fire and she was the sky, Indomitable force, invincible power, She was the Tigress, The Queen in her EmpireNone of the bullets could break her Spirit,Only one could graze her right leg a bit, She roared with all her heart's might, For she was the Queen for all to sight! The guns emptied and no more bullets to shoot, The cowardly men jumped from the trees and ran away in two hoots! The Tigress laughed and loudly roared,For she was the power and her Spirit soaredShe is the Tigress inside every Woman, She has the Power to defeat any Man,Love her and she would love you back,Respect her and she would respect you back,Dare to harm her and she would defeat you till the Last!
Danielle Evans, Before You Suffocate Your Own Fool Self|I want to wake Chrissie and tell her this as if it's a warning: Don't push too hard; your last chance to see a person the way you wanted them to be may come at any moment. One minute you have a parent, or a friend, or a lover, something solid, and physics tells you their resistance will always be there to meet you as you press yourself into relief against them. Then all of a sudden your mother is a fading outline in a thunderstorm, wet and weak and so far out of reach; or your lover who may also be your best and only friend is pulled so quickly into someone else's life that you don't even realize he's left yours until you're getting a save-the-date card; or your father is somewhere at the end of the world and even if you had a number for him, you'd feel wrong calling to tell him to quit collecting stuff when it's painfully clear you have nothing to offer to replace it. But I don't wake Chrissie because she's sleeping like a baby, and anyway, she isn't a baby and she doesn't need me to tell her what it is to watch somebody let you down by being human in the saddest and neediest ways, what it is to push at something that has long since given way.
Sarah Funkhouser|Life is a test. A test of Character and Strength, experience is our study guide... so remember what you learn and more importantly-apply it.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|I've never asked you to give the least considerations to my feelings." He could picture her holding the word with fingertips at arm's length, like a scullery maid disposing of a dead rat.
Saffron Burrows|When you become a celebrity, the world owns you and your image.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|I wanted you see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand.
|Life has its surprises; however, they mean nothing to a mind that dwells in the direction of its positive purpose.
Hubert Martin|Stop the bleeding! Gauze the wound!" And his voice became much softer, "Those are the words... I've yet to write." He died with that exhale. He died in a steaming carmine pool of unwritten stories that incredibly cold night. He always thought his work would take the form of ink, pen and paper, but as the last glow dimmed in his eyes, he realized his most meaningful words were sloppily spilled and patched together using blood, bullet holes and concrete.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|...write your own part. It is the only way I've gotten anywhere. It is much harder work, but sometimes you have to take destiny into your own hands. It forces you to think about what your strengths really are, and once you find them, you can showcase them, and no one can stop you.
Mary E. DeMuth, Thin Places: A Memoir|I understand true life doesn't happen when I constantly gaze backwards, mulling over all the injustices others have done or I have done to others.
Tovaley B. Kysel, The Scion Princess|Edilio is in hiding,” Astrid snapped. “Edilio has to worry about being kicked out of the country. Our Edilio.”“He’s got a volunteer lawyer—”But Astrid wasn’t done. “They should be putting up statues to Edilio. They should be naming schools after that boy—no, no, I’m not going to call him a boy. If he’s not a man, then I’ll never meet one.”Lana nodded approvingly, obviously enjoying and sharing in Astrid’s outrage.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|In theory, the Internet provides an opportunity to widen knowledge-to see beyond screens and neighborhoods into a broader universe-and yet the first thing many people want to do is wall themselves off and broadcast how narrow-minded they are. It seems to absolutely miss the point of the experience.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|Imitating others, I failed to find myself. I looked inside and discovered I only knew my name. When I stepped outside I found my real Self. ~Rumi
Susan Cain|We may have forgotten how to feel. Nobody is teaching us how to live happily ever after, as we've heard in fairy tales.
Amy J. Berg|I think I just stick to eating a well-rounded diet. I don't cut out anything; if I crave something, I eat it. But I definitely try to stick to a balanced diet always.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|I may die young, but at least I'll die smart.... If you can't be seven feet tall, be seven feet smart...Best advice I can ever give you.
Alfred North Whitehead, An Introduction to Mathematics|The study of mathematics is apt to commence in disappointment... We are told that by its aid the stars are weighed and the billions of molecules in a drop of water are counted. Yet, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, this great science eludes the efforts of our mental weapons to grasp it.
Lucy Stone|I think, with never-ending gratitude, that the young women of today do not and can never know at what price their right to free speech and to speak at all in public has been earned.
Walter Lang|Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you.
Surgeo Bell|Quit hating and trying to be like the next man. Get on your own grind & be better than the next man, whether you gotta hustle, work a job or whatever just do you.
|The hit-woman opened the door. No dead body on the floor. Thank God.I heard an unearthly roar and then Jordan charged Liz from where she’d been hiding beside the door. She tackled her to the floor and stabbed her through the wrist with a small switchblade. The hit-woman shrieked and let go of the gun, allowing Jordan precious seconds to bat it across the room. She landed a couple hard punches to the assassin’s nose, bloodying it, before the other woman got the upper hand.She grabbed a handful of Jordan’s ponytail and slammed her head into the edge of the coffee table. Jordan cried out, but didn’t let go of the knife. She withdrew it and held it against the assassin’s throat, shouting, “Move again and I’ll kill you, puta!”Liz panted madly, but stayed put. Jordan glanced up at me. “You okay?”“Alive,” I said through a grimace. “Not okay.”“Good enough.” She returned her gaze to the woman pinned beneath her and glared. “The police are on their way. And not the nice, human police. Angels. Get any ideas about trying to kill me again and you won’t even get to deal with them.”“I’ve been in jail before,” Liz said, attempting to recapture her former arrogance. “I’ll get over it.”Jordan leaned down a few inches, lowering her voice. “Really? How’d you like to return without your tongue?”Liz’s eyes went wide, as did mine. “You wouldn’t dare.”“You shot my best friend. Multiple times. Lex talionis.”“You can’t kill me. You’re not a policewoman. You’re just a girl.”“No. I’m a Seer. You and the rest of your friends had better learn the difference between a sheep and a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Until then…”She lifted her fist and punched Liz hard in the temple. The assassin went out like a light. “Vaya con dios, bitch.
Rosemarie Garland-Thomson|The lingerie department is the only one that she can reach in her wheelchair. Nevertheless, she is fired the next day because of complaints that a woman who is so obviously not sexually attractive selling alluring nightgowns makes customers uncomfortable. Daunted by her dismissal, she seeks consolation in the arms of the young manager and soon finds herself pregnant. Upon learningof this news, he leaves her for anondisabled woman with a fullerbustline and better homemaking skills in his inaccessible kitchen.
M.O. Walsh|So it enables the voice of Robert Stack or someone else like him to do for us what it needs to, which is remind us that every moment of our lives is plugged in. Every moment is crucial. And if we recognize this and embrace it, we will one day be able to look back and understand and feel and regret and reminisce and, if we are lucky, cherish.
David H. Murdock|Since acquiring major interests in Dole Food Company 28 years ago, educating the public on proper diet has constituted the agenda of the Dole Nutrition Institute.
Selva Millheiser|Would he ever come back? He wondered. The water filled his ears with its own rush, and he was comforted by the realization that, in fact, he never left.
Chantelle Ann|…I have fallen in love with a painting. Though that phrase doesn’t seem to suffice, not really—rather’s it that I have been drawn into the orbit of a painting, have allowed myself to be pulled into its sphere by casual attraction deepening to something more compelling. I have felt the energy and life of the painting’s will; I have been held there, instructed. And the overall effect, the result of looking and looking into it’s brimming surface as long as I could look, is love, by which I mean a sense of tenderness toward experience, of being held within an intimacy with the things of the world.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Waiting was the part of the criminal life so many people got wrong. They wanted to act instead of hold fast and gather information. They wanted to know instantly without having to learn. Sometimes the trick to getting the best of a situation was just to wait. If you didn't like the weather, you didn't rush into the storm - you waited until it changed. You found a way to keep from getting wet.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|So, in the interests of survival, they trained themselves to be agreeing machines instead of thinking machines. All their minds had to do was to discover what other people were thinking, and then they thought that, too.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|The politeness which she had been brought up to practice as a duty made it impossible for her to escape; while the want of that higher species of self-command, that just consideration of others, that knowledge of her own heart, that principle of right which had not formed any essential part of her education, made her miserable under it.
Harsha Walia, Undoing Border Imperialism|The crisis creates situations which are dangerous in the short run, since the various strata of the population are not all capable of orienting themselves equally swiftly, or of reorganizing with the same rhythm. The traditional ruling class, which has numerous trained cadres, changes men and programmes and, with greater speed than is achieved by the subordinate classes, reabsorbs the control that was slipping from its grasp. Perhaps it may make sacrifices, and expose itself to an uncertain future by demagogic promises; but it retains power, reinforces it for the time being, and uses it to crush its adversary and disperse his leading cadres, who cannot be be very numerous or highly trained.
Elizabeth George|If we could simply live in the light of our bodies being temples of the Holy Spirit, our daily life would be transformed.
Carlton D. Pearson, God Is Not a Christian, Nor a Jew, Muslim, Hindu...: God Dwells with Us, in Us, Around Us, as Us|Belief compelled through fear is not belief, it is blind and forced obedience.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|The image is horrible, I somehow couldn't get out, probably weakness of my character if you ask me... or who knows??But after all the story could go like father rapes his son or daughter which are babys which will mean age somewhere 1,2... but after all there isn't a lot of to be saw this can be heard on the news and it will be difficult to build great drama... but so far I could try this to do!
Raymond Chandler|Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, you keep preaching the truth. They don't listen.Master of Stupidity: Oh that's not bad. That attitude keeps us in the business.
István Aranyosi, The Peripheral Mind: Philosophy of Mind and the Peripheral Nervous System|In truth, there is no such thing as an “intuitive boundary” of a sensory state. That most philosophers take such states as brain-bound is not an intuition, but a prejudice.
Constantine R. Campbell|While the bible is GOD because the word of GOD is GOD, please understand that GOD cannot be contained in the bible. To believe otherwise is to make an infinite GOD finite.
Axl Rose|What does that represent? There was never any question in plastic art, in poetry, in music, of representing anything. It is a matter of making something beautiful, moving, or dramatic - this is by no means the same thing.
Angela B. Chrysler|Mr. Parker’s mouth dropped open like a toddler had crawled under his desk and whacked him in the giblets. I tried not to giggle as he slowly closed his mouth and stood up from behind his desk. I expected him to start shouting obscenities about the stupidity of pre-marital sex, but he walked around and closed the door behind me. I could practically hear the phone call he would make to my mother in my head. “Connor, I hope I don’t need to give you a lecture about how dangerous it is for someone of your age to engage in such activities?” “No, sir. Trust me when I say, it was an accident and won’t be happening again for as long as I live my life as a single person. Such activities are best left to those with more experience and have joined their lives in holy matrimony.” I fought hard to keep my face sincere and deadpan. I didn’t know what the hell was going on with me, but I liked it. Not only had I come up with the most unbelievable lie in the universe, I sounded heartily sorry for it too.
Douglas Rushkoff|I have nothing against investment banking, but it's like massaging money rather than creating money. If you're in physics, you create inventions, you create lasers, you create transistors, computers, GPS.
Christie Wilcox, Venomous: How Earth's Deadliest Creatures Mastered Biochemistry|There are species on this planet we've never seen. They live in lands and seas that no human has ever explored, and they are struggling to survive in a world unknown to us...We destroy their homes. And then they are gone, before we even have a chance to meet them. Every species on this planet tells a story, an evolutionary novel packed with generations upon generations of knowledge. Letting those species disappear is like setting fire to every library on earth...the key to understanding life itself- is right here: millions of years of trial and error, data we can never even hope to accrue on our own...The only way we will ever learn what animals have to teach us about ourselves- about life- is if we keep them around.
Dada Bhagwan|The higher one sits, the greater the fear of fall.
Paul Stanley|The box was a universe, a poem, frozen on the boundaries of human experience.
W. Edwards Deming|It's always best to ask for forgiveness if you feel that you made a mistake. And again, asking for forgiveness is not just saying the words 'I'm sorry'; it is also offering what you need to do.
Lorraine Heath, Always to Remember|I’ve always resented the word maturity, primarily, I think, because it is most often used as a club. If you do something that someone doesn’t like, you lack maturity, regardless of the actual merits of your action. Too, it seems to me that what is most often called maturity is nothing more than disengagement from life. If you meet life squarely, you are likely to make mistakes, do things you wish you hadn’t, say things you wish you could retract or phrase more felicitously, and, in short, fumble your way along. Those “mature” people whose lives are even without a single sour note or a single mistake, who never fumble, manage only at the cost of original thought and original action. They do without the successes as well as the failures. This has never appealed to me and that is another reason I could never accept the common image of maturity that was presented to me.It was only after I came back from Trial that I came to a notion of my own as to what maturity consists of. Maturity is the ability to sort the portions of truth from the accepted lies and self-deceptions that you have grown up with. It is easy now to see the irrelevance of the religious wars of the past, to see that capitalism in itself is not evil, to see that honor is most often a silly thing to kill a man for, to see that national patriotism should have meant nothing in the twenty-first century, to see that a correctly-arranged tie has very little to do with true social worth. It is harder to assess as critically the insanities of your own time, especially if you have accepted them unquestioningly for as long as you can remember, for as long as you have been alive. If you never make the attempt, whatever else you are, you are not mature.
Rob Liano|Life is not something that can be taught, it's something that can only be experienced
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Because the golden egg gleamedin my basket once, though my childhoodbecame an immense sheet of darkening waterI was Noah, and I was his ark,and there were two of every animal inside me
Ana Tejano, Keep the Faith|No hard feelings, lover. You can't break my heart. It stopped beating a long time ago.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|We’re too often guilty of thinking that our parents arrived on this planet as fully functioning adults on the day that we were born. That they don’t have pasts of their own prior to our birth. That the father is not also a son, that the mother is not also a child. My mother had a tough beginning, enduring things I know little about. And yet I more often discount her pain and overvalue mine.
Craig M. Gay, The Way of the (Modern) World: Or, Why It's Tempting to Live As If God Doesn't Exist|Father was an atheist; he had even joined the Skeleton Army - a club of men who went about in masks or black faces, with ribald placards and a brass band, to make war upon the Salvation Army.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|This good fellowship - camaraderie - usually occurring through the similarity of pursuits is unfortunately seldom super-added to love between the sexes, because men and women associate, not in their labors but in their pleasures merely. Where, however, happy circumstances permit its development, the compounded feeling proves itself to be the only love which is strong as death - that love which many waters cannot quench, nor the floods drown, besides which the passion usually called by the name is as evanescent as steam.
Uma Shanker|Knowledge is like the sky - limitless. It depends on you whether you want to learn how to acquire wings and fly or get on a plane and soar. The faster you rise to pick up knowledge, the quicker your success!!
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Through Jiu Jitsu I have developed many of the most meaningful relationships in my life, and if that were the only benefit of my practice, Jiu Jitsu would still be the best endeavor I have ever undertaken.
Paul J. Zak, The Moral Molecule: The Source of Love and Prosperity|So while we need to provide people with technical skills that will help them find employment, we can't afford to neglect the even more basic skills -- reading, writing, thinking, feeling -- that allow them to become fully realized human beings who care about the world they live in and the people who share it with them.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Without proper readiness, we’re subject to a 'flub,' or a costly mistake which might have been easily prevented with some simple homework beforehand. Failing to do so deteriorates credibility and reputation, leaving us vulnerable to an unfavorable impression.
St. Jerome|I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.
John Locke, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding|For where is the man that has incontestable evidence of the truth of all that he holds, or of the falsehood of all he condemns; or can say that he has examined to the bottom all his own, or other men's opinions? The necessity of believing without knowledge, nay often upon very slight grounds, in this fleeting state of action and blindness we are in, should make us more busy and careful to inform ourselves than constrain others.
Juan T. Llibre|If women are so smart, how come hardly any philosophers have been, and now are, female?
Sonja Yoerg, House Broken|Trying to understand her teenage daughter’s behavior was like trying to listen to a recording of a symphony whose volume vacillated unpredictably from barely audible to deafening. She couldn’t hear the music, and all she wanted to do was leave the room.
Kehlani|My natural gravitation is toward the gray and the black and the white and the burgundy. Sort of muted, cool colors.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|The city shall be cleared of any dirt, if every community acts collectively.
Peter Middlebrook|I've always supported myself. I like the sense of knowing exactly where I stand financially, but there is a side of me that longs for a knight in shining armor.
Marilyn Van Derbur, Miss America by Day: Lessons Learned from Ultimate Betrayals and Unconditional Love|Dr. Peter Levine, who has worked with trauma survivors for twenty-five years, says the single most important factor he has learned in uncovering the mystery of human trauma is what happens during and after the freezing response. He describes an impala being chased by a cheetah. The second the cheetah pounces on the young impala, the animal goes limp. The impala isn’t playing dead, she has “instinctively entered an altered state of consciousness, shared by all mammals when death appears imminent.” (Levine and Frederick, Waking the Tiger, p. 16) The impala becomes instantly immobile. However, if the impala escapes, what she does immediately thereafter is vitally important. She shakes and quivers every part of her body, clearing the traumatic energy she has accumulated.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|Of course a miracle may happen, and you may be a great painter, but you must confess the chances are a million to one against it. It'll be an awful sell if at the end you have to acknowledge you've made a hash of it.""I've got to paint," he repeated."Supposing you're never anything more than third-rate, do you think it will have been worth while to give up everything? After all, in any other walk in life it doesn't matter if you're not very good; you can get along quite comfortably if you're just adequate; but it's different with an artist.""You blasted fool," he said."I don't see why, unless it's folly to say the obvious.""I tell you I've got to paint. I can't help myself. When a man falls into the water it doesn't matter how he swims, well or badly: he's got to get out or else he'll drown.
Gary Shteyngart|My platform has been to reach reluctant readers. And one of the best ways I found to motivate them is to connect them with reading that interests them, to expand the definition of reading to include humor, science fiction/fantasy, nonfiction, graphic novels, wordless books, audio books and comic books.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|I considered quitting graduate school. I paid my ticket, I rode the ride. Right? Half the people I started with quit. I did not have to continue toward scholar. But something wouldn’t let me. Some deep wrestling match going on inside my rib house and gray matter. Some woman in me I’d never met. You know who she was? My intellect. When I opened the door and there she stood, with her sassy red reading glasses and fitted skirt and leather bookbag, I thought, who the hell are you? Crouching into a defensive posture and looking at her warily out of the corner of my eye. Watch out, woman. To which she replied, I’m Lidia. I have a desire toward language and knowledge that will blow your mind.
Donalyn Miller, The Book Whisperer: Awakening the Inner Reader in Every Child|Reading changes your life. Reading unlocks worlds unknown or forgotten, taking travelers around the world and through time. Reading helps you escape the confines of school and pursue your own education. Through characters – the saints and the sinners, real or imagined – reading shows you how to be a better human being.
Fernando Pessoa, The Education of the Stoic|Sit still with me in the shade of these green trees, which have no weightier thought than the withering of their leaves when autumn arrives, or the stretching of their many stiff fingers into the cold sky of the passing winter. Sit still with me and meditate on how useless effort is, how alien the will, and on how our very meditation is no more useful than effort, and no more our own than the will. Meditate too on how a life that wants nothing can have no weight in the flux of things, but a life the wants everything can likewise have no weight in the flux of things, since it cannot obtain everything, and to obtain less than everything is not worthy of souls that seek the truth.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|The very term ‘public utility’ … is an absurd one. Every good is useful ‘to the public,’ and almost every good … may be considered ‘necessary.’ Any designation of a few industries as ‘public utilities’ is completely arbitrary and unjustified.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|Stop fighting me!" he said, trying to pull on the arm he held.He was in a precarious position himself, straddling the rail as he tried to lean over far enough to get me and actually hold onto me.“Let go of me!” I yelled back.But he was too strong and managed to haul most of me over the rail, enough so that I wasn’t in total danger of falling again.See, here’s the thing. In that moment before I let go, I really had been contemplating my death. I’d come to terms with it and accepted it. I also, however, had known Dimitri might do something exactly like this. He was just that fast and that good. That was why I was holding my stake in the hand that was dangling free.I looked him in the eye. "I will always love you."Then I plunged the stake into his chest.It wasn’t as precise a blow as I would have liked, not with the skilled way he was dodging. I struggled to get the stake in deep enough to his heart, unsure if I could do it from this angle. Then, his struggles stopped. His eyes stared at me, stunned, and his lips parted, almost into a smile, albeit a grisly and pained one."That’s what I was supposed to say. . .” he gasped out.Those were his last words.
Amit Kalantri|Even if you have achieved everything, there is Perfection, still left to be achieved.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|In his mother’s honor, vowing not to commit the “fashionable stupidity” of ignoring things he didn’t understand, Max performed a brave act of nonconformity by accepting the possibility that his dreams might be exactly what they seemed: real.
Rebecca Timberlake, Bookish Hearts|I climbed into bed, wide awake and full of dreams.
Douglas A. Blackmon|Unfortunately, honesty hasn't always been a part of the job description for the police force, especially when dealing with our people. Today I must appeal to their sense of integrity, because we need the Mobile Police Department. Before we can do our job, they've got to do theirs...
Gail Carriger, Soulless|He has been mad for you these many months, ever since you prodded him in the nether regions with a hedgehog.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Don’t you know that most people take most things because that’s what’s given them, and they have no opinion whatever? Do you wish to be guided by what they expect you to think they think or by your own judgment?
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Harrowing The plow has savaged this sweet field Misshapen clods of earth kicked up Rocks and twisted roots exposed to view Last year’s growth demolished by the blade. I have plowed my life this way Turned over a whole history Looking for the roots of what went wrong Until my face is ravaged, furrowed, scared. Enough. The job is done. Whatever’s been uprooted, let it be Seedbed for the growing that’s to come I plowed to unearth last year’s reasons— The farmer plows to plant a greening season.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I may not have the standard physical beauty of a human being, but I am more human than any other human could be, I have a human heart that's why I understand human need.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|There is no point of adventure if you have known about everything.I wonder how God deals with the situation, considering the boredom.
Toni Sorenson|Don’t fear experience. Embrace each one as a gift, a teacher, a step to get closer to where you want to be and who you want to become.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|If I could store lightnings in jars, I'd sell them to sick fireflies to light their way. Only they have nothing to pay for it with but life.
Charlotte Kasl|[Buddhism] takes us beyond a kind of self-centered narcissism because instead of identifying with the content of our experience, we identify with awareness itself.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|. . . if there was a hope of comfort for any moment, the heart or head of no human being in this house could yield it . . .
Condoleezza Rice|Storytelling in general is a communal act. Throughout human history, people would gather around, whether by the fire or at a tavern, and tell stories. One person would chime in, then another, maybe someone would repeat a story they heard already but with a different spin. It's a collective process.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|And I should like to be able to love my country and still love justice. I don't want any greatness for it, particularly a greatness born of blood and falsehood. I want to keep it alive by keeping justice alive.
John le Carré, Call for the Dead|If you want to get rid of Rose then fine, I’ll take care of it. But I don’t think that is going to solve your problem. You’ll still be here. And you are your problem.
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Sometimes when you had nothing at all and it was raining and you were alone in the flat, it was wonderful to know that you could have something even though it was only a cup of black and bitter coffee.
Karen Finerman|Happiness is the first principle of life. Happiness basically means well-being. It is always good and always a choice... We need to make the choice to be happy in a particular situation, just as it is, and at a given moment.
Gigi Hadid|If I spent all my time criticising myself, I wouldn't be able to function. There are actors who theorise till the cows come home. I haven't the patience for them. It's maybe shallow, but that's why I'll never be part of the acting set.
Tavi Gevinson|If I have a cause, it's the cause of the teacher.
Jessica Soffer|Writers are never fully present because they’re always imagining a different version of the way things are happening; imagining the past in a different way, imagining the present in a different way, imagining the future in a different way.
Spitznagel, Eric|But who cares? Memory isn't about reality, and neither is music. It's about the comforting reflections we want to hold on to, even if they're mostly bullshit.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|However life, unlike art, has an irritating way of bumping and limping on, undoing conversions, casting doubt on solutions, and generally illustrating the impossibility of living happily or virtuously ever after.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|Making movies has become such a golden ring, and it's all such a big business, that the rewards system has gotten totally out of whack. Suddenly, you're treated in a manner befitting someone who is actually an important person.
Aaron Shepard, Lady White Snake: A Tale from Chinese Opera|What was behind this smug presumption that what pleased you was bad or at least unimportant in comparison to other things? … Little children were trained not to do “just what they liked’ but … but what? … Of course! What others liked. And which others? Parents, teachers, supervisors, policemen, judges, officials, kings, dictators. All authorities.When you are trained to despise “just what you like” then, of course, you become a much more obedient servant of others — a good slave. When you learn not to do “just what you like” then the System loves you.
Unknown|The more you trust, the greater the betrayal. The more you love, the greater the harm.
Christine Willson, The Screen Saver|Vulnerability is not a weakness, it strengthensone and allows one to be okay with ones emotions. Be in touch with yourself.Be yourself!
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|Saint Melor’s father was Saint Meliau.”“Was everyone in Bertaèyn a saint, back in the day?”“Everyone who didn’t murder anyone, maybe,” Perrotte said.
Ludwig von Mises|Americans were happy to celebrate their super-rich and, at least sometimes, worry about their poor. But putting those two conversations together and talking about economic inequality was pretty much taboo.
Frédéric Chopin|Bach is an astronomer, discovering the most marvellous stars. Beethoven challenges the universe. I only try to express the soul and the heart of man.
Tammara Webber, Between the Lines|I try to be rational and suppress the hope that this is for real, but hope has a way of closing its eyes to reason and it just keeps growing. 
Pearl Zhu, Digital Boardroom: 100 Q&as|Using your imagination means that you are using your most powerful tool of creation, manifestation and modification
Stefan Zweig|For the first time in my life I began to realize that it is not evil and brutality, but nearly always weakness, that is to blame for the worst things that happen in this world.
Henry Spencer|There are some great questions to ask your doctor. If he says 'no,' then you find yourself a different doctor. There really has to be a change in how we medically look at women at this time. I mean, this is not just baby gloom.
Gerald Durrell, My Family and Other Animals|I try to learn better, do better. I have no idea how I got to be the one at the front of the classroom, the one who gets to be in charge of things. Most of the time, I feel like the kid who gets to sit at the adult table for the first time at Thanksgiving. I'm not sure which fork to use. My feet can't reach the floor.
Zarina Bibi|For anyone who understood the essence of modernism based on and originating in the secularizing and humanistic tendencies of the European Renaissance, it was easy to detect the confrontation that was already taking place between traditional and modern elements in the Islamic world.
Dani Harper, First Bite|Come with me if you want to live.” Neva stared at the enormous hand the stranger extended her. Her gaze followed the black leather-clad arm up to the massive shoulders, the strong jaw, and the thick lock of wavy blonde hair hanging over his dark glasses. “You have so got to be kidding me,” she said.He shrugged. “I always wanted to say that line. Except I’m not kidding.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Evolution Of Theology: An Anthropological Study|You are not blamed for your unwilling ignorance, but because you fail to ask about what you do not know.... For no one is prevented from leaving behind the disadvantage of ignorance and seeking the advantage of knowledge.
Vikrmn, 10 Golden Steps of Life|Live in the NOW. Live life to its fullest. Don’t spend more than 10% of your time learning from the past, and 20% planning for the future. Live in the present, act NOW to fulfill the dreams you plan.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|It's my place when I'm here alone. It's ours when you are here with me." ~Nolan
Anne Frank|God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
Paul Morabito, Poetic Delusions|Remember that your role in this experience that we call life is quite significant! Never equate your significance to temporary stuff, or in comparison to others – you’re more than that!~Steele Steele
Nanea Hoffman|ah, life—the thingthat happensto uswhile we’re offsomewhere elseblowing ondandelions& wishingourselves intothe pages ofour favoritefairy tales.
Jay Woodman|I believe in always being open to learning more through exploration of everything available and following one's sense of curiosity, creativity, and playfulness.
Deb Caletti, The Nature of Jade|she will never grow old, her heart is too beautiful.
James D. Maxon|In the story of life, the prologue and epilogue are written by God. Yet the plot has been given to us; therefore we should write the best prose we can.
|Life is sometimes sour like lemon, but it always gets sweeter than honey if you introduce the power of positive thinking to your mind.
Rosie Alison, The Very Thought of You|Perhaps just to have loved was enough - just to have seen this world,and known it,through the eyes of love.
Huey Freeman|Obi-Wan Kenobi once said ‘your eyes can deceive you, don’t trust them.’ It seems to be getting harder. Distinguishing reality from the illusions people make for us, or the ones we make for ourselves. I don’t know, maybe that’s part of the plan, to make me think I’m crazy…it’s working.
Richard Simmons|Simply switching to a healthy, plant-based diet can lessen stroke risk by reducing cholesterol and blood pressure, flooding your body with antioxidants and improving blood flow.
C.G. Jung|But the shadow is merely somewhat inferior, primitive, unadapted, and awkward; not wholly bad. It even contains childish or primitive qualities which would in a way vitalize and embellish human existence, but convention forbids!
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Our lives make awesome stories, especially if you don't get too attached to the thread of your own narrative.
Shannon Hale, The Forgotten Sisters|A castle of defense, a bastion of mightA fort where the wise teach the young to fightAn armory of weapons, sharp as hooksAre wrapped in leather and shelved as books
Nick Rhodes|Those who have virtue always in their mouths, and neglect it in practice, are like a harp, which emits a sound pleasing to others, while itself is insensible of the music.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|The foundation of morality to have done, once and for all, with lying.
Keirsten White|The magazine said to blend. Daisy blended for all she was worth, trying to spread that dark stuff around.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Meditation, in contrast, is the accidental moments of actual harmony that arrive anyway when you are trying to get something, even in trying to get harmony or calm. This often happens outside of the intention to meditate, and most people access the beginnings of this through other events, such as walking, working, athletic activities, or transitional moments, such as between waking and sleeping. The effect, in brief, is one of harmony and well-being, from which other insights or intuitive glimpses can naturally emerge. The moment you notice this, the meditation is over.
Lawrence G. Lovasik|Strength of character means the ability to overcome resentment against others, to hide hurt feelings, and to forgive quickly.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|Fame you'll be famous, as famous as can be, with everyone watching you win on TV, Except when they don't because sometimes they won't..
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Being a soldier isn't easy, but being a soldier's wife is more difficult still. It's a team effort if you are to succeed; both must believe in the profession and believe that it will always take care of you. You overlook the bad--the loneliness, the cramped quarters, the mediocre hospitals, and the lousy pay--because you believe in the greater good of what you are doing.
Guillermo González, The Privileged Planet: How Our Place in the Cosmos Is Designed for Discovery|There's no obvious reason to assume that the very same rare properties that allow for our existence would also provide the best overall setting to make discoveries about the world around us. We don't think this is merely coincidental. It cries out for another explanation, an explanation that... points to purpose and intelligent design in the cosmos.
Erwin Raphael McManus, Uprising: A Revolution of the Soul|Were there no God, we would be in this glorious world with grateful hearts, and no one thank.
Barbara Hall|If you could do it, I suppose, it would be a good idea to live your life in a straight line - starting, say, in the Dark Wood of Error, and proceeding by logical steps through Hell and Purgatory and into Heaven. Or you could take the King's Highway past the appropriately named dangers, toils, and snares, and finally cross the River of Death and enter the Celestial City. But that is not the way I have done it, so far. I am a pilgrim, but my pilgrimage has been wandering and unmarked. Often what has looked like a straight line to me has been a circling or a doubling back. I have been in the Dark Wood of Error any number of times. I have known something of Hell, Purgatory, and Heaven, but not always in that order. The names of many snares and dangers have been made known to me, but I have seen them only in looking back. Often I have not known where I was going until I was already there. I have had my share of desires and goals, but my life has come to me or I have gone to it mainly by way of mistakes and surprises. Often I have received better than I deserved. Often my fairest hopes have rested on bad mistakes. I am an ignorant pilgrim, crossing a dark valley. And yet for a long time, looking back, I have been unable to shake off the feeling that I have been led - make of that what you will.
Philip Yancey, What Good Is God?: In Search of a Faith That Matters|...it is a mistake to reduce every decision about Christian living to a "Heaven-or-Hell issue."For example, some ask if the Bible specifically says a certain action is a "sin" or will send them to "Hell." If not, they feel free to indulge in that action unreservedly and ignore any scriptural principles involved. But this approach is legalistic, which means living by rules or basing salvation on works. It treats the Bible as a law book, focusing on the letter and looking for loopholes.By contrast, the Bible tells us that we are saved by grace through faith, not by our works (Ephesians 2:8-9). Grace teaches us how to live righteously, and faith leads us into obedience. (See Titus 2:11-12; Romans1:5; Hebrews 11:7-8.)
Akansh Malik|I had worked for others for many years and didn't like the idea of someone else holding my future in their hands; it was time to do something on my own.- Jerri Graham, Nothin' But Granola
John Wycliffe|It's a complete lie, why do people buy these papers? It's not the truth I'm here to say. You know, don't judge a person, do not pass judgement, unless you have talked to them one on one. I don't care what the story is, do not judge them because it is a lie.
Ann Brasco|When we are driven by ego and a relentless need to succeed, it’s easy to blindly neglect the relationships, self-care and truth that will create joy and authentic fulfillment in our lives.
Karen Mueller Coombs, Bully at Ambush Corner|Life is a chain of choices. Making the correct one is never easy.”“That’s for sure,” agreed Rocky.“But if we didn’t make difficult choices, right or wrong,” said Mr. Veraldi, “we wouldn’t learn anything worth knowing." Rocky Ryan and his viola teacher, Mr. Veraldi, in Bully at Ambush Corner.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Tulga Demir has pretty simple principles in running his business, Demir Energy, LLC. He is deeply passionate about energy and contributing to the energy future of the USA.
Tennessee Williams, The Milk Train Doesn't Stop Here Anymore|Has it ever struck you that life is all memory, except for the one present moment that goes by you so quick you hardly catch it going?
José Martí|But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. what greed and privilege to build up over whole centuries the indignation of a pious spirit, with its natural following of oppressed souls, will cast down with a single shove.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Upon entering into the divine domain of transcendence, all these religious founders truly felt that they had accessed the true meaning of the universe, while in reality, what they had access to, in that state of mind, was their inner self.
J.C. Morrows, A Dangerous Love|There was something about him that had always rubbed her the wrong way. Before her mother’s death, she [Shiara] could remember her saying that he was a nice enough young man, but not the one for her daughter.
Elizabeth George|Delighting in the Lord, knowing His Word, and committing yourself to Him are ways to ensure that your plans and desires for yourself match God’s plans.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|A voice said: One. One. One, two. One, two. Then the footsteps went back into the distance. After a while, another voice said: One, two, three, four- And the universe came into being. It was wrong to call it a big bang. That would just be noise, and all that noise could create is more noise and a cosmos full of random particles. Matter exploded into being, apparently as chaos, but in fact as a chord. The ultimate power chord. Everything, all together, streaming out in one huge rush that contained within itself, like reverse fossils, everything that it was going to be. And, zigzagging through the expanding cloud, alive, that first wild live music. This had shape. It had spin. It had rhythm. It had a beat, and you could dance to it. Everything did.
John C. Maxwell, The 360 Degree Leader: Developing Your Influence from Anywhere in the Organization|Tend to the people, and they will tend to the business.
Zosia Mamet|Growing up, I was discouraged from telling personal stories. My dad often used the phrase 'Don't tell anyone.' But not about creepy things. I don't want to lead you down the wrong path. It would be about insignificant things. Like, I wouldn't make the soccer team, and my father would say, 'Don't tell anyone.'
Kiese Laymon, How to Slowly Kill Yourself and Others in America|See, a marriage needs love. And God. And a little money. That's all. The rest you can deal with. It's not about black or white. It's about God and don't let anyone tell you different. All this Jungle fever! Shoot! The Jungle fever goes away, honey, and then what are you gonna do?
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|Choice or no, my heart is his.
Sarah Reeves|God of the impossible, maker of all miracles, I stand in awe of You, I'm so amazed by how You reach into my brokenness, make me beautiful again, I believe yes, I believe nothing is impossible with You.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we fail to instill a fixed sense of confidence in our children, we will raise handicapped children who have no handicap other than the conviction that they believe they do.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|It takes people with Vision to be in company with someone with a Mission, in Conviction
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|If all the world hated you and believed you wicked, while your own conscience approved of you and absolved you from guilt, you would not be without friends.
Robert W. Service, The Pretender: A Story of the Latin Quarter|Of Books and Scribes there are no end:This Plague--and who can doubt it?Dismays me so, I've sadly pennedAnother book about it.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|When we fail to set boundaries and hold people accountable, we feel used and mistreated. This is why we sometimes attack who they are, which is far more hurtful than addressing a behavior or a choice.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|When they said you wouldn't amount to anything, God saw the best in you. You can smile and have joy knowing you have favor in Him. God qualified you.
Wilhelm Grimm|When beautiful woman attracts money , she can't achieve a good end.
Anam Iqbal, The Whyte Divide|She shivers. ‘I can’t understand why anyone would want to live out there. You’d be totally isolated.’ 	I do. I could imagine waking up each day and instead of looking out of the window and seeing the moor in the distance, you’d be in the heart of it, feeling the wind turn, the storm rage, the rain lash, hear the plovers piping.
Xenophanes|If someone is always to blame, if every time something goes wrong someone has to be punished, people quickly stop taking risks. Without risks, there can't be breakthroughs.
Skye Cleary, Existentialism and Romantic Love|I tell the squad a joke: "Stop me if you're heard this. There was a Marine of nuts and bolts, half robot--weird but true--whose every move was cut from pain as though from stone. His stoney little hide had been crushed and broken. But he just laughed and said, 'I've been crushed and broken before.' And sure enough, he had the heart of a bear. His heart functioned for weeks after it had been diagnosed by doctors. His heart weighed half a pound. His heart pumped seven hundred thousand gallons of warm blood through one hundred thousand miles of veins, working hard--hard enough in twelve hours to lift one sixty-five ton boxcar one foot off the deck. He said. The world would not waste the heart of a bear, he said. On his clean blue pajamas many medals hung. He was a walking word of history, in the shop for a few repairs. He took it on the chin and was good. One night in Japan his life came out of his body--black--like a question mark. If you can keep your head while others are losing theirs perhaps you have misjudged the situation. Stop me if you've heard this...
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|But I was immobilized—less by another’s static imposition than by my own static will. For the enemy had in thrall my power to choose, which he had used to make a chain for binding me. From bad choices an urge arises; and the urge, yielded to, becomes a compulsion; and the compulsion, unresisted, becomes a slavery—each link in this process connected with the others, which is why I call it a chain—and that chain had a tyrannical grip around me. The new will I felt stirring in me, a will to 'give you free worship' and enjoy what I yearned for, my God, my only reliable happiness, could not break away from the will made strong by long dominance. Two wills were mine, old and new, of the flesh, of the spirit, each warring on the other, and between their dissonances was my soul disintegrating.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|There was murder, there was rape, there were unspeakable practices, and all of them were for the good, the bloody good, the bloody myth, for the grail, for the Tower.
Robert Jay Lifton|Harvard Medical School, the University of South Florida and the American Psychiatric Association have all conducted studies showing that the earlier one begins gambling, the more likely it is he or she will become an addicted, problem gambler.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|Sometimes you have to stop trying to control everything and let life happen the way it's supposed to, Tess. Even if it's not exactly the way you wanted.But what if it's not even a little like you wanted?Then you deal with it and keep going.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I lay down in the mother ash dirt among the crocuses and told her it was okay. That I'd surrendered. That since she died, everything had changed. Things she couldn't have imagined and wouldn't have guessed. My words came out low and steadfast. I was so sad it felt as if someone were choking me, and yet it seemed my whole life depended on my getting those words out. She would always be my mother, I told her, but I had to go. She wasn't there for me in that flowerbed anymore anyway, I explained. I'd put her somewhere else. The only place I could reach her. In me.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I felt betrayed and absolutely livid, but my body wasn’t smart enough to know it. It had liked the feel of his hands, wanted more of it, wanted it now. It was almost like there were two of me, one who heartily approved of the mage and one who would have dearly loved to see him dead.
Max Walker|I don't find Hollywood interesting, so I'm thinking of studying architecture instead.
Karlene Faith, Unruly Women: The Politics of Confinement & Resistance|Expensive illogicalities and inefficiencies do not worry the monsters of American bureaucracy, and the taxpayers are enthusiastic and eager to spend fortunes in the name of fighting crime. Prison places cost the US taxpayer more than university places. The American belief that prisons are the best way to combat crime has led to an incarceration rate that is at least five times that of almost any industrialised nation. Overcrowding is endemic. Conditions are appalling, varying from windowless, sensory-deprived isolation to barren futile brutality.
Diane Ackerman|I do like strong women in my movies. I have five sisters, so I've just grown up with that model.
Brian Grazer|If you spend any time with a man, you'll realize that we're all still little boys.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you wouldn't get up early for it, you shouldn't stay up late to do it.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|The architect had not stopped to bother about columns and porticos, proportions or interiors, or any limitation upon the epic he sought to materialize; he had simply made a servant of Nature - art can go no further.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|He’s gone, Harry told himself. He’s gone. He had to keep thinking it as he washed and dressed, as though repetition would dull the shock of it. He’s gone and he’s not coming back. And that was the simple truth of it, Harry knew, because their protective enchantments meant that it would be impossible, once they vacated this spot, for Ron to find them again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The vision is for the sacred-time. Though it delays, joyfully wait for it.
Brandon Boyd|I think it'd be wonderful if we could train young girls to be active in lots of ways and that they then wouldn't have to age at the same rate that they would if they were not more active. In other words, more physical fitness and not just the sporty kind, but the yoga, which is really important.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|Be quick, but don't hurry.
Patrick Moynahan|In Japan:The shortage of wives for farmers became a rural crisis. In one village in the late 1980s, of unmarried persons between ages 25 and 39, 120 were men and only 31 were women, a ratio of 4:1. Some Japanese villages organized to find wives for their bachelors. One mountain village placed newspaper ads, promising free winter skiing vacations to all young women who visited and agreed to meet its men. Over a fiveyear period, 300 women responded, but none became wives of a villageman. In another mountain village of 7,000, there were three bachelors for every unmarried woman, so the local government became a marriage agent. It brought in 22 women from the Philippines, South Korea, Thailand, and other Asian countries to marry its men, many in their 40s and 50s. Some marriages endured, but others ended in divorce because of the labor demands of farm life, the burden wives bore in caring for their husband’s elderly parents, and cultural differences. Small businesses developed that offered counseling services for bicultural couples and served as marriage brokers to match Japanese men with foreign women. Even today, many Japanese farm men remain bachelors. Farming in Japan is now primarily a part-time occupation—farmers find off-season jobs in construction or other tasks, unable to make an acceptable living even with government subsidies. And farming is now largely performed by older persons. For example, in one important rice-growing area, between 1980 and 2003, the number of people making most of their money from farming fell by 56 percent, and the number of people between ages 15 and 59 fell by 83 percent. There was one increase, though: there were 600 more farmers older than 70 in 2003 than in 1980.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|I ate all of my husbands. First I ate their love, then their will, then their despair, and then I made pies of their bodies - and those bodies were so dear to me!
Regina Brett|In my kids' school, the married family is an anomaly... which I do think is sad. I do believe in marriage.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|When you do great things, Expect greater things. None of your works are done in vain. You will achieve what you set forth to accomplish!
Mark A. Rayner, The Fridgularity|To live for the hope of something isn’t really living at all, and so, like a child putting away its toys and picking up a tool, he marched to Lyca’s bathroom, to shower off the stench of failure, soap up the death of hope, then wash away the ashes of his love for Daphne.
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|I held out the rune for Hearthstone. ‘I know what it feels like to be an empty cup, to have everything taken away from you. But you’re not alone. However much magic you need to use, it’s okay. We’ve got you. We’re your family.’Hearth’s eyes rimmed with green water. He signed to us, and this time I think he actually meant 'I love you' and not 'the giantesses are drunk.'He took the rune and set it between the prongs of his new staff. The stone snapped into place the same way my pendant did on its chain. The symbol 
Frances Mayes, Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir|Always live your life with your biography in mind," Dad was fond of saying."Naturally, it won't be published unless you have a Magnificent Reason,but at the very least you will be living grandly.
James Hauenstein|My body is like a Temple in Nepal. It is sacred, but has a lot of damage from the earthquake of my youth!
Ayushya Chitransh|If it was the last sunset i will ever see, I will keep running in the West, i won't let that sun to set
J.R.R. Tolkien, Morgoth's Ring|The non-violent resistor not only avoids external, physical violence, but he avoids internal violence of spirit. He not only refuses to shoot his opponent, but he refuses to hate him. And he stands with understanding, goodwill at all times.
Noel Gallagher|I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Neel Burton, Hide and Seek: The Psychology of Self-Deception|Although selfhood depends causally upon the existence of the brain, it amounts to something far more than the brain. This something is vague and intangible, and might best be described, I think, as a semi-fictional narrative that is in constant need of writing, editing, and preserving.
Moath Almasri|rules didn’t do that thing with its tongue he liked, and they definitely didn’t keep him warm at night.
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|Belief isn't supposed to make sense, at least not all the time. In that, it finds its power. It gets to creep up on you and carry you forward. Until you can carry yourself again.
Vishwas Chavan|Because every time you see them happy you remember how sad they're going to be. And it breaks your heart. Because what's the point in them being happy now if they're going to be sad later. The answer is, of course, because they a re going to be sad later.
Tiffany Reisz, The Saint|I will say only this - when le prête is in the right mood, he can make even the devil afraid to turn his back
Jacqueline MacInnes Wood|Persuasion is achieved by the speaker's personal character when the speech is so spoken as to make us think him credible. We believe good men more fully and more readily than others: this is true generally whatever the question is, and absolutely true where exact certainty is impossible and opinions are divided.
Shannon L. Alder|Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.
Todd Misura, Divergence: Erotica from a Different Angle|With tears of gratitude, I told him I had never had multiple orgasms before. From that moment on, I owned him.
Anita Shreve, Body Surfing|Sydney discovers that she minds the loss of her mourning. When she grieved, she felt herself to be intimately connected to Daniel. But with each passing day, he floats away from her. When she thinks about him now, it is more as a lost possibility than as a man. She has forgotten his breath, his musculature.
Santino Hassell, Evenfall|When a man truly sees himself, he knows nobody can say anything about him that is too bad.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|Did you ever say yes to a pleasure? oh my friends, then you also said yes to all pain. all things are linked, entwined, in love with one another.
Annie Ali|The world has its own ways of treating us like what we will never be, but want to be. It relinquishes its grip on our souls while lulling us with the songs of freedom and conquest of beauty. It magnifies every tiny bit of something useless over an unfathomable presence of humanity. And we all waste the whole of our lives standing in queue for gaining its attention to be abdicated as if we never existed in the eyes of our fellow men.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you think no one sees you and you are so clouded in your messy state that you begin to think maybe just maybe even GOD is fed up. Know this: He sees the tears, collects them, pays you double for them, fortifies you with encouragement even through them and He will lift up your spirit.
Vikram Roy|Character builds on characters. Very few can recognised them as a character, others should look for it until they get one.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Science cuts two ways, of course; its products can be used for both good and evil. But there's no turning back from science.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|Susannah continued. "If and when I go off slow dancing in the ever after, I don't want to look like I've been stuck in a hospital room my whole life. I at least want to be tan.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|Nurturing, Providing, and loving you passionately. May that be, my number of responsibilities. As one to the end, forever more. That's how long I desire, our love to last for. Providing for you many and joyful memories. In hours of darkness, as well as brightness. I plan to supply for you. For your love for me and happiness, is all that matters to me.
Maquita Donyel Irvin, Stories of a Polished Pistil: Lace and Ruffles|She was rare, few and far betweenShe suspected he would be as wellAnd the thought of two rare, few and far between individualsDoing all that was necessary for that rare, few and far between Meeting to occurDrove her to write
K.F. Breene, Demons|But fear of making mistakes can itself become a huge mistake, one that prevents you from living, for life is risky and anything less is already a loss.
David Patchell-Evans, The Real Sexy, Smart and Strong: 30 Tips to Boost Confidence, Get Fit and Feel Great, Inside and Out|...aim to look good naked...and more often than not, everything will fall in place - fitness, health, you name it!
