Esther Vilar, The Polygamous Sex|Police and prosecutors are morally and professionally obligated to make every effort to identify specious rape reports, safeguard the civil rights of rape suspects, and prevent the falsely accused from being convicted. At the same time, however, police and prosecutors are obligated to do everything in their power to identify individuals who have committed rape and ensure that the guilty are brought to justice. These two objectives are not mutually exclusive. A meticulous, expertly conducted investigation that begins by believing the victim is an essential part of prosecuting and, ultimately, convicting those who are guilty of rape. It also happens to be the best way to exonerate those who have been falsely accused. Rape victims provide police with more information--and better information--when detectives interview them from a position of trust rather than one of suspicion.
Osunsakin Adewale|in every 1st October we Nigerians helps very few of us celebrate there independence, very. soon. we will celebrate our own.
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|It is hardly surprising that there are more things in heaven and earth, dear reader, than have been dreamed of in our philosophy - or in our physics.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|I hate today, today is everyday.- I think something is going on most cases I'm wrong others I'm right...
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Islam in the Modern World: Challenged by the West, Threatened by Fundamentalism, Keeping Faith with Tradition|God in His mercy had sent messengers to convey His message, to different peoples, in different times. Each prophet came with guidance and miracles that were relevant for his time, and for his people, but the message was the same: That there is only one God, and worship is for him alone. This "Islam" was the religion brought by all the prophets of God. Islam was the religion of Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus (peace be upon them all). God has in His Grace, addressed this issue to man in His final revelation, the Noble Quran.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Sir, I would rather be right than to be President.
Kevin Mitnick|I've never had Internet access. Actually, I have looked at things on other people's computers as a bystander. A few times in my life I've opened email accounts, twice actually, but it's something I don't want in my life right now.
Bertrand Russell|Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.
Steve Maraboli|The truth is often a big, scary wall, no less massive and haunting even after you find a way around it.
Alyssa Day, Vampire in Atlantis|I told you, knowledge is our Holy Grail, and I daresay the wisdom possessed by the vampire would boggle your imagination. You see, we don't have political allegiances to worry about, or religion, or differing mores. We all work together for one purpose: to further our achievements and our learning.
Steven Heighton, Every Lost Country|We were made to get along, to be together, andit’s a truth that’s medically attested... Love and dance and connection strengthen every bodily system, while isolation, rage and sadness poison them with cortisol.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Fear," the doctor said, "is the relinquishment of logic, the willing relinquishing of reasonable patterns. We yield to it or we fight it, but we cannot meet it halfway.
Charlton Heston|The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Man takes root at his feet, and at best he is no more than a potted plant in his house or carriage till he has established communication with the soil by the loving and magnetic touch of his soles to it.
Doug Glanville|When the convert emerges from the water, the world seems changed. The world has not changed, it is always wonderful and horrible, iniquitous and filled with beauty. But now, after baptism, the eyes that see the world have changed.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|There are some things in this world that can be done over, and some that can't. And time passing is one thing that can't be redone. Come this tar, and you can't come back.
Thomas Wolfe, Look Homeward, Angel|Come up into the hills, O my young love. Return! O lost, and by the wind grieved, ghost, come back again, as first I knew you in the timeless valley, where we shall feel ourselves anew, bedded on magic in the month of June. There was a place where all the sun went glistening in your hair, and from the hill we could have put a finger on a star. Where is the day that melted into one rich noise? Where the music of your flesh, the rhyme of your teeth, the dainty languor of your legs, your small firm arms, your slender fingers, to be bitten like an apple, and the little cherry-teats of your white breasts? And where are all the tiny wires of finespun maidenhair? Quick are the mouths of earth, and quick the teeth that fed upon this loveliness. You who were made for music, will hear music no more: in your dark house the winds are silent. Ghost, ghost, come back from that marriage that we did not foresee, return not into life, but into magic, where we have never died, into the enchanted wood, where we still life, strewn on the grass. Come up into the hills, O my young love: return. O lost, and by the wind grieved ghost, come back again.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|As an artist she finds Dick's work hopelessly naive, yet she is a lover of certain kinds of bad art, art which offers a transparency into the hopes and desires of the person who made it. Bad art makes the viewer much more active. (Years later Chris would realise that her fondness for bad art is exactly like Jane Eyre's attraction to Rochester, a mean horse-faced junkie: bad characters invite invention.
Christopher Hitchens, Mortality|People a lot of times say that they live one life, say that we all live one... no you are in mistake so farI can say that 10 games I have played in which I have died and reborn, then 197 books I have read, 6 more are waiting to be finished, 197 books = 197 lifes, so far!407 films = 407 lifes so far 197 + 407 equal 604... Every dramatical moment in which you have survive like car crash or others such type are equal +1 life... so far it looks like I have lived a lot of. Every Year in the tree branch with the branch...
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can breathe in the sweet scent of a tepid summer’s meadow after the kiss of a warm rain, and in the very same moment we can stand utterly breathless underneath the expanse of untold galaxies that breech the very edges of the universe itself. Such are the privileges we enjoy because of God’s unimaginable imagination.
Justine Dell, Recaptured Dreams|Big surprise, I put you to sleep. Don’t feel bad. It happens all the time.
Mary Sage Nguyen|... only a country to which people flock by the thousands from all corners of the world, has the right to advise others how to live. And the country from which so many others break out, across its frontiers, in tanks, or fly away in the homemade balloons or in the latest supersonic fighter, or escape across mine-fields and through machine-gun ambushes, or give the slip to packs of guard-dogs, that country certainly has no right to teach anyone anything - at least not for the time being.First of all, put your own house in order. Try to create there such a society that people will not dig underground passages in order to escape. Only then shall we earn the right to teach others. And not with our tanks, but with good advice and our own personal example. Observe, admire, then go and imitate our example, if it pleases you.
Joe Torre|Turn off your email; turn off your phone; disconnect from the Internet; figure out a way to set limits so you can concentrate when you need to, and disengage when you need to. Technology is a good servant but a bad master.
Alan Thicke|We have never been strictly political, only strictly funny.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|The constellation she's named after tells the story of a princess, who was shackled to a rock as a sacrifice to a sea monster--punishment for her mother Casseopeia, who had bragged to Poseidon about her own beauty. Perseus, flying by, fell in love with Andromeda and saved her. In the sky, she's pictured with her arms outstretched and her hands chained.
Robert C. O'Brien, Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH|The real point is this: We don't know where to go because we don't know what we are. Do you want to go back to living in a sewer-pipe? And eating other people's garbage? Because that's what rats do. But the fact is, we aren't rats anymore. We are something Dr. Schultz has made. Something new.
Niat|You must accept yourself for who you are, to become the person that you want to be.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|speech to him was a task, a battle, words mustered behind his beard and issued one at a time, heavy and square like tanks.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|A guy never has a right to force a woman to have sex with him under any circumstances. She should be able to say no at any point, and he must honor that denial. It is criminal that so many girls and women are raped today. Fully 60 percent of all females who lose their virginity before age fifteen say that their first sexual experience was forced! That is a tragedy with far-reaching consequences.
Timothy Ciciora, The Right Words at the Right Time Volume 2: Your Turn!|Colon has always thought that heroes had some special kind of clockwork that made them go out and die famously for god, country and apple pie, or whatever particular delicacy their mother made. It had never occurred to him that they might do it because they'd get yelled at if they didn't.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|There is, after all, no moral difference between the bigot and the tolerator. They are from case to case positive or negative. One man is bigoted because he was given the sword of truth, another because he is angered in thoughtlessness; then, one man is tolerant because he was given the flag of peace, another because he is cowardly and wishes to hide all guilt.
Marguerite Duras, The Lover|It occurred to her then that life was conical in shape, the past broadening beyond the sharp point of the lived moment. The more life you had, the more the base expanded, so that the wounds and treasons that were nearly imperceptible when they happened stretched like tiny dots on a balloon slowly blown up. A speck on the slender child grows into a gross deformity in the adult, inescapable, ragged at the edges.
Teresa Tysinger, Someplace Familiar|I didn't plan to be this dysfunctional at 27, but dysfunctionality has a way of creeping up on you. One second, you're 22, wrapping up your undergraduate degree from a top business school, and then suddenly, you're sitting alone in your car at 27, wondering how five years slipped trough your fingers without so much as a blink.
Caitlin Doughty, Smoke Gets in Your Eyes: And Other Lessons from the Crematory|Jason smiled. The sound of wings was louder now, the fluttering of angels come to carry him home.
Dean Koontz, Dark Rivers of the Heart|Part of the problem about authenticity is that virtues aren't the only things that are habit forming: the more someone behaves in a way that is damaging to self or to others, the more "natural" it will both seem and actually be. Spontaneity, left to itself, can begin by excusing bad behavior and end by congratulating vice.
Gayle Wray|Human on human crimes should never be forgotten, or dismissed by time. We are all related here and are linked by spirit.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|It was the human's fault that our worlds separated, and because they separated, I had to choose.  I hate choosing.  Why are humans always so insistent on picking one thing or the other?  If one must choose, why not pick the option that allows both?""Because our lives are short . . . so we have to make decisions . . . to move forward.  Because sometimes . . . you can't have everything.
Sheldon Whitehouse|Concepts like edX and online learning will transform education. This will completely change the world. I believe that people will move to online learning, both on campuses and worldwide. We have a real opportunity to be able to bring people around the world into our fold.
Mitch Albom|Love is how you stay alive, even after you are gone.
Sara Bell, The Devil's Fire| 'The grief didn't fade, but it changed into something I could carry around with me, a noose I wore around my neck. It wasn't until I saw you that the knot loosened.' 
Hans Urs von Balthasar|I began to feel that, in a sense, we were all prisoners of our own history.
Rick Perlstein|Doing difficult things like passing marriage equality, passing the Dream Act, doing common sense things that allow new American immigrants to fully participate, pay their taxes, play by the rules and take care of their families. That's the inclusive America that I believe all of us want to move to.
Leslie Goetsch, Back Creek|Following her instructions, I joined her in the chopping and mixing. The magical smell of pickling spices wound around us and it wasn't long before we were in another world. I was suddenly immersed in the hand-written recipes Mother resurrected from the back of the Hoosier cabinet--in the cheesecloth filled with mustard seed and pungent dill. As we followed the recipes her mother had followed and her mother before that, we talked--as the afternoon wore on I was listening to preserve the stories in my mind. 'I can remember watching my grandmother and mother rushing around this same old kitchen, putting up all kinds of vegetables--their own hand-sown, hand-picked crops--for the winter. My grandmother would tell her stories about growing up right here, on this piece of land--some were hilarious and some were tragic.' Pots still steamed on the stove, but Mother's attention seemed directed backwards as she began to speak about the past. She spoke with a slow cadence, a rhythm punctuated (or maybe inspired) by the natural symphony around us.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|Authentic inspiration endows individuals with mental or spiritual energy which they are then able to transform into positive action. It can make all the difference between a man, woman, or child allowing despair to permanently paralyze any dreams they may have for their lives, or, exercising sufficient strength of will to make those dreams a reality.
Abhijit Naskar|By studying Bhagavad-gītā, one can become a soul completely surrendered to the Supreme Lord and engage himself in pure devotional service. As the Lord takes charge, one becomes completely free from all kinds of materialistic endeavors.
Gerald R. Ford|It is a great day anytime I can bring a smile to a girl or boy, knowing that I am helping to inspire them to always dream big.
Emma Watson|When at 15, my girlfriends started dropping out of their beloved sports teams, because they didn’t want to appear muscle-y, when at 18, my male friends were unable to express their feelings, I decided that I was a feminist.
Shai Tubali, A Guide to Bliss: Transforming Your Life through Mind Expansion|Human beings possess the gift of personal freedom and liberty of the mind. We each possess the sovereignty over the body and mind to define ourselves and embrace the values that we wish to exemplify. Personal autonomy enables humans to take independent action and use reason to establish moral values. We are part of nature. Consciousness, human cognition, and awareness of our own mortality allow us to script an independent survival reality and not merely react to environmental forces.
Nancy Leigh DeMoss, True Woman 201: Interior Design - Ten Elements of Biblical Womanhood|No legitimate work, undertaken for the glory of God, is menial or meaningless. Hard physical labor wasn’t beneath the dignity of the Son of God. Jesus worked as a carpenter for about seventeen years and only about three years doing itinerant ministry. Carpentry was a lowly, ill-paying profession. Yet Jesus was doing God’s work when pounding a nail just as much as He was doing it when preaching on a hillside–because He was doing what God wanted Him to do when God wanted Him to do it (p. 143).
Jon Huntsman, Jr.|Meditation had never been tried before in a medical center, so we had no idea whether mainstream Americans would accept a clinic whose foundation was intensive training in meditative discipline.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|What will people say, you running off to Memphis like you don't have a house to look after?Shug say, Albert. Try to think like you got some sense. Why any woman give a shit what people think is a mystery to me.Well, say Grady, trying to bring light. A woman can't git a man if peoples talk.Shug look at me and us giggle. Then us laugh sure nuff. Then Squeak start to laugh. Then Sofia. All us laugh and 
Nicholas Rinth, The Drowned Tower|If the future was bared before you, would it still be yours? If the past could chase you, would you run from it? If the world crumbled tonight, would you carve your own?
Zac Hanson|I shall go the way of the open sea, to the lands I knew before you came, and the cool ocean breezes shall blow from me the memory of your name.
Ross King, Leonardo and the Last Supper|Lie, illusion, deception, she said--was that it truly, the universal language we all speak?
Jose Saramago|For me personally, I have a fear of, 'If I stop, I'm going to die.' If I stop doing the things that are enriching to me or creatively exciting to me or if I stop creating, then I feel stagnant. If something isn't growing, it's dying.
Wilson Alvarez|If you've never mistyped your password, it isn't complex enough.
Jeanne McElvaney, Old Maggie's Spirit Whispers|Seeing each choice as a kind of energy can empower us. To say "yes" might feel like a dripping faucet. To say "no" might feel like a playful puppy. In feeling the energy, we get to choose beyond what is expected and routine.
Joseph McClendon III|Doctor, I appreciate your diagnosis, but I will not accept your verdict
Dan Barker, Losing Faith in Faith: From Preacher to Atheist|I do understand what love is, and that is one of the reasons I can never again be a Christian. Love is not self denial. Love is not blood and suffering. Love is not murdering your son to appease your own vanity. Love is not hatred or wrath, consigning billions of people to eternal torture because they have offended your ego or disobeyed your rules. Love is not obedience, conformity, or submission. It is a counterfeit love that is contingent upon authority, punishment, or reward. True love is respect and admiration, compassion and kindness, freely given by a healthy, unafraid human being.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|And if people can see themselves for who they really are, they will know that every person has a dark side!~ Aarush Kashyap
Sasha Pieterse|When he came back from downtown, he had forgotten to bring his license, his identification, the $2 for the wedding license. So we got married two days later.
James Patterson, Don't Blink|A lie is my attempt to tamper with the truth so that I need not face the truth. Yet as shrewd as I think myself to be, I would be wise to understand that God designed truth as ultimately tamper-proof.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Perhaps it is only human nature to inflict suffering on anything that will endure suffering, whether by reason of its genuine humility, or indifference, or sheer helplessness.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Our lives consist of a series of internal battles, deep within us, where weapons don't exist and technology is unable to create devices that better the best of yesterday. Our knowledge is our only defense; caution, our only friend.
Bob Schieffer|There I am, watching Philip Seymour Hoffman, one of my favourite actors in the world, walk into the room dressed up as Father Christmas, being hilarious, and I'm suddenly thinking, 'Where am I?'
Monica Hesse, Girl in the Blue Coat|I found a girl who wasn't the girl I was looking for. I let go of a friend I'll still miss every day. I'll go back to work. I'll get better. I'll get better slowly. I'll find all the secret, hidden things.
Pam Dawber|Cryptography is the essential building block of independence for organisations on the Internet, just like armies are the essential building blocks of states, because otherwise one state just takes over another.
Dulce Rodrigues, Travelogue - Egypt through the Eyes of a Western Woman|No matter what we have heard or read about a country, it is our own feeling that counts.
Tina J. Richardson|I guess you were not my friend then, that's okay. I can see my true self, I can see yours, now. I guess that you did not look hard enough at mine. Or you would never have let me go.
Eleanor Roosevelt, The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt|Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.
Werley Nortreus|Free ourselves from the fear of being unlike others, unloved people, unattractive, unwanted, undesirable or unworthy. Love the way you're to be better person.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|At home, besides being Peter or Jane, we also bear a general character; husband or wife, brother or sister, chief, colleague or subordinate. Not among Friends. It is an affair of disentangled, or stripped, minds. Eros will have naked bodies; Friendship naked personalities.
Palle Oswald|If a man treats life artistically, his brain is his heart.
Dale Turner|Dreams are renewable. No matter what our age or condition, there are still untapped possibilities within us and new beauty waiting to be born.
Edmund Husserl|I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Becoming aware of our inner man and woman means to discover the roots and creative potential of both the male and female aspect within ourselves. Becoming aware of the inner man and woman means to understand that they have different visions of life. It means to understand that they have different perspectives and views of life. The inner man and woman are our two wings of love and freedom. Through awareness, acceptance and understanding, we can allow our two wings to develop in a deep and natural harmony. In the world today, a one-sided development of the male side leads to destructivity. A one-sided development of the male side leads to ego, struggle, exhaustion and a separation from life. A one-sided development of the female side leads to passivity and dependence.
Aimee Mann|I don't know what it is with Finnick and bread, but he seems obsessed with handling it.
Lori Handeland, Zombie Island|If you can cut the head off of this broom-goober with that sword, then I'll believe you can gank zombies with it.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|The deeper and slower your breathing becomes, the more space you will create inside you. Eventually, it will become so big that all your thoughts and emotions look trivial in the vastness of your inner space.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|Surely God is good to Israel, to those who are pure in heart. But as for me, my feet had almost slipped; I had nearly lost my foothold. For I envied the arrogant when I saw the prosperity of the wicked.
Ingmar Bergman|The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|Question: You seem to advise me to be self-centered to the point ofegoism. Must I not yield even to my interest in other people?Maharaj: Your interest in others is egoistic, self-concerned, self-oriented. You are not interested in others as persons, but onlyas far as they enrich, or enoble your own image of yourself.And the ultimate in selfishness is to care only for the protection,preservation and multiplication of one's own body. By body Imean all that is related to your name and shape--- your family,tribe, country, race, etc. To be attached to one's name andshape is selfishness. A man who knows that he is neither bodynor mind cannot be selfish, for he has nothing to be selfish for.Or, you may say, he is equally 'selfish' on behalf of everybodyhe meets; everybody's welfare is his own. The feeling 'I am theworld, the world is myself' becomes quite natural; once it is es-tablished, there is just no way of being selfish. To be selfishmeans to covet, to acquire, accumulate on behalf of the partagainst the whole. I Am ThatNisargadatta Maharaj
Kelle Sparta|If you want to know the one thing that will allow you to grow faster than anything else, it is the belief that you may be wrong about absolutely everything you believe. When you can question your beliefs at every possible turn, your opportunities for growth expand exponentially.
Deyth Banger|So agressive, so much screaming, so cruel picture... But that's the truth, better the truth than the lie after a lie and a lie...
Sameh Elsayed|Father, I believe in Thy Word!
Debasish Mridha|To get dividends from life, invest in yourself.
Stevie Smith|Like all sciences and all valuations, the psychology of women has hitherto been considered only from the point of view of men.
Patricia Kay, Gentleman Companion Two|Listen to your heart, it speaks, hear its words
John Paul Warren|After my first few tastes I was pretty much hooked. I'd have dry spells, months without any or only piddling amounts of grace, but I never forgot about it or stopped wanting it.
Suze Orman|Education, like neurosis, begins at home.
Shakieb Orgunwall|Cold stars reflected in the waterAbyss beckons us his dark distance.Our world, only one of hundreds,In which we can not see the sun.In this world, I am uneasy,I want to touch another planets.Because there is dark and cramped,That spirit is calling me to run.Wander through the world I'm tired,And every day to meet the dawn,For me this world has closed its doors.I want to go to other worlds,To know all mysteries of their,And here never to return.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton hadn't changed, but he had. Maybe his old crush still hated him, but it shouldn'tmatter anymore. It didn't matter anymore. He was older, wiser and he had moved on. Jaxtonwas nothing more than an old high school crush.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If in thirst you drink water from a cup, you see God in it. Those who are not in love with God will see only their own faces in it.
Jim Butcher, Summer Knight|Billy squinted at me. "Why are you letting them go?""Because they're real.""How do you know?""The one I was holding crapped on my hand.
Denny Taylor, Rosie's Umbrella|She thought, I need no cup. I am Chalice. I am filling with the grief and hurt and fear of my demesne; the shattered earthlines weigh me down; I am brimming with the needs of my people.
Angelo Tsanatelis, Legends|My embarrassment was complete. If I just had passed out, that would have been bad enough. But to make matters worse, Will had carried me outside, where everyone else was; everyone in my youth group had seen Will carrying me. I felt like melting into the bench on which I sat.
Yasmina Khadra, Swallows of Kabul|But no, now I see I never meant to Ben what Ben meant to me. If there was anything I said which resonated in return, he found a better speech elsewhere. My romance went no further than his coat.
Benjamin Percy|'Down on Me' can't showcase my true talent. 'Birthday Sex' was robotic. When I perform it, I can't give you this church feeling I know I can give.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|The Luddite impulse is strong among Christians, and our first reaction is to rage against the machine.
Jenny Colgan, The Little Shop of Happy Ever After|There was a universe inside every human being every bit as big as the universe outside them. Books were the best way Nina knew - apart from, sometimes, music - to breach the barrier; to connect the internal universe with the external, the words acting merely as a conduct between the two worlds.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The intense thereness of it-haecceity Sax had called it once, when John had asked him something about his religious beliefs-I believe in haecceity, Sax had said, in thisness, in here-and-nowness, in the particular individuality of every moment. That's why I want to know what is this? what is this? what is this? Now, remembering Sax's odd word and his odd religion, John finally understood him; because he was feeling the thisness of the moment like a rock in his hand, and it felt as if his entire life had been lived only to get him to this moment.
Kemi Sogunle|fortes fortuna adiuvat," Marcello had said to his men. Fortune favors the brave, the bold.
Alin Sav|In heaven there will be no tears, because every tear was cried when Jesus died on the cross.
Timothy Snyder, Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin|I guess he had listened to more beefs and more problems from more people than any of us. A guy that'll really listen to you, listen and care about what you're saying, is something rare.
Anais Nin|A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
René Guénon, The Crisis of the Modern World|Those who might be tempted to give way to despair should realize that nothing accomplished in this order can ever be lost, that confusion, error and darkness can win the day only apparently and in a purely ephemeral way, that all partial and transitory disequilibrium must perforce contribute towards the greater equilibrium of the whole, and that nothing can ultimately prevail against the power of truth.
Alexander McCall Smith|Memories of that which we have lost are curious things - weeks, months, even years may pass without recollection of them and then, quite suddenly, something will remind us of a lost friend, or of a favourite possession that has been mislaid or destroyed, and then we think: Yes, that is what I have had and I have no longer
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Starting over is an acceptance of a past we can’t change, an unrelenting conviction that the future can be different, and the stubborn wisdom to use the past to make the future what the past was not.
Madeleine Roux, Sanctum|Sanctum, a holy or sacred place. What could be more sacred than possessing the power of your own true thoughts? Sanctum. It is both lock and key.
Claude Cahun|Realities disguised as symbols are, for me, new realities that are immeasurably preferable. I make an effort to take them at their word. To grasp, to carry out the diktat of images to the letter.
Brian Tracy|Those activities which are not based numbers, Which are based on humans(Customers and Employees) is known as business. Numbers will ultimately increase if humans are happy who are involved.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|Girls are always saying things like, “I’m so unhappy that I’m going to overdose on aspirin,” but they’d be awfully surprised if they succeeded. They have no intention of dying. At the first sight of blood, they panic.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|But without a need, even the finest piece of beef is merely a piece of dead bull is it not?
Joe Hill|You don’t get to tell me how you think I’m going to feel or assume what I’m goingto do. If you don’t want to tell me this secret of yours, then by all means, don’t tell me. I will never force you to do something that you don’t want to do, or force you to tell me something that you will probably never be ready for me to know. That’s fine. Everyone has secrets. But don’t try to predict theoutcome because you think I won’t be able to handle whatever it is you’re hiding. I am a grown man, Kristine. I’m sure I can handle it.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Pluck up a spirit, and do not be all the time sighing and murmuring!
Barbara Casey, The Cadence of Gypsies|I know some words floated through my ears, but my mind refused to absorb their meaning. I just shook my head slowly as the wall of pain washed over me, leaving me submerged and broken in the flood.
Gertrude Atherton, The Bell in the Fog & Other Stories|Authors are far closer to the truths enfolded in mystery than ordinary people, because of that very audacity of imagination which irritates their plodding critics. As only those who dare to make mistakes succeed greatly, only those who shake free the wings of their imagination brush, once in a way, the secrets of the great pale world. If such writers go wrong, it is not for the mere brains to tell them so
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|There are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. Naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. But on the wild nights who can call you home? Only the one who knows your name.
Jefferson Han|Calculating does not equal mathematics. It's a subsection of it. In years gone by it was the limiting factor, but computers now allow you to make the whole of mathematics more intellectual.
Bertrand Russell, In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays|Everyone should get dirt on his hands each day. Doctors, intellectuals. Politicians, most of all. How can we presume to uplift the life of the working man, if we don't respect his work?
Aireen Pontillo|I should live each day as if it were significant, as if everyday the fate of the world depended on my action.
Ann Aguirre, Corsets & Clockwork: 13 Steampunk Romances|Lessons in magic from a mysterious boy who belonged to a hidden Ferisher court called the Wild — I couldn't think of anything that would horrify my parents more. Therefore, the proposition became exponentially more enticing.
José Antonio Bowen, Teaching Naked: How Moving Technology Out of Your College Classroom Will Improve Student Learning|Whenever pastors assume people in their congregation know certain things, they miss opportunities to teach. If a pastor makes assumptions year after year, then a whole generation has never heard [that truth] for the first time. If we assume too much, we communicate too little.
Quentin Meillassoux, After Finitude: An Essay on the Necessity of Contingency|If we look through the aperture which we have opened up onto the absolute, what we see there is a rather menacing power--something insensible, and capable of destroying both things and worlds, of bringing forth monstrous absurdities, yet also of never doing anything, of realizing every dream, but also every nightmare, of engendering random and frenetic transformations, or conversely, of producing a universe that remains motionless down to its ultimate recesses, like a cloud bearing the fiercest storms, then the eeriest bright spells, if only for an interval of disquieting calm. We see an omnipotence equal to that of the Cartesian God, and capable of anything, even the inconceivable; but an omnipotence that has become autonomous, without norms, blind, devoid of the other divine perfections, a power with neither goodness nor wisdom, ill-disposed to reassure thought about the veracity of its distinct ideas. We see something akin to Time, but a Time that is inconceivable for physics, since it is capable of destroying without cause or reason, every physical law, just as it is inconceivable for metaphysics, since it is capable of destroying every determinate entity, even a god, even God. This is not a Heraclitean time, since it is not the eternal law of becoming, but rather the eternal and lawless possible becoming of every law. It is a Time capable of destroying even becoming itself by bringing forth, perhaps forever, fixity, stasis, and death.
Kiki|*You only get one chance to make a first impression.* Ah, whatever!!! Who said you get three chances to make the second impression?!!
Henry Ward Beecher|Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.
Peter Guthrie Tait, Sketch of Thermodynamics|One day, my father said there was nothing outside infinity. He said the universe was like a cardboard box with God sitting outside surrounded by light, but I wanted to know if maybe God was sitting inside another cardboard box with the light on, and how could anyone be sure how many cardboard boxes there are.
Howard Schultz|Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.
Orison Swett Marden|I get to leave here and do what I love, whether I win or lose. And that seems to matter more than anything else.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|lectures broke into one's day and were clearly a terrible waste of time, necessary no doubt if you were reading law or medicine or some other vocational subject, but in the case of English, the natural thing to do was talk a lot, listen to music, drink coffee and wine, read books, and go to plays, perhaps be in plays…
Michael Bassey Johnson|In yet another paradox, bulimia nervosa serves as both an expression of feelings and a defense against experiencing feelings, particularly shame, anger, loneliness, sadness, envy, and guilt. A person with bulimia nervosa fear, whether consciously or unconsciously, that painful feelings would be unbearable, even annihilating".
Anne Lamott|If Congress can move President's Day, Columbus Day and, alas, Martin Luther King's Birthday celebration for the convenience of shoppers, shouldn't they at least consider moving Election Day for the convenience of voters?
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|No one stepping for the first time into a room made of books can know instinctively how to behave, what is expected, what is promised, what is allowed. One may be overcome by horror--at the cluster or the vastness, the stillness, the mocking reminder of everything one doesn't know, the surveillance--and some of that overwhelming feeling may cling on, even after the rituals and conventions are learned, the geography mapped, and the natives found friendly.
Debasish Mridha|You can elevate yourself to a level of higher consciousness simply by changing your thoughts, perceptions, and feelings.
George Head, A Home Tour Through the Manufacturing Districts of England in the Summer of 1835|If time be judiciously employed, there is time for everything.
Leonardo DiCaprio|I gladly, I voluntarily gave up the kind of commercial film career I had going as soon as I had enough money to finance my own films.
Samar Sudha|There are other grounds for believing that gays and lesbians should be respected and protected from oppression: their right to privacy and freedom of actionand expression; the "victimless" nature of homosexual relations; and the many valuable contributions that gays and lesbians make to society.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|Rather than literally burning the midnight oil, which he judged to be unhealthy, John Adams advised his son to make the most of college by developing an inquisitive outlook that would prompt him to get to know the most exceptional scholars and question them closely. "Ask them about their tutors, manner of teaching. Observe what books lie on their tables. Fall into questions of literature, science, or what you will.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|I wanted to explain so much to him at that moment, but you can't give a six-year-old the perspective of a 40-year-old, not really, so I gave him the short course.
Thomas Carlyle|When you question this war on poverty, you get all the criticisms from adherents to the status quo who just don't want to see anything change. We got to have the courage to face that down, just as we did in the welfare reform of the late 1990s, and if we succeeded, we can help resuscitate this culture and get people back to work.
Patricia C. Wrede|Writers and other artists are mostly just historians, produced by nature to describe, decipher and thus historically represent the universe.
Ash Gray, Project Mothership|Some of them are mech,” said Zita, nimbly picking her high heels through the steaming pools of red goo and severed, wriggling limbs. She was splattered with blood and grinning as she came to them, but she frowned to see the utter bafflement on Rose’s face. “Hey, snap out of it. Haven’t you seen mech before?” She kicked a man’s severed head, and Rose gasped when his face slid off, revealing a skull of gleaming silver metal.Rose shook her head. “Mech are illegal. The government s-said they feared a robot war!” she insisted, turning to follow as Zita limped past her.Zita laughed dryly, folding up her rifle and tucking it under her skirt. “Is it so hard to imagine your government lied? Governments tend to do that.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Mud, No Lotus: The Art of Transforming Suffering|Without suffering, there's no happiness. So we shouldn't discriminate against the mud. We have to learn how to embrace and cradle our own suffering and the suffering of the world, with a lot of tenderness.
Antonia Hall, The Ultimate Guide to a Multi-Orgasmic Life|Tapping into our inherent sexuality can offer a gateway to deep healing of past hurts and wounds, which are carried in the body and can hinder one's potentials for leading the happy, sexually fulfilled life we all deserve.
Bailey Cunningham, Pile of Bones|I was pregnable once,” Merill thought to contribute. She remembered how troublesome it made getting around, having a ripe belly. Couldn’t roll properly, couldn’t hop properly, couldn’t romp or flop properly. There were the cravings for roasted cabbage—she loathed cabbage, with its leaves and growing in rows. And labor! Merill passed out during childbirth. She’d endured burns, lacerations, rips, serrated teeth, nails, hooks and a trove of unmentionable harm-inflictors. Labor trounced them all and wriggled gleefully in the spray of blood and gore. “Being pregnable is no good. No good at all. Like growing a bitter melon in your belly.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|In every historical period, the religious groups that grow most rapidly are those that set believers at odds with the surrounding culture.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|there is no place of politics in education. The moment you let politics invade your education system, you inadvertently welcome chaos into the future of young India. Educational institutions have nothing to do with political propagandas. So, open your eyes, and throw any kind of political agenda out of your institutions.
Charlotte Joko Beck|When we refuse to work with our disappointment, we break the Precepts: rather than experience the disappointment, we resort to anger, greed, gossip, criticism. Yet it's the moment of being that disappointment which is fruitful; and, if we are not willing to do that, at least we should notice that we are not willing. The moment of disappointment in life is an incomparable gift that we receive many times a day if we're alert. This gift is always present in anyone's life, that moment when 'It's not the way I want it!
Julius  Bailey, Strife Of The Mighty: Book One Of The Chronicles Of Vrandalin|Too trying, this is all far too trying, Parma thought. An ogre I may outwit or a Rahg I may defeat, but a horde of frightened villagers? Auay! How does Brandegan put up with it?
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The more I learn about the universe, the less convinced I am that there's any sort of benevolent force that has anything to do with it, at all.
Anaïs Nin, House of Incest|I have such a fear of finding another like myself, and such a desire to find one! I am so utterly lonely, but I also have such a fear that my isolation be broken through, and I no longer be the head and ruler of my universe.
Anthony Doerr|Here's what I mean by the miracle of language. When you're falling into a good book, exactly as you might fall into a dream, a little conduit opens, a passageway between a reader's heart and a writer's, a connection that transcends the barriers of continents and generations and even death ... And here's the magic. You're different. You can never go back to being exactly the same person you were before you disappeared into that book.
Thomas Sowell|My dad had this thing - everyone in Canada wants to play hockey; that's all they want to do. So when I was a kid, whenever we skated my dad would not let us on the ice without hockey sticks, because of this insane fear we would become figure skaters!
Munindra Misra, Bhagwat Gita - Its Essence|If you do not worship God seven days a week, you do not worship Him on one day a week. There is no such thing known in heaven as Sunday worship unless it is accompanied by Monday worship and Tuesday worship and so on.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|Amy pulls away and looks into my face. Her pale skin is blotchy red, her eyes are veined and shadowed, and a shiny line of snot trickles from her nose to the top of he
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|THERE IS NO JUSTICE" said Death "JUST ME
Pope Benedict XVI|Without God man neither knows which way to go, nor even understands who he is... One of the deepest forms of poverty a person can experience is isolation... Poverty is often produced by a rejection of God's love, by man's basic and tragic tendency to close in on himself, thinking himself to be self-sufficient or merely an insignificant and ephemeral fact, a "stranger" in a random universe...The human being develops when ... his soul comes to know itself and the truths that God has implanted deep within, when he enters into dialogue with himself and his Creator... It is not by isolation that man establishes his worth, but by placing himself in relation with others and with God.
Pamela K. Kinney, "Let Demon Dogs Lie," Southern Haunts: Devils in the Darkness|I left her wallpapering her much-loved, much-tended little corner of hell.
Barbara Delinsky, Coast Road|It´s like you get started in one direction and pick up speed, and you may forget where you´re going and why,but the momentum takes you there anyway. Only, you find out when you arrive that it isn´t where you wanted to be.
Gautama Buddha|Bahujanahitāya bahujanasukhāya lokānukampāya:For the good of the many, for the happiness of the many, out of compassion for the world.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|College feminists made fun of skyscrapers, saying they were phallic symbols. They said the same thing about space rockets, even though, if you stopped to think about it, rockets were shaped the way they were not because of phallocentrism but because of aerodynamics. Would a vagina-shaped Apollo 11 have made it to the moon? Evolution had created the penis. It was a useful structure for getting certain things done. And if it worked for the pistils of flowers as well as the inseminatory organs of Homo sapiens, whose fault was that but Biology's? But no--anything large or grand in design, any long novel, big sculpture, or towering building, became, in the opinion of the "women" Mitchell knew at college, manifestations of male insecurity about the size of their penises.
Julian Barnes|Well, they each seem to do one thing well enough, but fail to realize that literature depends on doing several things well at the same time.
Strayed, Cheryl|The latest technologies are often sexy, but beware of solutions that vendors dress up like trollops, unless you're looking for a one-night stand.
Edwin A. Abbott, Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions|All faults or defects, from the slightest misconduct to the most flagitious crime, Pantocyclus attributed to some deviation from perfect Regularity in the bodily figure, caused perhaps (if not congenital) by some collision in a crowd; by neglect to take exercise, or by taking too much of it; or even by a sudden change of temperature, resulting in a shrinkage or expansion in some too susceptible part of the frame. Therefore, concluded that illustrious Philosopher, neither good conduct nor bad conduct is a fit subject, in any sober estimation, for either praise or blame. For why should you praise, for example, the integrity of a Square who faithfully defends the interests of his client, when you ought in reality rather to admire the exact precision of his right angles? Or again, why blame a lying, thievish Isosceles when you ought rather to deplore the incurable inequality of his sides?Theoretically, this doctrine is unquestionable; but it has practical drawbacks. In dealing with an Isosceles, if a rascal pleads that he cannot help stealing because of his unevenness, you reply that for that very reason, because he cannot help being a nuisance to his neighbours, you, the Magistrate, cannot help sentencing him to be consumed - and there's an end of the matter. But in little domestic difficulties, where the penalty of consumption, or death, is out of the question, this theory of Configuration sometimes comes in awkwardly; and I must confess that occasionally when one of my own Hexagonal Grandsons pleads as an excuse for his disobedience that a sudden change of the temperature has been too much for his perimeter, and that I ought to lay the blame not on him but on his Configuration, which can only be strengthened by abundance of the choicest sweetmeats, I neither see my way logically to reject, nor practically to accept, his conclusions.For my own part, I find it best to assume that a good sound scolding or castigation has some latent and strengthening influence on my Grandson's Configuration; though I own that I have no grounds for thinking so. At all events I am not alone in my way of extricating myself from this dilemma; for I find that many of the highest Circles, sitting as Judges in law courts, use praise and blame towards Regular and Irregular Figures; and in their homes I know by experience that, when scolding their children, they speak about "right" or "wrong" as vehemently and passionately as if they believed that these names represented real existences, and that a human Figure is really capable of choosing between them.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|You're insane!""I won't argue that point.
Besa Kosova, Raindrops|A homeless man visited my store today. The few quarters that he had in his pocket he invested on books. I offered him free books, but he insisted on giving me his quarters. He walked away filled with joy as if he possessed the world's riches in his hands. In a way, he did. He left me smiling and knowing that he was wealthier than many others... (01-21-10)
Hebrews 1 12|As I look hard at the Bible, however, and at the two thousand years of church history since the Bible's completion, it seems evident that God has accommodated himself over and over to the weakness and even the sin of human beings. He also has called his faithful ones to a similar accommodation. The 'already but not yet' tension is clear not only with the coming of Christ but also throughout the Old Testament story of redemption. God chooses a people as a vehicle for global salvation and then works with them in a convoluted trajectory of obedience and blessing, disobedience and punishment, first this way and then that way. God puts up with a compromised plan for the conquest of Canaan, blesses a monarchy he did not want, forestalls the prophesied judgment on both northern and southern kingdoms for generations, and even then preserves a remnant and reestablishes it in Jerusalem. God works not only through Israel but also through the empires of Egypt, Assyria, Persia, and Rome. God works not only through prophets and saints but also through Joseph's brothers, Balaam and his donkey, Nebuchadnezzar and Darius, Caiaphas and Pilate.
Linda Lantieri|the real tests of life can come a child’s way at any moment,
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|Boy, you knock on the devil's door and he will head slam you through the wall.
Wynand de Beer|Below the surface I lie dreaming,haunting images, in all colours and black.Sunlit sometimes there is no sun there.I keep the dream below the surface,the cracked mask absolute.
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|What the Net seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and contemplation. Whether I’m online or not, my mind now expects to take in information the way the Net distributes it: in a swiftly moving stream of particles. Once I was a scuba diver in the sea of words. Now I zip along the surface like a guy on a Jet Ski.
Margaret Atwood, The Heart Goes Last|Life isn't all about how rich, 'successful' or even intelligent you are, it's all about what impact(s): you've made; you're making or that which is glaringly evident you are going to make.
Stuart Aken|If knowledge is power, let's spread it as widely as possible and dilute it to deny those who would abuse it.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|We'll be Friends Forever, won't we, Pooh?' asked Piglet.Even longer,' Pooh answered.”  Winnie-the-Pooh
Richard Rohr|A lot of us pray as if prayer is really twisting the arm of God or convincing God to do something. We think by saying more words we’ll talk God into it. We think, “If I say it one more time, God will agree with me.” That very attitude is an alienating attitude. It keeps us in the role of doing it “right” or often enough to convince an unready or unwilling God. Wrong, wrong, wrong!19 minutes ago
Kim Yuna|In a world as competitive as ours, the child who does not get a decent education is condemned to the fringes of society. I think all Australians agree that this is intolerable. So we must demand as much of our schools as we do of our sports teams - and ensure that they keep the Australian dream alive for every child.
Tamara Thiel, Random Musings of a Curious Soul|I was barely breathing now, my head felt light. I stumbled to the nearest bench and I clasped my hands together, my fingers gripping each other painfully in an attempt to feel useful. Their job had been to hold fast and it had been so long since they had been empty. They had done their job well, they had clung to those memories even in the dead of night when I was fast asleep, remaining vigilant, keepers of my heart’s most inner desires. My icy hands with their narrow fingers had done my heart's work for so long that they felt bereft now. Good sense was still with me and it reminded me that it was time, way past time. It spoke of better days and of substance, of actuality. It asked for the hardest thing, trust.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume 2|Or just claim it come from Leviticus since nobody ever read Leviticus. This is how you know. Nobody who get to the end of Leviticus can still take that book seriously. Even in a book full of it, that book is mad as shit. Don't lie with man as with woman, sure I can run with that reasoning. But don't eat crab? Not even with the nice, soft, sweet roast yam? And why kill a man for that? And trust me, the last thing any man who rape my daughter going get to do is marry her. How, when I slice him up piece by piece, keeping him alive for all of it and have him watch me feed him foot to stray dog?
Chuck Close|I see myself as, first and above all, a teacher of history; next, a writer of European history; next, a commentator on European affairs; next, a public intellectual voice within the American left; and only then an occasional, opportunistic participant in the pained American discussion of the Jewish matter.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Tram’s road is predetermined, but not yours! You are not a tram, you can choose your path
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|The Victorian woman became her ovaries, as today's woman has become her "beauty.
Syrie James, Dracula, My Love: The Secret Journals of Mina Harker|The saints are little pieces of mystical Christ, sick of love for union. The wife of youth, that wants her husband some years, and expects he shall return to her from oversea lands, is often on the shore; every ship coming near shore is her new joy; her heart loves the wind that shall bring him home. She asks at every passenger news: "Oh! saw ye my husband? What is he doing? When shall he come? Is he shipped for a return?" Every ship that carrieth not her husband, is the breaking of her heart. What desires hath the Spirit and Bride to hear, when the husband Christ shall say to the mighty angels, "Make you ready for the journey; let us go down and divide the skies, and bow the heaven: I will gather my prisoners of hope unto me; I can want my Rachel and her weeping children no longer. Behold, I come quickly to judge the nations." The bride, the Lamb's wife, blesseth the feet of the messengers that preach such tidings, "Rejoice, O Zion, put on thy beautiful garments; thy King is coming." Yea, she loveth that quarter of the sky, that being rent asunder and cloven, shall yield to her Husband, when he shall put through his glorious hand, and shall come riding on the rainbow and clouds to receive her to himself.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|He knew that any given thing on the face of the earth could reveal the history of all things. One could open a book to any page, or look at a person's hand; one could turn a card, or watch the flight of birds... whatever the thing observed, one could find a connection with his experience of the moment. Actually, it wasn't that those things, in themselves, revealed anything at all; it was just that people, looking at what was occurring around them, could find a means of penetration to the Soul of the World.
Felicity Brandon, Friday's Lesson|I'm waiting for you to fucking demand it of me. I don't want you to ask, and I sure as hell don't want you to beg. I want you to fucking demand that I kiss you.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Recounting the strange is like telling one's dreams: one can communicate the events of a dream, but not the emotional content, the way that a dream can colour one's entire day.
Sunday Adelaja|Without risks my friends there is no progress, no advancement either in science or technology.
Natasha Lyonne|I didn't have a teen age at all. I didn't even look at boys, never mind... then suddenly it was like, 'Oh my god!' So I made up for a lot of lost time very quickly. It was kind of bonkers. Working hard, partying hard - but also experiencing life, you know.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|In so-called primitive societies there are two words for power, mana and taboo: the power which creates and the power which destroys; the power which is benign and the power which is malign. Odd that we have retained in our vocabulary the word for dangerous power, taboo, and have lost mana.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|As long as she had books and money, nothing could be a catastrophe.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|I challenge you to destroy whatever roadblock is keeping you from moving forward. Destroy it with your physical body if you must, but first, destroy it with a power greater than a nuclear bomb—the power of your mind. Think it gone and it will go.
Delilah|Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
Joni Eareckson Tada, A Place of Healing: Wrestling with the Mysteries of Suffering, Pain, and God's Sovereignty|But if the strength ain't real, I recall thinking the very last thing that day, before I finally passed out, then the weakness sure enough is. Weakness is true and real. I used to accuse the kid of faking his weakness. But faking proves the weakness is real. Or you wouldn't be so weak as to fake it. No, you can't ever fake being weak. You can only fake being strong. . .
Lailah Gifty Akita|What is essence of knowledge, if it does not change the way we act?
R. Douglas Weber, Solomon's Key The Codis Project: A Conspiracy Thriller|some people want just, to sit back and watch the world burn.
Elisabeth Sanxay Holding, The Blank Wall|…these mothers at their midnight council were more like one great mind probing itself, divided at times as great minds may be, but one entity
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|Since she's discoveredmen would rather drownthan nibble,she does just fine.
Benjamin Disraeli|What is it that distinguishes you and me from the lower animals - from the beasts? More, I say, than anything else, human sympathy - human sympathy.
Thomas Mullen, The Many Deaths of the Firefly Brothers|You already made the choice, you are simply here to walk it.
Ryū Murakami, Almost Transparent Blue|When I went on anyway, my body began to grow cold, and I thought I was dead. Face pale, my dead self sat down on a bench and began to turn toward my real self, who was watching this hallucination on the screen of the night. My dead self came nearer, just as if it might want to shake hands with my real self. That's when I panicked and tried to run. But my dead self pursued me and finally caught me, entered me and controlled me. I'd felt then just the way I felt now. I felt as if a hole had opened in my head from which consciousness and memory leaked out and in their place the rash crowded in, and a cold like spoiled roast chicken. But that time before, shaking and clinging to the damp bench, I'd told myself, Hey, take a good look, isn't the world still under your feet? I'm on this ground, and on this same ground are trees and grass and ants carrying sand to their nests, little girls chasing rolling balls, and puppies running.
Vladimir Nabokov, Laughter in the Dark|I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare -- or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad -- who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of lead piping.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|Between goal and success, there is one critical thing - perseverance: it is the fundamental belief to always succeed, the determination to turn goal to gold, the greatness to never give up, the foresight to dream that enables you to make it happen.
Titus Lucretius Carus|fear in sooth holds so in check all mortals, becasue thay see many operations go on in earth and heaven, the causes of which they can in no way understand, believing them therefore to be done by power divine. for these reasons when we shall have seen that nothing can be produced from nothing, we shall then more correctly ascertain that which we are seeking, both the elements out of which every thing can be produced and the manner in which every thing can be produced in which all things are done without the hands of the gods.
Harrish Sairaman|If you follow, practice and live ‘Ownership’, you have arrived in Life
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|We straighten , bu our snickering is barely contained as we attempt to focus our attention on a picture of a discarded Coke can. "This guy's lady love is kind of a slob, don't you think?" he whispers.I cover my mouth with my hands again."A reaaaaaaaal litterbug.""Stop it," I hiss. My eyes are watering. "Ohmygod look at this one! How did he get her toenail clippings?""If you were my girl," he whispers, "I'd take creepy pictures of your trash when I knew you weren't looking.""If you were my girl," I whisper back," I"d put the creepy pictures in a foreign museum so you wouldn't know that I take creepy pictures.
zia|On the third, directly before me, were embedded more polished letters: PER OMNIA SAECULA SAECULORUM.For ever and ever. In the red light, the brushed steel glowed softly, like embers. The polish letters blazed.Without a hiss, For ever and ever slid aside, as though inviting me to eternity.
Rachael Wade, Preservation|I winked and locked my arm in Carter's, and we stood there, watching Dean stroll away."You know the guy's never gonna give up," Carter nudged me, letting out a sigh."We'd have really pretty babies, huh?""Yup. They'd be rad little Brangelinas, running around tearing the place up.""Yeah, you're right. My rejection is such a disservice to the world...
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Raise your vibration, Not your tone of voice..You gain inspiration, For Peace is a choice.
Coco J. Ginger|It would be erroneous to say Sohrab was quiet. Quiet is peace. Tranquility. Quiet is turning down the volume knob on life.Silence is pushing the off button. Shutting it down. All of it. Sohrab's silence wasn't the self imposed silence of those with convictions, of protesters who seek to speak their cause by not speaking at all. It was the silence of one who has taken cover in a dark place, curled up all the edges and tucked them under.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|So you choose him?''Cal betrayed me, and I betrayed him. And you betrayed us both, in a thousand different ways.' The words are heavy as stone but right. So right. 'I choose no one.
Lemony Snicket, The Reptile Room|If we suspect that a man is lying, we should pretend to believe him; for then he becomes bold and assured, lies more vigorously, and is unmasked.
Joe Bailey|Really think about what you want your eulogy to say about you, then live THAT.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|True education reveals self-potential, more than just sows ideas.
Lucius Septimus Severus|When our objectives become purely military, we've already lost the larger fight.
Nikhil Sharda|When journalists are 'accused' of being 'advocates', that means: challenging and deviating from DC orthodoxies.
Jeanne Birdsall, The Penderwicks in Spring|When Batty got back home from walking the dogs, there were teenagers lounging all over the place, some left over from the basketball game, some arriving for the birthday dinner, some who fit into both categories. For once, she hardly cared, too delighted to see that Oliver's sleek car was no longer in the driveway. Hoping that he was gone forever, she rushed into the house and ended up in the kitchen, where dinner preparations were in full swing. Mr. Penderwick was chopping up vegetables for quesadillas, Rosalind was pulling a cake out of the oven, Jeffrey was shredding cheese, and Iantha was cooking up small, plain cheese quesadillas for Lydia, who was to be fed before the big dinner got rolling. Then there were the non-workers: Lydia in her high chair, wearing both her crown and her lamb bib, her new pink rabbit beside her; Jane sitting cross-legged on the floor, in everyone's way; Ben, strutting around, showing off his new Celtics T-shirt; and Asimov, sticking close to Jeffrey, hoping for falling cheese.
Joel Osteen|I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|Cheer up, make every endeavor worthwhile and never get tempted to take away the privilege to smile because life deserves joy and laughter.
Patricia O'Sullivan, Hope of Israel|He means to succeed, and a man who has centuries before him can afford to wait and to go slow.
Amy Guth, Three Fallen Women|There was a time Jeff and Helen loved each other and touched each other's hands and ate breakfast in cafes together and secretly fucked in public, the way people in like do. Then came a time they made each other crazy and beat their hands on steering wheels and tore up love letters and photographs and said goodbye.
Marc Reisner, Cadillac Desert: The American West and Its Disappearing Water|In 1904, the newly created Los Angeles Department of Water and Power issued its first public report. 'The time has come,' it said, 'when we shall have to supplement the supply from another source.' With that simple statement, William Mulholland was about to become a modern Moses. But instead of leading his people to the promised land, he would cleave the desert and lead the promised waters to them.
Chris     Martin, See You Soon|We don't tell anyone the darker side of things. We've been through all the breakups and addictions and all that. But we have a chemistry that no one else in the world has. So we don't mess with it." - Chris Martin
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|If the creation of the Universe was left up to a atheist, we would still have nothing.
Irvin D. Yalom, Love's Executioner and Other Tales of Psychotherapy|The creative members of an orthodoxy, any orthodoxy, ultimately outgrow their disciplines.
Patrick Gale, A Place Called Winter|He was not a scholar – his brain seemed too sluggish or too dreamy to grasp the things demanded of it – but he was never happier than when left alone among books, and would spend hours turning the pages of atlases, novels or tales from history, alive to the alternative versions of himself they seemed to proffer.
Oscar Wilde|When I think of all the harm [the Bible] has done, I despair of ever writing anything to equal it.
Richard Siken|You don’t know anything about me, Tyler. I would suggest you stop trying to fucking psychoanalyse me. I’ve already told you that I have no love to give. We fuck, that’s about it with you and me.
Kate Jacobs, The Friday Night Knitting Club|And failure, if you want to know, Dakota, is just another opportunity to try again.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|There is some awe mixed with the joy of our surprise, when this poet, who lived in some past world, two or three hundred years ago, says that which lies close to my own soul, that which I also had wellnigh thought and said.
Catrina Burgess, Awakening|You killed me.” My voice was unsteady.He held me close again. “I brought you back.”“Please tell me we only have to do that once.”He whispered against my ear, “I swear I won’t kill you again. Cross my heart and hope to die.” It was a bad joke
David Deida, Intimate Communion|I am thinking about the way that life can be so slippery; the way that a twelve-year-old girl looking into the mirror to count freckles reaches out toward herself and that reflection has turned into that of a woman on her wedding day, righting her veil. And how, when that bride blinks, she reopens her eyes to see a frazzled young mother trying to get lipstick on straight for the parent/teacher conference that starts in three minutes. And how after that young woman bends down to retrieve the wild-haired doll her daughter has left on the bathroom floor, she rises up to a forty-seven-year-old, looking into the mirror to count age spots.
Ernst von Salomon, Der Fragebogen|The plane touches down on very rough ground: its wheelbarrow wheels bounce and one set of wings rises alarmingly while the other dips. Now the Masai and the plane are converging. It's a magnificent shot: the Masai run, run, run, run; because of the optics it is dreamlike. The little plane bounces, shudders, slews and finally makes lasting contact with the ground. At exactly the right moment, as the plane comes to a halt, the Masai warriors, in a highly agitated state, reach the plane, and the camera closes on the pilot, whose face as he removes his leather flying helmet and goggles, appears just above the bobbing red ochre composition of plaited hair and fat-shone bodies. It is Mel Gibson, with a grave expression, which can't quite suppress his unruly Aussieness.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|The part of the tradition that I knew best was mostly written (or rewritten for children) in England and northern Europe. The principal characters were men. If the story was heroic, the hero was a white man; most dark-skinned people were inferior or evil. If there was a woman in the story, she was a passive object of desire and rescue (a beautiful blond princess); active women (dark, witches) usually caused destruction or tragedy. Anyway, the stories weren’t about the women. They were about men, what men did, and what was important to men.
Abraham Lincoln|The Declaration of Independence, the United States Constitution, the constitutions of the several states, and the organic laws of the territories all alike propose to protect the people in the exercise of their God-given rights. Not one of them pretends to bestow rights.
John C. Calhoun|I think, in terms of activism associated with my films, be it 'Salaam Baalak Trust' or 'Maisha,' taking the idea of cinema as a way to change people, I feel heartened. I am glad that we have impacted thousands of lives.
Beverly Engel, The Nice Girl Syndrome: Stop Being Manipulated and Abused -- And Start Standing Up for Yourself|Survivors who don’t stand up for themselves often develop physical and emotional illnesses. Many become depressed because they feel so hopeless and helpless about being able to change their lives. They turn their anger inward and become prone to headaches, muscle tension, nervous conditions and insomnia.
Zhuangzi|Yet the stupid believe they are awake, busily and brightly assuming they understand things, calling this man ruler, that one herdsman – how dense! Confucius and you are both dreaming! And when I say you are dreaming, I am dreaming, too. Words like these will be labeled the Supreme Swindle.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The people who need to grow, are the ones allowed the least chance to have a say in their own growth.
Barbara De Angelis|The Divine of the Lord in heaven is love, for the reason that love is receptive of all things of heaven, such as peace, intelligence, wisdom and happiness.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We witness in two ways: by life and by word . . . God’s purpose . . , after we have been converted is that we be witnesses to His saving grace and power. We are to be commandoes for Christ. We are to be minute-men for Him.
Anne Rice, Merrick|What lurked beneath my fancy frills, behind my quiet unquestioning eyes? Who was I? Had I no remembrance of a warmer flame than that which gave its wintry glow to my faint smile at those who asked it of me? I remembered no one who had ever lived and breathed within my quietly moving form~ The Vampire Armand
|Some people can't stand to see others succeed with their dreams. But little do they know that it is a blessing to know a lot of successful people, because they can motivate one to push beyond one's comfort zone. Therefore, vow to never be a product of jealousy.
David Levithan, Every Day|We cannot choose who offends us, but we can choose how to respond when we are offended.
William Gibson, Pattern Recognition|The future is there," Cayce hears herself say, "looking back at us. Trying to make sense of the fiction we will have become. And from where they are, the past behind us will look nothing at all like the past we imagine behind us now.
Elizabeth Blackburn|As a Humanist, I love science. I hate superstition, which could never have given us A-bombs.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|When you really believe that using sword can kill people,that's when you will be subject to the law of the sword,"those who use the sword will die by the sword.
Dara Horn, The World to Come|When he finally fell asleep, his dreams contained no stories at all, but only the hard stones of thoughts: the unimaginably unlikely coincidence of being alive at the same time as the love of your life, the frequency with which a person was expected to bear the body and the burden of someone else, the idiocy of thinking that kindness can protect the person who is kind, and worst of all, the bottomless pit of a truth that he had suddenly, sickeningly seen: that the world to come that his parents had always talked about was not an afterlife at all, but simply this world, to come--the future world, your own future, that you were creating for yourself with every choice you made in it.
Jared C. Wilson, The Storytelling God: Seeing the Glory of Jesus in His Parables|To me God’s voice and inspiration is stronger, of greater importance and authority than that of any fairy or any other spirit like creature from above or below earth. My Spirit Tales are stories based on truth and inspired by His writings.Stories about YHWH and His great wonderful acts are definitely not fairytales but Spirit Tales.
Kiera Cass, The Crown|His lips parted under hers, damp and soft and warm, and she forgot all of that. Her entire life focused in on the sensations, the gentle pressure that grew more intense the longer the kiss went on.Chaste kisses, then dirtier ones, and man, those tasted good. They tasted better the wider her mouth opened, and especially after his tongue touched hers.She could have done a whole semester of kissing with Shane. Intense personal study. With lab classes.Time really wasn’t happening for her, but eventually Claire realized that there was a soft glow coming from the windows, and she was numb and sore from sitting on the floor. She winced as a muscle in her back protested, and Shane reached out, pulled her up, and settled himself on the couch.He stretched out, and extended a hand to her. She stared, tingling and confused. “There’s no room.’”“Plenty of room,’” he said.She felt breathless and kind of wild, stretching out on the tiny area of sofa cushion available next to him, and then smothered a yelp as Shane picked her up and draped her over his chest and, oh my God, over all the rest of him, too.“Better?’” he asked, and raised his eyebrows. It was a real question, and he was looking for a real answer. Claire felt a blush building a fire in her cheeks, but she didn’t look away from his gaze.“Perfect,’” she said.
Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|Teaching school is like having jumper cables hooked to your brain, draining all the juice out of you.
Betsy Lerner, The Forest for the Trees|[I]t's the child writer who has figured out, early on, that writing is about saving your soul.
Mikhail Zoshchenko|Light's all very well, brothers, but it's not easy to live with.
Donna Augustine, Jinxed|Do you need me to carry you?" The words were said softly but with a definite edge. He looked so angry, I wasn't sure if he was mad or trying to help.	"No." The last thing I wanted was to be carried out of there. I turned in my seat and tried to get a read on him. An idiot would have known he was pissed, but beyond that, I got nothing. Why was he the only person in my life I had so much trouble reading. He started to lean down and I realized I was out of time. 	"Don't you dare," I said, trying to delay whatever action he was preparing to take. Looks like my stall quota had been all used up. If I'd had any delusions of him cutting me any slack because of what had happened between us, I was quickly realizing how wrong I'd been. He seemed even worse.
Robert Falcon Scott|Navigating a nonsober world of restaurants and bars, dinner parties, and benefits is like anything that requires practice. Like tennis or a foreign language, it gets easier the more you do it. But like all beginnings, it can be awkward. You stumble, you worry, and then there are unexpected moments of grace that give you the courage to keep going.
Ghaleya Aldhafiri|During these times of stress and strain where society is flooded with negativity and loss of hope for humanity, I have a friendly reminder. I am a firm believer in the particularly special sect in society that happens to be significantly socially educated in modern generations. I want to kindly remind you of the people that grasp hope and humanity firmly in one hand and their neighbor with the other. There is a significant amount of loving and educated people that will be the reason we look back at negative events that occur today in awe. And with so much bigotry and lack of humanity today, we must remember that with no struggle there is no progress. The struggles we experience today are the motives for the progress and accomplishments of tomorrow, remember that. When you encounter social pessimism, remember to set the example for newer generations to come and leave the past to dwell where it belongs.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Another point of economy is to look for seed of the same kind as you sow, and not to hope to buy one kind with an other kind. Friendship buys friendship; justice, justice; military merit, military success...Yet there is commonly a confusion of expectations on these points. Hotspur lives for the moment, praises himself for it, and despises Furlong, that he does not. Hotspur of course is poor, and Furlong is a good provider. The odd circumstance is that Hotspur thinks it a superiority in himself, this improvidence, which ought to be rewarded with Furlong's lands.
Samuel Colbran, Lake Merrin|Writing, unfortunately, takes last priority for my time but it's the first priority in my heart I wish I had all the time for. Such is reality.
John C. Reilly|America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech.
Andy Harglesis|Let us not be judged by actions, but by means.
Ellery A. Kane, Prophecy|Quin lay down next to me and buried his face in my neck. I felt everything hidden and heavy inside him collapse in my arms. His hot tears joined with mine."I need you.""I know," I answered.
Ellen J. Barrier|Sometimes we bring to a struggle or cause the gifts we see most clearly, a courage, a strength, or a charm others have told us we have. But often we find more is asked of us than that, more than we intended or thought we possessed. We are asked to offer that which we thought dearest, to forgive what seemed unpardonable, to face what we feared the most and endure it. Sometimes we have to travel to the last step a path that was not of our own choosing. But I promise you this ... it will lead to a greater joy in the end. The difficulty is that the end is beyond our sight, it is a matter of faith, not of knowledge.
Angie  Morgan, Leading From the Front: No-Excuse Leadership Tactics for Women|True leadership is not defined by notoriety, power, prestige, status, or job title.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|That is the worst thing about despair: it is not constant, any more than love is.
James Patterson|I do believe that the original sources of all religions should be taught, because with that we will find our similarities, not just our differences. I believe that if Mohammed, Buddha, Jesus, and Moses all got together they would be best of friends because the spiritual basis of all religions is something that builds unity.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Feel my passion,Taste my desire,Unite and intertwine our emotions,Dare to be one with me,I in return will allow you to touch my soul.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|The people around you are mirrors, I think. You see yourself reflected in their eyes. If the mirror is true, and smooth, you see your true self. That’s how you learn who you are.
Chris Evans|For the youth, the indignation of most things will just surge as each birthday passes.
Octavia E. Butler|If you work hard enough at something that doesn’t matter, you can forget for a while about the things that do.
John Shelton Jones, Awakening Kings and Princes Volume I: Sacred Knowledge to Nourish the Mentality, Support Spiritual Growth, Learning the Light, and Progressing to Become a Master Lover While Embracing Desire|Ultimately, a woman’s nature loves the desire to be desired, a passionate and uncontrollable desire. Sometimes it comes with a sacrifice or greater investment than usual.
Theodore Roosevelt|All America lies at the end of the wilderness road, and our past is not a dead past, but still lives in us. Our forefathers had civilization inside themselves, the wild outside. We live in the civilization they created, but within us the wilderness still lingers. What they dreamed, we live, and what they lived, we dream.
Tom Santopietro, The Sound of Music Story: How A Beguiling Young Novice, A Handsome Austrian Captain, and Ten Singing von Trapp Children Inspired the Most Beloved Film of All Time|A Book for the Service Minded as well as the Government Bashers, on How to Be and How Not to Be.
Geoffrey Wood|When sex was something godlike, Lust was the profane curiosity that killed many a straying cat. Now, having removed mystery, Lust is less a long-standing, overpowering yearning, more a sudden craving of the appetite. Less quest, more impulse buy.
Rochunga Pudaite, The Dime That Lasted Forever|It is through our communion with the Holy Spirit that we are able to apprehend the things that God has given us, through our union with Jesus Christ. If you haven’t taken the time to invite Him in, I advise you to do so now . Begin by seeking God specifically concerning marriage. Ask Him to prepare and position you, so that when it is time, you will be found in the right place, doing the work of God. Believe in His willingness to guide you. Trust in His wisdom and power in bringing His promises to pass. Ask Him to 'speak on' concerning your mate and your future. You may be surprised at how eager He is to answer.
Ivan Turgenev, First Love|Life goes on and on after one's luck has run out. Youthfulness persists, alas, long after one has ceased to be young.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I’m so drunk,” I said through the bathroom door, though it wasn’t true. I’d declared it to him in my anxiety to take pressure and responsibility off of myself for what I wanted to do next. I had already decided I at least wanted to kiss him, be held. Yet my desire surprised me. I felt the weight of shame not only on rape now, but on sex too. I was confused by it. I felt unready to hold myself responsible for the decision if I slept with him.
David       Cook, Heart of Oak|In our opinion, Coke is great from a can, still good from a bottle, yet hard to get just right from the fountain. But oh, when they do get it right, it tastes good enough to be an eighth wonder of the world.
Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World|No honest journalist should be willing to describe himself or herself as 'embedded.' To say, 'I'm an embedded journalist' is to say, 'I'm a government Propagandist.
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun|Child, when do you think is the time to love somebody the most? When he’s done good and made things easy for everybody? That ain’t the time at all. It’s when he’s at his lowest……and he can’t believe in himself because the world’s whipped him so!
Sunday Adelaja|You determine the destiny of the nation, this is your time
Donna Lynn Hope|She is always pretending she loves me, but look at her now. Am I in her thoughts? Is there a tender look in her eyes? Is she dreaming of me as she walks along the streets?
Patti Roberts|And what if there are only spiders there, or something of that sort
Sue Barr, According to Plan|Hey Shelly, you’re looking at me like I’m from another planet. What’s wrong?”“Nothing’s wrong. Bubbles sold me alien abduction insurance. I haven’t got a care in the world.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|Faith is the mortar that fills the cracks in the evidence and the gaps in the logic, and thus it is faith that keeps the whole terrible edifice of religious certainty still looming dangerously over our world.
David W. Earle|I guess we all feel we're in control and we are, until we're not. The problem is that seldom can we tell when it is that we step over the precipice of no return - and then for most of us it is to late.
Theodora Goss|Accept criticism. If you do not offer your work for criticism and accept that criticism, meaning give it serious thought and attention, then you will never improve.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|When I think about the kind of guy I want to marry, I think I might prefer someone who knows where they are going. I mean a prince pretty much has his whole life planned out already, doesn't he? And this is important because I have no idea where I'm going or what I want to do with my life.
Katie Holmes|It is one of my pet hates when I see players who have agents who do everything for them. They don't know how to set up their own bank accounts, they don't know what they are spending their money on and they can't make their own decisions.
Unknown|To be beautiful is a good thing, for which we should thank Nature—to be attractive, morally, rather than physically, is, however, a thing for which we should thank Nature even more, if she be good enough to have endowed us with that lasting quality.
C. Barnett II|No matter what justification you have for your feelings, you cannot wish harmful things on others.
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry's list again. 'Just yer wand left -- oh yeah, an I still haven't got yeh a birthday present.' Harry felt himself go red. 'You don't have to --' 'I know I don't have to. Tell yeh what, I'll get yer animal.
Alisa Steinberg, Text Me, A Tale of Love and Technology|I don't watch reality TV, my reality is tough enough.
Buddha|Every time I'm in Georgia, I eat a peach for peace.
Mussadiq Abdul Rahim|Loud actions, small people, loud voice, small mouths, loud world, small minds.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|There is something subversive about this garden of Serena's, a sense of buried things bursting upwards, wordlessly, into the light, as if to point, to say: Whatever is silenced will clamor to be heard, though silently.
RVM|If the past was what we were meant to see…then behind, not in front, our eyes would be.
Jo Leigh, Ms. Match|That's what got her, of course. That everyone thought it so unbelievable that she could possibly attract a man like him. It shouldn't upset her because it was true. She couldn't. Not in this world, in this lifetime. Yet she didn't appreciated everyone else acting as if they were the most improbable twosome since Quasimodo hit on Esmeralda.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information|Is it too much to expect from the schools that they train their students not only to interpret but to criticize; that is, to discriminate what is sound from error and falsehood, to suspend judgement if they are not convinced, or to judge with reason if they agree or disagree?
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|I love the longueurs of a book even if they seem pointless because you can get a peek into the author’s mind, a glimpse of their creative soul.
Aditya Ajmera|The moment you think you know something inside out, is the moment you stop listening. That's when you go backwards faster than you progressed
Richard Smalley|Thin people release the fork, and they chew the food with the fork on the table. They chew their food slowly. They look around at each other or the wall or a picture. They listen to the music. They sit back and take a breath. They do something other than concentrate on shoving the food into their body.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t make your job your assignment. Rather, make your life assignment your career and job
Rachel Griffiths|Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The grace and blessing of God is sufficient to carry us through the storms of life. With persistence and determination, victory awaits us at end of the journey.
Michelle Templet|Conservatives and those on the right are usually willing to settle for thinking themselves correct on political issues; those on the left have always needed to feel not so much that they are correct but that they are also good. Disagree with someone on the right and he is likely to think you obtuse, wrong, sentimental, foolish, a dope; disagree with someone one the left and he is more likely to think you selfish, cold-hearted, a sellout, evil-in league with the devil, he might say, if he didn't think religious terminology too coarse for our secular age. To this day one will hear of people who fell for Communism in a big way let off the hook because they were sincere; if one's heart is in the right place, nothing else matters, even if one's naive opinions made it easier for tyrants to murder millions.
Mother Teresa|Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|But when they changed their plans time and time again, the dates became confused, the periods were mislaid, and one day seemed so much like another that one could not feel them pass.
Raymond E. Feist, Shards of a Broken Crown|All his life he has been in the shadow of Grandfather, and of the man for whom he was named."..."Then, Grandfather would tell us it has nothing to do with fame.”“He enjoyed the notoriety, though,” said Dash.“Agreed,” said Jimmy. “But he gained it from being so bloody brilliant at what he did. He didn’t set out to be the most fiendishly clever noble in history.”“Maybe that’s what Father knew from the start; it’s just getting the job done and let history decide what history will decide,” observed Dash.
Mohammed iro|When you dance, you measure distance as if it’s a solid thing; you make precise judgments every time two bodies exist in relation to each other. So I knew right away the definition of the space between us.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|If there are to be rules, they must be articulable and defensible, like etiquette. I do not do anything simply because my family did it. I do things because they make sense, and because they are elegant.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Implementing best practice is copying yesterday, innovation is inventing tomorrow.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|Soon, she and the rest of them would be ironic much of the time, unable to answer an innocent question without giving their words a snide little adjustment. Fairly soon after that, the snideness would soften, the irony would be mixed in with seriousness, and the years would shorten and fly.
Natalia Marx, Fire & Raine|She would stay there, flying across the sea like a mermaid with wings, until the end.
Leah Reader|You should love something while you have it, love it fully and without reservation, even if you know you'll lost it someday. We lose everything. If you're trying to avoid loss, there's no point in taking another breath, or letting your heart beat one more time. It all ends. That's all life is. Breathing in, breathing out. The space between two breaths.
Alan Perlis|Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.
Anthony T. Hincks|F.O.I. protects the guilty, but not the innocent!
Sunday Adelaja|To regain your lost years, you must make sure that any activity targeted at attaining your goal must be done with the qualities of intensity, speed and focus
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Do the good work, with the resources you have.
Tina Turner|I listen to the older people who talk to me. I call them my old heads, people with a lot of wisdom. They'll teach you a lot if you listen.
Trevor Rabin|For years in football I was angry with the game, angry with pundits and, a lot of the time, angry with the journalists writing about me. All that changed when I got my break in movies.
Arthur Wellesley|Next to a battle lost, the greatest misery is a battle gained.
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|They tried to believe in their classmates. They must have believed that if we could all get together, then we might end up being saved. We should commend them for that. We couldn't do that.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|When I read a book, I put in all the imagination I can, so that it is almost like writing the book as well as reading it - or rather, it is like living it. It makes reading so much more exciting, but I don't suppose many people try to do it.
Garth Stein, A Sudden Light|Can I have my knife back?' Meaning, can I have my knife back. I don't care whether this man seems like he only goes after age appropriate penis; I won't be taking any chances. And I won't be going any farther thank the juvie center parking lot with him either. I put the run in runaway.
M.R. Laver, A Tale of Mist and Shadow|Most attribute the domain of night to evil because they can't see. People fear the shadows of the night because shadows represent the unknown, and the unknown is frightening. They assume evil lurks behind every shadow, in every corner not illuminated. But their fear of the unknown is often what really terrifies them. They find comfort seeing in the daylight for that reason, but the irony is they are often more blinded by their comfort than by the shadow of night. It's a pity. If they could overcome their fear of the unknown they might realize that the unknown is not evil, it is simply an opportunity waiting to be explored. The night is no more a domain of evil than the daylight, both were created good, both have evil lurking in them. When you can overcome your fear, the night becomes a domain of beauty interlaced with danger, and that is exciting!
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|The thrill of science is the process. It's a social process. It's a process of collective discovery. It's debate, it's experimentation and it's verification of claims that might be false. It's the greatest foundation for a society.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Right. So no plans at all then?"Jenna frowned. "Other than rocking in the fetal position for a while?""Yeah, I was thinking about taking one of those showers where you huddle in the corner fully clothed and cry," Archer offered.
John Banville, Ancient Light|The dead are my dark matter, filling up impalpably the empty spaces of the world.
Lionel Sosa|The work of popular education, the temperance movement, the peace movement, are to a great extent carried on by the young. Their meetings show that the young understand one of their tasks: that of bringing together the different classes through social intercourse.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I have said: "Blow out the lamp! Day is here!" And you keep saying: "Give me a lamp so I can find the day.
Bat for Lashes|I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters.
Steven Lake|Writers are in many ways like demi-gods. With one stroke of a pen they can give life to a character, or strike them from existence, with nary a twinge of grief at their passing.
Nikki Gemmell, The Bride Stripped Bare|Alone you're refinding a glittering, a clarity, you're finding your distilled self. ...You think of the two types of aloneness you've known recently: this wonderful, sparkly, soul-refreshing type, and the despairing loneliness that sucks the breath from your life.
Kemi Sogunle|Everyday, God shows us what love and compassion is about, through everything He created. We must learn to see beyond our differences and look deeper into our hearts. Everything in life will shape you, if you allow yourself embrace the truth...no matter how much it hurts. The truth is associated with love and love is all we need.
Alexandra Daddario|When I was 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, I had so many people I looked up to and was so inspired by all these different people. It's cool to be in that position.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|She spoke of these with animation, and heard my admiring comments with a smile of pleasure: that soon, however, vanished, and was followed by a melancholy sigh; as if in consideration of the insufficiency of all such baubles to the happiness of the human heart, and their woeful inability to supply its insatiate demands.
Henry Cloud|Some say I'm an overnight success. Well, that was a very long night that lasted about 10 years.
m.k dindoyal|As time flies, its the kid who becomes his parents' shadow.
George R.R. Martin|Nothing' isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just... nothing." Arya Stark
Salman Rushdie|Among the great struggles of man-good/evil, reason/unreason, etc.-there is also this mighty conflict between the fantasy of Home and the fantasy of Away, the dream of roots and the mirage of the journey.
Vironika Tugaleva|Peace is not the absence of pain, but the welcoming of pain as a teacher.
Donna Lynn Hope|Our hearts will be broken a thousand times over, but who is to say that our hearts were ever perfect to begin with? Maybe they can withstand a few cracks. After all, the way that we love is not perfect. We love things to such an incomprehensible depth that these things become worn in. Wouldn’t the most beautiful thing in the world be a heart that has been through all of the wear and tear, as worn in as your favorite sweater that both keeps you warm and grants you a smile in return? That’s the kind of heart that I want. Bruises make for beautiful colors after all.
Horace Mann|The Negro race, like all races, is going to be saved by its exceptional men. The problem of education, then, among Negroes must first of all deal with the Talented Tenth; it is the problem of developing the Best of this race that they may guide the Mass away from the contamination and death of the Worst, in their own and other races.
Miranda Kerr|A rose can never be a sunflower, and a sunflower can never be a rose. All flowers are beautiful in their own way, and that's like women too.
Tonny K. Brown|If you lack confidence in setting one word after another and sense that you are stuck in a place from which you will never be set free, if you feel sure that you will never make it and were not cut out to do this, if your prose seems stillborn and you completely lack confidence, you must be a writer.
Vladimir Odoyevsky|Pride and folly, they go together like two tightly grasping hands.
Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince|Once upon a time fairy tales were told to audiences of young and old alike. It is only in the last century that such tales were deemed fit only for small children, stripped of much of their original complexity, sensuality, and power to frighten and delight.
Fern Schumer Chapman, Motherland: Beyond the Holocaust: A Mother-Daughter Journey to Reclaim the Past|The living take a part of the dead with them, carrying them around in their minds, like a song that lingers after the music has been turned off.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Moksha – the liberation form, the web of maya be,Freedom from the cycles of birth and death clearly;- 33 -
Nhat Hanh|I'm a very positive thinker, and I think that is what helps me the most in difficult moments.
Apol Lejano-Massebieau|A utopia cannot, by deﬁnition, include boredom, but the ‘utopia’ we are living in is boring.
Dhani Jones|I basically taught myself how to DJ, but I've been inspired by DJs throughout my whole career. I have some good friends that would hook us up with music. You learn some little things here and there from each DJ and you just take it and put your own style into to it.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|For the sun, stars, oceans, and all the trees, I’ll consider it.
Temple West|She wrapped her fingers around his and touched his palm with her thumb. Her fingers were trembling.Park shifted in his seat and turned his back to the aisle."Okay?" she whispered.He nodded, taking a deep breath. They both stared down at their hands.Jesus.
Kelsea Ballerini|I remember telling myself when I got to start having artist opportunities, 'Let yourself be a fan, because you are. The minute that you walk in a room with Carrie Underwood, and you're too cool to freak out, you need to check yourself.' I just let myself be a fan.
Chris Smith|The deepest parts of you know that if freedom from fear was as easy as 'creating a new reality' for yourself, then you would already be the fearless person you know in your heart that you're meant to be.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|Our shortcomings drive us, motivate us – to work harder or realize another purpose/talent.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|There's no such thing as a limited victory. Every victory leaves another resentment, another defeated and humiliated people. Another place to guard and defend and fear.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress: Regain Control of Your Life Using the Five Habits of Effective Stress Management|So this was the Ashram's final joke on me? Once I had learned to accept my loud, chatty, social nature and fully embrace my inner Key Hostess - only then could I become The Quiet Girl in the Back of the Temple, after all?
Christine Feehan, Ruthless Game|i get a little romantic about the old Empire State. Just looking at it makes me want to play some Frank Sinatra tunes and sway a little. I have a crush on a building. I'd been in there several times but never to work. I always knew there were offices in there but the face never penetrated, really. You don't work in the Empire State Building. You propose in the Empire State Building. You sneak a flask up there and raise a toast to the whole city of New York.
Rob Liano|If you always do "just enough" you'll never have more than enough.
Liane Moriarty, The Last Anniversary|Every marriage, every family, has its mysteries.
Greg Weisman|The written word is all that stands between memory and oblivion. Without books as our anchors, we are cast adrift, neither teaching nor learning. They are windows on the past, mirrors on the present, and prisms reflected all possible futures. Books are lighthouses erected on the dark sea of time.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|I feel like, like pudding," Iggy groaned. "Pudding with nerve endings. Pudding in great pain.
Gary   Hopkins|I have met many Masters and most have an abundance of flaws and social failings. However, the one thing that separates them from the rest of us is their fearless ability to walk their own path regardless of the opinions of others.
Rush Limbaugh, The Way Things Ought to Be|Militant feminists are pro‐choice because it’s their ultimate avenue of power over men. And believe me, to them it is a question of power. It is their attempt to impose their will on the rest of society, particularly on men.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|I'd love to wake up to complete silence, white sheets, and the smell of crisp air and roses.
Douglas Hulick, Sworn in Steel|Seven a.m. on the first day of summer vacation was, to her mind, a dangerous time to be awake. Even God had to be sleeping in.
Michael Ondaatje, The Cat's Table|While your character flaws may have created mild problems for other people, they will create major problems for your spouse and your marriage.
Jerome K. Jerome, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|London was a city of ghosts, some deader than others. Thorne knew that in this respect, it wasn't unlike any other major city - New York or Paris or Sydney - but he felt instinctively that London was .... at the extreme. The darker side of that history, as opposed to the parks, palaces and pearly kings' side that made busloads of Japanese and American tourists gawk and jabber. The hidden history of a city where the lonely, the dispossessed, the homeless, wandered the streets, brushing shoulders with the shadows of those that had come before them. A city in which the poor and the plague-ridden, those long-since hanged for stealing a loaf or murdered for a shilling, jostled for position with those seeking a meal, or a score, or a bed for the night.A city where the dead could stay lost a long time
Anne Rice, Merrick|All my life,I've been afraid of things, as a child and a woman must be. I lied about it naturally. I fancied myself a witch and walked in dark streets to punish myself for my doubts. But I knew what it meant to be afraid.And now, in this darkness, I fear nothing. If you were to leave me here, I would feel nothing. I would walk as I am walking now. As a man, you can't know what I mean by what I say.You can't know a woman's vulnerability. You can't know the sense of power that belongs to me now.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|Sometimes I just think depression's one way of coping with the world. Like, some people get drunk, some people do drugs, some people get depressed. Because there's so much stuff out there that you have to do something to deal with it.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|WE SHOULD ALL BE HUMANISTS.So I had this conversation with a friend and I am of the view that, we need no tags to speak against violence of all sorts. We need no tags to love and protect ourselves. We need no tags to do the right thing. We need no tags to treat each other fairly.We need no tags to be our neighbours’ keeper.We need no tags to stand up for what is right.We need no tags to demand for justice.We need no tags to punish offenders.We need no tags to live in harmony.All we need is a defined standard of acceptable behaviour.All we need is to properly and promptly determine who has stepped out of the defined boundary.All we need is to mete out prescribed punishment to defaulters without fear or favour.There can be no different identities.We are all humans, male or female.We need nothing more than our humanity.WE SHOULD ALL BE HUMANISTS.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|They pray.To whom?To God.To pray to God, - what is the meaning of these words?Is there an infinite beyond us? Is that infinite there, inherent, permanent; necessarily substantial, since it is infinite; and because, if it lacked matter it would be bounded; necessarily intelligent, since it is infinite, and because, if it lacked intelligence, it would end there? Does this infinite awaken in us the idea of essence, while we can attribute to ourselves only the idea of existence? In other terms, is it not the absolute, of which we are only the relative?At the same time that there is an infinite without us, is there not an infinite within us? Are not these two infinites (what an alarming plural!) superposed, the one upon the other? Is not this second infinite, so to speak, subjacent to the first? Is it not the latter's mirror, reflection, echo, an abyss which is concentric with another abyss? Is this second infinity intelligent also? Does it think? Does it love? Does it will? If these two infinities are intelligent, each of them has a will principle, and there is an "I" in the upper infinity as there is an "I" in the lower infinity. The "I" below is the soul; the "I" on high is God.To place the infinity here below in contact, by the medium of thought, with the infinity on high, is called praying. Let us take nothing from the human mind; to suppress is bad. We must reform and transform. Certain faculties in man are directed towards the Unknown; thought, revery, prayer. The Unknown is an ocean. What is conscience? It is the compass of the Unknown. Thought, revery, prayer, - these are great and mysterious radiations. Let us respect them. Whither go these majestic irradiations of the soul? Into the shadow; that is to say, to the light.
Frederick the Great, Erster Diener Seines Staates: Friedrich Der Grosse In Ausgewählten Zitaten|Nowadays it is seen as a shame, to marry a girl who is a mother, who has never been married. I want to get rid of that prejudice.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|The loneliness of difference, the loneliness of undesirability, the loneliness of not being admitted into the magic circles of connection and acceptance – the social and professional groupings, the embracing arms.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|It is only people who are lacking, or bad, or inferior, who have to be good at things. You have always been full and perfect, so you had nothing to make up for.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to help someone move on, you don’t label people as good, bad, worst or best. This categorizes people, rather than experiences with that person. People are not all evil or all good. You don’t teach compassion by categorizing people. Empathy and honest open communication are the only way to live your life. If you’re blaming someone then you haven’t let go of your pain long enough to really try on theirs. However, if you must believe that the only type of person that brings you difficult lessons or experiences in life are those that are bad or worse, then take the time to read the bible a little closer. Christ, put a few people in their place, in order to make point.
Marcel Proust|If I hold back, I'm no good. I'm no good. I'd rather be good sometimes, than holding back all the time.
Mario Botta|In 1996, I took advantage of some favourable circumstances to propose to the state of the Ticino Canton the foundation of the Academy of Architecture and, with it, an Italian-speaking university in Switzerland.
Dee Tenorio, Undercover Lovers|A woman’s sexuality is not at all like a man’s. A man can literally f**k a watermelon and come. If you put enough friction on his c**k, in some semblance of a rhythm, he will orgasm. It’s a no brainer.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We live in a world of shadow and light, pain and joy. We spend our entire lives investigating the many possible patterns of human experience including interactions between humankind and nature and with one another. We must learn from our chronicles and assist future generations by living a fully engaged life attempting to ascertain how to live in an authentic and joyous manner.
Toba Beta|What you listen in heart, are echoes of the past.What you write today, will be echoed in the future.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Happy is the person who has learned the secret of being content with whatever life brings him, and has learned to rejoice in thesimple and beautiful things around him.
Barney Norris, Five Rivers Met on a Wooded Plain|The world is full of things put off for the wrong reasons, which can suddenly become impossible without any warning. They hang in the air like ghosts, their mouths sewn up forever. They will never be able to speak, but if it was you who put them there, you will always be forced to see them.
Dawn French, A Tiny Bit Marvellous|There is a latent fairy in all women, but look how carefully we have to secrete her in order to be taken seriously. And fairies come in all shapes, colours, sizes and types, they don't have to be fluffy. They can be demanding and furious if hey like. They do, however, have to wear a tiara. That much is compulsory.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|When a child is given to his parents, a crown is made for that child in Heaven, and woe to the parents who raise a child without consciousness of that eternal crown!
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|There are parts of a woman’s heart that are reserved for certain types of love. Experiencing the love of a father figure in an appropriate way is essential in paving the way for the love of a man to be experienced in the right way.The love of a father is vital in ensuring that a woman’s heart is kept open in this area. If this area is not kept open, it produces problems later on in a woman’s life, for that area is also reserved for the romantic love that comes in the form of a marriage relationship. This is an extremely sensitive area of the heart for a woman, and has plenty of opportunity to be easily bruised. When that does occur, she will put up a protective barrier to try and avoid any such pain occurring again. If this barrier isn’t dismantled fairly soon, a woman’s heart becomes accustomed to its protective barrier, and the heart shielded inside gradually becomes hardened. As women, we may be able to function like this for awhile. But there will come a time in your life where God will begin to peel away those hard layers surrounding your heart, and you probably won’t like that sensation. But you have to fight your natural instinct to run away.This is where many Christian women may get stuck. They view every man through the lens of what their father was to them, or what he was not. Their perception of men is shaded, and often damaged, by the very people who should have been modeling the world of adult relationships to their daughters. As a result, their judgement is often clouded, and women find themselves settling for less than what they truly deserve. Many marriages, even Christian marriages, have been damaged and even terminated because one or both partners refused to sit down and deal with their past issues.
Elizabeth A. Johnson, Women, Earth, and Creator Spirit|Woven into our lives is the very fire from the stars and genes from the sea creatures, and everyone, utterly everyone, is kin in the radiant tapestry of being.
Jason Moran|I had a great drama teacher in high school, and that's when I started to learn about the history of theater.
M. Basilea Schlink|Repentance is the gateway through which the Gospel can come to us. Repentance is the gateway to a joy-filled life with Christ, for it is the prerequisite for attaining forgiveness, and wherever forgiveness is received, there is salvation and joy.
Cate Campbell Beatty, Donor 23|For when success a lover's toil attends,Few ask, if fraud or force attain'd his ends
Tom Petty|Some are blessed with musical ability, others with good looks. Myself, I was blessed with modesty.
G.K. Chesterton|The curse that came before history has laid on us all a tendency to be weary of wonders. If we saw the sun for the first time it would be the most fearful and beautiful of meteors. Now that we see it for the hundredth time we call it, in the hideous and blasphemous phrase of Wordsworth, "the light of common day." We are inclined to increase our claims. We are inclined to demand six suns, to demand a blue sun, to demand a green sun. Humility is perpetually putting us back in the primal darkness. There all light is lightning, startling and instantaneous. Until we understand that original dark, in which we have neither sight nor expectation, we can give no hearty and childlike praise to the splendid sensationalism of things.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|A man is born; his first years go by in obscurity amid the pleasures or hardships of childhood. He grows up; then comes the beginning of manhood; finally society's gates open to welcome him; he comes into contact with his fellows. For the first time he is scrutinized and the seeds of the vices and virtues of his maturity are thought to be observed forming in him. This is, if I am not mistaken, a singular error.Step back in time; look closely at the child in the very arms of his mother; see the external world reflected for the first time in the yet unclear mirror of his understanding; study the first examples which strike his eyes; listen to the first word which arouse with him the slumbering power of thought; watch the first struggles which he has to undergo; only then will you comprehend the source of the prejudices, the habits, and the passions which are to rule his life.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Let go of the people who dull your shine, poison your spirit, and bring you drama. Cancel your subscription to their issues.
Suzanne Crowley, The Very Ordered Existence of Merilee Marvelous|There's a thin line between genius and bottom-barrel stupidness. I hover delicately on a tightrope between the two, wondering where I'll land if I'll ever fall.
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|Only by intertwining these two perspectives, the biological and the phenomenological, can we gain a fuller understanding of the immanent purposiveness of the organism and the deep continuity of life and mind.
Jack Ma|Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|That’s the cost. That’s the price. Get ready, because when you crush the humanity out of humans, you’re left with humans with no humanity.In other words, you get what you pay for, motherfucker.
Paula Gruben, Umbilicus|Everyone wants to procreate, have a miniature version of themselves running around, to carry on the family line.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Sometimes, the only way to evolve is to open ourselves fully.
J.I. Packer, Keep in Step with the Spirit: Finding Fullness in Our Walk with God|Men are punished by their sins, not for them.
Nevada Barr, Hunting Season|Anna drove with the window rolled down, breathing in the essence of autumn: an exhalation of a forest readying itself for sleep, a smell so redolent with nostalgia a pleasant ache warmed her bones and she was nagged with the sense of a loss she could not remember.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Intercourse is one thing, Intimacy is everything. Be encouraged
Jose Eduardo dos Santos|When businesses face tough times, one of the first items they cut is overhead expenses. The government should do the same.
Nikki Rowe|The irony of life is a twisted game; but my god you learn fast, the ins and outs of how to play your part the best you can.
Barbara Strickland|What I am proud of, what seems so simply clear, is that feminism is a way to fight for justice, always in short supply.
Rashida Jones|It indicated to me,' Jane replied with brutal candour, 'that you're some sort of good-looking, lazy layabout who drifts around the world sponging off people and he'd rather not let you get your hands on any proceeds from this house because you would blow it all—on,' she gestured, 'whatever lazy layabouts blow their money on. Wine, women and... horses, probably,' she finished disgustedly.
Worknb|The fascist authoritarianism, characterized by sado-masochism and destructiveness, had a function which is comparable psychologically to a neurotic symptom - namely, fascism compensated for powerlessness and individual isolation and protected the individual from anxiety-creating situations. If one compare fascism to a neurotic symptom, it can be said that fascism is a neurotic form of community.
Mohamed Kassem|There are days you wake up thinking you can juggle the world between your fingers, and other days you wake up feeling the air around you intoxicates you to a point where you can no longer leave the premises of your bed. The nights in between, you shuffle between being a warrior and a slave; wondering whether you want to lose yourself to win the world, or lose the world to win yourself.
David Hume|I'm no natural beauty. If I'm gonna have any looks at all, I'm gonna have to create them.
Robert Shea, All Things Are Lights|[T]here is no greater strengthener of sin, and destroyer of the soul, than Scripture misapplied (317).
Farshad Asl|I've failed over and over but I get back up stronger, better, and bolder. It's the only way I know and want to live.
Paul Gibbons, Reboot Your Life: A 12-day Program for Ending Stress, Realizing Your Goals, and Being More Productive|If we want to change what happens, we change what we believe and expect.
Anthony T. Hincks|The loss of liberty may imprison a person, but it does not confine their mind.
Brian Heffron, Sustain Me with Your Breath|The gods command that there can be only one king. But I swear that I am no better than a common soldier today, and you are as good as kings. Each man here is part of me. So what’s left for the king to say? Only two words, but they are the two that your hearts want to hear. Victory.And home!” Then his command cracked like a whip. “All together—move!
Evangeline Walton, Witch House|Though the continued march of intellect and education have nearly obliterated from the mind of the Scots a belief in the marvelous, still a love of the supernatural lingers among the more mountainous districts of the northern kingdom; for 'the Schoolmaster' finds it no easy task, even when aided by all the light of science, to uproot the prejudices of more than two thousand years. ("The Phantom Regiment")
Charles Dickens, Martin Chuzzlewit|My meaning is, that no man can expect his children to respect what he degrades.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|Let's talk of graves, of worms, and epitaphs;Make dust our paper and with rainy eyesWrite sorrow on the bosom of the earth,Let's choose executors and talk of wills
Terry Pratchett|The trouble is that things never get better, they just stay the same, only more so.
Adele Ashworth, My Darling Caroline|Forgive me, madam," he said lightly, amused, "but waiting to make love to you again is straining my nerves." She scoffed but she was quite shaken; he could see it in her expression, in the way she nervously toyed with the buttons on her pelisse."How awfully presumptuous of you to think I'd let you.""You will," he insisted soothingly.She gaped at him."Please continue," he urged. "I'm aching to hear the rest.""You're as arrogant as usual.""You missed it, though.""I absolutely did not," she asserted.He grinned. "You missed my arrogance almost as much as I missed your impudence, little one.""That's absurd.""I love you, Caroline," he softly, quickly replied, catching her off guard with such tenderness. "Move on before I decide I'm finished with this conversation, rip off your clothes, and show you how much.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|We arrived from New York after a daylong slog through airports and planes and traffic. It was 10: 00 p.m. local time, but my body had no idea if it was night or day. Krishna was hungry, so I found some leftover dosa batter in the kitchen and started making one for her. Next thing I knew, my grandmother was by my side, commandeering the griddle. “Let me do it,” she said. “You don’t know where anything is.” I insisted, but she won, even though by then she cooked with only one arm, the other still paralyzed from the stroke. Then my aunt Papu came in and yelped, “You’re making your grandma cook?” She was appalled. “It’s ten at night!” Papu took over, my grandmother wouldn’t leave, and my uncle Ravi entered the fray. “Look at you,” he said. “You’re supposed to be this famous food person and you’re making these women cook at ten o’clock!” I quickly remembered how it felt to live with so many people. Every move you make is scrutinized. You get up and it’s “Where are you going?” You come back and it’s “Why are you wearing that blouse? I like the other one better.” You walk outside and someone calls from the veranda, “Don’t go that way, there’s too much sun!” It was exasperating and suffocating and God, I had missed it.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|A tender smile softened his face. "That would be Esme. She's nine and a delight. I haven't seen much of her these past few years, but she writes me letters. Sends me drawings as well. I have a likeliness of every cat, hound, and horse she's ever met, and considering the menagerie she keeps in the country at Clybourne, that's a great many indeed.
Andrew Root, Unlocking Mission and Eschatology in Youth Ministry|The importance of Man, which is the one indispensable dogma of the theologians, receives no support from a scientific view of the future of the solar system.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|All of it—for this. Leading us to a door we can't open, a password we don't have.
Winston Churchill|Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
David Byrne|It was a uniform that signified that one was a kind of downtown aesthete; not necessarily nihilistic, but a monk in the bohemian order.
Cambria Hebert, #Nerd|Underneath, he was a good cat. Loyal and loving. But no one ever bothered to look past his rough exterior, because in reality, looks meant more than everyone wanted to admit.
William Shakespeare, Venus and Adonis|He wondered at the atrocities human kind was capable of committing. The majority of those housed below were ill, mentally or physically, not witches. Most were poor victims--the outcasts of society; or the opposite, people so blessed, others coveted their lives.
Shannon L. Alder|Between ourselves, there are two things that I have always observed to be in singular accord: supercelestial thoughts and subterranean conduct.
Matt Dillon|People try to change too much at once and it becomes overwhelming, and they end up falling off the program. So gradually changing bad habits makes much more of a difference than trying to change them all at once.
John Hunter, World Peace and Other 4th-Grade Achievements|Are you throwing darts at the challenges in your life? Hoping something sticks? Try using a laser instead! Choose the biggest challenge you have and take action as focused and precise as a laser. Darts can go anywhere, lasers only go where you aim them...
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Yet I must tell you, that all these graces which are expressed by passions of sorrow, fear, joy, hope, love, are not so certainly to be tried by the passion that is in them, as by the will that is either contained in them, or supposed in them; not as acts of the sensitive, but of the rational appetite (358).
Sandra M. Gilbert, Death's Door: Modern Dying and the Ways We Grieve|I discovered the bleeding when he licked my hand and left a swath of blood behind, death's autograph.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|Words define us,' Mom continued, as I struggled to make my clumsy marks look like her elegant script. 'We must protect our knowledge and pass it on whenever we can. If we are ever to become a society again, we must teach others how to remain human.
Fanny Britt, Jane, the Fox, and Me|I know that you’re worried about me, but crushing my lungs isn’t going to help anyone.
Melissa Marr, Wicked Lovely|Occupied in observing Mr. Bingley’s attentions to her sister, Elizabeth was far from suspecting that she was herself becoming an object of some interest in the eyes of his friend. Mr. Darcy had at first scarcely allowed her to be pretty: he had looked at her without admiration at the ball; and when they next met, he looked at her only to criticise. But no sooner had he made it clear to himself and his friends that she had hardly a good feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. To this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying. Though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness. Of this she was perfectly unaware: to her he was only the man who made himself agreeable nowhere, and who had not thought her handsome enough to dance with.
Rory Bremner|Like millions of Scots, I've agonised over whether to go for independence or remain with the Union.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|If you close your eyes when you sing in Latin, and if you stand right at the back so you can keep one hand against the cold stone wall of the church, you can pretend you're in the Middle Ages. That's why I did it. That's what I was in it for.
Henry Miller|Previously, when I began to write this tale, I set out by saying that Mlle. Claude was a whore. She is a whore, of course, and I'm not trying to deny it, but what I say now is--if Mlle. Claude is a whore then what name shall I find for the other women I know?
Vanessa Bayer|I think shows that are completely dramatic are a lie. People use humor to cope. That is how we deal with things. In the darkest situations, there's humor. And if you don't show that, you're not being true to real life.
Dale Earnhardt Jr.|She used to compete with Edward to determine the prettier creation, and she always emerged victorious. But in retrospect, even if she had made the world’s ugliest snow angel, Edward would have still declared her the winner because he was Edward, and that was the type of person he was. Winning was of little significance to him, what mattered most was that they had an enjoyable time together.
Gary Wright|What makes my approach special is that I do different things. I do jazz, blues, country music and so forth. I do them all, like a good utility man.
Wole Soyinka|The government has a responsibility to protect society, to help maintain society. That's why we have laws... The rule of law creates a set of standards for our behavior.
A.S. King|We have this judgmental way of looking at the idea of leaving a home or a family, and our society has reinforced this idea that if we "run away," we are "running away from our problems." In some cases, though, to face certain problems (in this case, two family members who are not mentally stable and who are not going to face up to their issues) the family members who are capable of facing reality must realize that leaving is a viable option. Some environments are harmful. As fellow humans it is our job to judge less and encourage more when others choose to remove themselves from harmful environments.
Sunday Adelaja|You professors, what do you teach your students? Do you instill in them the spirit of possession?
Masaoka Shiki|So you can't make a living as a novelist—why not try farming or teaching? Or even begging—what difficulties would that present? Were you born into the world to make a living? Or have you another aim, that of becoming a novelist or something akin? If you want to become a novelist but are worried about how you will eat, then let me share my bowl of rice with you (thoughI am not as well off as I once was). If, in return, you become a great novelist,it will be my greatest joy. . . . I do not presume to urge you to become a novelist. I say only this—be firm of purpose and don't worry about trivialities.And remember the saying: the final tax you pay to achieve your goal is your life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The leader’s joy is the success of change, the evidence of progress and the actualization of a better life.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|Whenever your focus is on doing what you want and making yourself feel good, you can be confident that the Spirit of God is not the one leading the way.
Traci LaRussa|May our eyes focus rightly on Christ ... before the need to please others, before church, and before the busyness of Christian life. Those things will surely have their place, but they will be most valuable if put in their proper position.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|Certainly no beast has essayed the boundless, infinitely inventive art of human hatred. No beast can match its range and power.
Charlotte Brontë|An extraordinary dream by lord charles wellesley. (Charlotte Bronte)'In this slumber i thought i was walking on the banks of a river... Which murmered over small pebbles at the bottom, gleaming like crystals through the silver stream' 'and the green buds of the wild rose trees around were unopened' 'and a mild warmth were shed from the sun... Then at its height in the blue sky
Jack Canfield|The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.
John Heywood|no-one would want to go through a traumatic experience but when you’ve survived something life-shattering and risen above it, you achieve a kind of serenity.
Marty Rubin|Islaam is the Name of the Universe. Christ is the Soul, and Abraham, the Foundation — The Rainbow At Midnight
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|An angry woman is a bitch. An angry man is strong, whereas, a sad man or a fearful man is a wimp. A sad or fearful woman is frail.
Ramana Pemmaraju|It's amazing what people do for love, but the most astonishing fact is how love transforms people...
Bodhidharma, The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma|People of this world are deluded. They’re always longing for something-always, in a word, seeking. But the wise wake up. They choose reason over custom. They fix their minds on the sublime and let their bodies change with the seasons. All phenomena are empty. They contain nothing worth desiring.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|The person healed has an obligation to then ask why— to meditate on God's will, and the extraordinary lengths to which God has gone to realize His will.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|The landscape had been so maimed by this new kind of warfare it was as if human architects of great genius had sat down to plan hell, since no two of them could agree on the design of heaven.
Brad Pitt|I had the chance to be governor for eight years and I took a year to transition out and a year to transition in, so that's a decade of my life where I pursued my own ambitions and I thought it was time to rearrange my life to focus on other things.
Elizabeth Morgan, Stepping Stones|At the beginning of our relationship, my heart pounded so loudly whenever Istood near him. He had an effect on me that no aspiring vicar should have on a young woman.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|There is sitting and there is sitting. (...) Each one waits for the other to move, but the lion is poised, his tail twitching, while the fawn is frozen by fear, bowels turned to belly. No matter which way he bounds, the lion will have him, and he knows it.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|By-passing all scriptures and all that any teacher has to say, we shall, while respecting every finger that points to the moon, be mindful only of the moon. This habit will make it easier to understand the truth that every statement is wrong, whenever made by any man, for it was made in duality and is therefore one-sided, incomplete, and in the final synthesis its opposite is just as true!
Tom Hanks|The more men I kill, the more far away from home I feel -- Saving Private Ryan
Joseph Campbell|When you are on your path, and it is truly your path, doors will open for you where there were no doors for someone else.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When there’s darkness, there are all kinds of evil things happening, rebellion is there, and corruption is operating.
Ashish Patel|A real winner is the one who has the ability to find success by self; who chases success at his/her own will, and never gives a chance to attribute credit of his/her success to his/her referees. No matter how slow he/she goes; how painful are the financial issues; how long it takes to find self; and how likely he/she persevere, in the end, the fruits of success would give enough pleasure than the pleasure earned through references.
Leslie Householder, The Jackrabbit Factor: Why You Can|You’re looking at this choice like it’s right versus wrong. It’s not right versus wrong. It’s right versus left. You’re at a crossroads. You can go left or right…both are good options. That’s why it’s so hard to decide. If this was a choice between right and wrong, it would be easy.
Kelly Moran, When the Leaves Stop Falling|When the leaves stop falling wasn't her time to die, it was your time to live.
Norman Klein|...first, in order to remember, something must be forgotten; second, the place where memories are stored has no boundaries. In other words, forgetting is a twin; its tandem effect is best called "simultancous" distraction, the instant when one memory defoliates another. This fuzzy double - one devouring the other - presumably inhibits learning
Eugen Herrigel, Zen in the Art of Archery|The masters and overseers were so good at employee development, in their absence, the employees still achieved the company's mission
Sarah Crossan, One|But when I read, I am completely alone. I have privacy from her and from everyone.
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|You are not broken.Someone who did not love you,convinced you, you are...
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|It is one thing to be understanding of human weakness and the complexities of life, and another to accept ideologies that attempt to sunder what are inseparable aspects of reality. Let us not fall into the sin of trying to replace the Creator. We are creatures, and not omnipotent. Creation is prior to us and must be received as a gift. At the same time, we are called to protect our humanity, and this means, in the first place, accepting it and respecting it as it was created.
Sandi Layne, Éire's Captive Moon|Most of [her ashes] fell into the river in a long gray curtain. But some was caught by the wind and blown upward toward the blue spring sky where it swirled a moment in the air, before dissolving into sunlight.
William Zinsser|The author charted the importance of human examples on his spiritual journey, confessing that when harsh and domineering people based their bullying on Christ's authority, he rebelled. But when his wife represented the gracefulness of Christ's character, he was drawn back to know Christ more fully.
Brandon Sanderson, The Emperor's Soul|There was rarely an obvious branching point in a person's life. People changed slowly, over time. You didn't take one step, then find yourself in a completely new location. You first took a little step off the path to avoid some rocks. For a while, you walked alongside the path, but then you wandered out a little way to step on softer soil. Then you stopped paying attention as you drifted farther and farther away. Finally, you found yourself in the wrong city, wondering why the signs on the roadway hadn't led you better.
Carter F. Smith, Gangs and the Military: Gangsters, Bikers, and Terrorists with Military Training|The first gang members who joined the military were known as the Hounds, a group of former New York gang members.
Janet Fitch|She’s never where she is,' I said. 'She’s only inside her head.
Leonardo da Vinci|Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.
Morgan Rhodes|I haven't believed in magic because I don't believe in anything that I haven't seen with my own eyes. Therefore, I must go to Paelsia as soon as I can and learn the truth for myself
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|Really? That’s all you have to do to make someone go away? Like, ‘poof’, they’re just… gone? Christ, had I known that, I’d have gotten rid of a lot of people by now. You’re actually pretty lucky I didn’t have this nifty gift back when we first met.
Tillie Olsen|Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|Do you understand economics? I mean big-time, prewar, global capitalism. Do you get how it worked? I don't, and anyone who says they do is full of shit.
Shannon L. Alder|When you let go of control and commit yourself to happiness, it is so easy to offer compassion and forgiveness. This propels you from the past, into the present. People that are negative, spend so much time trying to control situations and blame others for their problems. Committing yourself to staying positive is a daily mantra that states, “I have control over how I plan to react, feel, think and believe in the present. No one guides the tone of my life, except me!
Angela Thirkell, The Brandons|The living and dead were thrown together, and the dead looked away first.-Description of Doomsday
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|A man who lies to himself, and believes his own lies, becomes unable to recognize truth, either in himself or in anyone else, and he ends up losing respect for himself and for others. When he has no respect for anyone, he can no longer love, and in him, he yields to his impulses, indulges in the lowest form of pleasure, and behaves in the end like an animal in satisfying his vices. And it all comes from lying — to others and to yourself.
Jamie A. Hughes|From key signature to coda, from downbeat to the sound of life's final fermata, our pasts set the tone for all that was, that is, and that ever would be.
Superman|...but prejudices, like odorous bodies, have a double existence both solid and subtle — solid as the pyramids, subtle as the twentieth echo of an echo, or as the memory of hyacinths which once scented the darkness.
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|Steerpike of the Many Problems,” said the Doctor. “What did you say they were? My memory is so very untrustworthy. It’s as fickle as a fox. Ask me to name the third lateral bloodvessel from the extremity of my index finger that runs east to west when I lie on my face at sundown, or the percentage of chalk to be found in the knuckles of an average spinster in her fifty-seventh year, ha, ha, ha! – or even ask me, my dear boy, to give details of the pulse rate of frogs two minutes before they die of scabies – these things are no tax upon my memory, ha, ha, ha! But ask me to remember exactly what you said you problems were, a minute ago, and you will find that my memory has forsaken me utterly. Now why is that, my dear Master Steerpike, why is that?”“Because I never mentioned them,” said Steerpike.“That accounts for it,” said Prunesquallor. “That, no doubt, accounts for it.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|If you think of your own mother to be the only true mother in the world and thereby start belittling people from other mothers as bastards, that makes you a bigot and a germ on the face of earth. This is an unhealthy bias, even though in your personal mental universe it may provide you extreme comfort. This is exactly what we see in the religious fundamentalists.
William Wordsworth|Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Benjamin E. Mays|I don't like talking unnecessarily, and my communication skills are zilch. I just can't converse with people. Maybe it's because of my stuttering or stammering, but I'm not confident of talking with people. I only talk to very close friends and family.
Pierce Brown, Morning Star|These are the winter's people, he reminded himself. Tears froze upon your cheeks where they come from.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.
Markus Zusak, Underdogs|Tragedy allowed the audience to experience intense, sometimes disturbing emotions that could not be experienced in real life without terrible cost.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Thinking is free, planning is also free, but action taking is not free; you have a price to pay. Success is not luck; it demands work... hard work of course!
Lauren Barnholdt|If you want to know the truth,” he says, leaning forward like he’s getting ready to tell a really good story, “it has to do with Kelsey. And the biggest lie of all.”And that’s when I realize the thing about the truth. It always comes out, no matter what you do.
Golda Poretsky|I’m not saying that you should deny the difficult events of your life. But the fact that you survived is also a wonderful story to tell. And that story, the story of the way you came through a difficult situation, found resources within yourself or outside of yourself, gleaned from that experience what you wanted and what you didn’t want going forward — that is a story that can inspire you and others to heal and grow.
Marian Keyes|Maybe it's just parenthood that puts you in a situation where you just have to develop a new attitude, I guess, about things.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|The original Gothic horror tales focused on personalities deformed through loneliness. Ghouls, vampires, werewolves: all made, not born. But the isolation? Are even such as these ever truly alone? Perhaps the psyche has always been more complex than that, desire eternally more potent than terror. Surely, none prowl entirely in solitude.
Lynda Fisher|Come out into the world about you, be it either wide or limited. Sympathize, not in thought only, but in action, with all about you. Make yourself known and felt for something that would be loved and missed, in twenty thousand little ways, if you were to die; then your life will be a happy one, believe me.
J.K. Rowling|You're joking, Perce! You are actually joking, Percy... I don't think I've heard you joke since you were-
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What insanity would lead me to believe that I possess the power, much less the aptitude to manipulate all of the consequences out of all of my decisions?
Harvey Weinstein|When I was growing up, Dr. Seuss was really my favorite. There was something about the lyrical nature and the simplicity of his work that really hit me.
Steven Spielberg|My first reaction, every time I delve into an episode of history that I don’t know very much about, is anger that my teachers never taught me about it.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Thank You is a great thing to share... If a situation brings Gratitude to mind, then a heart felt Thank You is a great way to express it.
Tom Holt, The Good, the Bad and the Smug|At any rate, Therese thought, she was happier than she ever had been before. And why worry about defining everything?
Juvenal|I got interested in the idea that love is often used as a kind of blanket explanation for things. I mean, battered wives, for instance: "Why did you go back to him?" "Oh, I loved him." "Why did you embezzle fifteen million pounds and run away to the other side of the world?" "Oh, well, because I was in love." All that and then you don't ask anything else. I thought if I just say, these people needed love and they found it, then it kind of explained it away. I wanted to look at their behaviour and how love can inspire the best and the very worst in human behaviour but love itself is not behaviour. So I avoided the word 'love' until the very end and it's the last word in the novel. I wanted to explore what people will do when they're in such terrible need of love. If there was a big idea then that was it. Then, of course, I hope that if it's a story worth reading it's the characters themselves who make you want to read it, not the big idea. I don't think a big idea drives a novel usually. Something else has to engage you on a much more kind of personal level. 
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you reject knowledge, God rejects you.
Jesmyn Ward, The Fire This Time: A New Generation Speaks about Race|The only people discussing “race” with any insight and courage are loud middle-aged white men who romanticize the Kennedys and Motown, well-read open-minded white kids like the tie-dyed familiar sitting next to me in the Free Tibet and Boba Fett T-shirt, a few freelance journalists in Detroit, and the American hikikomori who sit in their basements pounding away at their keyboards composing measured and well-thought-out responses to the endless torrent of racist online commentary.
Ann Daly, Critical Gestures: Writings on Dance and Culture|Revolutionary art need not be overtly political in content; what is more important is that it demand a new means of perception on the part of its spectators. The subject in process/on trial can thus be fundamentally transformed. Change here, at the level of individual consciousness, is a necessary element of social change. Seen in this way, the arts are not merely reflective of social relations but are productive of social relations.
Rebecca Mead|They lost Olivia at Newport Beach. The panic made Alice hyperventilate. You were meant to be watching her, Nick kept saying. As if that were the point. That Alice had made a mistake. Not that Olivia was missing, but that it was Alice's fault.
Heidi Ayarbe, Freeze Frame|Elizabeth, you resemble nothing so much as a hen trying to hatch a book.
James Morris Robinson, Genesis: A New World Order|No-one can own our Lord Buddha. That would be a foolish claim, but the roads that lead to him, the Way... That is a different matter. They are all filled with toll-gates, like the roads of Japan, and the monks collect the fees.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|When I said that Mercy stoodWithin the borders of the wood,I meant the lenient beast with clawsAnd bloody swift-dispatching jaws.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The reader who fails to ponder, or at least mark, the words he does not understand is headed for disaster.
John Connolly, The Wolf in Winter|When you set out, you were four. Six with friends who could not stay behind. Now you are one.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Amnesty International Survey found that 25 percent of people believe a woman is to blame for being raped if she dresses "provocatively.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|I am not addicted to coffee, it find it's way every morning.
Kamal Khanzada (Ahmed Kamal Khan)|The sales process ends/failed when the client feels that you want his money, more than his benefits.
Natalie Cole|I think it's important to remember that you go into something like marriage knowing that you don't know very much about it at all. But I do look at the marriage of my mother and stepdad, and what makes it work for them is that it's a team effort.
Debasish Mridha|Look for the love, you will find the beauty.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Life is like a blank page, copying manuscript written Backstage.
Mary Ruefle|They waited awhile before lighting the candles; the gloom allowed the past to slip cozily into the present. But the memories were of a time that was gone and didn't overshadow the present. But the memories were vivid, and they made the freinds feel both young and old...When Chrsitanne finally lit the candles and they saw one another clearly again, she was happy to see in the old faces of the others the young faces they had come across in their memories. we store our youth wihtin us, we can go back to it and find ourselves in it, but it is past--melancholy filled their hearsts, and sympahty, for one another and for themsleves.
George MacDonald, The Complete Works of George MacDonald: The Princess and the Goblin, The Princess And Curdie, Lilith, Phantastes, Parables, Far Above Rubies and More|Leo, I have another secret. I've fallen in love with you.” "I've always loved you.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|Time is priceless, Cosmic Ordering is limitless.
Immanuel Wallerstein|I have had so many Dwellings, Nat, that I know these Streets as well as a strowling Beggar: I was born in this Nest of Death and Contagion and now, as they say, I have learned to feather it. When first I was with Sir Chris. I found lodgings in Phenix Street off Hogg Lane, close by St Giles and Tottenham Fields, and then in later times I was lodged at the corner of Queen Street and Thames Street, next to the Blew Posts in Cheapside. (It is still there, said Nat stirring up from his Seat, I have passed it!) In the time before the Fire, Nat, most of the buildings in London were made of timber and plaister, and stones were so cheap that a man might have a cart-load of them for six-pence or seven-pence; but now, like the Aegyptians, we are all for Stone. (And Nat broke in, I am for Stone!) The common sort of People gawp at the prodigious Rate of Building and exclaim to each other London is now another City or that House was not there Yesterday or the Situacion of the Streets is quite Changd (I contemn them when they say such things! Nat adds). But this Capital City of the World of Affliction is still the Capitol of Darknesse, or the Dungeon of Man's Desires: still in the Centre are no proper Streets nor Houses but a Wilderness of dirty rotten Sheds, allways tumbling or takeing Fire, with winding crooked passages, lakes of Mire and rills of stinking Mud, as befits the smokey grove of Moloch. (I have heard of that Gentleman, says Nat all a quiver). It is true that in what we call the Out-parts there are numberless ranges of new Buildings: in my old Black-Eagle Street, Nat, tenements have been rais'd and where my Mother and Father stared without understanding at their Destroyer (Death! he cryed) new-built Chambers swarm with life. But what a Chaos and Confusion is there: meer fields of Grass give way to crooked Passages and quiet Lanes to smoking Factors, and these new Houses, commonly built by the London workmen, are often burning and frequently tumbling down (I saw one, says he, I saw one tumbling!). Thus London grows more Monstrous, Straggling and out of all Shape: in this Hive of Noise and Ignorance, Nat, we are tyed to the World as to a sensible Carcasse and as we cross the stinking Body we call out What News? or What's a clock? And thus do I pass my Days a stranger to mankind. I'll not be a Stander-by, but you will not see me pass among them in the World. (You will disquiet your self, Master, says Nat coming towards me). And what a World is it, of Tricking and Bartering, Buying and Selling, Borrowing and Lending, Paying and Receiving; when I walk among the Piss and Sir-reverence of the Streets I hear, Money makes the old Wife trot, Money makes the Mare to go (and Nat adds, What Words won't do, Gold will). What is their God but shineing Dirt and to sing its Devotions come the Westminster-Hall-whores, the Charing-cross whores, the Whitehall whores, the Channel-row whores, the Strand whores, the Fleet Street whores, the Temple-bar whores; and they are followed in the same Catch by the Riband weavers, the Silver-lace makers, the Upholsterers, the Cabinet-makers, Watermen, Carmen, Porters, Plaisterers, Lightemen, Footmen, Shopkeepers, Journey-men... and my Voice grew faint through the Curtain of my Pain.
Jenelle Joanne Ramsami|I strongly believe it based on trust, we confide in each other. In my opinion when a girl feels loved, she blooms like a flower. He helps me overcome my fears, he is funny, we both accentuate each other life by just being kind and never ending the day without saying we love each other
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|Then I looked out onto the horizon myself and realized that loss is the same wherever you go: overwhelming, inexorable, deafening. How resilient human beings are that we can learn slowly to carry on when we are left all alone, left to fill the void as best we can. Or disappear into it.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|Increasingly, I'm coming to believe that fear is at the heart of all sin and disaffection. Fear that God will not be enough for us; fear that the identity we've been given is somehow incomplete.
Jim Carrey|I think I started learning lessons about being a good person long before I ever knew what basketball was. And that starts in the home, it starts with the parental influence.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you. Again. In fact I've had so many dreams about you that I can almost feel your skin under my fingertips and your breath every time we kiss. This time when you pulled me closer, even though I couldn’t see you, I knew it was you. I've heard your footsteps, and recognized them instantly. I’d recognize them anywhere, among many others. The way I yearn for you, you are always expected. And now I expect you to do just that. Kiss me. This time I am asking for it, because I need to make sure I am awake.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Stupidity and wisdom meet in the same centre of sentiment and resolution, in the suffering of human accidents.
Becky Doughty, All the Way to Heaven|I don’t think very many people get converted by someone telling them they are terrible. No one I’d want to rub shoulders with in Heaven, anyway.
|Stop making some excuses on why you can't pursue your true passion in life. You could start building your passion on the side until it grows big enough to substitute your regular job, and then you could concentrate fulltime on your passion and drive it to greatness.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|It's not that I believe everything happens for a reason, it's just that...I just think that some things are meant to be broken. Imperfect. Chaotic. It's the universe's way of providing contrast, you know? There have to be a few holes in the road. It's how life is.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|When I was your age I knew nothing about the world or my place in it. I figured I'd be someone's wife, then someone's mother. It never occurred to me to be someone myself.
George Sand, La mare au diable|The maid told him that a girl and a child had come looking for him, but since she didn't know them, she hadn't cared to ask them in, and had told them to go on to Mers."Why didn't you let them in?" asked Germain angrily. "People must be very suspicious in this part of the world, if they won't open the front door to a neighbor.""Well, naturally!" replied the maid. "In a house as rich as this, you have to keep a close watch on things. While the master's away I'm responsible for everything, and I can't just open the door to anyone at all.""That's a mean way to live," said Germain; "I'd rather be poor than live in fear like that. Good-bye to you, miss, and good-bye to this horrible country of yours!
David Mitchell|Strip back the beliefs pasted on by governesses, schools, and states, you find indelible truths at one's core.
Ayn Rand|Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?
Julie Miller, Kansas City Secrets|Her body didn’t give a damn that he was all wrong for her, it wanted him anyway. Badly. Either oblivious of or not wanting to encourage the attraction between them, Wade looked down at his mug as though he wasn’t comfortable holding her gaze at such close range, and took a sip. As he swallowed, one side of his mouth curved up and he let out an appreciative groan that seemed to reverberate right through her, heating her blood. Startled, she drank in the almost dreamy expression on his angular face and imagined that same look right after he’d enjoyed an intensely satisfying orgasm. Erin couldn’t be positive, but if his reaction to a simple cup of coffee made him groan like that, she was pretty sure it had been a while since he’d had one of those, too. And man, the idea of being the one to end his dry spell was way too freaking hot for her own good.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest Yo Mama Dirty Jokes: Yo Mama Funny, Dirty, Filthy Joke Book For Adults - Uncensored edition|If Yo Mama and Yo Daddy got a divorce, they'd still be brother and sister.
Sinclair B. Ferguson|grace is a small white butterfly, and life is a semi trailer careening up 101.
Nicolaus Copernicus|How sweet the words of Truth, breathed from the lips of Love.
Neymat Khan|God knows what is in my heart,In my life still i don't have the people whom i want.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|A language is something infinitely greater than grammar and philology. It is the poetic testament of the genius of a race and a culture, and the living embodiment of the thoughts and fanciesthat have moulded them
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|Remember, you are different than anyone else for a reason. A good reason. Find that reason and run with it.
JM Tohline|I practiced law for five years and that gives you insight into a certain mind-set that maybe a lot of writers haven’t had firsthand access to. There’s an almost casual cruelty, a very low level of overall awareness, but sometimes there’s also knowledge that real damage is being done—this attitude of “Oh, what the hell,” this kind of moral cognitive dissonance. These are people who have never missed a meal. It’s an unknowingness, an unawareness . . . Many people were operating from a very narrow range of experience, and yet they had complete faith in it. Their way was the correct way, the only way. They had virtually no awareness of any other way of life except in terms of demonizing things . . . It’s an extremely blindered experience of the world.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|The more importance we place on avoiding unpleasant feelings in life, the more our life tends to go downhill.
Marieta Maglas|Generally, the lie is a denatured truth. Drama occurs when this truth is still non- existent for the majority of human beings, and it is denatured before becoming existent as an important element of the evolution.
James Balog|It will free man from the remaining chains, the chains of gravity which still tie him to this planet.
Emma Stone|Sometimes when you write something on the page, it can seem very funny, but when you act it out - and this happens to me a lot, actually - the melancholy of the situation becomes more front and center.
Hal Borland, Seasons|Here and there one sees the blush of wild rose haws or the warmth of orange fruit on the bittersweet, and back in the woods is the occasional twinkle of partridgeberries. But they are the gem stones, the rare decorations which make the grays, the browns and the greens seem even more quiet, more completely at rest.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love, no matter how small, begets kindness.Joy, no matter how small, begets cheerfulness.Wisdom, no matter how small, begets intelligence.Faith, no matter how small, begets persistence.Genius, no matter how small, begets excellence.
Kristin Elizabeth Clark, Freakboy|Because Honestlyis it trashyto want something so badyou go for iteven if it might kill you?My opinion?It's judging that's trashy.Bad enough the world looks at usunder a (distorted) microscope.Like the good Lord says,we don't need tojudge each other.
Nenia Campbell, Freaky Freshman|I knew then what I had done. I had killed a man. I had killed a man to get a woman. I had put myself in her power, so there was one person in the world that could point a a finger at me, and I would have to die. I had done all that for her, and I never want to see her again as long as I lived. That’s all it takes, one drop of fear, to curdle love into hate.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|... and it was quite a sad thing,the way I watched you sleep like nothing could go wrong and I did not want to harm it, I did not want to blur it, but how could I notwhen everything I’ve ever known has slowly gone awayand I know by now that that’s the way you let the new day in with new roads and views and chances to growbut it was quite a sad thing because I don’t want this to ever become ’then’ or ’was’ and it was quite an unfamiliar thing. The way I took off my shoes again, put down my bag and quietly went back to bed, slowly between the sheets of moments I don’t want to leaveand it was quite a beautiful thing the way you had no idea but still must have known because you did not even open your eyes, but turned around and took my hand and you were still asleep, breathing in and out like nothing could go wrong, but still held my hand like you were glad I didn’t leave. ’Thank you for staying’and it was quite a wonderful thing, the way I smiled and so did you, sound asleep, and that’s all I need to know for now. That’s all I want to know for now.
Dirk Lammers, Baseball's No-Hit Wonders: More Than a Century of Pitching's Greatest Feats|Mr. Rohan,” she heard Beatrix ask, “are you going to marry my sister?” Amelia choked on her tea and set the cup down. She sputtered and coughed into her napkin. “Hush, Beatrix,” Win murmured. “But she’s wearing his ring�
Randy Bachman|As I was coming up, it always seemed like I was learning. If it wasn't from school, it was the 'hood. The influences of the 'hood are very powerful.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|We got life to live, not to survive, do the things you always want to & be the person you always desire to be. don't let other people deal with it..!!
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|The question of the position of man, as an animal, has given rise to much disputation, with the result of proving that there is no anatomical or developmental character by which he is more widely distinguished from the group of animals most nearly allied to him, than they are from one another.
William Ian Beardmore Beveridge, The Art of Scientific Investigation|The Imagination merely enables us to wander into the darkness of the unknown where, by the dim light of the knowledge we carry, we may glimpse something that seems of interest. But when we bring it out and examine it more closely it usually proves to be only trash whose glitter had caught our attention. Imagination is at once the source of all hope and inspiration but also of frustration. To forget this is to court despair.
Émile Zola, Thérèse Raquin|There's always someone's father, someone's mother, someone's wife, someone's son. This is the problem with killing and eating people. One of the problems.
José Saramago|A full moon, although less splendid than that earlier on,lit everything around. Before I reached the point where I would have to leave the road and set off across country, the narrow path I was following seemed suddenly to end and disappear behind a large hedge, and there before me, as if blocking my way, stood a single, tall tree, very dark at first against the transparently clear night sky. Out of nowhere, a breeze got up. It set the tender stems of the grasses shivering, made the green blades of the reeds shudder and sent a ripple across the brown waters of a puddle. Like a wave, it lifted up the spreading branches of the tree and, murmuring, climbed the trunk, and then, suddenly, the leaves turned their undersides to the moon and the whole beech tree (because it was a beech) was covered in white as far as the topmost branch.It was only a moment, no more than that, but the memory of it will last as long as my life lasts.
Vera Nazarian, Cobweb Forest|Know, child, that the One God—He is so vast that He cannot be moved, else the Universe falls. Nor can He answer, for the very act of opening His Mouth is Movement, indeed the greatest Act of all, for it is the Word. And this is precisely why He has made an infinity of lesser gods, creating them in His own image, so that we can do the lesser things on His behalf. We are His hands and arms and feet and mouths. We are His answers to your prayers, enacted along the great Framework of Being.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever believe in Jesus Christ, shall receive remission of sins.
William Logan|When someone offers you lines like that, he must be Mephistopheles and you must be Faust. You know you shouldn't succumb to such language, but you succumb.
Avina Celeste|If you want your life to be successful, you must look inward. You must change how you think before your life can change. You change your thinking. You change your actions. You change your life.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I actually think that I'm a rather optimistic and happy person; it's just that I'm not a very positive person, if you see the difference.
Chris Kyle|I've always been at war with myself, for right or wrong.
Kate Millett|I like romantic comedies, as it is a fun and light thing to get involved with.
Richard Dawkins|I'm on a crusade to get movie directors to get their science right because, more often than they believe, the science is more extraordinary than anything they can invent.
Randolph Bourne, The Radical Will: Selected Writings 1911-1918|What each individual wills is obstructed by everyone else, and what emerges is something that no one willed.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Personal mastery begins by increasing our awareness about who we truly are, our strengths, limitations... Personal mastery can be achieved not only by being aware but also by controlling what is happening inside and around ourselves...
Rick Remender, Tokyo Ghost, Vol. 2: Come Join Us|Enough rationalization. They simply had what you wanted, so you took it.[My chair-- I shit on my good chair!]You shit more than just your chair.You shit the world. All you ever cared about was winning -- And you did.The last man standing on a mountain of filth [. . .]Kazumi taught forgiveness. She accepted all refugees looking for a better life. And you turned that against her.Kazumi would show mercy.I'm not Kazumi.
Salman Rushdie|Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize, and debate openly.
Aleatha Romig, Cunning|Then, if you want, we can bring her back to New York and keep her safe. If she means that much to you, she means that much to me.” My head continued to move from side to side. “Who the fuck are you?” Nox leaned close, his cologne clouding my thoughts. “I’m Batman, princess. Next time you want to fly across the country, tell me. I won’t delay two hundred people’s plans, and we can just fly in the bat plane.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|This is the truth of the world: you can spend years devoting your time and love to someone. You can take care of them willingly and happily. You can think you know them as well as they know themselves. You can trust them entirely. But no one, absolutely no one, will ever change unless they want to, and some are incapable of change- no matter who they are, or what they meant to you. Broken people will always find a way to justify their selfish ways. There is no such thing as a promise.
Venkat Gandhi|The conclusion of things is the good. The good is, in other words, the conclusion at which all things arrive. Let's leave doubt for tomorrow," Komatsu said. "That is the point.
Mary Balogh, Dancing with Clara|It's my letter," she began. "I cannot make it right.""Come in, come in," the Prince said gently. "Maybe we can help you." She sat down in the same chair as before. "All right, I'll close my eyes and listen; read to me."" 'Westley, my passion, my sweet, my only, my own. Come back, come back. I shall kill myself otherwise. Yours in torment, Buttercup.' " She looked at Humperdinck. "Well? Do you think I'm throwing myself at him?""It does seem a bit forward," the Prince admitted. "It doesn't leave him a great deal of room to maneuver.
Dada Bhagwan|For how long is there a superior? For as long as one makes mistakes. When mistakes cease to happen, there will be no superior thereafter.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Public health service should be as fully organized and as universally incorporated into our governmental system as is public education. The returns are a thousand fold in economic benefits, and infinitely more in reduction of suffering and promotion of human happiness.
Lao Tzu|free from desire, you realize the mysterycaught in the desire, you see only the manifestations.
Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You|She looks at me, square in the eye. Taking aim. And then she pulls the trigger. “Because I hated you.”The wind, the noise, it all just goes quiet for a second, and I’m left with a dull ringing in my ear, like after a show, like after a heart monitor goes to flatline.“Hated me? W
Darrell Drake, Everautumn|For you was I born, for you do I have life, for you will I die, for you am I now dying.
Ellen DeGeneres|I don't have to take a trip around the world or be on a yacht in the Mediterranean to have happiness. I can find it in the little things, like looking out into my backyard and seeing deer in the fields.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|It was very damp and misty–which some people from outside the Pacific Northwest consider to be rain, but I do not. This is typical weather for the Pacific Northwest and Olympia. It is often wet in Olympia, but we have an average of only 49.95 inches a year of actual precipitation. That’s less than in Denver. In Olympia, the air is damp, and water collects and drips from everywhere. We do not get big downpours, but we get damp and spongy. I don’t care. It helps the trees grow, and I climb the trees.
Aparna Pathak|If your anger is the result of your sadness or if your sadness is result of your anger , you are undoubtedly suffering from disorientation.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community where you live... and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities
G.K. Chesterton, Collected Works Volume 10: Collected Poetry, Part 1|Diabolical forces are formidable. These forces are eternal, and they exist today. The fairy tale is true. The devil exists. God exists. And for us, as people, our very destiny hinges upon which one we elect to follow.
Anirban Bose, The Death of Mitali Dotto|This was where war happened, in someone’s backyard. Sometimes it was yours. Often, it was someone’s a world away. But it did happen. In this moment. In the next breath. Every day.Every day, someone lived in the midst of destruction and chaos. Every day, someone’s flower boxes filled with gunpowder’s haze, a child’s laughter turned to tears. There had been a day when someone watered those flowers in the evening’s peaceful quiet and the children caught fireflies in mason jars. And that day will come again, when the crickets and the bullets no longer have to compete for the night’s stage. But for now, all anyone could do was fight on the crickets’ behalf.
Jessica Sorensen, The Secret of Ella and Micha|Think of that person you knew when you were a kid, who you always thought you could have loved completely and forever.Well, you could have. It’s the truth, and it’s the saddest and simplest thing. There isn’t just one person for each of us in the world. There aren’t many, but there are always a few people we could have made it with, that maybe we still want to make it with, that press themselves so close to our hearts they leave scars, and then slip through our fingers and disappear from our lives. And it doesn’t make a difference if you’re thirteen or ninety- eight because some things you feel are real, no matter when.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without living the most chaotic internal storms, you can’t get the calmness of the wisdom! Wisdom is the child of the storm.
J. Budziszewski, Commentary on Thomas Aquinas's Treatise on Law|Of course there is such a thing as too much doubt, for we ought to accept what is true. But there is also such a thing as proper doubt, for we ought not accept what is false. The possibility of doubt is inherent in the longing to understand, and nothing less than complete and perfect knowledge can satisfy the mind. We do not possess such knowledge here on earth; it is reserved for the beatific vision. Until then, doubt will be with us. This is...why it is so unreasonable to trust only what cannot be doubted, as Descartes proposed, because everything can be doubted. We should believe, not what we cannot doubt, but what we have the best reasons to believe.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|Your love is not really love until you waste it, a kiss is never a kiss until you taste it..
Napoléon Bonaparte|A revolution is an idea, taken up by bayonets.
Elizabeth Esty|I will talk about two sets of things. One is how productivity and collaboration are reinventing the nature of work, and how this will be very important for the global economy. And two, data. In other words, the profound impact of digital technology that stems from data and the data feedback loop.
Harold Speed, The Practice and Science of Drawing|It is this perfect accuracy, this lack of play, of variety, that makes the machine-made article so lifeless. Wherever there is life there is variety, and the substitution of the machine-made for the hand-made article has impoverished the world to a greater extent than we are probably yet aware of. Whereas formerly, before the advent of machinery, the commonest article you could pick up had a life and warmth which gave it individual interest, now everything is turned out to such a perfection of deadness that one is driven to pick up and collect, in sheer desperation, the commonest rubbish still surviving from the earlier period.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|I'm a Helian, and you're an Arcan. We're just made that way. I don't think we would ever be able to really understand each other.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Someone's boyfriend died in a rock-climbing accident in Switzerland: everyone gathered around her, on fire with tragedy. Their dramatic shows up support underpinned with jealousy- bad luck was rare enough to be glamorous.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Your words, thoughts, intentions and actions today are your best hope, comfort, building blocks and insurance for tomorrow. But it is now alone that is guaranteed – tomorrow is a dream, a maybe a potential gift. It’s now - not tomorrow - where happiness and fulfilment live...awaiting your discovery. It’s all this that will make each extra day that may arrive extra special and rich.
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|When Einstein died, his greatest rival, Bohr, found for him words of moving admiration. When a few years later Bohr in turn died, someone took a photograph of the blackboard in his study. There’s a drawing on it. A drawing of the ‘light-filled box’ in Einstein’s thought experiment. To the very last, the desire to challenge oneself and understand more. And to the very last: doubt
François Lelord|Her heart broke. Because of sorrow. Because of guilt. Because of repressed dreams, visions and fantasies. Because almost nothing in her life had gone as she'd hoped.
Queen Latifah|I came from a crew, and to me, all the guys I rapped with were better than me, so I was surprised when I was the breakout one. It was definitely a cool thing.
Joyce Rachelle|Before you reach the point of forgiveness, you go through the phase where you pray... for every possible misfortune and ill luck to strike them dead while you sit and watch.
Michele McKnight Baker|Stay with me?” His fingers wound into my hair, and his arm tightened around me. “Always.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Florentino Ariza never had anotheropportunity to see or talk to Fermina Daza alone in the many chanceencounters of their very long lives until fifty-one years and ninemonths and four days later, when he repeated his vow of eternalfidelity and everlasting love on her first night as a widow.
Uneñ Ameji|There is a valid reason why they say live everyday as if it were your last, the truth is...., there is no tomorrow - just today
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|...and where the Ferris wheel carried its passengers high and brought them low and raised them high and brought them low again, as if it were not merely a carnival ride but also a metaphor for the basic pattern of human experience.
S.J. Wilkins, Hope|People will follow someone as a leader, who has vision and purpose; often that leader doesn’t wear a title.
Andrea Camilleri, The Snack Thief|Nothing is so much coveted by a young man as the reputation of being a genius; and many seem to feel that the want of patience for laborious application and deep research is such a mark of genius as cannot be mistaken: while a real genius, like Sir Isaac Newton, with great modesty says, that the great and only difference between his mind and the minds of others consisted solely in his having more patience.
Mae West|On Memorial Day, we remember the service of those brave military men and women who paid the ultimate sacrifice defending and protecting our freedoms.
Shannon Celebi|Opium makes you quick-witted - perhaps only because it calms the nerves and stills the emotions. Nothing, not even death, seems so important.
Steven Pressfield, Gates of Fire: An Epic Novel of the Battle of Thermopylae|Whatever causes night in our souls may leave stars. Cimourdain was full of virtues and truth, but they shine out of a dark background.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|I wish I could turn back time, but I can't. I made a stupid decision because I thought I was invincible, and I'll pay for it the rest of my life.
Marissa Mayer|We speak of 'software eating the world,' 'the Internet of Things,' and we massify 'data' by declaring it 'Big.' But these concepts remain for the most part abstract. It's hard for many of us to grasp the impact of digital technology on the 'real world' of things like rocks, homes, cars, and trees. We lack a metaphor that hits home.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|When you're (traveling) with someone else, you share each discovery, but when you are alone, you have to carry each experience with you like a secret, something you have to write on your heart, because there's no other way to preserve it.
Jennifer Worth, In the Midst of Life|It’s as if everyone got cancer the day I was diagnosed, except I’m their tumor.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|There will be today, there will be tomorrow, there will be always, and there was yesterday, and there was the day before...
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|The Christian doctrine of suffering explains, I believe, a very curious fact about the world we live in. The settled happiness and security which we all desire, God withholds from us by the nature of the world: but joy, pleasure, and merriment He has scattered broadcast...The security we crave would teach us to rest our hearts in this world and oppose an obstacle to our return to God...Our Father refreshes us on the journey with some pleasant inns, but will not encourage us to mistake them for home.
Ezra Taft Benson|In Arab capitals, the failure of the United States to stop Iran's nuclear program is understood as American weakness in the struggle for dominance in the Middle East, making additional cooperation from Arab leaders on Israeli-Palestinian issues even less likely.
Sunday Adelaja|No offense, Sam, but you’re going off the road. Off the road! Sam! You’re going off the road!”“No, I’m not; shut up,” Sam snapped as he guided the huge truck back onto the road, narrowly avoiding overturning in the ditch.“This is how I’m going to die,” Jack said. “Crammed in like this in a ditch.”“Oh, please,” Sam said. “You’re strong enough to tear your way out even if we did crash.”“Do me a favor and rescue me, too,
Alexander Meiklejohn, Political Freedom: The Constitutional Powers of the People|There are members of our body politic who tell us that the public interest is best served when government action is reduced to a minimum and especially when it is kept negative in character. But just now, the nation as a whole seems to be moving rather swiftly and decisively—as is the world as a whole—in the opposite direction. More and more, we Americans are initiating new forms of positive government action for the common good. Between these two tendencies the struggle becomes every day more open and more intense. And as we wage that conflict it is well to remember that the logic of the Constitution gives no backing to either of the two combatants, as against the other. We are left free, as any self-governing people must leave itself free, to determine by specific decisions what our economy shall be. It would be ludicrous to say that we are committed by the Constitution to the economic cooperations of socialism. But equally ludicrous are those appeals by which, in current debate, we are called upon to defend the practices of capitalism, of "free enterprise," so-called, as essential to the freedom of the American Way of Life. The American Way of Life is free because it is what we Americans freely choose—from time to time—that it shall be.
Justina Chen|He knew me in all the ways that truly mattered: the shape of my fears, the contours of my dreams.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|He says, 'I don't know if I can face this. You know. The party and the ceremony, and then the hour after that, and the hour after that.''You don't have to go to the party. You don't have to go to the ceremony. You don't have to do anything at all.''But there are still the hours, aren't there? One and then another, and then you get through that one and then, my god, there's another. I'm so sick.
Yanis Varoufakis, The Global Minotaur: America, the True Origins of the Financial Crisis and the Future of the World Economy|We do not get to vote on who owns what, or on relations in factory and so on, for all this is deemed beyond the sphere of the political, and it is illusory to expect that one can actually change things by "extending" democracy to ple's control. Radical changes in this domain should be made outside the sphere of legal "rights", etcetera: no matter how radical our anti-capitalism, unless this is understood, the solution sought will involve applying democratic mechanisms (which, of course, can have a positive role to play)- mechanisms, one should never forget, which are themselves part of the apparatus of the "bourgeois" state that guarantees the undisturbed functioning of capitalist reproduction. In this precise sense, Badiou hit the mark with his apparently wired claim that "Today, the enemy is not called Empire or Capital. It's called Democracy." it is the "democratic illusion" the acceptance of democratic procedures as the sole framework for any possible change, that blocks any radical transformation of capitalist relations.
George Elliott Clarke, Whylah Falls|This separation happened for a reason, this esason is for our own good; God is just positioning us.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|Ebb and flow, ebb and flow, our lives. Is that why we're fascinated by the steadfastness of stars? The water reaches my calves. I begin the story of the Pleiades, women transformed into birds so Swift and bright that no man could snare them.
Frank Jackson, From Metaphysics to Ethics: A Defence of Conceptual Analysis|... It happened very fast. And now that he's dead he can't remember pain. It's as if he'd never existed.'He wanted her to believe this, but he wasn't sure he believed it himself. If time was infinite, then three seconds and three years represented the same infinitely small fraction of it. And so, if inflicting three years of fear and suffering was wrong, as everyone would agree, then inflicting three seconds of it was no less wrong. He caught a fleeting glimpse of God in the math here, in the infinitesimal duration of a life. No death could be quick enough to excuse inflicting pain. If you were capable of doing the math, it meant that a morality was lurking in it.
Samar Sudha|Life is a Business, by Worship of Human being, we Earn good Deeds'' -Samar Sudha
Lebbeus Woods|Paul Virilio and I, in our different ways, share an intense interest in the changes brought about by technological innovation, by cultural and social upheavals, by natural catastrophes like earthquakes and the social and architectural responses to them. I see these extreme cases as the avant-garde of a coming normality, one that we must engage creatively now, inventing new languages, rules and methods, if we are to preserve what is essential to our humanity, that is, compassion, reason, independence of thought and action.
Bill Konigsberg, The Porcupine of Truth|More and more these days, I'm realizing that I might be crazy, but I'm loved too. I don't think I ever really knew that before, but I do now.
Lee Unkrich|I'm a very visual person, and I love opening beautiful books on art or design and looking through them.
Dave Eggers|But in the areas that matter most, a burst of energy and activity cannot reverse the consequences that accompany a season of neglect.
Nikki Rowe|You are mine, and I am thine, and no power on earth shall make it otherwise.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|I'll be damned. Miranda Sweet, is it you or is my glaucoma acting up again?" Ruby Sue sat her glass down on the Formica countertop with a clank. "You always did know how to make an entrance. Who do you think you are, the Queen of England?
Sunday Adelaja|Do not pay attention to difficulties and life’s troubles, you only need to believe
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|I laughed. It was just like Owen to make excuses for someone else’s shortcomings. Even fictional characters. Owen found my tendency to speak my mind “refreshingly honest,” and hailed Marc’s temper as “a deep protective instinct.” He said Ethan “thoroughly enjoyed life,” and that Parker “really knew how to have a good time.” According to Owen, we were all doing just fine, and all was right with the world.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Curiosity, boldness, and persistence help you to be a success.
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|Your music hurts, the way sunshine hurts when you’ve existed for a long time in darkness.
Samuel Johnson|Resolve not to be poor: whatever you have, spend less. Poverty is a great enemy to human happiness; it certainly destroys liberty, and it makes some virtues impracticable, and others extremely difficult. 
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Stop wasting time, start investing time for that is the only way to greatness.
Erich Fromm|My mom didn't want us to go to the candy house, she didn't want us to go to the ice cream truck, she didn't want us to go to the... There was actually a donut truck, if that makes sense.
Tricia Owens, Fearless Leader|Now do you understand why I'm interested in you? You're a locked door, sweetheart. You give no one a key and you never answer the door when anyone knocks...Ah, but sometimes, sometimes I get a peek through the keyhole and what I find there...It's like glimpsing you as you're stripping. Underneath all of that darkness is something hungry, something desperate, something, oh, so deliciously vulnerable.
Charbel Tadros|To get a true education, going to school is not enough. School helps students gain knowledge; however, true education is in gaining wisdom, which can only be earned with experience.
Leta B.|Every precious human being born should have the right to live, love, and maximize his or her potential without suffering from discrimination.
Solange nicole|The World will always need "magic". Without it, Life is nothing but cheap tricks.
Gretchen Rubin|Sometimes I succeed, sometimes I fail, but everyday is a clean state and a fresh opportunity.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|The age can be impressed. Anything will be accepted by men if you will but preach it with tremendous enthusiasm, emotion, persuasionnergy and living earnestness.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Just feel it, feel that connection and allow it. You will soon find that you attract similar influences.
Robert Calef, Salem Witchcaft; Comprising More Wonders of the Invisible World|And so there was a fundamental scepticism about the ability of any institution, even one like the novel, to tell us anything true.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|When you limit a woman's potential, you limit your own.
James C. Dobson|Sometimes we're so concerned about giving our children what we never had growing up, that we neglect to give them what we DID have growing up.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Ever consider what pets must think of us? I mean, here we come back from a grocery store with the most amazing haul - chicken, pork, half a cow. They must think we're the greatest hunters on earth!
Erma Bombeck, The Grass Is Always Greener over the Septic Tank|An answering smile drifted across his tanned face. "What is mine, I intend tokeep.
Neal Stephenson, Seveneves|Sometimes you just have to hold on even when you don’t believe in what you’re holding on to anymore. Sometimes you have to hold on to empty and distant memories, even if it feels like there isn’t any ‘you’ left. I think that’s what faith is all about, doing what you need to do even when the feeling isn’t there anymore.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|This next nugget of salesmanship cannot be perfected in a single afternoon. However, once you have it mastered, your competition will continuously believe you possess some mystical customer attracting formula
Sarah Hackley, Finding Happiness with Migraines: a Do It Yourself Guide, a min-e-bookTM|Veganism is a brilliant approach for elevating human consciousness and avoiding the energy of death and degeneration associated with killing animals for food, which enters us when we eat their flesh and blood.
David Bottoms|When hit by boredom, let yourself be crushed by it; submerge, hit bottom. In general, with things unpleasant, the rule is: The sooner you hit bottom, the faster you surface. The idea here is to exact a full look at the worst. The reason boredom deserves such scrutiny is that it represents pure, undiluted time in all its repetitive, redundant, monotonous splendor.Boredom is your window on the properties of time that one tends to ignore to the likely peril of one's mental equilibrium. It is your window on time's infinity. Once this window opens, don't try to shut it; on the contrary, throw it wide open.
Kate Mullane Robertson|I have sometimes thought that the reason the trees are so quiet in the summer is that they are in a sort of ecstasy; it is in winter, when the biologists tell us they sleep, that they are most awake, because the sun is gone and they are addicts without their drug, sleeping restlessly and often waking, walking the dark corridors of forests searching for the sun.
George MacDonald, Phantastes|Trust the Oak,” said she; “trust the Oak, and the Elm, and the great Beech. Take care of the Birch, for though she is honest, she is too young not to be changeable. But shun the Ash and the Alder; for the Ash is an ogre,—you will know him by his thick fingers; and the Alder will smother you with her web of hair, if you let her near you at night.
Scott Stabile|Don't waste mirror time criticizing your appearance when you could be spending it complementing the one person who has seen you through all of life's challenges and will get you through all that’s coming. that reflection of yours deserves nothing but praise, for as long as you're able to look in the mirror and see the it.
Dolly Parton|I didn’t know if his art was helping. But Moses’s pictures were like that, glorious and terrible. Glorious because they brought memory to life, terrible for the same reason. Time softens memories, sanding down the rough edges of death. But Moses’s pictures dripped with life and reminded us of our loss.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Most of us do not understand nuclear fission, but we accept it . . . Why is it so easy to accept manmade miracles and so difficult to accept the miracles of the Bible?
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Manon, Ballerina|Of course I’ll hurt you. Of course you’ll hurt me. Of course we will hurt each other. But this is the very condition of existence. To become spring, means accepting the risk of winter. To become presence, means accepting the risk of absence.
Terry Brooks|Christmas is a fun theme for a courtroom tale, because like that "Miracle on 34th Street", strange things have been known to happen when Christmas and the law come face to face.
David D. Flowers|The modern teachings of Christianity often preach of a peaceful, merciful, and loving God/Creator. Culturally, this concept of a God of peace is well liked and accepted amongst clergymen and the Christian community alike; however, some scriptural evidence gives us a contradictory and seemingly destructive version of our Creator.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|From all my dreams where you felt everlastingto all my clothes your words used to wear,to the old end, to the new beginning,you have lost me everywhere.
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|Harry, life isn't simple. There is such a thing as black and white. Right and wrong. But when you're in the thick of things, sometimes it's hard for us to tell. You didn't do what you did for your own benefit. You did it so that you could protect others. That doesn't make it right - but it doesn't make you a monster, either. You still have free will. You still get to choose what you will do and what you will be and what you will become.
Gugu Mona|When you surround yourself with dramatic people, your life will be driven by drama instead of being driven by destiny.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must seek the divinity within with all your heart, soul and mind.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Your future does not hinge on the world situation, however grim it might become. It depends on what happened 2,000 years ago at the cross and your acceptance or rejection of the Prince of Peace.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a business, then you are blessed with an abundance of capital which is your unconditional love.
Eleesha, The Soul Whisperer : A Trilogy of Soul Awakening, Revelations & Insights|In expression of Fatherhood I evolve to become - all I was destined, to be.
Learned Hand, The Spirit Of Liberty: Papers And Addresses Of Learned Hand|Implicit … in the very idea of ordered liberty, was a rejection of absolute truth, the infallibility of any idea or ideology or theology or “ism,” any tyrannical consistency that might lock future generations into a single, unalterable course, or drive both majorities and minorities into the cruelties of the Inquisition, the pogrom, the gulag, or the jihad....A rejection of absolutism, in all its forms, may sometimes slip into moral relativism or even nihilism, an erosion of values that hold society together…
Enock Maregesi|Wewe kuingilia mambo ya John ni sawa na kusema, ‘Mungu umeshindwa hebu ngoja na mimi nijaribu; ngoja niingilie kati kukusaidia juu ya maisha ya John Doe.’ Hiyo ni dhambi. Tena ni dhambi kubwa. Unajifananisha na Mungu; kwamba Mungu wa John Doe ameshindwa kwa hiyo mungu wewe ndiye utakayemtatulia matatizo yake. Amri kuu ya kwanza ya Mungu inasema, ‘Usiwe na miungu mingine ila mimi.’ Kuingilia mambo ya John tayari umevunja amri ya kwanza ya Mungu kwa kujifanya Mungu. Mungu ana mpango na maisha ya John, na anatumia matatizo yake kumfikisha kwenye takdiri aliyompangia. Hivyo, wewe si Mungu, acha Mungu afanye kazi yake. Mungu akikuruhusu kuingilia kati, yaani John akiamua kwa hiari yake mwenyewe kukuomba msaada wa mawazo au ushauri, maana yake ni kwamba Mungu amekuchagua wewe kuwa sehemu ya mafanikio ya John Doe.
Ta Nahesi Coates|We will always be black, you and I, even if it means different things in different places. France is built on its own dream, on its collection of bodies, and recall that your very name is drawn from a man who opposed France and its national project of theft by colonization. It is true that our color was not our distinguishing feature there, so much as the Americanness represented in our poor handle on French. And it is true that there is something particular about how the Americans who think they are white regard us—something sexual and obscene. We were not enslaved in France. We are not their particular “problem,” nor their national guilt. We are not their niggers. If there is any comfort in this, it is not the kind that I would encourage you to indulge. Remember your name. Remember that you and I are brothers, are the children of trans-Atlantic rape. Remember the broader consciousness that comes with that. Remember that this consciousness can never ultimately be racial; it must be cosmic. Remember the Roma you saw begging with their children in the street, and the venom with which they were addressed. Remember the Algerian cab driver, speaking openly of his hatred of Paris, then looking at your mother and me and insisting that we were all united under Africa. Remember the rumbling we all felt under the beauty of Paris, as though the city had been built in abeyance of Pompeii. Remember the feeling that the great public gardens, the long lunches, might all be undone by a physics, cousin to our rules and the reckoning of our own country, that we do not fully comprehend.
Chris Prentiss, The Laws of Love: Creating the Relationship of Your Dreams|To preserve what you have, to keep your relationships alive and glowing, give generously- give of your time, you assets, your attention, your help, and your love. Give of yourself.
C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life|Walking and talking are two very great pleasures, but it is a mistake to combine them. Our own noise blots out the sounds and silences of the outdoor world; and talking leads almost inevitably to smoking, and then farewell to nature as far as one of our senses is concerned. The only friend to walk with is one who so exactly shares your taste for each mood of the countryside that a glance, a halt, or at most a nudge, is enough to assure us that the pleasure is shared.
Colleen Houck|Hmm…now that I think about it, housecats are often coddled and petted. You don’t pet me nearly enough. You must be a lax owner. How selfish of you to deprive your cat of attention.
Alison Croggon|As every reader knows in his or her heart, there is much more to truth than mere fact.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|All this, and discontent too! Otherwise, why am I sitting here dreaming of England? Why am I gazing at this campfire like a lost should seeking a hope when all that I love is at my wingtips? Because I am curious. Because I am incorrigibly, now, a wanderer.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Do you attend networking events to give out as many cards as possible or is it your intention to deliver something of value? When you are busy charging ahead with your own agenda, you're not meeting the needs of anyone but yourself—and it's obvious!
Henry Johnson Jr|Money cannot buy you "HEALTH.
Marty Rubin|When you separate thought from life, you get philosophy.
S.A. Bouraleh, The Serpent's Son|EMTs learned to love brave patients--they weren't nearly such a pain in the ass as the whiners--but not to trust them. In the name of courage, they would hide symptoms, not ask for help when there was help hovering around them anxious to give them succor...
A.W. Tozer, The Root of the Righteous|As water cannot rise higher than its source, so the moral quality in an act can never be higher than the motive that inspires it. For this reason no act that arises from an evil motive can be good, even though some good may appear to come out of it. Every deed done out of anger or spite, for instance, will be found at last to have been done for the enemy and against the kingdom of God.
Ouida, A Dog of Flanders|Death had been more pitiful to them than longer life would have been. It had taken the one in the loyalty of love, and the other in the innocence of faith, from a world which for love has no recompense and for faith no fulfillment.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Above us, outlined against the brilliant sky, dragons crowded every available perching space on the Rim. And the sun made a gold of every one of them.
Wendy Corsi Staub, A Thoroughly Modern Princess|She grinned, looking for all the world like a sticky-mouthed little girl who had just convinced her gullible mother that she really did drop the first piece of candy into the storm drain and would need another.
Carolina De Robertis, Radical Hope: Letters of Love and Dissent in Dangerous Times|The human story is one of continual branching movement, out of Africa to every corner of the globe. When people talk of blood and soil, as if their ancestors sprung fully formed from the earth of a particular place, it involves a kind of forgetting.(Hari Kunzru)
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|He can surround a sword with flames." 	Freya sounded proud of him. That irritated Ena. He was her prisoner and only she had the right to feel proud of him as far as she was concerned.
F. Sionil Jose|It is not a dream that someday, nations will be able to settle their difficulties without war, just as individuals now settle their personal feuds without resorting to arguments of physical strength or sharp steel. For, then, humanity will have created international jurisdiction and a power to enforce its laws.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|Love has no color, love has no language and love has no religion.
Stig Dagerman, Dagsedlar|Shaytan will tell you that you’re not worthy, so give up. But his traps are based on lies. When was any of it because of *your* worth? It was all because of His mercy, His generosity, His love of giving, and forgiving. And those qualities don’t change because you’re messing up. Just seek them. Call Him by His mercy, not by your deeds.
Wynn Mercere, City of the Gods: Forgotten|Standing at the window, reading the menu of Obediah's services, the Minotaur wishes he could believe in what she has to offer: a promise woven into deep lines of his palm, some turn of fate told by a card. But faith is a nebulous thing and charlatans a dime a dozen; it's always been that way. The Minotaur both envies and pities the devout.
Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love|The way to my heart shattered when you left me, but I was glad because your memories were invulnerable, locked inside my heart.
Tavia Rahki Smith|Transitions themselves are not the issue, but how well you respond to their challenges!
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|This is a good place," he said."There's a lot of liquor," I agreed.
Ferdinand Foch|My centre is giving way, my right is in retreat, situation excellent. I attack.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|They that fail to understand their dreams, visions and aspirations in life and the real steps to take to make dreams a reality shall always have realities of life teaching them the had I knows of life.
Edith Eva Eger, The Choice: Embrace the Possible|To be passive is to let others decide for you. To be aggressive is to decide for others. To be assertive is to decide for yourself. And to trust that there is enough, that you are enough.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|Love is seeing someone for who they are, and for all the things that they don't know they can be. Sometimes it's neither seeing things as good or bad, but seeing them as aspects that create the being. If you cannot love someone for all of the things that create their personality, then you'll find it hard to love them at all. I can be everything or nothing, but I cannot love without you.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|You can walk into your room after walking out through the door, but you cannot come out of your grave after being buried into the soil.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Three things cannot be retrieved:The arrow once sped from the bowThe word spoken in hasteThe missed opportunity. Ali, the Lion of Islam.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Virtue is what happens when someone has made a thousand small choices requiring effort and concentration to do something which is good and right, but which doesn't come naturally. And then, on the thousand and first time, when it really matters, they find that they do what's required automatically. Virtue is what happens when wise and courageous choices become second nature.
Jasmine Warga|Anyone who has actually been that sad can tell you that there's nothing beautiful or literary or mysterious about depression.Depression is like a heaviness that you can't ever escape. It crushes down on you, making even the smallest things like tying your shoes or chewing on toast seem like a twenty-mile hike uphill. Depression is a part of you; it's in your bones and your blood.
Mayank Sharma|suicide is not just killing yourself, but the world outside
Jeffrey Tucker|When one person comes into contact with another, it is not simply coming together of person rather it is the first and the most important phase of coming together of humanity whether it is you and me or you and us or we and you friends. Unless it is engulfed by love and humanity the two qualifies which everybody professes or the eternal qualities essential for creating heaven in this very earth, which however, seems to be the most lacking in the present day traumatic situation of unhappiness, sorrows, woeful conditions, jealousies, hasted, abhorrence and so on, it will be simply wastage of the precious humanity.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|words are like nets - we hope they'll cover what we mean, but we know they can't possibly hold that much joy, or grief, or wonder.
Keira D. Skye|His lips are familiar. I know the shape of them, know how to make mine fit against them. His taste is familiar too. For all the illusions and colors and sweet smells... he has always tasted like skin. His breaths are shallow. I'm holding his life against my tongue, between my rows of teeth. He's offering it up.
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|There's a big luscious peach of a dream in L.A. The peach has been repeatedly exposed as overripe and tainted with wormholes... but it's still the only giant peach in town. Even if it's wet-brown and crawling with centipedes, everyone wants their bite.
Haruki Murakami|It was nothing but a hole, a mouth open wide. You could lean over the edge and peer down to see nothing. All I knew about the well was its frightening depth. It was deep beyond measuring, and crammed full of darkness, as if all the world’s darkness had been boiled down to their ultimate density.
Dorothy Parker|The best way to keep children at home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant, and let the air out of the tires.
Farah Oomerbhoy, The Last of the Firedrakes|When difficulties come, we must see them as what they are---opportunities and a new path to discover your potential. How will you ever know the magnitude of courage you are capable of if you have never experienced the hopelessness of fear?
Jerry Lee Lewis|If the empire had been afflicted by any recent calamity, by a plague, a famine, or an unsuccessful war; if the Tiber had, or if the Nile had not, risen beyond its banks; if the earth had shaken, or if the temperate order of the seasons had been interrupted, the superstitious Pagans were convinced that the crimes and the impiety of the Christians, who were spared by the excessive lenity of the government, had at length provoked the divine justice.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never underestimate a warrior; the lion in him may be sleeping, but that does not mean he’s dead.
Diane Meier, The Season of Second Chances|One of her secret fantasies had been that, as a girl who could code, she would work in the one place where a geeky fat girl could get dates. It had not been entirely untrue. But as someone had pointed out to her in school, although the odds are good, the goods are odd.
Sumit Ð choudhary c2|They’d be complaining about having to walk, and screeching at me to ‘do something, Freddy, do something!’”“But what could you do?” she said, puzzled.“Carry them, probably.” He gave her a hopeful look. “Do you want me to carry you?
Janet Evanovich, Visions of Sugar Plums|We’ve lost something vital, I tell you. When we lost it, we lost the ability to make good decisions. We fall upon decisions these days the way we fall upon an enemy—or wait and wait, which is a form of giving up, and we allow the decisions of others to move us. Have we forgotten that we were the ones who set this current flowing?
Nora Roberts, Vision in White|Yeah, I must have been really bad in a past life or something." He smiled, his eyes still in pain. Reaching up, he touched a strand of mt hair. " Don't leave, OK?""Shhh. I'm not going anywhere." I kept stroking his forehead, trailing my fingers across it. His muscular shoulders gradually relaxed, his eyes closing again. His breathing slowed, became more regular.I could hear the TV on in the other room, the sound of voices. None of it mattered to me. I stayed there until long after Alex had fallen asleep-- gently caressing the vbrow of the boy I loved, trying to keep his pain at bay.
Charles de Leusse|We have a thousand possible, but only one is the target. (Nous avons mille possibles, - Mais un seul est la cible)
Austin Grossman, You|Don’t worry, my friend. I won’t let you die.” I was seventeen and stupid and I believed him.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|...there is so much beauty in the trying, and in the failing, and in the trying again.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|Once again, we are reminded that awakening, or enlightenment is not the property of Buddhism, any more than Truth is the property of Christianity. Neither the Buddha nor the Christ belongs exclusively to the communities that were founded in their names. They belong to all people of goodwill, all who are attentive to the secret which lives in the depths of their breath and their consciousness. (14)
G.K. Chesterton|Bad is so bad, that we cannot but think good an accident; good is so good, that we feel certain that evil could be explained.
François Magendie|Life is a beautiful dream to be cherished, as long as it lasts.
Shahrukh Husain, A Restless Wind|Moving the body resolves nothing- sadness, after all travels in the mind.
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|I like the way you kiss-a couple of test kisses, then a huge kiss.
Lukhman Pambra|The job market, however, proved distressingly uncooperative. All of the local barista positions had been filled by more enterprising philosophy majors, and Arthur lacked the skills to do much beyond make a cup of coffee.
Augustine of Hippo|This is what the Apologists can teach us about the world, culture, and philosophy. The pendulum steadily swings between contempt and wonder. The aim is not compromise between these stances, rather we need both the extremes of the swing simultaneously. Each extreme taken on its own is too confined for Christian teaching, and so: neither unconditional rejection, nor unconditional embrace.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are optimistic. When you walk with leaders, the spirit of hope will ramble around you and you will feel like “yes, I can break barriers with few blows.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|I'm fairly tired of hipsters. They have terrible taste in music. These kids come in and say, 'You don't have anything that was released this year?' That makes me crazy. We don't need anything from this year! (Bob Diener, owner of Record Swap in Champaign, IL)
George Gordon Byron|The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the starsDid wander darkling in the eternal space.
Mohamed ElBaradei|I hate going out for lunch during a workday because it slows down my pace and ruins my rhythm. I prefer to eat at my desk. Actually, I wander around the design studio with a plate in my hand as I dine on, for example, salmon sashimi and a salad of tomatoes and mozzarella. I often have a bit of dark chocolate after lunch.
Paula Gruben, Umbilicus|It’s such a relief to know these are universal truths for so many of us in the adoption triad. Gosh, how much easier things could have been for you, for me, and your folks, if literature like this had been around, say, five, ten years ago, when we could’ve all really used it.
Robert Laxalt, Sweet Promised Land|Home is a fairy tale, the kind where children are lost in the woods, found, cooked and eaten.
Lynn Anderson, They Smell Like Sheep|Good equippers do like Jesus did it: recruit twelve, graduate eleven, and focus on three.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Now envy and antipathy, passions irreconcilable in reason, nevertheless in fact may spring conjoined like Chang and Eng in one birth. Is Envy then such a monster? Well, though many an arraigned mortal has in hopes of mitigated penalty pleaded guilty to horrible actions, did anybody ever seriously confess to envy? Something there is in it universally felt to be more shameful than even felonious crime. And not only does everybody disown it, but the better sort are inclined to incredulity when it is in earnest imputed to an intelligent man. But since it's lodgement is in the heart and not the brain, no degree of intellect supplies a guarantee against it.
Orson Scott Card, Ruins|Planetologist call it the conundrum of unforeseen ecological consequence. I call it the whack-a-mole rule of human meddling. She clasped both hands like a child hammering. WHACK! We change something here. Oops, that makes another problem pop up there where we didn't expect it. WHACK! So, we whack that mole. Oops! We're so smart that we're a menace.
C. JoyBell C.|I am going to open myself up to all that is superior in the world and beyond and I am going to spend time trying to take delight in things! Not finding ruin in them! If the ruin of you is what you look for, the ruin of you is what you are going to find!
Woody Allen|Money is our madness, our vast collective madness.
Nadège Richards, Burning Bridges|Many more villagers, who have seen an elephant for the first time in their lives, give absurd exaggerations regarding his size, weight, and height. One of them describes him as ‘a fundament!’. Another, elaborating, alludes to the term ‘firmament,’ because of the elephant’s hugeness. He felt as though the sky was obliterated from his vision. The last to be interviewed by the local TV station swears that he sensed the world lean forward as the elephant came closer and tilt backwards as the beast walked away.This large mammal ambles purposefully. He pays no heed to the crowded silence following him in stealthy consciousness. One of the villagers, a woman often suspected of dabbling in witchcraft, talks of her inspired theory: that this was no elephant, more like a human on a holy mission of avenging justice. Two other witnesses, neither having had any contact with the woman, speak in substantiation of the woman’s claims, giving as evidence the observation that the elephant turned around when someone said something in Somali. Several villagers will not comment, afraid of a fitting retribution should they do so.
Sunday Adelaja|If you know that you are born of Christ, you don’t need to worry, you are already guaranteed the victory
Moses C. Onwubiko|And we neglect the glorious gospel when we fail to recognize his preeminence. How frequently we forget that everything is for him and about him. We forget that he is to be first, in our honor and in our worship. Whenever the gospel slips from our conscious thought, our religion becomes all about our performance, and then we think everything that happens or will ever happen isa bout us. When I forget the incarnation, sinless life, death, resurrection, and ascension, I quickly believe that I'm supposed to be the unrivaled supreme, and matchless one. It's at this point that I'm particularly in need of an intravenous dose of gospel truth. He is preeminent.
Jeff Nichols|At 14, I was the most disciplined guy around. I would get up at 5 o'clock in the morning and run five miles, and then go to school. Sometimes I would run behind the school bus, and the kids thought I was just crazy. I knew what I wanted.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|It is not the outside of people that bothers me, but the inside.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|The principal component in any genuine friendship is caring, not competition.
Chelsea Clinton|Germany was beaten after World War I, but it didn't take long for it to rise again as a much more malignant threat. The end of World War II was not to be a compromise; it was to come about from the total annihilation of the enemies' ability and will to make war.
Lyn Gardner (Mistletoe, 2012)|It was who they were, and it was who they always would be. They would remain forever in lust and forever in love, for theirs was a love that transcended body and mind. Theirs was a love of the soul.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If that's the case, waiter, please bring me another piece of cake," Gramps said as lunch was brought to the table, "I'm all for fighting tyranny and oppression.
NightWriter|The truth of Self is our strongest energy on earth and has the ability to erase the past, the past that we thought was true, the past that we have suffered thinking was all that there was in our life history. That false and unholy past is erased for the truth turns on all the lights within us at last, our fear is gone, and we feel only eternal peace at the core of our caring nature. We step into the awareness of being a part of the Human Family, home at last in this connection. It is there that we find each other, there that we join in doing what we as Humans are meant to do, and there that history pivots in an eternal reality.
Gary Steiner, Animals and the Moral Community: Mental Life, Moral Status, and Kinship|If it's wrong when they do it, it's wrong when we do it.
Julie Lessman, Surprised by Love|So many of us have believed that we need to labor and perform for God so that we can gain an identity, so that we might be accepted. But in the Kingdom, we start off accepted.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|Without passion, nobody can truly commit to anything and without optimism, positive outcomes become scarce.
Samad Behrangi|From the will of a freedom-fighter, Farzad Kamangar:"Is it possible to be a teacher and not show the path to the sea to the little fish of the country? Is it possible to carry the heavy burden of being a teacher and be responsible for spreading the seeds of knowledge and still be silent? Is it possible to see the lumps in the throats of the students and witness their thin and malnourished faces and keep quiet? … I cannot imagine witnessing the pain and poverty of the people of this land and fail to give our hearts to the river and the sea, to the roar and the flood.
Alfred Eisenstaedt|Photography is about capturing souls, not smiles.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|You look too pretty to be useful." "Truer words were never spoken.
Nava Atlas, The Literary Ladies' Guide to the Writing Life|The dilemma for women who love to write may not have so much to do with finding the elusive literary voice, as with being reluctant to use the one that's already lurking inside, just waiting for the chance to speak up. Many of us, especiall,y those from the generations taught to be good, accommodating girls, are afraid of sounding too strong, too loud, too unconventional, or simply too much like the self we're afraid to reveal to the world. Most of us have at least an inkling of what form our writing voice should take, if only we might find the courage to reveal it.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|Men who give up the common goal of all things that exist, thereby cease to exist themselves. Some may perhaps think it strange that we say that wicked men, who form the majority of men, do not exist; but that is how it is. I am not trying to deny the wickedness of the wicked; what I do deny is that their existence is absolute and complete existence. Just as you might call a corpse a dead man, but couldn't simply call it a man, so I would agree that the wicked are wicked, but could not agree that they have unqualified existence.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, Leftism Revisited: from de Sade and Marx to Hitler and Pol Pot|Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|Make no mistake, little human. You are under my protection now, and I protect what is mine.
Utpal Vaishnav|When you want to learn something, all the life experiences conspire in helping you to learn.
Joyce Meyer|God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|I was still sitting there, too unsure of myself to say anything, when Nicolas kissed me.'Let's go to bed,' he said softly.
Ahmed Abu Taha|When you decide to meet—in person—someone that you met online, would you then be taking your relationship to the 'previous' level?
Kat Bastion, Two Bar Mitzvahs|Contradictions, in any communication, are the first stepping stones of mistrust
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom The Bell Tolls|How little we know of what there is to know. I wish that I were going to live a long time instead of going to die today because I have learned much about life in these four days; more, I think than in all other time. I'd like to be an old man to really know. I wonder if you keep on learning or if there is only a certain amount each man can understand. I thought I knew so many things that I know nothing of. I wish there was more time.
Spike Lee|I take advantage of every thing I can - age, hair, disability - because my cause is just.
Yoshida Kenkō, A Cup of Sake Beneath the Cherry Trees|I have relinquished all that ties me to the world, but the one thing that still haunts me is the beauty of the sky
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I don’t think anyone ever gets completely used to conflict. If it’s not a little uncomfortable, then it’s not real. The key is to keep doing it anyway
Barbara Bush|to us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|Whoever said that the past isn't dead had it backward. It's the future that's already dead, already played out.
Norm MacDonald|I have turned away from the thought of writing fiction in the past through what I suppose is, actually, fear. The direct, raw invitation for the reader to come in and explore my imagination is fairly scary for me so I have busied myself with so much else.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost . . . but still, I was alive.
Vinoba Bhave|The stupid believe that to be truthful is easy; only the artist, the great artist, knows how difficult it is.
Shannon L. Alder|If only you could be yourself." they shouted. So, she did. "You are not like me or anyone I have met!" they screamed. So, she blended. "You are so fake." they laughed. So, the caterpillar retreated to her cocoon to find peace alone. One day, they came to find her gone. She left a message, “God knew I was different and gave me these beautiful wings because he meant for me to fly. You see...I wasn’t meant to be like you. I was meant to be me--better.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Life is strong and fragile. It's a paradox... It's both things, like quantum physics: It's a particle and a wave at the same time. It all exists all together.
Malala Yousafzai|Education promotes equality and lifts people out of poverty. It teaches children how to become good citizens. Education is not just for a privileged few, it is for everyone. It is a fundamental human right.
|As long as God hasn't counted us out from the realities of our destines, victory will always be ours.
Gil Valle, Raw Deal: The Untold Story Of NYPD's "Cannibal Cop"|I think we would all agree that people should not be jailed for thoughts. But when, if ever, does a thought cross the line and become a crime?
Andrew Marvell|Juliet shook her head. The thought of eating anything made her feel nauseous. "No thanks, I'm not hungry.""Oh yeah, the heartbreak diet," nodded Trudy sagely. "Been there, done that, bought the T-shirt.
Willard Van Orman Quine|Believing is a disposition. We could tire ourselves out thinking, if we put our minds to it, but believing takes no toll.
Martin Buber|When two people relate to each other authentically and humanly, God is the electricity that surges between them.
Germany Kent|Seven Ways To Get Ahead in Business:1. Be forward thinking 2. Be inventive, and daring3. Do the right thing4. Be honest and straight forward5. Be willing to change, to learn, to grow6. Work hard and be yourself7. Lead by example
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|I was a good lawyer , and most days that was enough. I was aware, however, that I took refuge in my profession, as unlikely as that seemed considering the amount of human suffering I dealt with. It offered me a role to escape into, from what I no longer knew; perhaps nothing more significant than my own little ration of suffering.
Rebecca McNutt, Hermione|I'm not much for parties. Sometimes you have to wear a funny hat, sometimes they expect you to eat sushi, which is like eating bait. And there's always some totally drunk girl who thinks you're smitten by her, when what you're really wondering is if she'll vomit on your shirt or instead on your shoes.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|You can see I have no will to stay away from you, no tolerance to live without you.
John Adams|It is when the colors do not match, when the references in the index fail, when there is no decisive precedent, that the serious business of the judge begins
Terry Spear, Alpha Wolf Need Not Apply|His mouth was on hers, the champagne flavoring his tongue and lips, his sexy scent reaching her over the warm, bubbling water. She stroked his arms, loving the feel of his mouth against hers, hot and hungry. Just like hers was, unable to get enough, not wanting to give this up, wanting to kiss him until the sun rose in the morning.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life|The virtues are economists, but some of the vices are also...Pride is handsome, economical; pride eradicates so many vices, letting none subsist but itself, that it seems as if it were a great gain to exchange vanity for pride. Pride can go without domestics, without fine clothes, can live in a house with two rooms, can eat potato, purslain, beans, lyed corn, can work on the soil, can travel afoot, can talk with poor men, or sit silent well contented in fine saloons. But vanity costs money, labor, horses, men, women, health and peace, and is still nothing at last; a long way leading nowhere. Only one drawback; proud people are intolerably selfish, and the vain are gentle and giving.
Clarice Lispector|When I was very young and in the cave of Trophonius I forgot to laugh. Then, when I got older, when I opened my eyes and saw the real world, I began to laugh and I haven’t stopped since. I saw that the meaning of life was to get a livelihood, that the goal of life was to be a High Court judge, that the bright joy of love was to marry a well-off girl, that the blessing of friendship was to help each other out of a financial tight spot, that wisdom was what the majority said it was, that passion was to give a speech, that courage was to risk being fined 10 rix-dollars, that cordiality was to say ‘You’re welcome’ after a meal, and that the fear of God was to go to communion once a year. That’s what I saw. And I laughed.
Álvaro Siza|Every child likes to take a pencil to make a mark. Everybody makes beautiful things when they are three, four, or five years old. Most people lose that spontaneity; I think that always happens. Some are able to win a second spontaneity.
Hermann Göring|Why of course the people don't want war. Why should some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece? Naturally the common people don't want war neither in Russia, nor in England, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship.Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the peacemakers for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country.
Beth Fantaskey, Buzz Kill|I'm really too young to go out into the world alone," he thought as he lay down.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|I am inhabited by a cry. Nightly it flaps outLooking, with its hooks, for something to love.
Daniel Polansky, The Builders|The two old friends stood silently in the fading light, though you wouldn’t have known it to look at them. That they were old friends, I mean. Anyone could see it was getting dark.
Chogyam Trungpa|In what is now known as Bodh Gaya…a Buddhist temple stands beside an ancient pipal, descended from that bodhi tree, or “enlightenment tree,” and I watched the rising of the morning star and came away no wiser than before. But later I wondered if the Tibetan monks were aware that the Bodhi tree was murmuring with gusts of birds, while another large pipal, so close by that it touched the holy tree with many branches, was without life. I make no claim for the event: I simply declare what I saw at Bodh Gaya.
Herman Hesse|Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Dream Song:As my eyes Search the prairie, I feel the summer in the spring. Whenever I pause The noise Of the village. 
P. J. O'Rourke|There's a love of rhetorical skill in the Muslim world. Osama bin Laden doesn't just go on tape cassettes and say, 'America sucks.' He recites poetry; he finds things that 'America sucks' rhymes with.
Charles Spurgeon|I am and always will be a sinner. But that's the beautiful thing about Jesus. I'll always try to be a better person in the eyes of God. But I'm not all of a sudden stepping up on a pedestal and saying I'm holier than thou, 'cause I'm not!
Darren Flutie|Heck, nobody gets along perfectly. But what we have is respect for one another. We have a system where one guy can veto anything.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|Perhaps he was afraid as I was that we'd be caught. Or perhaps he was breathing me in just as I was letting him come into my lungs, my eyes, my heart.
Letty Cottin Pogrebin|Love can no more continue without a constant motion than fire can; and when once you take hope and fear away, you take from it its very life and being.
Frederick Buechner, Wishful Thinking: A Theological ABC|The more we love God, the more unpleasant sin becomes.
Thomas Fuller|There comes a pause, for human strength will not endure to dance without cessation; and everyone must reach the point at length of absolute prostration.
L.M. Boston, The Sea Egg|Coastal people never really know what the ocean symbolizes to landlocked inland people—what a great distant dream it is, present but unseen in the deepest levels of subconsciousness, and when they arrive at the ocean and the conscious images are compared with the subconscious dream there is a sense of defeat at having come so far to be so stopped by the mystery that can never be fathomed. The source of it all.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Look into my eyes andYou'll see my mind.A tranquil city,That rebuilt itself and left the past behind.
Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence|I love books where I can't wait to turn every page, songs that grab me the first time I hear them, and films that make me totally forget about the craft because I am totally engaged in the story.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Sometimes, you feel like being watched from behind by someone.When you turned, it's just nothing, nobody, none,or only someone who's daydreaming and staring right through you.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|That was the hard thing about grief, and the grieving. They spoke another language, and the words we knew always fell short of what we wanted them to say.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|We were familiar with the line that separates grief from madness, and we know that sometimes the only way to stay on the right side of it is to scream.
Aisha Mirza|I write to taste life twice; to savour the flavour of sweet times gone by, or spit out the bitterness before it multiplies.
Andrew Clements, We the Children|Robert said, "This is great, huh? Sorry to butt in and everything, but I really need the extra points. For my grade."Ben nodded and tried to smile. Right, for his grade. He probably wanted to get an A++ in social studies instead of just an A+
Emm Roy, The First Step|We are all broken, but none of us are beyond fixing".
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|No electricity, fridge, TV or game console. I guess changing from human was enough fun and games for werewolves.
Marianne Williamson|We're risking the future of the net. People are already losing their trust. Once you get burned once - somebody steals your credit card, or makes a purchase on your account - people tend to stay away from online commerce and from trusting online services.
Debasish Mridha|The will to love, the desire to help, and an open mind with gratitude can unlock the door to eternal happiness.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Which one is the truth, sir?Which period do you mean, son?
Haim Shapira, על הדברים החשובים באמת|Between the natural way and the path of grace there is a deep abyss. It is in that gap that we live our lives as a giant struggle between good and evil, Satan and God, despair and love. Whenever despair wins, it is the natural way. Whenever love wins, it is a moment of grace. When love is victorious and defeats despair completely, you've reached the path of grace.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|…The love of his youthAppeared as in a dreamAnd this ageing loverWent mad with love.The youth robbed him ofReason and his chastity.In pursuit of his Beloved, mad, deranged,He was from kith and kin estranged.The fire of the rose’s cheekBurnt the nightingale’s heart;The laughing flameTormented the devoted moth…
Shannon K. Butcher, Dark and Stormy Knights|When you fall in love, you don’t listen to anyone, because everything seems wrong.
Maya Banks, The Darkest Hour|Two years before, when the riots started, the media had had a field day, but now people discussed them less and less. ... ...in fact the media's attitude had changed over the last few months. No one talked about violence in the banlieues or race riots anymore. That was all passed over in silence.
John Kenneth Galbraith|Men are born to sin…What does matter most, is not that we err, it is that we do benefit from our mistakes, that we are capable of sincere repentance, of genuine contrition.
C.S. Lewis|Believe me, Eugenie, the words "vice" and "virtue" supply us only with local meanings. There is no action, however bizarre you may picture it, that is truly criminal; or one that can really be called virtuous. Everything depends on our customs and on the climates we live in. What is considered a crime here is often a virtue a few hundred leagues away; and the virtues of another hemisphere might, quite conversely, be regarded as crimes among us. There is no atrocity that hasn't been deified, no virtue that hasn't been stigmatized.
Zooey Deschanel|I think my knowledge of music theory is rooted in jazz theory, and a lot of the writers of standards – Rodgers and Hart, and Gershwin.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Memorizing the Bible is most important. “Thinking God’s thoughts” will take the place of worried, anxious concerns.
Anthony Liccione|Regrets never sit well, with those that never forget.
Louis L'Amour, Comstock Lode|(Patrick) Henry rightly understood that the moral condition of the American people was a direct product of their religious faith, and that politics and morality were inevitably intertwined. Thus, the political structure ultimately rested on a religious foundation. The "great pillars of all government and of social life, "Henry once observed, are virtue, morality, and religion.
Danielle Steel|If you let life pass you by now, it won't ever come back. You don't get another chance.
Herman Melville|I'll try a pagan friend, thought I, since Christian kindness has proved but hollow courtesy.
Jochen Zeitz|I call upon governments to start supporting companies to use more sustainable materials in their products instead of continuing with antiquated incentives, such as import duties on synthetic materials that are in principle much higher compared with those placed on leather goods regardless of the environmental footprint.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Be bigger presence at work. Race up ladder (joyfully, w/smile on face), get raise. Get in best shape of life, start dressing nicer. Learn guitar? Make point of noticing beauty of world? Why not educate self re. birds, flowers, trees, constellations, become true citizen of natural world, walk around neighborhood w/kids, patiently teaching kids names of birds, flowers, etc. etc.? Why not take kids to Europe? Kids have never been. Have never, in Alps, had hot chocolate in mountain café, served by kindly white- haired innkeeper, who finds them so sophisticated/friendly relative to usual snotty/rich American kids (who always ignore his pretty but crippled daughter w/braids) that he shows them secret hiking path to incredible glade, kids frolic in glade, sit with crippled pretty girl on grass, later say it was most beautiful day of their lives, keep in touch with crippled girl via email, we arrange surgery here for her, surgeon so touched he agrees to do surgery for free, she is on front page of our paper, we are on front page of their paper in Alps? Ha ha.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as grace abounds, I will work with all my strength.
Mark Cuban|A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.
Stella Payton|Its all about perception, that is how you look at. Your own thoughts and outlook defines whether it is good or bad. And your definition determines your response.
Tahmima Anam, The Good Muslim|She felt the urge to tell him more, to explain about the abortions she had done after the war, and that she hadn’t realised until later, much later, that she had racked up a debt she was still struggling to repay. How could he know – he was just a soldier, he had killed as a matter of principle, but the war babies, the children of rape, had been left to junior doctors, the volunteers in ragged tents on the outskirts of town.
Jeremy McCarter, Hamilton: The Revolution|Ordinary British soldiers harbored several strange preconceptions of their own. Some were surprised that the colonists wore clothes, thinking they would dress like Indians. Other had expected to encounter roving bands of wild animals in the manner of African jungles. And when a loyalist came aboard one ship to help it into port, the British crew and troops were dumbfounded. "All the People had been of the Opinion," they exclaimed, "that the inhabitants of America were black.
Dale Murphy|You know, I respect what Howard Dean has been able to do. It's good for our party. But I've got to tell you this: If money alone decided presidential nominations, Phil Gramm would have been nominated in '96.
Jesse Jackson|History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|...it’s not just the person who fills a house, it’s their I’ll be back later!s, their toothbrushes and unused hats and coats, their belongingnesses.
Ronald Wright, A Short History of Progress|Each food items in a typical U.S. meal has traveled an average of 1,500 miles....If every U.S. citizen ate just one meal a week (any meal) composed of locally and organically raised meats and produce we would reduce our country's oil consumption by over 1.1 million barrels of oil every week.
Brian Moynihan|In our education system, we are taught to munch figures and remember them for lifetime. But does it help? We are not taught how to make decisions.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|A layer of fine powder coats his skin.“My lungs are turning to concrete,” Rob wheezes, hacking and spitting.“So are my eyes. How do I always get roped into these things?” Avery coughs and pats Rob’s back in sympathy. A poof of dust billows from the contact.
W.H. Newton-Smith, Logic: An Introductory Course|I, therefore, for one, cannot see my way to accepting the agnostic rules for truth-seeking, or wilfully agree to keep my willing nature out of the game. I cannot do so for this plain reason, that a rule of thinking which would absolutely prevent me from acknowledging certain kinds of truth if those kinds of truth were really there, would be an irrational rule.
Jack Henry Abbott|That feeds anger, and I mean when we went and at last thank heavens got towards peace in Northern Ireland we went for justice within Northern Ireland as well as using security well, as well as a political settlement, but surely that is the lesson.
Robert Charles Wilson, Divided by Infinity|I'd ask you to think outside the box on this, but it's obvious your box is broken. And has schizophrenia.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|There are some griefs so loudThey could bring down the sky,And there are griefs so stillNone knows how deep they lie,Endured, never expended.There are old griefs so proudThey never speak a word;They never can be mended.And these nourish the willAnd keep it iron-hard.
Carson Daly|After about 20 years of marriage, I'm finally starting to scratch the surface of what women want. And I think the answer lies somewhere between conversation and chocolate.
Edward M. Wolfe, When Everything Changed|They found him guilty, and brother, if Maine had the death penalty, he would have done the airdance before that spring's crocuses poked their heads out of the dirt.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|I have never felt the need to worship someone or something, but I recognize the beauty of creation, the miraculosity of existence, and honor the genius behind the scene, who came up with all of this.
Betty Wright|It happened in Miami, in Coral Gables, a great big ol' Cuban wedding. It was pretty intense.
Kathleen Prasad, Everything Animal Reiki: A Simple Guide to Meditating with Animals for Healing|When we are in a true Reiki space, species differences melt away and profoundinterspecies connections are forged.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|The problem with battling yourself is that even if you win, you lose.
Debasish Mridha|To create new rules, use the power of love, courage, and kindness to break the rules.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|But you don't know what it was like. It was just the two of us that afternoon, and then . . . and then it was just me.
Krzysztof Kieślowski, Kieslowski on Kieslowski|How may a mortal, face and defeat the Kraken
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bloody Bones|There had to be a circle of Hell where you were eternally fourteen, eternally in junior high. One of the lower circles.
Martin Luther, Luther's Works, 33: Career of the Reformer III|Since then your sere Majesty and your Lordships seek a simple answer, I will give it in this manner, neither horned nor toothed. Unless I am convinced by the testimony of the Scriptures or by clear reason (for I do not trust either in the pope or in councils alone, since it is well known that they have often erred and contradicted themselves), I am bound by the Scriptures I have quoted and my conscience is captive to the Word of God. I cannot and I will not recant anything, since it is neither safe nor right to go against conscience. May God help me. Amen.", April 18, 1521)
Carl Busby Sr, Poems from the Sand II|When you have done all that you can do, A true Mother will always stick by you. You may think sometimes that she is rude. She has to be because this world can be crude.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|It does not come to me in quite so direct a line as that; it takes a bend or two, but nothing of consequence. The stream is as good as at first; the little rubbish it collects in the turnings is easily moved away.
P.G. Wodehouse, Jeeves and the Tie That Binds|[I]t is that we are too apt to despise what appears to be neither good nor beautiful, and thus we lose what is helpful and salutary.
Maurice Young|To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.
Mark Goulston, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder For Dummies|How resilient was the body, to return to its prior form so quickly! Yet the mind was formed of a less pliable substance. The emptiness in her thoughts would not be so easily filled. Instead there was a hollowness among them-a place she had reserved for future joys which now would never arrive.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|I wandered everywhere, through cities and countries wide. And everywhere I went, the world was on my side.
William Osler|As a historical novelist, there is very little I like more than spending time sorting through boxes of old letters, diaries, maps, trinkets, and baubles.
Dada Bhagwan|From the moment you realize, ‘I am the most worthless person in this world’; you become valuable.
Hugh Jackman|When fast food is not a treat but a dietary staple, the children surf the internet all day in dark corners of the room and are bombarded with latest gadgets. Things replace parental standards.
Cara McKenna, Shivaree|I was beginning to see that Phineas could get away with anything. I couldn't help envying him that a little, which was perfectly normal. There was no harm in envying even your best friend a little
Andrew Motion|I wish I'd been better able to resist the sense of obligation to write some of the poems I did. It's in the nature of commissioned work to be written too much from the side of your mind that knows what it's doing, which dries up the poetry.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|I was supposed to be powerless, and as a result they failed to see that I possessed claws.
Larry Levis|The moment of writing is not an escape...it is only an insistence, through the imagination, upon human ecstasy, and a reminder that such ecstasy remains as much a birthright in this world as misery remains a condition of it.
Diane Abbott|This is not the time for partisan bickering. This is not the time for politics as usual. Some of us are Democrats. Some of us are Republicans. Some of us are Independents. Above all, we must be Oklahomans first.
Brian McDermott|The number of people with HIV receiving Medicare benefits has grown over time, reflecting growth in the size of the of the HIV positive population in the U.S. but also an increased lifespan for people with HIV due to antiretroviral medicines and other treatment advances.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I never try to defend religion. Religion has spawned wars. Many so-called religious people have been characterized by prejudice, pride, and bickering . . . I would call you to a simple faith in Jesus, who said, “Love your neighbor as yourself.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, Made in the Image of God: Understanding the Nature of God and Mankind in a Changing World|For one to define and understand the nature of the universe, one must firstunderstand the nature of the force behind its existence.
Louise Erdrich, The Round House|I realized that lacking the feminine, the language had communicated to me in subtle ways that women were nonentities, that women counted mostly as they related to men.
Simon S. Tam|The words we choose can build communities, reunite loved ones, and inspire others. They can be a catalyst for change. However, our words also have the power to destroy and divide: they can start a war, reduce a lifelong relationship to a collection of memories, or end a life.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|We do not, after all, deal in truths, only potentialities. Too much truth can be worse than death, and last longer.
Joan Rivers|Thanksgiving was always a favorite holiday for me. The preparation was fun! My grandma and I would walk to the butcher on Jamaica Avenue in Queens, order the bird, and buy all the fixings at the market.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|I think hope is the worst thing in the world. I really do. It makes a fool of you while it lasts. And then when it's gone, it's like there's nothing left of you at all . . . except what you can't be rid of.
Malcolm X|My alma mater was books, a good library.... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.
Abdullah  Ali, Flashover|Keep yourselves from idols." The warning isn't given to them because it wasn't a real danger or because there was an off chance someone might fall into idolatry. It was given because this is our root problem on any given day. It is what we, especially as followers of Jesus, must fight against.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|Although she'd never believe it, those lines in Gillian's face are the most beautiful part about her. They reveal what she's gone through and what she's survived and who exactly she is, deep inside.
Deontay Wilder|It is the strength of our culture that we can have Sonia Gandhi, who is Catholic, a Sikh prime minister, and a Muslim president.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Jesus does not impose intolerable restrictions on his disciples, he does not forbid them to look at anything, but bids them look on him. If they do that he knows that their gaze will always be pure, even when they look upon a woman.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|You can’t make a small world for yourself, because what are you going to do when that small world implodes?
Diane Arbus|A picture is a secret about a secret, the more it tells you the less you know.
Pamela Gibson, A Touch of Chardonnay|You're very different from the man I pictured you to be."I smirk at her, amused. What, so she didn't think I'd be a fucker with a drinking problem who is obviously very much into casual sex and reckless driving on a classic bike? I arch an eyebrow at her and run a hand along my square jaw. "I hope you find me sexier.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|You want to give him the book of his own life, the book that will locate him, parent him, arm him for the changes.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any misery, any depression, since after all you don't know what work these conditions are doing inside you? Why do you want to persecute yourself with the question of where all this is coming from and where it is going? Since you know, after all, that you are in the midst of transitions and you wished for nothing so much as to change. If there is anything unhealthy in your reactions, just bear in mind that sickness is the means by which an organism frees itself from what is alien; so one must simply help it to be sick, to have its whole sickness and to break out with it, since that is the way it gets better.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|I knew that a historian (or a journalist, or anyone telling a story) was forced to choose, out of an infinite number of facts, what to present, what to omit. And that decision inevitably would reflect, whether consciously or not, the interests of the historian.
Amanda Righetti|By giving the FDA adequate resources and authority to both prevent outbreaks and intervene once they appear, we can support the administration's efforts to reassure the parents of America that the food they feed their children is the product of the safest system in the world.
Kate DiCamillo|She might be a natural-born cynic, but she knew the right word when she heard it.
L. Frank Baum, The Marvelous Land of Oz|As they passed the rows of houses they saw through the open doors that men were sweeping and dusting and washing dishes, while the women sat around in groups, gossiping and laughing.What has happened?' the Scarecrow asked a sad-looking man with a bushy beard, who wore an apron and was wheeling a baby carriage along the sidewalk.Why, we've had a revolution, your Majesty -- as you ought to know very well,' replied the man; 'and since you went away the women have been running things to suit themselves. I'm glad you have decided to come back and restore order, for doing housework and minding the children is wearing out the strength of every man in the Emerald City.'Hm!' said the Scarecrow, thoughtfully. 'If it is such hard work as you say, how did the women manage it so easily?'I really do not know,' replied the man, with a deep sigh. 'Perhaps the women are made of cast-iron.
Alaric Longward, The Oath Breaker|That story you heard? About how we were all created by a super-powerful dude named God who lives up in the sky? Total bullshit. The whole God thing is actually an ancient fairy tale that people have been telling one another for thousands of years. We made it all up. Like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny.Oh, and by the way... there's no Santa Claus or Easter Bunny. Also bullshit. Sorry, kid. Deal with it.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. Vol 3|We are familiar with people who seek out solitude: penitents, failures, saints, or prophets. They retreat to deserts, preferably, where they live on locusts and honey. Others, however, live in caves or cells on remote islands; some-more spectacularly-squat in cages mounted high atop poles swaying in the breeze. They do this to be nearer God. Their solitude is a self-moritification by which they do penance. They act in the belief that they are living a life pleasing to God. Or they wait months, years, for their solitude to be broken by some divine message that they hope then speedily to broadcast among mankind.Grenouille's case was nothing of the sort. There was not the least notion of God in his head. He was not doing penance or wating for some supernatural inspiration. He had withdrawn solely for his own pleasure, only to be near to himself. No longer distracted by anything external, he basked in his own existence and found it splendid. He lay in his stony crypt like his own corpse, hardly breathing, his heart hardly beating-and yet lived as intensively and dissolutely as ever a rake lived in the wide world outside.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|Scattered trees, never thick enough to be a forest, were everywhere. Shasta, who had lived all his life in an almost tree-less grassland, had never seen so many or so many kinds. If you had been there you would probably have known (he didn't) that he was seeing oaks, beeches, silver birches, rowans, and sweet chestnuts. Rabbits scurried away in every direction as they advanced, and presently they saw a whole herd of fallow deer making off among the trees.
Chris Mentillo|The city had grown, implacably, spreading its concrete and alloy fingers wider every day over the dark and feral country. Nothing could stop it. Mountains were stamped flat. Rivers were dammed off or drained or put elsewhere. The marshes were filled. The animals shot from the trees and then the trees cut down. And the big gray machines moved forward, gobbling up the jungle with their iron teeth, chewing it clean of its life and all its living things.Until it was no more. Leveled, smoothed as a highway is smoothed, its centuries choked beneath millions and millions of tons of hardened stone. The birth of a city... It had become the death of a world.
Jared Leto|The more you know who you are and what you want, the less let things upset you
John Chaplin|There are 300 billion stars in the Milky Way Galaxy, and there are over 100 billion galaxies in the universe. In all of this vastness there is, and will ever be, only one of you. Who you are is the rarest and most unique thing in the universe - value yourself accordingly.
L.R. Knost, The Gentle Parent: Positive, Practical, Effective Discipline|Parenting has nothing to do with perfection. Perfection isn’t even the goal, not for us, not for our children. Learning together to live well in an imperfect world, loving each other despite or even because of our imperfections, and growing as humans while we grow our little humans, those are the goals of gentle parenting. So don’t ask yourself at the end of the day if you did everything right. Ask yourself what you learned and how well you loved, then grow from your answer. That is perfect parenting.
Lara Biyuts, Silver Thread Spinner|Have you ever asked yourself, where do Evil come from? No? But many ask the question, and I’ll tell you where there is Evil. Not in Darkness, as many believe, but in Garbling. Garbling turns Light into Darkness, and Darkness into Light. Either is precipitated by it into its non-existent universe. Garbling merges Chaos and Harmony -- not as their harmony -- but its own, garbled. Garbling rules here below.
Annie Dillard|Eskimo: "If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?" Priest: "No, not if you did not know." Eskimo: "Then why did you tell me?
Jason Isbell|To me, little Mike Wazowski is one of the best characters I ever got to play because he was funny. He was outrageous. He got angry. He was romantic. He was a full, well-rounded character.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|Pre-forty, you can wash your face with Tide and use Vaseline for moisturizer, toss on a little mascara and lip gloss, and you're a friggin' cover girl. Those of us on the slippery slope that is the Other Side of Forty can testify-- those days are so over. You pore over labels promising everything short of actual rebirth-- you will buy most of them for an average of $450 per quarter once-- and none of them will work. You will still be getting older and poorer with every passing purchase.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|The sperm donor that impregnated my mother (with me), passed away. Please, stop sending me private messages of condolences. I never met the man.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can be, be yourself.
Roshan Sharma|You can never reach to the truth if you don’t even look for it, and the bigger dilemma with the truth is, that you don’t have to go too far, but simply have to, turn your attention inward.
Hilda M. Ransome, The Sacred Bee in Ancient Times and Folklore|With Money we bought the House, with Love we made it our Home!
Alessandra Torre, The Dumont Diaries|Reading lives is the primary activity. Reading literature, although we engage in it more intentionally and more mindfully, is the secondary one. We are able to do the latter only insofar as we are already doing the former. As with narrative in general, then, reading our lives is not merely a metaphor for how we make sense of our lives. It is how we make sense of our lives.
Herman Melville, Billy Budd, Sailor|In the middle of a wrist's suicide slash-line, below the layered skin and above the pulse, there's an acupuncture point that says, Get back to who you were meant to be. This is the heart spot, the center. Your whole life the skin on that place will stay closest to being a baby's skin, as close as you can get anymore to the way you started, the way you once thought you'd always be.
Julia Gillard|Education is the key to the future: You've heard it a million times, and it's not wrong. Educated people have higher wages and lower unemployment rates, and better-educated countries grow faster and innovate more than other countries. But going to college is not enough. You also have to study the right subjects.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Know what you want to accomplish in life, identify your purpose, and align it with your passion.
Gary F. Patton|A Jesus Follower can explain our "One God in Three Persons" is like an "equilateral triangle". Both have three, conjoined, and distinct but identical parts. This is a simple way to help non-Followers of Jesus who struggle with the concept of Trinity to better understand the Three Personalities of our One Living God...God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit." ~ gfp '42©
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|In the days when hyenas of hate suckle the babes of men, and jackals of hypocrisy pimp their mothers’ broken hearts, may children not look to demons of ignorance for hope.
Danny Castillones Sillada|The graveyard is not the final resting place of our dear departed but an ephemeral repository of their remains. The real graveyard, however, is somewhere deep in our heart, where we can always visit them at any time of the day, talk about some unforgettable summers, or cry in solitude as if they were always there for us to stay. And should our twilight come, when we can no longer see the light of the day, some people dear to us will build a graveyard in their hearts. They will let us stay for a while or perhaps longer, as long as they continue to remember, but it does not matter anymore. What is comforting to know, no matter how tragic or tranquil our death may be, somewhere somehow someone will always build a sublime place for us to stay. (Danny Castillones Sillada, The Graveyard In Our Heart)
Candice Favilla|Sex is a metaphor for everything else and everything is a metaphor for sex as well. Because sex is a coming together of two weather patterns, two separate countries, two entities in a conscious state of potentially blissful crisis. Or chaos, or harmony. You’re not quite sure what’s going to happen, but it is the most catastrophic, exciting, and weakening thing that can happen to us. If we are personally involved in it, every fiber of our being is made self-conscious, or is encourages to unify on some level with others. We are delicate. We bring our damage to sexuality, we bring our hopes, we bring our self-image, we bring our world-image, we bring what we believe we are/what we believe we aren’t, our blind spots, our prejudices, our sadness. Everything comes out. A lot of people are left wanting, and confusing, and having the idea that their body is like an unloved apartment building; it’s up for grabs and it’s of absolutely no worth. If we feel that way about ourselves and if we feel that way about others, then of course, sex is nothing more than a lot of rubbing and some kind of release. But the more we are, the more we can feel, the more we can empathize, the more human we are.
Joan Rivers|A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|Clown: Good Madonna, why mournest thou?Olivia: Good Fool, for my brother's death.Clown:I think his soul is in hell, Madonna.Olivia:I know his soul is in heaven, Fool.Clown: The more fool, Madonna, to mourn for your brother's soul being in heaven.
Alice Cooper|The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferraris, blondes and switchblades.
Steve Watkins, What Comes After|Everybody loves comfort, but that is an illusion my friends.
R.M. Donaldson|With so many book projects filling mind and heart, it feels similar to pregnancy. Your own books are like your children—you have to give birth to them, raise them, and do your best to make sure they live happily. You know, you just HAVE TO put into writing all of those thoughts, words and ideas appearing and growing in your head. Otherwise, life will make no sense without it.
Will Cuppy, The Decline and Fall of Practically Everybody: Great Figures of History Hilariously Humbled|He had also learned that there is no use murdering people; there are always so many left, and if you tried to murder them all you would never get anything else done.
Gail Carson Levine, Writing Magic: Creating Stories that Fly|I didn't feel sad or happy. I didn't feel proud or ashamed. I only felt that in spite of all the things I'd done wrong, in getting myself here, I'd done right.
Margaret Atwood|In the Bible, God offered the Pharaoh freedom if he would just let the oppressed people free to go to the land of milk and honey. But the Pharaoh disobeyed, and he was destroyed.
Sam Shepard|The Patriot Act unleashed the FBI to search your email, travel and credit records without even a suspicion of wrongdoing.
Elyn R. Saks|Dissociative Disorders have a high rate of responsiveness to therapy and that with proper treatment, their prognosis is quite good.
Alin Sav|Yes it´s true, God is good, but not everything that seems to be good comes automatically from God.
Todd Stocker|People are still saying gr isn't as much fun as it used to be? They've never ADD'd Quotes, clearly!
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|The world's flattery and hypocrisy is a sweet morsel:eat less of it, for it is full of fire.Its fire is hidden while its taste is manifest,but its smoke becomes visible in the end. 
Alfred Hitchcock|Don't show emotion." Kurt Löwe gave his son a rough shake, "Don't you ever show emotion. Tears are weakness. And I won't have any son of mine being weak. You're going to stand here until you top crying.
Alanis Morissette|If you believe, you believe; if you're faithful, you're faithful. I don't care what your religion is. The same if you're agnostic. That should be accepted, too.
Paula Deen|Politics is not predictions and politics is not observations. Politics is what we do. Politics is what we do, politics is what we create, by what we work for, by what we hope for and what we dare to imagine.
Ron Baratono|With God’s help in the grasp of addiction you’ll find the truth. When we understand this and its purity, then true healing can begin.
Guillermo del Toro, Trollhunters|They say a basis in fact underlies most legends. They say it all the time, all those Wise Elders in all those old horror films, the high priests, the scientists, the gypsy fortune tellers. On this single issue they agree unanimously.
Danabelle Gutierrez, I Long To Be The River|Winning a love is just an outcome, keeping a love is a true accomplishment.
Anna Godbersen, Rumors|If a man happen to take it into his head to assassinate with his own hands, or with the sword of justice, those whom he calls heretics, that is, people who think, or perhaps only speak, differently upon a subject which neither party understands, he will be as much inclined to do this at one time as at another. Fanaticism never sleeps: it is never glutted: it is never stopped by philanthropy; for it makes a merit of trampling on philanthropy: it is never stopped by conscience; for it has pressed conscience into its service. Avarice, lust, and vengeance, have piety, benevolence, honour; fanaticism has nothing to oppose it.
Jesse Ventura|As soon as any man says of the affairs of the State "What does it matter to me?" the State may be given up for lost.
O. Henry|How am I, a writer, supposed to feel about having lost you to a reader?
Adalbert Stifter, Indian Summer|Still, despite all our noise, this universe hinges on a melody, that’s the dismal truth of it. Oh, we can propagandize all we wish, it doesn’t change the fabric of things. This universe was not made for the fallen, only the redeemed.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Your journey has molded you for your greater good, and it was exactly what it needed to be. Don't think you've lost time. There is no short-cutting to life. It took each and every situation you have encountered to bring you to the now. And now is right on time.
Ronda Rousey|Fighting is not a man thing, it's a human thing.
Judy Liautaud, Sunlight on My Shadow: A Birth Mother's Journey From Secrecy to Renewal|The lesson is letting go, giving up and giving thanks for what is. Life unfolds in mysterious and beautiful ways; I have very little say in this process.
Jeannette A. Bakke, Holy Invitations: Exploring Spiritual Direction|He had entered the rough world of men, where a man's acts follow him wherever he goes in the form of story.
Thomas F. Shubnell|You will never be who you want to be, until you are happy with who you are.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My spirit is joyful, and I love my higher self. I am my higher self.
Wayne Jacobsen and Dave Coleman|No institutional arrangement will ever contain all that they church is. Don't look for it institutionally; look for it relationally. Certainly the New Testament talks about the priorities of that church -- Jesus as its sole head and focus, daily encouragement among believers, plural and lateral leadership, open participation, and an environment of freedom so people can grow in him.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Lake water, even when boiled, has an effect on my digestive system similar to the movement of a hangman’s trapdoor.
Tim Berners-Lee|The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
Supreme Court of Wisconsin|Of all the wicked heresies and threatening movements facing the church in our day, when Westminster Seminary finally organized their faculty to write something in unison, they gave their determined political efforts not to fight socialism, not to fight homosexuality, not abortion, not crime and mayhem in our society, not subjectivism in theology, not dispensationalism, not cultural relativism, not licentiousness, not defection from the New Testament, not defection from the Westminster Confession of Faith, all of which are out there and they can give their legitimate efforts to… boy the thing they had to write about was theonomy! How many times can a man turn his head and pretend that he doesn’t see the problem?
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|It's very helpful to realize that being here, sitting in meditation, doing simple everyday things like working, walking outside, talking with people, bathing, using the toilet, and eating, is actually all that we need to be fully awake, fully alive, fully human.
Tracy Morgan|Comrades, this man has a nice smile, but he's got iron teeth.
Henry David Thoreau|Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Anthony Marais|Well-developed characters will ruin your writing plans every time. You may think you know where you're going with a story, but they have other ideas.
Natsuhiko Kyogoku|The first time Enokizu met me, the first words he said were: "You look like an ape."When someone is that outrageously rude, it's hard to be angry.
Chris Colfer, Stranger Than Fanfiction|It's a tough world to find yourself in, but an even tougher one to be yourself in
Chomsky Noam|The United States is extremely lucky that no honest, charismatic figure has arisen. Every charismatic figure is such an obvious crook that he destroys himself, like McCarthy or Nixon or the evangelist preachers. If somebody comes along who is charismatic and honest this country is in real trouble because of the frustration, disillusionment, the justified anger and the absence of any coherent response. [Chomsky in an interview with Chris Hedges in 2010]
Brock Osweiler|Trust your instincts: they tend to see you right. By listening to them, at least you can sleep at night.
Mark Manson, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life|Improvement at anything is based on thousands of tiny failures, and the magnitude of your success is based on how many times you’ve failed at something. If someone is better than you at something, then it’s likely because she has failed at it more than you have. If someone is worse than you, it’s likely because he hasn’t been through all of the painful learning experiences you have.
Fiona Apple|Most companies that go through layoffs are never the same. They don't recover because trust is broken. And if you're not honest at the point where you're breaking trust anyway, you will never recover.
Edmund Hillary|The methodologies of examining hip hop are borrowed from sociology, politics, religion, economics, urban studies, journalism, communications theory, American studies, transatlantic studies, black studies, history, musicology, comparative literature, English, linguistics, and other disciplines.
Petra Hermans|I do not have to hear your most favourite music.I hear your sweet silent music all the time.Petra Cecilia Maria HermansSeptember 10, 2016Amen
Johnny Mathis|You hear horror stories about scary mothers who just want their kids to be famous. I could be waitressing in a restaurant, and my mum would be happy as long as I was happy.
Miranda July, The First Bad Man|Was I like honey thinking it's a small bear, not realizing the bear is just the shape of its bottle? -Cheryl
Groucho Marx|A year ago I came here without a nickle in my pocket, now, I've got a nickle in my pocket.
Jonathan Carroll|I'm sorry about what happened,' Love said. Death squeezed his hand. 'Play as yourself. Not as me. Trust me one that.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|She was a keen observer, a precise user of language, sharp-tongued and funny. She could stir your emotions. Yes, really, that's what she was so good at - stirring people's emotions, moving you. And she knew she had this power...I only realized later. At the time, I had no idea what she was doing to me.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is a fresh flower; when it's freshness and beauty touches heart,it will last forever.
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|Fervent Christians are always remembering themselves as - and thus, by extension, judging everyone else outside their sect to be - lost and hopeless and just barely clinging to any kind of interior sense of value or reason or even to go on living, before they were 'saved.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|You didn’t tell Summer about it, did you?”“What?” Gage scoffs. “Yeah, telling your girlfriend the Angel of Death might visit her if some switch is flipped is normal pillow talk.
Edward Robert Bulwer-Lytton|The Warrior Diet is the only diet today that challenges all common dietary concepts and offers a real alternative—guidelines that are not based on superficial restrictions, but rather on true principles of human nutrition.
Sandy DeLuca, Manhattan Grimoire|I don't know where we are, but we'll soon find our way home!" Le avventure di Pinocchio
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|Her characters tend to err when they reject the grubby and complex circumstances of everyday life for abstract and radical notions. They thrive when they work within the rooted spot, the concrete habit, the particular reality of their town and family.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|I should have asked why any room in the house was better than home to me when she entered it, and barren as a desert when she went out again—why I always noticed and remembered the little changes in her dress that I had noticed and remembered in no other woman’s before—why I saw her, heard her, and touched her (when we shook hands at night and morning) as I had never seen, heard, and touched any other woman in my life?
Debasish Mridha|Any conscious or unconscious thought, love, or actions will bring more energy in your life.
Lexi Cubbins|I've tired so hard to stay away from you, buy your soul is so powerful. It can't be ignored. It calls to me. It's like trying to resist every lust you've ever suffered - all at once. I feel that every time I see you.
Hermann Hesse|When someone is searching." said Siddhartha, "then it might easily happen that the only thing his eyes still see is what he searches for, that he is unable to find anything, to let anything enter his mind, because he always thinks of nothing but the object of his search, because he has a goal, because he is obsessed by the goal. Searching means: having a goal. But finding means: being free, being open, having no goal. You, oh venerable one, are perhaps indeed a searcher,because, striving for your goal, there are many things you don't see, which are directly in front of your eyes.
Rudyard Kipling|At two o'clock in the morning, if you open your window and listen,You will hear the feet of the Wind that is going to call the sun.And the trees in the Shadow rustle and the trees in the moonlight glisten,And though it is deep, dark night, you feel that the night is done.
Virginia Postrel|We've gone from a world in which Starbucks set a cutting-edge standard for mass-market design to a world in which Starbucks establishes the bare minimum. If your establishment can't come up with an original look, customers expect at least some sleek wood fixtures, nicely upholstered chairs, and faux-Murano glass pendant lights.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|Black women were armed, black women were dangerous and the less money they had the deadlier the weapon they chose.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Live the questions now. Perhaps then, someday far in the future, you will gradually, without even noticing it, live your way into the answer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you examine the Bible daily, you find the beauty of being.
Peter Ojo Opatewa|The more permanent the outcome of a decision seems, the more thorough and painstaking our decision process should be.
Mark Beauregard, The Whale: A Love Story|I'm sorry I left without telling you," she says. "I wasn't ready. I wanted it so much, and I wasn't ready for that.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Confessions|The sword wears out its sheath, as it is sometimes said. That is my story. My passions have made me live, and my passions have killed me. What passions, it may be asked. Trifles, the most childish things in the world. Yet they affected me as much as if the possessions of Helen, or the throne of the Universe, had been at stake.
Frank Wanderer|It is to be recognized that the negative emotions and the guilt that comes with it is not a part of the Consciousness, it only belongs to the mind!
Michael Bassey Johnson|People live in fear of bad being out to get them, when in reality, the bad side is there only to be in polar opposite proportion to the positive that you are destined to thrive in. Conquer the negative, and thrive in the positive.
Mike Judge|But the nightmare was a strange comfort to me; in it, I found a sense of escape, and were it possible to go live in that nightmare, I would have, bizzare though that may sound.
Chris Squire|I know we can't always know what medical surprises may happen during childbirth. But my hope is to go fully natural - no epidural, no interventions. Wish me luck.
Werner Herzog|Academia is the death of cinema. It is the very opposite of passion. Film is not the art of scholars, but of illiterates.
Cole Alpaugh, The Spy's Little Zonbi|Shit, man, if you see a dog scratching at the dirt trying to dig something up, walk away real fast,” he said, then pulled a little square of paper from his pocket and swallowed whatever was folded inside.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|When I am alone and my skull is ripsaw I want to jump into the womb of any bonfire, I want to leap into the ceiling fan head first, but I need that fan this coming summer.
Elon Musk|I'm fascinated by the idea that genetics is digital. A gene is a long sequence of coded letters, like computer information. Modern biology is becoming very much a branch of information technology.
Brock Lesnar|We need to have complete certainty that things will work out, not because we are righteous or wise, but because of the time, the effort, the prayers, and the tools we are using. From the moment we are given awareness about some bigger picture or mission, we have to have complete focus on what to do to get to that place.
