Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Get over your aggression, as Trees are also part of nature, when you don't cut their branches, people start cutting the whole trees.
Robert M. Pirsig|The application of this knife, the division of the world into parts and the building of this structure, is something everybody does. All the time we are aware of millions of things around us - these changing shapes, these burning hills, the sound of the engine, the feel of the throttle, each rock and weed and fence post and piece of debris beside the road - aware of these things but not really conscious of them unless there is something unusual or unless they reflect something we are predisposed to see. We could not possibly be conscious of these things and remember all of them because our mind would be so full of useless details we would be unable to think. From all this awareness we must select, and what we select and calls consciousness is never the same as the awareness because the process of selection mutates it. We take a handful of sand from the endless landscape of awareness around us and call that handful of sand the world." -Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
Eugenio III R. Letada|...But I've felt your grief, your loss. And though your species is capable of horrors, it's capable of beauty, too. To end it now would be no better than taking your dreams away; to bring death robs your species of the chance to heal.
Deborah Brodie|Count the cost of everything.Rather than asking someone, "How much does this cost?" Ask yourself, "What is my value?
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|You have a hierarchy of values; pleasure is at the bottom of the ladder, and you speak with a little thrill of self-satisfaction, of duty, charity, and truthfulness. You think pleasure is only of the senses; the wretched slaves who manufactured your morality despised a satisfaction which they had small means of enjoying. You would not be so frightened if I had spoken of happiness instead of pleasure: it sounds less shocking, and your mind wonders from the sty of Epicurus to his garden. But I will speak of pleasure, for I see that men aim at that, and I do not know that they aim at happiness. It is pleasure that lurks in the practice of every one of your virtues. Man performs actions because they are good for him, and when they are good for other people as well they are thought virtuous: if he finds pleasure in giving alms he is charitable; if he finds pleasure in helping others he is benevolent; if he finds pleasure in working for society he is public-spirited; but it is for your private pleasure that you give twopence to a beggar as much as it is for my private pleasure that I drink another whiskey and soda. I, less of a humbug than you, neither applaud myself for my pleasure nor demand your admiration.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Perhaps the great renewal of the world will consist of this, that man and woman, freed of all confused feelings and desires, shall no longer seek each other as opposites, but simply as members of a family and neighbors, and will unite as human beings, in order to simply, earnestly, patiently, and jointly bear the heavy responsibility of sexuality that has been entrusted to them.
Galileo Galilei|You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.
John Cena|Climate change does not respect border; it does not respect who you are - rich and poor, small and big. Therefore, this is what we call 'global challenges,' which require global solidarity.
Andy Cohen|Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does.
Joseph E. Stiglitz, The Great Divide: Unequal Societies and What We Can Do About Them|Due to its inherently limited supply for each location, land obtains its value from the natural, social, and cultural wealth that exists in its surrounding environment.
Johni Pangalila|For months in the fall of 2001, our highways looked like a county fair on wheels. "Look out, Al-Qaeda---patriot on board!" I once saw a guy with five flags tell a guy with four flags to go back to Afghanistan.
Jeff Wheeler|Everything is energy. You are an energy magnet, so you electrically energize everything to you and electrically energize yourself to everything you want
Hope Bradford, Oracle of Compassion: The Living Word of Kuan Yin|Don’t pass along the beliefs and actions you disapprove of to your children. Loving-kindness is potent even when displayed during the so-called mundane tasks of daily existence. It’s so potent that if everyone could get into that mindset for a minute or even less, they would blast into a great ball of light. Even the newest (smallest) energies would blast through,”-Kuan Yin (from "Oracle of Compassion: the Living Word of Kuan Yin")
H.P. Lovecraft|An isolated person requires correspondence as a means of seeing his ideas as others see them, and thus guarding against the dogmatisms and extravagances of solitary and uncorrected speculation. No man can learn to reason and appraise from a mere perusal of the writing of others. If he live not in the world, where he can observe the public at first hand and be directed toward solid reality by the force of conversation and spoken debate, then he must sharpen his discrimination and regulate his perceptive balance by an equivalent exchange of ideas in epistolary form.
Bill Gates|My dad never graduated high school. He was a printing salesman. We lived in a two-bedroom, one-bath house in St. Louis Park, Minnesota. We weren't rich - but we felt secure.
Luella Christie, Nana Joop|Correct the blunders on your face made through self-delusion – this would be far more fitting than to want to teach me, which is just as if a sow trying to teach Minerva.
Corazon Aquino|I haven't lived a perfect life. I have regrets. But that's from a lifetime of taking chances, making decisions, and trying not to be frozen. The only thing that I can do with my regrets is understand them.
Jennifer Lane|Roger said, 'I don't know about having a shrink around all the time. Are you analyzing me right now?'Sophie rolled her eyes. 'How original. No, I'm not analyzing you. It'd take a whole team of shrinks to figure out your crazy ass, and I simply don't have the time or energy.
Paul Russell, The Salt Point|Chris is a little ashamed of having once fallen for him: it makes him sad how everything changes, how ruthless the heart can be.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|night has enveloped, to give me some reliefnow invisible are walls of separation, and thy griefwhere blood quenches the thirstdisloyalty is faith last and firstis the religion my beloved belongs toI beckoned, red and black robed lady with a wandlet me take her by the handheard of her about sorceryher powers useless, and witch now about to succumbfrom just a gaze of eyes filled with Kohl of Leilamy nights worthless, body breathlessevery moment, feeling restlessbe silent and hear, hear me, my criesdon't forget the promise you sworeI have lost my childhood over youdon't know, how these years left me alonesufferings, separation, theft me aloneI never knew how pain excrutiatessometimes, i enlivened you my dearLove is a blessing, and not a fearin a melancholy cloudy day, I mournglistening eyes, weeping sky, and heart tornI gaze from a window in KashmirFor a moment, condoling the tragedy, sighingIn sombre time, lifeless, as if dying
Unarine Ramaru|Respect is not an obligation nor a favour, it takes a bigger person to give or show some whether it is returned or not.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Thoughts are such fleet magic things. Betsy's thoughts swept a wide arc while Uncle Keith read her poem aloud. She thought of Julia learning to sing with Mrs. Poppy. She thought of Tib learning to dance. She thought of herself and Tacy and Tib going into their 'teens. She even thought of Tom and Herbert and of how, by and by, they would be carrying her books and Tacy's and Tib's up the hill from high school.
Tom G. Palmer|I wanted to go to medical school. But, I never got a college scholarship.
Kgosietsile Martin Timothy|He might be a genius, but that did not make him a leader
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you understand that a wasted time is a wasted life, you will start running away from television, you will begin to run away from movies, you will run away from games like criminal case and candy crush.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I have no nostalgia for the patriarchy, please believe me. But what I have come to realize is that, when that patriarchic system was (rightfully) dismantled, it was not necessarily replaced by another form of protection. What I mean is--I never thought to ask a suitor the same challenging questions my father might have asked him, in a different age.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|To stay alive, you have to keep moving. Running, relocating, driving, doing everything in your power to stay in motion and make it to safety.
Hilary Thompson, Justice Buried|It was like adults had their own little world that we weren't allowed to be a part of, and it didn't make sense because we were part of the world, too.
Rachael Wade, The Gates|Gavin, I never thought you’d be the irrational one in this relationship, but I’m happy to report that you’ve just thoroughly shocked me.”	He rolled to his side to lean on his arm, keeping my hand resting on his chest, buried underneath his shirt. “I know. My timing is impeccable.” He smirked, letting his hungry gaze drift over my body. “But I’m sorry, love. I cannot take seeing you all tucked up in this sexy corset anymore. The ties are so tight, they’re just begging me to undo them.” His fingers trailed over the top of my chest and down over the corset’s binding, tugging at the edges of the lace as he went. “Forcefully,” he winked.
John Caudwell|Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|If they really wanted us to resist temptation, they shouldn't a made it so damn tempting.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|I'm ending this.''No. Come on. It's not worth it.''You are,' he said fiercely, looking at her.'You're worth it.
Debasish Mridha|Every flower is a love of a dancing sun, ready to kindle your heart.
Avina Celeste|That kind of inability to improve is really very rare. That kind of consistency is miraculous, in a way.
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun|The Murchisons are honest-to-God-real-foe-rich colored people, and the only people in the world who are more snobbish than rich white people are rich colored people. I though everybody knew that.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|He looked around at the perfectly white world, felt the wet kisses of the snowflakes, pondered hidden meanings in the pale yellow streetlights that shone in a world so whitely asleep. "Beautiful," he whispered.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I'm choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am. I'm making space for the unknown future to fill up my life with yet-to-come surprises.
Joseph Delaney, Night of the Soul Stealer|It is said that scattered through Despair's domain are a multitude of tiny windows, hanging in the void. Each window looks out onto a different scene, being, in our world, a mirror. Sometimes you will look into a mirror and feel the eyes of Despair upon you, feel her hook catch and snag on your heart. Despair says little, and is patient.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Imagination and recollection of cherished memories of the pastimes are closely related. We do not recall memories verbatim. As our perspective changes regarding our place in the world, we shift through our recollections and revise our memories. People possess the ability to edit their memories by repressing unbearable episodes and highlighting incidences that generate fond memories. How we perceive and comprehend ourselves in the past, the present, and the future shapes our evolving sense of self. Humankind’s ability to repress unpleasant events and humankind’s ability to act as the solo editors of our germinating awareness of the world that we occupy is ultimately responsible for activating our metamorphosing sense of identity.
A.J. Dalton, Necromancer's Gambit|Why were there no words that spoke positively about being concerned about the self? Why was there only negative connotation in terms like "selfish", "self-interested", "self-centred", "self-obsessed" and so on? Why was it so much better to be without a self: "selfless", "self-sacrificing", "self-effacing", etc?
Israelmore Ayivor|The concept of leadership is abused by people who think a person becomes a leader when he grows grey hair, put into a position and expected to function. Everyone has a leadership potential carried within in a specific area of his or purpose. Leadership is universal and built on trust.
Saji Ijiyemi|A boss in essence is every woman willing to try, push, succeed, fail but ultimately do the work in her lifescape to make her mark on the world the way she wants to draw it.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|When it was over, she gathered him in her arms. And told him the terrible irony of her life.That she had wanted to be dead all those years while her brother had been alive. That had been her sin.And this was her penance.Wanting to live when everyone else seemed dead.
Charbel Tadros|Only when you are in trouble do you realize who your true friends are… And, my dear, you will be surprised!
George Payne Rainsford James, Reign of Terror|Scott could feel the contents of his stomach flip over and over on themselves. He turned to the side and retched, frothy yellow bile spilled out onto the newspaper covered floor, filling the room with the putrid stench of previously ingested alcohol.'Look's like someone can't hold their drink,' McBlane said, and Dominic and Shugg laughed.Scott was still staring at the steam rising from his evacuated stomach contents as he heard the hammer fall. The dull crack of bone splintering under its weight.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|A strongly accentuated zoophilism, such as an inordinate love of horses or dogs, throws the emotional nature out of balance; and those who are possessed by it are not likely to care very much for people.
Nnedi Okorafor, Akata Witch|There will be danger; some of you may not live to complete your lessons. It's a risk you take. This world is bigger than you and it will go on, regardless.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Time will come and some people will be proud of themselves that they have never believed in any religion! This honour will be belonging to the clever people of the society only! For the others, merely the deep shame will remain!
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|Laughter is a good way to hide pain"- Leo Valdez
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Advances in technology can be empowering, progressive and enriching. History has shown this across civilisations and societies. But it has also shown, and the present and future will continue to show, that it is foolish, risky, flawed and folly without us raising our individual and collective consciousness and mindfulness to accompany it - to ensure we use it shrewdly, kindly and wisely.
Sady Doyle, Trainwreck: The Women We Love to Hate, Mock, and Fear... and Why|I doubt it's a strictly factual account, but these attitudes are deeply imbedded.Which means that our only hope of changing them, of ending the wrecks, lies not in stopping or even changing the Internet -- even with the best blocking functions, report-abuse functions, real-name transparency protocols, and twenty-four-hour moderation in the world, hate (to quite Jurassic Park) finds a way -- but in changing ourselves, and our definitions of womanhood. We have to stop believing that when a woman does something we don't like, we are qualified and entitled to punish her, violate her, or ruin her life. We have to change our ideas of what a "good" woman, or a "likable" woman, or simply a "woman who can leave her house without fearing for her life because she is a woman," can be.
Stephen Richards|Though Charles II both craved and enjoyed female companionship till the end of his life, there is no question that by the cold, rainy autumn of 1682 his physical appetites had diminshed considerably. The Duchess of Portsmouth was, after all, more than twenty years his junior; and there comes a time in nearly every such relationship when the male partner is simply unable to fully accommodate the female partner. Or as Samuel Pepys tartly noted in his diary, "the king yawns much in council, it is thought he spends himself overmuch in the arms of Madame Louise, who far from being wearied, seems fresher than ever after sporting with the king.
John Millington Synge|A translation is no translation,’ he said, ‘unless it will give you the music of a poem along with the words of it.
Catherine Fisher, Darkhenge|:Paintings are easy to see," he said after a moment. "Open, presented flat to the eye. Words are not easy. Words have to be discovered, deep in their pages, deciphered, translated, read. Words are symbols to be encoded, their letters trees in a forest, enmeshed, their tangled meanings never finally picked apart.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|The more you cry today, the more stronger and happier you'll be tomorrow.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|Every key belongs to a lock, and every lock contains a secret. My mind churns for the truth that you hold. Why are you here? I never desired this for you, yet I am curious to know. Is this idle gaud the answer I seek, or is it merely the old memory of a dream I thought I once lived?
Robert C. Frost, Aglow With The Spirit|And believers were the more added to the Lord, multitudes both of men and women (Acts 5:14)- So not only was there Holy Ghost boldness and Holy Ghost power and Holy Ghost conviction, but also Holy Ghost conversions.
J.D. Robb, Portrait in Death|Marriage isn't for the weak or lazy. It's work, and it should be. What would be the point otherwise?
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Trying their wings once more in hopeless flight: Blind moths against the wires of window screens. Anything. Anything for a fix of light.  X. J. Kennedy, "Street Moths," The Lords of Misrule
T.A. Cline|The heart is the anchor to all things, be it love to hate, or light to dark.
Saaif Alam|Don't always think about being a subordinate, otherwise you would lose your self esteem and not succeed in society.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Chester nods all the way through this, but does not rudely interrupt Randy as a younger nerd would. Your younger nerd takes offense quickly when someone near him begins to utter declarative sentences, because he reads into it an ssertion that he, the nerd, does not already know the information being imparted. But your older nerd has more self-confidence, and besides, understands that frequently people need to think out loud. And highly advanced nerds will furthermore understand that uttering declarative sentences whose contents are already known to all present is part of the social process of making conversation and therefore should not be construed as aggression under any circumstances.
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|You win over people just like you win over a dog. You see a dog passing down the street with an old bone in his mouth. You don't grab the bone from him and tell him it's not good for him. He'll growl at you. It's the only thing he has. But you throw a big fat lamb chop in front of him, and he's going to drop that bone and pick up the lamb chop, his tail wagging to beat the band. And you've got a friend. Instead of going around grabbing bones from people... I'm going to throw them some lamb chops. Something with real meat and life in it. I'm going to tell them about New Beginnings.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|No one can claim they are mature until they experience the hallucinogenic ramifications of being in love, and undertaken an urgent personal assessment and soul-searching discernment that is mandated after experiencing the bitterness of losing in the love game.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Two men. I had just killed two men. A killing machine, I hadn't even hesitated. Fear and rage settled deep in my chest, forming a layer of ice around my heart.
Toni Morrison, God Help the Child|Religion to me was only something to be used and abused, as it had done nothing for me other than give me pain. Religion for me was a method used to gain an extra bottle of wine or a nice meal.
Sabine Shah|We all write stories in our minds, but only few have the courage to put them on paper.
|Be grown enough to do whatever you want to, but wise enough to always do the right thing.
St. Jerome|Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Cameron Sinclair|I originally wanted to embrace the imagery and forthrightness of rap music. There are some interesting, dynamic voices in rap. But I find most of it irresponsible in its overt violence and commercialization of anger. As artists, we believe we can will action through language. If that's the case, we have to take responsibility for what we say.
Sunday Adelaja|When we are telling people to depend on favor rather than qualification, we are actually preparing a ground for our country to collapse.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|These woods are as empty as you think, he had said. You cannot know what the light might summon from the darkness.
James Prescott Joule, The Scientific Papers of James Prescott Joule - Volume 1|God may not give that instant dollar bill your seeking, but it's in the little change He brings, that will add to a dollar.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Some say "fear even helps like; The flight or over love reaction but to me it is your loving heart to prove to prove it worthy.
Nikita Dudani|If you want to be respected, do something respectful!
Richard F. Lovelace, Dynamics of Spiritual Life|I had a lot of Hell that God needed to squeeze out of me, and believe me, sometimes when the Hell leaves you it screams at God on the way out. And when the pain from your past leaves you, sometimes you have to feel it again on the way out. There's nothing we can say or do that can separate us from God's love.
Kameron Hurley, The Stars Are Legion|(Of the main character seeing a new world for the first time.) The air was cold but not bitterly so, and it seemed a bit rough at the back of his throat. He gazed about him, and the very intensity of his desire to take in the new world at a glance defeated itself. He saw nothing but colours - colours that refused to form themselves into things. Moreover, he knew nothing yet well enough to see it: you cannot see things till you know roughly what they are. His first impression was of a bright, pale world - a watercolour world out of a child's paint-box, a moment later he recognised the flat belt of light blue as a sheet of water, or of something like water, which came nearly to his feet. They were on the shore of a lake or river.
Meg Howrey, The Cranes Dance|Chris was in the rocker, fully clothed, and was strumming idly onCory's guitar. "Dance, ballerina, dance," he softly chanted, and hissinging voice wasn't bad at all. Maybe we could work as musicians---atrio -if Carrie ever recovered enough to want a voice again.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Whether or not, he felt very much at home in this state. It was to places like this that they had sent him all over the world in defense of New York, until he had come almost to believe that the concrete caverns and towers he seemed dimly to remember, the pale people themselves, were no more than childhood fantasies he had dreamed for himself. He had felt little urge to try to find them again. Hopefully he had followed the Cat out to the new coast, only to find there the same grotesque imaginary cities already erected and fanatically maintained by old children. It was his loss alone that he could not play at their game with them, but he could not. He had been born in New York, taught the rules in New York and New England, yet it seemed to him that he had been holding his breath until he reached Arivada, New Africa. Here the dream cities, no matter whether adobe or gold, had long ago been abandoned, thus had collapsed, and all that remained was the earth. It spread around him as drab and coarse as an old army blanket, inviting only those weary with fighting or dying, overlooked by the children. If still in one piece the whole world would look like this in old age - Arivada was ready, but could Manhattan support mesquite?
Mabel Katz, The Easiest Way to Grow (Book+CD) - El Camino Mas Facil Para Crecer|Do you need me?” she said. She could scout as well as Roar and Brooke, who had already disappeared into the darkness. Perry looked up. His hair was tied back with a leather strip, but a piece fell forward, a blond wave coming to rest at his eyebrow. “You want the truth?” Aria braced herself for a comment about her arm. “Always.” “That’s my answer.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Approachability is a crucial way of being that empowers you with an extraordinary edge to make a great first impression, invite interaction, build rapport, and win friends.
John Fowles, The Collector|We're this big melting pot, but someone turned up the heat too high, and the stew started to burn. Gangs, crime, fights, and fear are now a regular part of our local stew.
Alfonso Cuaron|I think movies are a director's medium in the end. Theater is the actor's medium. Theater is fast, and enjoyable, and truly rewarding. I believe in great live performance.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Local differences in the prices of commodities whose natures are technologically identical are to be explained on the one hand by differences in the cost of preparing them for consumption (expenses of transport, cost of retailing etc.) and on the other hand by the physical and legal obstacles that restrict the mobility of commodities and human beings.
Alin Sav|Mediocracy is not an option, it´s a temptation.
Oscar Wilde|What I would like to say to you in conclusion is this: romance is the dessert. If you are hungry, you need to be working on the main meal - yourself. That means learning how to fulfill yourself first, and once you have achieved that, then you will be ready for dessert!" - Raeleen
Xavi|In fact, I'd just like to own something. Everyone thinks I'm glamorous, rich and famous but all I've got is some recording equipment and a battered old BMW.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|There is no denying it, our past stinks and seeps into our present. Occasionally I get such a potent whiff of history that my mind spins and my stomach lurches.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Say, you teach a five year old child a few verses from the Bible. And after memorizing them, he will become a part scholar in Christian theology. But that won’t make him realize what Jesus actually meant when he said 'love thy neighbor'.
Drew Magary, The Postmortal|When all else fails, use the pen.EMW
Chris Hedges|The rush of battle is often a potent and lethal addiction, for war is a drug.
Debasish Mridha|When you feel that you are loved, you feel the happiness.
Scott Cowdell, René Girard and Secular Modernity: Christ, Culture, and Crisis|I believe, given enough time, all of engineering will move to paradigms based on the biological cell.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|Eat beautiful foods, which are nutritionally dense, wholesome and natural.
Patricia Ireland|Considering all the legal hassle child stars can be, I won't be surprised when they are phased out by CGI children voiced by adult actors.
Pierce the Veil|I was nothing but a failure. A fucked-up, broken shame.I was nothing but this emptiness. A shell ruined by fame.Don’t be afraid to shatter, baby, if that will set you free.I’ll find you in the pieces and that will unbreak me.
Erwin Raphael McManus, The Artisan Soul: Crafting Your Life into a Work of Art|Most of us are still in some small way victims of the Industrial Revolution. Whether through our grandparents, our parents, or our own experience, we were raised to believe that our place in life required compliance and conformity rather than creativity and uniqueness. We have been raised in a world where information is deemed far more important than imagination. Adults replaced dreams with discipline when they were finally ready to grow up and be responsible for their lives. Whether this contrast was reinforced on an assembly line, in a cubicle, or in a classroom, the surest path to acceptance in society is accepting standardization. And we more than willingly, relinquish our uniqueness.
Jonathan Auxier, The Night Gardener|The story became a cloud, and the cloud a sheet of rain, and rain fell throughout the empire.
Gugu Mona|HE LIKED TO COOK AND LAUGH AND SING, COULD START A FIRE WITH HIS HANDS, FIX THINGS THAT WERE BROKEN, AND EXPLAIN HOW TO LAUNCH THINGS INTO SPACE, BUT HE DIED WITHIN NINE MONTHS
Jodie Evans|If you're with a close friend, your anger may raise his blood pressure as well as your own, whereas loving feelings may lower blood pressure in both of you.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|This pain is comfort. It is the solace of physicality, like a touch.
ash bunsee|I’d begun to think of the Immortality Bus as the Entropy Bus, and of ourselves as trundling across Texas in a great mobile metaphor for the inevitable decline of all things, the disintegration of all systems over time.
Chris Dee, World's Finest: Red Cape, Big City|Staying motivated in business is really less about what you hear and think, and more about what you do and achieve.
Inga Muscio|Governments are not representative. They have their own power, serving segments of the population that are dominant and rich.
P.R. Newton, Shattered Embrace|I think women should have choices and should be able to do what they like, and I think it's a great choice to stay at home and raise kids, just as it's a great choice to have a career. But I don't entirely approve of people who get advanced degrees and then decide to stay at home. I think if society gives you the gift of one of those educations and you take a spot in a very competitive institution, then you should do something with that education to help others... But I also don't approve of working parents who look down on stay-at-home mothers and think they smother their children. Working parents are every bit as capable of spoiling children as ones who don't work - maybe even more so when they indulge their kids out of guilt. The best think anyone can teach their children is the obligation we all have toward each other - and no one has a monopoly on teaching that.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|…”The Emersons who were at Florence, do you mean? No, I don’t suppose it will prove to be them. It is probably a long cry from them to friends of Mr. Vyse’s. Oh, Mrs. Honeychurch, the oddest people! The queerest people! For our part we liked them, didn’t we?” He appealed to Lucy. “There was a great scene over some violets. They picked violets and filled all the vases in the room of these very Miss Alans who have failed to come to Cissie Villa. Poor little ladies! So shocked and so pleased. It used to be one of Miss Catharine’s great stories. ‘My dear sister loves flowers,’ it began. They found the whole room a mass of blue — vases and jugs — and the story ends with ‘So ungentlemanly and yet so beautiful.’ It is all very difficult. Yes, I always connect those Florentine Emersons with violets.”…
Kathyrn Stockett|A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one’s neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|ot everyone liked Albert. Not everyone was happy that he had become the most important person around. Lots of people were jealous that Albert had a girl to clean his house and the porcelain basin where he did his business at night when he didn’t want to go outside to the only actual outhouse in Per-dido Beach. And that he could afford to send his clothes to be washed in the fresh water of the ironically named Lake Evian.And there were definitely people who didn’t like working for Albert, having to do what he said or go hungry.Albert traveled with a bodyguard now. The bodyguard’s name was Jamal. Jamal carried an automatic rifle over his shoulder. He had a massive hunting knife in his belt. And a club that was an oak chair leg with spikes driven through it to make a sort of mace.Unlike everyone else Albert carried no weapon himself. Jamal was weapon enough.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|He lifted her hand to his mouth. The touch of his lips was soft on her scraped palm, the tiny licks of his tongue so light she could barely feel them. Wait. He was licking her?"You can't lick me," she said sternly. "i don't know your name."He looked up and a quick grin slashed across his face. "Luca," he said...."Luca," she repeated. "Is that an America name?""No." He lifted her hand to his mouth again, and his tongue once more began a slow, gentle movement over the scrape. She was okay with it now, because she knew his name.
Hadi Farnoud|Our Victrola stood in the diningroom. I was allowed to climb onto the seat of a diningroom chair to wind it, start the record turning, and set the needle playing. In a second I'd jumped to the floor, to spin or march around the room as the music called for - now there were all the other records I could play too. I skinned back onto the chair just in time to lift the needle at the end, stop the record and turn it over, then change the needle. Winding up, dancing, being cocked to start and stop the record, was of course, all in one the act of listening. Movement must be at the very heart of listening.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|In days long past, Jarod said he’d write a sentence about my love, translated in Russian, and that sentence, like my love, is clearly not for sale, unlike his virginity, or this book, which I’m both offering at ten times the market value, so hurry up and buy now, before it goes down.
Caleb Cushing|Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers.
Alex Flinn, Bewitching|...when they look at me, I so badly want to be who they see.
vicky vora|today's my life and i feel that " Every question have an answer but sometime that answer again becomes a question....
Billy Graham|My life is fair game for anybody. I spent an unhappy, penniless childhood in Brooklyn. I had to slug my way up in a town called Hollywood where people love to trample you to death. I don't relax because I don't know how. I don't want to know how. Life is too short to relax.
Michael Graves|When I design a building, I'm making sure you and I can get to the front door, there's enough of a threshold for entry, and that the rooms are in a logical sequence.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|The first bombardment showed us our mistake, and under it the world as they had taught it to us broke in pieces.
Samuel Beckett, Watt|It always starts out that way," Kanin said, and his voice was distant, as if remembering. "Noble intentions, honor among new vampires. Vows to not harm humans, to take only what is needed, to not hunt them like sheep through the night.
C. Nuzum|The devil is busytrying to take from uswhat we get from God,and so God bids us hold fast.
Helen Craik, Stella of the North|So spoke the man whose importance originated in the golden harvest he had reaped with the resistless hand of force, from the the legal, but unfortunate possessors, in a far distant region, where the conviction of riches proves certain destruction to the hapless natives, and poverty is considered as the greatest crime their European plunderers can possibly be accused of.
Dmitry Glukhovsky|She was only really a female to him.But perhaps that was better. And after all, he was kind to the female in her, which no man had ever been. Men were very kind to the person she was, but rather cruel to the female, despising her or ignoring her altogether. Men were awfully kind to Constance Reid or to Lady Chatterley; but not to her womb they weren’t kind. And he took no notice of Constance or of Lady Chatterley; he just softly stroked her loins or her breasts.
Massad Ayoob, Gun Safety in the Home|Firearms, if you think about it, are power tools. They drill holes in things and chew things up. That’s their purpose. The purpose of the user is, quite simply, to puncture and destroy the right things and not the wrong things.
Ron Brackin|When God asks a question, it is always rhetorical.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Men are not angels,” Akhmar affirmed. “And so men have the chance to be noble, in a way that angels cannot.
Richard Foster|But a central message there is, and it is the recognition of this that has led to the common treatment of the Bible as a book, and not simply a collection of books - just as the Greek plural biblia (books) became the Latin singular biblia (the book).
Ava Lore, Hard Rock Arrangement|Do you like my smile?” he asks, walking towards me. 	I kick off my heels, so that when he stands before me, I am suddenly much shorter than a moment ago. “It’s the best I’ve seen,” I say honestly. And, of course, he smiles at me. “You see these…” I reach up and touch his cheeks where dimples form when he’s happy, “…these are adorable. These…” I lightly touch his lips, “…well, I’d better not tell you what I’d like to do with these…” His smile widens. “And these…” I touch the edges of his eyes, “…they smile, too.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|A missionary deals with all the important people of the community, but he is never really one of them.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Is it a fact – or have I dreamt it – that, by means of electricity, the world of matter has become a great nerve, vibrating thousands of miles in a breathless point of time?
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|You sound worked up. Really worked up. No, that's not it. You sound agitated...flustered...aroused." I could feel her eyes widen. "He kissed you, didn't he?"No answer."He did! I knew it! I've seen the way he looks at you. I knew this was coming. I saw it from a mile away."I didn't want to think about it."What was it like?" Vee pressed. "A peach kiss? A plum kiss? Or an al-fal-fa kiss?""What?""Was it a peck, did mouths part, or was there tongue? Never mind. You don't have to answer that. Patch isn't the kind of guy to deal with preliminaries. There was tongue involved. Guaranteed.
Marina DeAngelo 2012 .|With painstaking rumination, the tips of his fingers grazed over my neck, a deafening silence. I didn't move as his hand paused at the base of my throat. He listened to the arrhythmic beating of my heart, my pulse thumping beneath his fingers. He kissed me along my neckline and throat. I almost burst apart from the longing. My blood burned for him.
Sonam Kapoor|I don't believe in luck. Not in golf, anyway. There are good bounces and bad bounces, sure, but the ball is round and so is the hole. If you find yourself in a position where you hope for luck to pull you through, you're in serious trouble.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Origin|I promise you that this isn't going to be our future, Kitten. I will give that to you—a normal life."Her eyes glistened. "I don’t expect a normal life. I just expect a life with you
Kristen Ashley, At Peace|Lovers' language, give me an exact and poetic comparison to say what those eyes of Capitu were like. No image comes to mind that doesn't offend against the rules of good style, to say what they were and what they did to me. Undertow eyes? Why not? Undertow. That's the notion that the new expression put in my head. They held some kind of mysterious, active fluid, a force that dragged one in, like the undertow of a wave retreating from the shore on stormy days. So as not to be dragged in, I held onto anything around them, her ears, her arms, her hair spread about her shoulders; but as soon as I returned to the pupils of her eyes again, the wave emerging from them grew towards me, deep and dark, threatening to envelop me, draw me in and swallow me up.
Justin Rosenstein|Life seeks life and loves life. The opening of a catkin of a willow, in the flight of the butterfly, in the chirping of a tree-toad or the sweep of an eagle - my life loves to see how others live, exults in their joy, and so far is partner in their great concern.
Cynthia Ozick|Prose cannot compete with the economy of poetry, the ability to have a full artistic experience in a short period of time.
Steven Chopade|It hurts because He is treating your spiritual disease, just as a good medical practitioner does for his patients.
S.E. Hinton, Hawkes Harbor|He'll have to do without me, Jamie thought, not looking back. And then clearly, as if he'd been told, he knew Grenville /could/ do without him. There was somewhere else he had to go now, somewhere else he had to be.
Eileen Anglin|Those who believe in deathare the ones who believe we are born.The ones who understandwe are in a dream-like unknown space right now,will believe neither in death nor in life.
Parker J. Palmer, A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life|Somehow, people always forget that it's much easier to install a dictator than to remove one
Stephen Noce, Dominique Ick Lessont and the Dragon Knight|It was cold, dark & lonely in the great cathedral-like chambers, with only coffins and corpses for company.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He’s not that smart.”“She’s right,” Augustus says. “It’s just that most really good-looking people are stupid, so I exceed expectations.”“Right, it’s primarily his hotness.”“It can be sort of blinding,” he said.“It actually did blind our friend Isaac.”“Terrible tragedy, that. But can I help my own deadly beauty?”“You cannot.”“It is my burden, this beautiful face.”“Not to mention your body.”“Seriously, don’t even get me started on my hot bod. You don’t want to see me naked, Dave. Seeing me naked actually took Hazel Grace’s breath away,” he said, nodding toward the oxygen tank.
Christina Engela, Blachart|Know then thyself; presume not God to scan,The proper study of mankind is Man.Placed on this isthmus of a middle state,A being darkly wise and rudely great:With too much knowledge for the Sceptic side,And too much weakness for the Stoic's pride,He hangs between; in doubt to act or rest;In doubt to deem himself a God or Beast;In doubt his mind or body to prefer;Born but to die, and reas'ning but to err.Alike in ignorance, his reason such,Whether he thinks too little or too much.
Mike Kalin|Don't worry if your "you" is small and your rewards are few: Remember that the mighty oak was once a nut like you.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Jealousy is the opposite of maintaining and growing in a relationship. Jealousy includes elements of fear, anger, suspicion, and control that have no place in a mature relationship.
Paul Tillich|As a people of faith, we know that prayer is a powerful instrument. And as one Nation under God, we know that many times our most powerful tool is prayer.
Vishwas Chavan|The poor are very well off, at least the agricultural poor, very well off indeed. Their incomes are certain, that is a great point, and they have no cares, no anxieties; they always have a resource, they always have the House. People without cares do not require as much food as those whose life entails anxieties. See how long they live!
Ellie Goulding|The cultural expectation should be if there's infidelity, the marriage is more important than fidelity.
Jillian Michaels|My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.
Thomas P. Campbell|I take cabs if I need to get somewhere or I take car service. I don't drive, I wouldn't mind riding a bike... People think that because you become an entertainer you gotta have this rock star thug image. I'm an artist, man. I'm going to live like an artist.
James Wright, Above the River: The Complete Poems|But I have burned already down to bone. There is a fire that burns beyond the names Of sludge and filth of which this world is made. Agony sears the dark flesh of the body, And lifts me higher than the smoke, to rise Above the earth, above the sacrifice; Until my soul flares outward like a blue Blossom of gas fire dancing in mid-air: Free of the body’s work of twisted iron.
Osip Mandelstam|One cannot launch a new history — the idea is altogether unthinkable; there would not be the continuity and tradition. Tradition cannot be contrived or learned. In its absence one has, at the best, not history but ‘progress’ — the mechanical movement of a clock hand, not the sacred succession of interlinked events.
C. JoyBell C.|At the end of the day, there are very few people around you who truly want to see you peaceful, happy and content. Most of your friends only want to see you happy, peaceful and content, in ratio to their own happiness, peace and contentment. It's like, "Yeah, I want all your dreams to come true and I want to see you smile, but only for as much as I smile and only in proportion to how many of my own dreams come true." That's what people today call, "friendship" and "care". It's not really friendship and it's not really care. Then there's like one or two people who would celebrate your own happiness and success even if it's out of proportion to their own. And that's a real blessing right there, that's a real friendship.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Or maybe I am justoutside enough,being the footstool observing from the corner,that I have a view of reality.
John Izzo|The future cannot be controlled, only experienced.
Caroline Leavitt|My dad was such a great story-teller, a good teacher.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|The melodious song mesmerized me and cloaked my soul in a most liberating embrace I had never known. The emotion enveloped me, and smothered the emptiness.
Hani.N|Given enough time, the impossible becomes possible.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|I believe in the devil, in the Powers of Darkness, Lawford, as firmly as I believe he and they are powerless – in the long run. They – what shall we say? - have surrendered their intrinsicality. You can just go through evil, as you can go through a sewer, and come out on the other side. A loathsome process too.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|I know for an absolute fact that if I ate a meal at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants, I would be able to taste his anger.
Truth Devour, Wantin|I see the way he looks at you when you're not aware of his gaze. I see the way you care for him. And so when you think he wants you gone, it is not that. He is simply afraid to lose you.
Louis L'Amour|Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|An ardent desire to go took possession of me once more. Not because I wanted to leave - I was quite all right on this Cretan coast, and felt happy and free there and I needed nothing - but because I have always been consumed with one desire; to touch and see as much as possible of the earth and the sea before I die.
Anna M. Aquino|In your life, the people become like a patchwork quilt. Some leave with you a piece that is bigger than you wanted and others smaller than you thought you needed. Some are that annoying itchy square in the corner, and others that piece of worn flannel. You leave pieces with some and they leave their pieces with you. All the while each and every square makes up a part of what is you. Be okay with the squares people leave you. For life is too short to expect from people what they do not have to give, or were not called to give you.
Blaise Pascal|Love knows no limit to its endurance, no end to its trust, no fading of its hope; it can outlast anything. Love still stands when all else has fallen.
Drew  Hayes, Super Powereds: Year 4|I'm working on the future, instead of being caught up in where I am today. - Roy Daniels
Christine de Pizan, Ditié de Jehanne d'Arc|Oh! What honour for the female sex! It is perfectly obvious that God has special regard for it when all these wretched people who destroyed the whole Kingdom – now recovered and made safe by a woman, something that 5000 men could not have done – and the traitors [have been] exterminated. Before the event they would scarcely have believed this possible.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|What I am or am not wearing does not correlate with my competency as a professional, a mother, or a feminist role model. My clothes do not define me and nor does my nakedness. I define me.
Karmak Bagisbayev, The Last Faith: A book by an atheist believer|I saw that morality varies from person to person, from group to group, from nation to nation.And the most interesting thing is that when I began to study history, I realised that morality changes with time. Morality will even shift to its exact opposite when the conditions that once produced it yield to change.When a new set of circumstances appears it is the people with a highly developed sense of individual freedom of choice that first try to change the status quo. More conservative individuals with a less developed sense of freedom resist change for as long as possiblebut give up in the end. Man always has freedom of choice, unlike other creatures, who only change their way of life when they are forced to by the natural environment.Now I understand that the morality which is said to be inherent in God, or, as the atheists prefer to express it, in Nature, naively thinking that replacing the word ‘God’ with ‘Nature’ will make them sound more scientifically convincing, does not exist at all!
Ufuoma Apoki, The Return of Lucas|When you have a good heart, kindness becomes a responsibility you take up.
Mohammed Sekouty|History narrates stories about great men from the past,write your story now and make history
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|Wealth, my son, should never be your goal in life. Your words are eloquent but they are mere words. True wealth is of the heart, not of the purse.
Mayday Parade|When he was dry, he believed it was alcohol he needed, but when he had a few drinks in him, he knew it was something else, possibly a woman; and when he had it all -- cash, booze, and a wife -- he couldn't be distracted from the great emptiness that was always falling through him and never hit the ground.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|If you work your hardest, and you do your best, then the rest is not in your control, but in God's Hands.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Everyone has a talent, and gifts shouldn't be judged by their glory factor
Palmer Luckey|The only thing Martha and I have in common is that we both used to model. Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.
Neal Stephenson, Reamde|Of course, you didn't want our help. Now I have to go beat up some soldier just to keep my ego intact.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|What is more natural than that a solidity, a complicity, a bond should be established between Reader and Reader, thanks to the book? You can leave the bookshop content, you, a man who thought that the period where you could still expect something from life had ended. You are bearing with you two different expectations, and both promise days of pleasant hopes; the expectation contained in the book - of a reading experience you are impatient to resume - and the expectation contained in that telephone number - of hearing again the vibrations, a times treble and at times smoldering, of that voice, when it will answer your first phone call in a while, in fact tomorrow, with the fragile pretext of the book, to ask her if she likes it or not, to tell her how many pages you have read or not read, to suggest to her that you meet again...
Lydia Millet, My Happy Life|I have always wished the present to resemble memory: because the present can be flat at times, and bald as a road. But memory is never like that. It makes hills of feeling in collapsed hours, a scene of enclosure made all precious by its frame.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Sure. You want to be touched, inspired and made to feel alive. But a relationship is like a bridge where you meet other people half-way. That means if you want to be touched, inspired and made to feel alive, you have to be touching, inspiring and bring the fire of your aliveness to the union of your companionship.
J.R. Rain, Moon Bayou|The door she had just stepped through shut softly. Taylor faced Veris, took a deep breath and dropped the coat at her feet. Beneath she wore black lace-topped stay-up stockings, red and black French lace thong panties and a matching shelf bra, Swarovski crystals in her belly button and clipped to her nipples.
Stephanie Lahart|Some of my Black sistas don’t know any better, so I’d like to give them some enlightening food-for-thought. Many of them are in awe when it comes to Michelle Obama. They admire and celebrate her intelligence and beauty. For many Black women, she’s a positive and powerful role model. Our former First Lady is phenomenal to say the least! She’s a lawyer, writer, and she fearlessly wears many other hats with integrity and grace. But, here’s what I’d like to point out: If you can admire and celebrate her, why can’t you do the same for YOUR family and friends? Why is it that when people that you personally know obtain degrees, start a successful business, buy a home, are financially secure, happily married, etc… Here you go hatin’ on them. Why can’t you genuinely be happy for them and share in their greatness? I encourage you to celebrate the Black women around you, too!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|The bitterest hardships, the most daunting trials; none of these are burdens if it means being with you.
Robin Sacredfire|Whenever we talk about darkness and light, the terms seem so abstract that many consider the answers to be found in meditation and yoga, but I’m here to tell you that the answers are in the books you will never read, waiting all your life in the libraries you ignored and the bookstores you didn’t visit. I’m here to tell you as well that you are your own Satan and evil can’t possibly interfere more in your life than what you’re already doing to yourself by remaining ignorant. Until you choose the light, darkness is your personal choice, and there’s no reason to feel any empathy for you.
Chuck Klosterman|The drive to Santa Fe on I-25 is midly zen. There are public road signs that say "Gusty Winds May Exist". This seems more like lazy philosophy than travel advice.
Mac Canoza|WORSHIP IS ACTION.Worship is not lazy, boring and sad.Worship is zealous, famous and joyful.Psalm 66:1-2Shout joyfully to God, all the earth; Sing the glory of His name; Make His praise glorious.1 Corinthians 6:20For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body.Psalm 107:32Let them extol Him also in the congregation of the people, And praise Him at the seat of the elders.
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|I think of how each person in a marriage owes it to the other to find individual happiness, even in a shared life. That this is the only way to grow together, instead of apart.
Kenneth Eade, The Spy Files|Patrick Henry said ‘give me liberty or give me death.’ I think his famous quote makes it crystal clear that the Constitutional framework of this country values liberty as an essential element of life, worth dying for. If something is worth such a sacrifice, how can the loss of it be justified for the argument that it will make us safer to give up our liberty and our civil rights? Are we to tell the mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers of all the soldiers lost in foreign wars that it was all a big lie? That they died for nothing?
Carmen Dominique Taxer, And Blood Divides Us|I know what you’re doing,” he whispered to Raphael, whose movements only became more fervent, and the thought slipped from the boy’s mind so that he became dazed and undone with pleasure, staring up at the ceiling, watching as it blurred and became indistinct, and he felt the rising rush of pleasure, until he cried out in a sharp gasp.And the pleasure went on and on, as it did, unbearably, until either Raphael took pity on him, or he pushed his Genitor away. Whichever it was, the pleasure that was leaking into pain, stopped, and he was lifted and laid down on the stone, cold and hard under his spine, and Raphael was bent over him, kissing up this time, up to his lips, flicking his tongue at them, and whispering: “Don’t question my love for you. Ever again.
Jill Knowles, Concubine|I am ewe to your ram. How can I call myself a man anymore?""The penis is a dead giveaway.
Sandra Neil Wallace|Little Joe was still behind him. Eli could feel it. He wanted to look back, but he couldn’t. The tears were too close. If he were Fancy, he’d turn around and kick and buck and moo and do just about anything to keep his calf near. But Eli wasn’t Fancy; he was a farmer.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|There is a distinct difference between the ability to create life and the innate need to protect it; to cherish it. The life you've created is the one being you love most in the universe, and that intense love evolves into something that goes far beyond a sense of duty. It is instinct; pure and undeniable. As a direct result, one must neglect all else to preserve it. Even those we have claimed to love before.
Adam Braun|I'm interested in exploring the places where all media meet. As TV, Internet, art, games and movies all start moving towards the same point, I want to be part of inventing that space. I'd like to explore media that are traditionally seen as part of the mainstream but not necessarily utilize mainstream formulas.
Amit Kalantri|Why would she want to come back here and live?' I wondered. 'Doesn't seem like she'd want to.''Why do you say that?''She seems different, that's all.''I don't know,' Bud said. 'You might be confusing different with dissatisfied.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|From the windows, through the fur of snow, the landscape became more melancholy when the sun successfully brightened the quiet trees, unable to speak without their leaves.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people. It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life, and it is the main obstacle between you and a shitty first draft. I think perfectionism is based on the obsessive belief that if you run carefully enough, hitting each stepping-stone just right, you won't have to die. The truth is that you will die anyway and that a lot of people who aren't even looking at their feet are going to do a whole lot better than you, and have a lot more fun while they're doing it.
Frank Church|It was too familiar to Cody. He placed his arms around his wife trying somehow to shelter her from the reality she was facing. There was another reason for his closeness; his desperation to show her he was not one of them, that the tribes of cruel men did not recognize him as one of their own, and to show his wife that his promise to create a safe place for her was a promise she need not fear would be broken. In the innermost part of him, from the secret child that lives within all men, was a scared cry, “Please don’t think I’m bad too.” From the other innermost part of him, the secret animal that prowls in some men was a raging wolf ready to kill. The battle line within the man had been drawn. The boundaries of faith rose up around the rage, warning the soul against righteous anger morphing to blood lust.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Trials and difficulties may assail the life of a believer, but they also have the ability to remold his character and banish from his life those impurities which might impair growth and service.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|For obvious reasons, the relationship between novelists, the reviewing establishment and critics in general is chronically, and often acutely, edgy. A kind of low-intensity warfare prevails, with outbreaks of savagery. It is partly an ownership issue. Who, other than its creator, is to say what a work of fiction means or is worth? It can take years to write a novel and only a few hours for a critic, or a reviewer rushing for a tight deadline, to trash it.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|Why is there evil in the world? Because sometimes you just wanna fuckin have it, and you don’t care who gets hurt.
Nikki Rowe|Please hold onto your kindess, we share the world with many selfish beings And we need open hearts to create change.
Erika Lopez, Flaming Iguanas: An Illustrated All-Girl Road Novel Thing|This is stupid. Very, very stupid. I don't even have a tear-stained dog to wave bye to me. But I told everyone I was gonna do this, so I gotta do it... or I will be living a life of feminist-sounding somedays. And I will be more responsible, powerful, and amazing afterward. I will be able to do anything and not self-consciously stare at elevator numbers when the doors close. I will look the other person in right the eye and nod hello.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|We're freaks, the two of us, Franny and I. I'm a twenty-five-year-old freak and she's a twenty-one-year-old freak, and both those bastards are responsible. I swear to you, I could murder them both without batting an eyelash. The great teachers. The great emancipators. My God. I can't even sit down to lunch with a man any more and hold up my end of a decent conversation. I either get so bored or so goddamn preachy that if the son of a bitch had any sense, he'd break his chair over my head
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|...whether he stayed or left, whether they walked the same path or not. They could live on opposite sides of the world, and she would still be his.
Umberto Eco|Hey, that’s why they in­vented the In­ter­net, her­manita. To talk about weird shit and down­load porn.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|Don't leave something good for something you think is better ,Because once you realize you had the best ,the best has already found better
Douglas Wilson, Flags Out Front: A Contrarian's Daydream|They had money - quite a bit of it, actually - but for them, money was just bullets.
Matshona Dhliwayo|f you are too good to look after God’s trash, you are not good enough to look after God’s treasure.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|Liberate yourself as far as you can, and you have done your part; for it is not given to every one to break through all limits,or,more expressively, not to every one is that a limit which is a limit for the rest. Consequently,do not tire yourself with toiling at the limits of others...He who overturns one of his limits may have shown others the way and the means; the overturning of their limits remains their affair.
Frans de Waal, The Age of Empathy: Nature's Lessons for a Kinder Society|The book of nature is like the Bible: Everyone reads into it what they want, from tolerance to intolerance, and from altruism to greed. It’s good to realize, though, that if biologists never stop talking of competition, this doesn’t mean they advocate it, and if they call genes selfish, this doesn’t mean that genes actually are. Genes can’t be any more “selfish” than a river can be “angry,” or sun rays “loving.” Genes are little chunks of DNA. At most, they are “self-promoting,” because successful genes help their carriers spread more copies of themselves.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|But who can say what's best? That's why you need to grab whatever chance you have for happiness where you find it, and not worry too much about other people. My experience tells me that we get no more than two or three such chances in a lifetime, and if we let them go, we regret it for the rest of our lives.
Sheryl J. Anderson, Killer Cocktail|Guys don't want women with good taste, guys want women who taste good.
Charlotte Casiraghi|To a very great extent, it's the fast-food industry that really industrialized our agriculture - that drove the system to one variety of chicken grown very quickly in confinement, to the feedlot system for beef, to giant monocultures to grow potatoes. All of those thing flow from the desire of fast-food companies for a perfectly consistent product.
Nights Raven|Did we really come all that way?" She asked. "Time flies when you're scared out of your mind." He answered.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is no ‘superior’, no underhand; such is the moksha [ultimate liberation] of the Vitaraag Lords [the enlightened ones] that I would like to have.
Donna Brazile|When politics is no longer a mission but a profession, politicians become more self-serving than public servants.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|It throbbed and pulsed, channeled by elemental forces of fear, love, hope, and sadness. The bow stabbed and flitted across the strings in a violent whorl of creation; its hairs tore and split until it seemed the last strands would sever in a scrape of dissonance. Those who saw the last fragile remnants held their breath against the breaking. The music rippled across the ship like a spirit, like a thing alive and eldritch and pregnant with mystery. The song held. More than held, it deepened. It groaned. It resounded in the hollows of those who heard. Then it softened into tones long, slow, and patient and reminded men of the faintest stars trembling dimly in defiance of a ravening dark. At the last, when the golden hairs of the bow had given all the sound they knew, the music fled in a whisper. Fin was both emptied and filled, and the song sighed away on the wind.
Vladimir Nabokov, Look at the Harlequins!|We are liable to miss the best of life if we do not know how to tingle, if we do not learn to hoist ourselves just a little higher than we generally are in order to sample the rarest and ripest fruit of art which human thought has to offer.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|Taught from their infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison.
R.L. Mathewson, Checkmate|See, admit it, you need my help.” “Fine. I need you… your help.” My admission made Ace’s half smile bloom into a full one. He really was devastatingly handsome. And so very, very unattainable. “What makes you say that, Riles?” His thumb brushed up my neck, as his other hand splayed a little wider along my hip. “Huh?He winked at me. “I’ve never been unattainable.” I stood there, dumbfounded. “I said that out loud?
Eileen Granfors, The Pinata-Maker's Daughter|I welcome challenges. I triumph on them, it helps me grow. Without the challenges that I have faced, I may not be where I am at all.
Nina García, The One Hundred: A Guide to the Pieces Every Stylish Woman Must Own|French girls still have the Jane Birkin culture. You can go just like that, without makeup, without managing your hair.
Nikki Rowe|never sacrifice yourself for love, remember it should improve your vision not change your sight
Jenson Button|It's been amazing, the number of commercials that I've done, starting back in 1968. It must be 8,000.
David J. Schwartz|And you? Did you find the doorknob?”Hadrian picked up a jug and downed several swallows, drinking so quickly some of the water dripped down his chin. He poured some in his palm and rinsed his face, running his fingers through his hair.“I didn’t even get close enough to see a door.”“Well, look on the bright side”—Hadrian smiled—“at least you weren’t captured and condemned to death this time.”“That’s the bright side?”“What can I say? I’m a glass-half-full kinda guy.
M.C. Frank, No Ordinary Star|You weren't born to be a spectator of others while they live life to the fullest. You too were born to make the world a better place, so put your talents into good use.
Peter Mendelsund, What We See When We Read|The animated cartoon has a lot to teach the writer, above all how to define characters and objects with a few strokes.
John Tillotson, A Discourse Against Transubstantiation|You did not have to understand miracles to believe in them, and in fact Mabel had begun to suspect the opposite. To believe, perhaps you had to cease looking for explanations and instead hold the little thing in your hands as long as you were able before it slipped like water between your fingers.
Denise Van Outen|All the pre-made sauces in a jar, and frozen and canned vegetables, processed meats, and cheeses which are loaded with artificial ingredients and sodium can get in the way of a healthy diet. My number one advice is to eat fresh, and seasonally.
Deyth Banger|Think about it. If I say to you, "Oh! I wrote a 500-page book on that!" Don’t your eyebrows go up?
Neri Oxman|It's always best to feel fulfilled first, before finding a man. Then you'll know the value of yourself, and you'll hold the key to your own happiness. So you won't turn into a vulnerable, needy, emotional mess the minute you fall in love.
Yolanda Adams|In country music, one of the ways we may have gone wrong in the past is trying to be politically correct all the time.
Flynn Meaney, Bloodthirsty|Pretending to care what men think is an art. It takes moments to learn, but lifetimes to master. I’d like to believe I’m an expert.
Sandra E. Lamb|Write like you speak with the 'rhythms of human speech,' as William Zinsser said, and in as few words as possible. Use action verbs to carry water.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|I decided to find you, throw myself at your feet, and beg you to have mercy on me. Honestly, I’ll accept whatever you choose, Kelsey. Just don’t ask me to live apart from you again. Because...I can’t.
Martin Cruz Smith, Wolves Eat Dogs|I am strangely tired, not from having talked so much but at the mere thought of what I still have to say
Johanna Siguroardottir|For me, feminism is about equality. So, when someone works for a Wall Street firm and says they're a feminist, my eyes are going to roll.
Richard Bradley, Harvard Rules: Lawrence Summers and the Battle for the World's Most Powerful University|All these faces look happy enough, say Shug. Big and beefy. Eyes clear and innocent, like they don't know them other crooks on the front page. But they the same folks, she say.
Elvis Presley|The beautiful is in nature, and it is encountered under the most diverse forms of reality. Once it is found it belongs to art, or rather to the artist who discovers it.
Paula Deen|A safe and nutritionally adequate diet is a basic individual right and an essential condition for sustainable development, especially in developing countries.
Johannes Brahms|If there is anyone here whom I have not insulted, I beg his pardon.
Jack Welch|Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.
Tom Standage, A History of the World in 6 Glasses|Civilization is to groups what intelligence is to individuals. It is a means of combining the intelligence of many to achieve ongoing group adaptation. Civilization, like intelligence, may serve well, serve adequately, or fail to serve its adaptive function. When civilization fails to serve, it must disintegrate unless it is acted upon by unifying internal or external forces.
Etta James|At first, I found the music I was making really hard to find a home for. I felt like my attitude was really British, but not the actual sounds I was making. Back in 2003, when I made 'Galang,' there were no clubs that had an 'anything and everything' attitude.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I've got a pretty good idea what children are, and we're not children. Children can lose sometimes, and nobody cares.
Amanda Hocking, Hollowland|If you focus your awareness only upon your own rightness, then you invite the forces of opposition to overwhelm you.
Diego Rivera, My Art, My Life|I spent the two and one-half months between my meeting with the Art Commission and the beginning of my actual mural work in soaking up impressions of the productive activities of the city. I studied industrial scenes by night as well as by day, making literally thousands of sketches of towering blast furnaces, serpentine conveyor belts, impressive scientific laboratories, busy assembling rooms; also of precision instruments, some of them massive yet delicate; and of the men who worked them all. I walked for miles through the immense workshops of the Ford, Chrysler, Edison, Michigan Alkali, and Parke-Davis plants. I was afire with enthusiasm. My childhood passion for mechanical toys had been transmuted to a delight in machinery for its own sake and for its meaning to man -- his self-fulfillment and liberation from drudgery and poverty. That is why now I placed the collective hero, man-and-machine, higher than the old traditional heroes of art and legend. I felt that in the society of the future as already, to some extent, that of the present, man-and-machine would be as important as air, water, and the light of the sun.This was the "philosophy," the state of mind in which I undertook my Detroit frescoes.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|You can’t help who you are, but you can change who you want to be.
D. Antoinette Foy|Don't be afraid to be afraid. Have fear, and then conquer the shit out of it.
RVM|It is true that everyone has Problems, and it is also true that every problem has a Solution. If this is the reality of Life, then why not focus on solutions rather than Problems.
Auliq Ice|Stop rejecting that unique pathway that was designed exclusively for you. Embrace your destiny, respect yourself and love others.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|Omitting sacrifice will gain you nothing...He is the striver,who sacrifices delight, ail, sympathy and slumber,and at the terminalStriver is the WINNER.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|I thought how wise he was to lure his rival out into the woods, where every fight's fair.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I' was the last word I was able to speak aloud, which is a terrible thing, but there it is, I would walk around the neighborhood saying, 'I I I I.' 'You want a cup of coffee, Thomas?''I.' 'And maybe something sweet?''I.' 'How about this weather?''I.' 'You look upset. Is anything wrong?' I wanted to say, 'Of course,' I wanted to ask, 'Is anything right?' I wanted to pull the thread, unravel the scarf of my silence and start again from the beginning, but instead I said 'I.' I know I'm not alone in this disease, you hear the old people in the street and some of them are moaning, 'Ay yay yay,' but some of them are clinging to their last word, 'I,' they're saying, because they're desperate, it's not a complaint, it's a prayer, and then I lost 'I' and my silence was complete.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|I'm pleased to know you realize she is mine, gypsy. Care to explain why it is that I find you here in the Gwarda arena and touching what belongs to me?
Lisa Kessler, Breath of Passion|She wet her lips. “And she didn’t warn you about me?”“Should she have?”Erica finished her drink, relishing the burn in her belly and the flush of heat in her cheeks as she nodded. “Definitely.”His gaze smoldered. “It’s a good thing danger is my calling, then.”“Good to know,” she said with a sly smile.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|The sure guaranty of the peace and security of each race is the clear, distinct, unconditional recognition by our governments, national and state, of every right that inheres in civil freedom, and of the equality before the law of all citizens of the United States, without regard to race. State enactments regulating the enjoyment of civil rights upon the basis of race, and cunningly devised to defeat legitimate results of the war, under the pretense of recognizing equality of rights, can have no other result than to render permanent peace impossible, and to keep alive a conflict of races, the continuance of which must do harm to all concerned.
Theodore Dreiser|Words are but the vague shadows of the volumes we mean.  Little audible links, they are, chaining together great inaudible feelings and purposes.
Celia Rivenbark, Belle Weather: Mostly Sunny with a Chance of Scattered Hissy Fits|Who can fail to mist at Fergie's anthem, 'My humps, my humps, my lovely lady lumps.' Hmmm. 'My lunch, my lunch, I swear it's coming up.
Mary Wollstonecraft|I think that the path that I took was normal in the American society where young women and men are not trained as to how to make the transition from being a girl to being a woman, from being a boy to being a man. And so I think that most young people in America live by trial and error, and not by parental instruction, community guidance.
David Sedaris|If you are any kind of an artist, then validation … can be a result, but you’re going to do the work anyway. Because you’re just wired that way. It’s so engrained, it’s such a part of your personality that you don’t just stop doing it.
Jenny Han|I didn't have that kind of friendship, the forever kind of friendship that will last your whole life through, no matter what.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|Partially undermining the manufacturer's ability to assert that its work constituted a meaningful contribution to mankind was the frivolous way in which it went about marketing its products. Grief was the only rational response to the news that an employee had spent three months devising a supermarket promotion based on an offer of free stickers of cartoon characters called the Fimbles. Why had the grown-ups so churlishly abdicated their responsibilities? Were there not more important ambitions to be met before Death showed himself on the horizon in his hooded black cloak, his scythe slung over his shoulder?
José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ|Try to be patient when it comes to your destiny because there are unskippable stages and seasons on the journey to it. Be more patient and know that God doesn't cut corners, so it's really pointless to try twist His arm.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|I keep turning over new leaves, and spoiling them, as I used to spoil my copybooks; and I make so many beginnings there never will be an end. (Jo March)
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|I don't understand my sudden obsession with staring at her, but i can't seem to stop.
Antony Gormley|Cities have become places where we are controlled, by CCTV and other means, in the same way as machines are controlled. My works provide an imaginative space in which this can be challenged. It's like opening a window in a closed room.
Laura Staley|If EXCELLENCE is one of your values, not only you self-critic and evaluate your performance consistently, you BEG others for honest feedback...
David Rockefeller|The political system is broken, the economy is broken and so is society. That is why people are so depressed about the state of our country.
American proverb|Love many, trust a few, and learn to paddle your own canoe.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Take deliberate steps to retrain your brain and turn your inner critic into an enthusiastic, devoted fan.
Jim Moore, The Long Experience of Love|What I never expected is how much nothing there is afterwords. In life,, he was not nearby. Now he is everywhere I dream and every place I wake. Or if not him exactly, then a nothing so much like him I cannot seem to wish it goodnight.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|It's like this, I think: the excellence of a good body doesn't make the soul good, but the other way around: the excellence of a good soul makes the body as good as it can be.
Neal Shusterman, UnSouled|Do we exist because others perceive our existence, or is, indeed, our own affirmation enough?
Charlotte Eriksson|I want to remember to notice the wonders of each day, in each moment, no matter where I am under any circumstance.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|We become so accustomed to our sins we sometimes lapse into a state of peaceful coexistence with them, but God never ceases to hate them.
Victoria Beckham|Sitting there clapping and smiling... it's difficult. You're like, 'Don't worry about it, you just double faulted, you just played a really dumb point. Keep positive.' Then more clapping. That would annoy me as a player.
George Lucas|My family was musical on both sides. My father's family had a famous flautist and a classical pianist. My mother won a contest to be Shirley Temple's double - she was the diva of the family. At 8, I learned how to play guitar. I used to play songs from the '20s, '30s and '40s in the kitchen for my grandmother.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|The Crazy feeling builds and builds. It never stops, it never ends, there is no relief.
Khalil Gibran|Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Paul Giamatti|io9 was the last standalone site that Gawker Media ever launched. It was born at a time when many of the company's other famous sites, from Consumerist and Wonkette to Fleshbot and Idolator, were being sold off or shuttered.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|Think of Shakespeare and Melville and you think of thunder, lightning, wind. They all knew the joy of creating in large or small forms, on unlimited or restricted canvases. These are the children of the gods.
Eraldo Banovac|They were tough and sour, but as Pushkin said, 'Dearer to us than a host of truths is an exalting illusion.' I saw a happy man, whose cherished dream had so obviously come true, who had attained his goal in life, had gotten what he wanted, who was content with his fate and with himself. For some reason there had always been something sad mixed with my thoughts about human happiness, but now, at the sight of a happy man, I was overcome by an oppressive feeling close to despair.- Gooseberries
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The temptations and reactions that can cause non-creativity, imbalance and distraction are many. Let’s start with the prejudice everyone has against imposed challenges. It’s a concept that people associate with an accusation, a kind of guilty until proven innocent. Or, you’re not good enough until you prove it, with the implication behind this that you will probably fail or are unworthy. If you settle for this association at the expense of perceiving the actuality and necessity of challenge, or Creative Resistance, in hundreds or thousands of situations in every day of your life, and in anything worthy of your attention, you bought into the illusion sold basically to keep you small, in control, like those and safe for those who sell it.
Helen  Ingram|A Soul Mate offers an invitation to fall in love with yourself, so that you are able to open your heart to another. Do you dare?
Oliver Sacks, Uncle Tungsten|From early childhood his mother had taught him that to discuss in public a profound emotional experience-which, in the open air, immediately evanesces and fades, and, oddly, becomes similar to an analogous experience of one's interlocutor-was not only vulgar, but also a sin against sentiment.
Mary Sage Nguyen|The letter is too belligerent. If I were you, I would state the facts as they were, without the pepper and salt. Abraham Lincoln
Brooke Bida|I think my degrees in Theology and Psychology qualified me for nothing, but probably prepared me for everything.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|As soon as he had departed she directed her attention to the others.“I need a shielded containment box, radiation gloves and a micro welding torch. And a crescent wrench.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|But you will not spare a drop of pity because I am rich? We have death in our gilded courts, too. We have disease and cruelty, and not a breath of air or freedom. You cannot say our lives are easy, any more than I can say yours is. They are lives, and so they are HORRID!
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Whoever can survive the stress involved in every institutional/documentation process, etc in Nigeria can survive anywhere.
Jimmy Carter, The Nobel Peace Prize Lecture|War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn to live together in peace by killing each other's children.
Wynant Davis Hubbard, Fiasco in Ethiopia|As an editor, you develop a B.S. meter—an internal warning system that signals caution about journalism that doesn't feel trustworthy. Sometimes it's a quote or incident that's too perfect —a feeling I always had when reading stories by Stephen Glass in the New Republic. Sometimes it's too many errors of fact, the overuse of anonymous sources, or signs that a reporter hasn't dealt fairly with people or evidence. And sometimes it's a combination of flaws that produces a ring of falsity, the whiff of a bad egg. There's no journalist who sets off my bullshit alarm like Ron Suskind.
Paul Harvey|I want to explore the world properly, to be able to write about and take pictures of all kinds of different cultures. Just be an explorer or adventurer. I also love extreme sports.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|A lady came up to me one day and said 'Sir! You are drunk', to which I replied 'I am drunk today madam, and tomorrow I shall be sober but you will still be ugly.
W. E. B. Du Bois|Getting bogged down in old stories stops the flow of learning by censoring our perceptions, making us functionally deaf and blind to new information. Once the replay button gets pushed, we no longer form new ideas or conclusions - the old ones are so cozy.
Enda Kenny|The legal right of the Southern people to reclaim their fugitives I have constantly admitted. The legal right of Congress to interfere with their institution in the states, I have constantly denied.
Henry H. Neff|And so the problem remained; lots of the people were mean, and most of them were miserable, even the ones with digital watches. Many were increasingly of the opinion that they'd all made a big mistake in coming down from the treesin the first place. And some said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that no one should ever have left the oceans.
Wes Adamson|When it comes to giving, some people stop at nothing.
Aidan Chambers|I asked Geertrui the other day what she thought love is-real love, true love. She said that for her real love is observing another person and being observed by another person with complete attention. If she's right, you only have to look at the pictures Rembrandt painted of Titus, and there are quite a lot, to see that they loved each other. Because that is what you're seeing. Complete attention, one of the other..."but in that case," he said, speaking the words as the thought came to him, "all art is love, because all art is about looking closely, isn't it? Looking closely at what's being painted.""The artist looking closely while he paints, the viewer looking closely at what has been painted. I agree. All true art, yes. Painting, Writing-literature-also. I think it is. And bad art is a failure to observe with complete attention. So, you see why I like the history of art. It's the study of how to observe life with complete attention. It's the history of love.
John Wells|What do I like in a girl? I like a girl that likes me, a girl that knows how to smile and see the bright side of things. A girl that makes me a better person.
Diane  Hall|Whose are all these ghosts?” she said, smiling at a flustered-looking Geraldine. “Oh,” said Geraldine, “I think they might be mine...?
Victoria Kahler, Capturing the Sunset|The air was warm and heavy as sprinkles began to fall from the clouds high above. The Triton glided through the waters and the whoosh of the ship combined with the steady beat of the rain to make a concerto, like a pianist fluttering his fingers on the keys at one end and running his fingers up and down the scales at the other. Expectancy hung in the air as the tune moved to a crescendo.
Dada Bhagwan|The talk that does not touch the world is called alaukik [that, which is beyond the world].
Nabil N. Jamal|Once you “believe” that you can do it and do take the first step forward, stop doubting yourself.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|In that moment, it felt like we were the entire world. Just me and those gorgeous stars.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|I've got two neptunes here," said Harry after a while, frowning down at his piece of parchment, "that can't be right, can it?""Aaaaah," said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney's mystical whisper, "when two neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry..."Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, sniggered loudly, though not loud enough to mask the excited squeals from Lavender Brown- "Oh Professor, look! I think I might've gotten an unexpected planet! Oooh, which one's that, Professor?""It is Uranus, my dear," said Professor Trelawney, peering down at the chart."Can I get a look at Uranus too, Lavender?" said Ron.
Guy Finley|When you hold onto a script that doesn't serve you, you leave no space to write a new one that does.
Sylvia Plath|I tried to imagine what it would be like if Constantin were my husband.It would mean getting up at seven and cooking him eggs and bacon and toast andcoffee and dawdling about in my nightgown and curlers after he'd left for work to wash up the dirty plates and make the bed, and then when he came home after a lively, fascinating day he'd expect a big dinner, and I'd spend the evening washing up even more dirty plates till I fell into bed, utterly exhausted. This seemed a dreary and wasted life for a girl with fifteen years of straight A's, but I knew that's what marriage was like, because cook and clean and wash was just what Buddy Willard's mother did from morning till night, and she was the wife of a university professor and had been a private school teacher herself.
Md. Ziaul Haque|As humans dominate the world, then logically someone dominates the entire universe and that ‘someone’ is God!
Echo Bliss|If you're thinking about it, then stop. Because it could be the reason you're having a tough day.
Nora Roberts|If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Debasish Mridha|If you are never the cause of someone's sadness, you will never have difficulties finding happiness.
Dada Bhagwan|Even brahmins [people belonging to the caste who follow ritual practices] will not delve in the past and yet these intellectuals keep remembering, ‘This person cheated me. This man called me stupid!’ The flow of speech is like the flow of water. How can we ask it, ‘How did you come here tumbling down?
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|And the Spring arose on the garden fair,Like the Spirit of Love felt everywhere;And each flower and herb on Earth's dark breastRose from the dreams of its wintry rest.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Her hair was longer than it used to be, and it veiled her shoulders like a shawl. She used it for protection. If there was one thing Sydney knew, it was hair. She loved beauty school and loved working in the salon in Boise. Hair said more about people than they knew, and Sydney understood the language naturally.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Thats the trick of growing up. Nothing stays the same." Hook sounded oddly sympathetic. "You see the faults in everything. Including yourself.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|At the dressing table, every woman has a chance to be an artist, and art, as Aristotle said, "completes what nature left unfinished.
Alice Koller|The drive toward Life is protective, thoughtful, vulnerable, and invested in immaculate love. It is this last that marks the difference between a wise heart muddy with real life experiences in the trenches and a dry heart that functions on rote concepts alone.
Jeaniene Frost|Why don't I just give you a pair of my panties to hang around your neck? Then whenever you feel jealous, you can wave them at whoever's pissing you off.
Albert Jay Nock|In the colonial countries, on the contrary, the policeman and the soldier, by their immediate presence and their frequent and direct action maintain contact with the native and advise him by means of rifle butts and napalm not to budge. It is obvious here that the agents of government speak the language of pure force
Kristie Cook, Wrath|Lovers look in the pants, they look in the eyes.
Paul Klee|I appreciate simplicity, true beauty that lasts over time, and a little wit and eclecticism that make life more fun.
Akshay Vasu|Once you decide to grow out the roses from your heart, and let it spread the roots all over. you should also start to learn to handle the thorns that grow out of their stem.
Isaiah Berlin|All systems in Pakistan appear to be in a haste to achieve something, which can have both positive and negative implications. Let us take a pause and examine the two fundamental questions: One, are we promoting the rule of law and the Constitution? Two, are we strengthening or weakening the institutions?
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|Why were you running?” Gordon looked confused. “I wasn’t going to hurt you.”Bite me,” I told him. He was so going to get charged with assault. I might even have to put a restraining order on his sorry ass. “Oh, wait a minute, you already did bite me, didn’t you… you psycho!”He rolled his eyes. “You’re really going to have to get over that if this relationship is going to have half a chance.
AVA., you are safe here.|i am like the moon--sometimes, full.sometimes, black.sometimes,forever and ever alone.
Katee Sackhoff|I like to work. The self-esteem and satisfaction that I get from working makes me a better person, which makes me a better mom.
William Travis, at the Alamo|The eyes of hope looking over the flare of the hood into the maw with its white line feeding in straight as an arrow, the lighting of fresh cigarettes, the buckling to lean forward to the next adventure something that's been going on in America ever since the covered wagons clocked the deserts in three months flat—
Christina Perri, A Thousand Years|This is how it works: you're young until you're not. You love until you don't, you try until you can't, you laugh until you cry, you cry until you laugh. And everyone must breathe until their dying breath. This is how it works: you peer inside yourself, you take the things you like and try to love the things you don't. And then you take that love you make and stick it into someone else's heart pumping someone else's blood.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.
A Gentlemen|precious laughing time is wasted, because I have to put up with Satan's stupid minions who smile without attempting to anger somebody else - leave us alone already.
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|Marriages are for the grownup people. Fortunately or unfortunately, I am not yet the one!
William Shakespeare|Oh, those grumblers! They all take principles as motives and dare not follow their desires.
Billy Graham|I am proud. It will get me into trouble someday, but today it makes me brave
Chaz Bufe, Anarchism: What It Is & What It Isn't|Anarchism is not chaos; Anarchism is not rejection of organization. This is another popular misconception, repeated ad nauseam by the corporate media and by anarchism's political foes, especially Marxists (who sometimes know better).
Kerri Maniscalco, Hunting Prince Dracula|I will gladly accept any and all books, however. A person can never have too much reading material. Especially on a fall or winter evening. If you’re feeling extra generous, you may include tea. I love a unique blend.
Joyce Banda|Leadership consists not in degrees of technique but in traits of character; it requires moral rather than athletic or intellectual effort, and it imposes on both leader and follower alike the burdens of self-restraint.
Sarvesh Murthi .D.D|Tick-Tock Tick-Tock Memory The tick tock tick tocks goes the clockThe memory in my heart not aged but I am aged,As the tick tock tick tock goes on.
Gary Snyder, A Place in Space: Ethics, Aesthetics, and Watersheds|Here is perhaps the most delicious turn that comes out of thinking about politics from the standpoint of place: anyone of any race, language, religion, or origin is welcome, as long as they live well on the land. The great Central Valley region does not prefer English over Spanish or Japanese or Hmong. If it had any preferences at all, it might best like the languages it has heard for thousands of years, such as Maidu or Miwok, simply because it is used to them. Mythically speaking, it will welcome whomever chooses to observe the etiquette, express the gratitude, grasp the tools, and learn the songs that it takes to live there.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|In matters of grave importance, style, not sincerity, is the vital thing.
Colson Whitehead, The Colossus of New York|I would stay in New York, I told him, just six months, and I could see the Brooklyn Bridge from my window. As it turned out the bridge was the Triborough, and I stayed eight years.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|A man is deficient in understanding until he perceives that there is a whole cycle of evolution possible within himself: repeating endlessly, offering opportunities for personal development.
Joss Whedon|Discovery of one’s self, of one’s specific individual powers and potential capacities, learning how to develop them and use them as a socialized human being that cares about the needs of other individuals—would have to become the primary task of a new humanist education.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|The government enforces a monopoly over the production and distribution of its alleged 'services' and brings violence to bear against would-be competitors. In so doing, it reveals the fraud at the heart of its impudent claims and gives sufficient proof that it is not a genuine protector, but a mere protection racket.
|You can never please everyone you cross paths with, but there is no excuse not to satisfy your positive inner-self.
Serena Grey, Rebellion|In the spring of her twenty-second year, Sumire fell in love for the first time in her life. An intense love, a veritable tornado sweeping across the plains—flattening everything in its path, tossing things up in the air, ripping them to shreds, crushing them to bits. The tornado’s intensity doesn’t abate for a second as it blasts across the ocean, laying waste to Angkor Wat, incinerating an Indian jungle, tigers and everything, transforming itself into a Persian desert sandstorm, burying an exotic fortress city under a sea of sand. In short, a love of truly monumental proportions. The person she fell in love with happened to be 17 years older than Sumire. And was married. And, I should add, was a woman. This is where it all began, and where it all ended. Almost.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible condemns the use of any substance which alters or distorts our thinking (including alcohol, which was the most common drug in ancient times).
Morgan Parker, Hope|Sometimes love brings us into the darkest corners of our lives," he told me. But we survive because love guides us through the fears and uncertainties. And other times, love brings us to the brightest sunshine, the most absolute happiness we have ever known.
Joshua Foer, Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything|When we first hear [a] word, we start putting these associational hooks into it that make it easier to fish it back out at some later date.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Save|Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.
Lee Child, Personal|Commerce tends toward rewarding inclusion, broadness, and liberality. Tribal loyalties, ethnic and religious bigotries, and irrational prejudices are bad for business. The merchant class has been conventionally distrusted by tribalist leaders -- from the ancient to the modern world -- precisely because merchantcraft tends to break down barriers between groups.
Benyf, 11.11.11 After so Many Years of Tears: Letters to My Distant Soul-Mate|It is amazing how women spend too much time and energy scheming, plotting and seducing men when they should spend more time listening, learning and getting over desperation.
John M. McHugh|On what rests the hope of the republic? One country, one language, one flag!
Colleen Bader|Sometimes, beyond all else, should be a true passion and investment in driving the result and a lack of fear associated with making it happen.
Thomas E. Sniegoski, The Fallen and Leviathan|Beautiful men and women with distorted shadows came and scorched their handprints onto doors before vanishing skyward, drafts of heat billowing behind them with the whumph of unseen wings. Here and there, feathers fell, and they were like tufts of white fire, disintegrating to ash as soon as they touched the ground.
Estwick Evans|How great are the advantages of solitude! -- How sublime is the silence of nature's ever-active energies? There is something in the very name of wilderness, which charms the ear, and soothes the spirit of man. There is religion in it.
Sarah Beth Durst|She'd always been a little excitable, a little more passionate about books than your average person, but she was supposed to be -- she was a librarian, after all.
Vivek Thangaswamy|The people who believe in God are several types. When life gone crazy, nothing happened how they expected to happen, then some believer start blaming and scolding the God. Some start praying and chanting to the God. Instead of chanting, scolding, praying, blaming, etc. Start thinking on your life, what went wrong and how you can fix it. That will give you better future to your life.
William S. Burroughs|We all steal, but if we're smart we steal from great directors. Then, we can call it influence.
José Saramago, The Tale of the Unknown Island|It's funny, but have you ever noticed that the more special something is, the more people seem to take it for granted? It's like they think it won't ever change. Just like this house here. All it ever needed was a little attention, and it would never have ended up like this in the first place.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Half of what we do depends on how smart we are, the other half depends upon how we do it
M.K. Schiller, The Do-Over|The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Gabriel’s green eyes sought Will. “It was demon pox, wasn’t it? You know all about it, don’t you? Aren’t you some sort of expert?”“Well, you needn’t act as if I invented it,” said Will.
Sebastian Thrun|So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me|To truly try means to accept God's love, his healing, to accept the world can be ugly, but your heart doesn't have to be. It takes courage, Finley the warrior. You haven't held on to your anger and bitterness in search of healing, but as a banner of your hurt. Because it's real and visible and strong, " she said. "But so is God's love and so are those arms he's holding out for you.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|There is a sense of danger in leaving what you know, even if what you know isn’t much. These mill towns with their narrow lanes and often narrow minds were all I really knew and I feared that if I left it behind, I would lose it and not find anything to replace it. The other reason I didn’t want to go was because I wanted to be the kind of person who stays, who builds a stable and predictable life. But I wasn’t one of the people, nor would I ever be.  I had a vision for my life. It wasn’t clear, but it was beautiful and involved leaving my history and my poverty behind me. I wasn’t happy about who I was or where I was, but I didn’t worry about it. It didn’t define me. We’re always in the making. God always has us on his anvil, melting, bending and shaping us for another purpose.  It was time to change, to find a new purpose.
Jess C. Scott, Rockstar|If money’s the god people worship, I’d rather go worship the devil instead.
Thaddeus Nowak, Mother's Curse|If you wanted to be average, you would not be reading this book.
Shannon L. Alder|Accomplishments don’t erase shame, hatred, cruelty, silence, ignorance, discrimination, low self-esteem or immorality. It covers it up, with a creative version of pride and ego. Only restitution, forgiving yourself and others, compassion, repentance and living with dignity will ever erase the past.
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|I nearly had a cakegasm at the table. My eyes rolled back in my head, and I moaned. "Sweet Christ." I opened my eyes to find Hunter watching me with the strangest expression on his face."What? It's really good; you should try some," I said, pushing the plate at him. It was a testament of how embarrassed I was about the cakegasm that I was even sharing at all."I swear, if there weren't a table between us, I would be kissing you right now. And none too gently."I put my form down and swallowed so I wouldn't choke. "You didn't seem to mind about the recliner," I said. "True. But there wan't an audience, and that's a very ugly recliner. This is a very nice table. Also there is glass and sharp things I wouldn't want hurting you.""Good point. Please, have some.""If you're going to make that noise and that face again, I don't know if I can let you have any more.""I'll be good. I swear.""You're not good. That's the problem.""You're right. I'm not," I said, giving him my own smirk. "I do try, though.""Cruel. That's the word to describe you right now.""Just have some cake.
Elizabeth George|Gentleness is strength under control. It is the ability to stay calm, no matter what happens.
David  Lake, Tears of Glass|I spend these days in confusion, trying my best to fathom the significance of that shade.... Trying to fathom the suitable answers to my ambiguities, if they can be called as such." - Basil
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The tangible and factual components of reality along with the intangible strands of memory and imagination constitute the framework that houses our vital life force. A person is likewise composed of contradictory and complementary forces of pain and pleasure, darkness and lightness, and clashing and harmonizing bands of thoughts and feelings. The web and root of all persons consists of both the expressible and the unsayable. Who has not held imaginary conversations with gods, devils, and spirits? Persons whom enthusiastically cultivate an inner life, ardently experience the quick of nature, and willingly immerse themselves in all aspects of everyday living will experience renewal. Analogous to the heat source of fire, we need the spark of desire to fuel our hearts and the spirit of the breeze to spread our heart songs.
Michael Buffalo Smith, Prisoner of Southern Rock: A Memoir|In the baby’s roomThe city lights areMilkyIn the curtains… Breath Gentle as rain, Sleep Quiet as snowflakes
Khloe Kardashian|For different roles, my condition and training and diet does alter. Depending on the role, it will really dictate the type of training I do.
jessic lawson|The meal was delectable, with courses of consomme and leeks, cold poached salmon with bergamot mousseline sauce and cucumbers, curried game meats, mutton joint with savory stuffering, roasted duckling and pheasant and squab with herbed root vegetables, and so on. Tabitha, whose finest meals had consisted largely of tinned meats and powered custard, nearly wept at the smells and textures and tastes flooding her senses.
T.H. White, The Candle in the Wind|I was kidding. Even I'm not that promiscuous. You guru people have no sense of humor.”“I'm not a guru people, and I happen to have a very well developed sense of humor. Why else would I still be talking to you?
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|Bible publishers are not selling Bibles. What they're selling is that iconic idea of the Bible. Their value-added biblical content promises to provide answers to questions, solutions to problems, and speaks in no uncertain terms about God's plan for your life and how to live it. Adding value to the Bible almost always means adding "biblical" values that are either missing or really hard to find in the Bible itself but that provide that feeling of Bibleness so many seek.
Charles Darwin, The Life & Letters of Charles Darwin|We may fondly imagine that we are impartial seekers after truth, but with a few exceptions, to which I know that I do not belong, we are influenced—and sometimes strongly—by our personal bias; and we give our best thoughts to those ideas which we have to defend.
Shannon L. Alder|If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When you pray you rise to meet in the air those who are praying at that very hour, and whom save in prayer you may not meet.
Serge Schmemann|Some people say it might be good for your career to die and then come back again. I have died many ways, car crashes, motorcycle crashes, etc. But, I am still alive.
Karen Hitchcock, Dear Life: On Caring for the Elderly|No one wants to go into a nursing home. My patients fear it; families often feel terrible guilt when the time comes: it is thought of as an abandonment. Nursing homes are where we place our bad outcomes, our frail, our no-longer-independents. They are places people go to wait safely to die. The old doubly incontinents. You might have stood up to Stalin, you might still read Tolstoy, but if you're losing it from both the front and back and you're not a two-year-old, you're going to be hidden away. "Don't know the nursing homes, they do a pretty good job," a geriatrician said to me. And most of the time they perform their function: as a holding bay for old people. Most of the time.
James Rozoff|Facts, like living things, have a value in and of themselves and demand respect. Yet some people use them as means to an end, and dismiss them as soon as they are done using them.
Henry James|The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|I am not a teacher, but I am a friend who likes to kindle your heart and awaken your mind.
Dada Bhagwan|Difference of opinion is a clash, and to clash is a ‘weakness’.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|We labor under so many illusions about ourselves until we're stripped bare. Being infected, being a vampire, it's always you. Maybe it's more you than ever before. You, distilled. You, boiled down like a sauce. But it's you as you always were, deep down inside.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the situation demands action, know the end of the action before you start the action
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|It was a remarkable realization to Eby, that we are what we're taught. That was why the Morris women were what they were. It was because they knew no different.
Anonymous|The strong man is not one who is good at wrestling, but the strong man is one who controls himself in a fit of rage.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|One only understands the things that one tames,” said the fox. “Men haveno more time to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at theshops. But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and somen have no friends any more. If you want a friend, tame me. . .
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|I would make it a rule to eradicate from my patient any strong personal taste which is not actually a sin, even if it is something quite trivial such as a fondness for county cricket or collecting stamps or drinking cocoa. Such things, I grant you, have nothing of virtue in them; but there is a sort of innocence and humility and self-forgetfulness about them which I distrust. The man who truly and disinterestedly enjoys any one thing in the world, for its own sake, and without caring twopence what other people say about it, is by that very fact fore-armed against some of our subtlest modes of attack. You should always try to make the patient abandon the people or food or books he really likes in favour of the “best” people, the “right” food, the “important” books.
Said Nursi|Mindfulness helps you go home to the present. And every time you go there and recognize a condition of happiness that you have, happiness comes.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|This was Jace being brave. Simon thought, brave and snarky because he thought Lilith was going to kill him, and that was the way he wanted to go, unafraid and on his feet. Like a warrior. The way Shadowhunters did. His death song would always be this-jokes and snideness and pretend arrogance, and that look in his eyes that said 'I'm better than you'. Simon just hadn't realized it before.
Christina Rossetti, Goblin Market and Other Poems|only kindness that raises its headfrom the crowd of the world to sayit is I you have been looking for,and then goes with you everywherelike a shadow or a friend.
Adeline Yen Mah|Success shouldn't be revenge or a way to overwhelm the naysayers. If that is your reason, you are far from being content.
Silence|The constant talker will never, or a least rarely, grasp truth. Of course even he must experience some truths, otherwise he could not exist. He does notice certain facts, observe certain relations, draw conclusions and make plans. But he does not yet possess genuine truth, which comes into being only when the essence of an object, the significance of a relaton, and what is valid and eternal in this world reveal themselves. This requires the spacousness, freedom, and pure receptiveness of that inner “clean-swept room” whilch silence alone can create
Emily Weiss|Ultimately, I think the #1 thing that draws me to someone is their sense of freedom. Freedom and confidence are two different things, in my book. Confidence is overrated — it can be faked, whereas freedom is fearlessness.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|That you were able to walk away, gives me my answer as plain as day.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
Gretchen Rubin|Everyone thinks I'm this jock of a woman, but I didn't play any sports. I didn't even let my kids play baseball because I was afraid they were going to get hit by balls.
Laurie Garrett|I've always been privileged to play for Coach Belichick, who I've always said is the best coach in the history of the league.
Jimmy Buffett|All fled—all done, so lift me on the pyre—The Feast is over, and the lamps expire.
Leo Tolstoy, What Is Art?|To evoke in oneself a feeling one has once experienced, and having evoked it in oneself, then by means of movements, lines, colors, sounds, or forms expressed in words, so to transmit that feeling that others may experience the same feeling - this is the activity of art.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|– and pompous fools drive me up the wall. Ordinary fools are alright; you can talk to them and try to help them out. But pompous fools – guys who are fools and covering it all over and impressing people as to how wonderful they are with all this hocus pocus – THAT, I CANNOT STAND! An ordinary fool isn’t a faker; an honest fool is all right. But a dishonest fool is terrible!
John Green, Paper Towns|As far as I can tell, there are two basic (kissing) rules: 1. Don't bite anything without permission. 2. The human tongue is like wasabi: it's very powerful, and should be used sparingly.
G.A. Aiken, How to Drive a Dragon Crazy|Talaith leaned forward, studied her youngest daughter. “You think you’re evil?”“Pure evil,” Izzy clarified, which got her a rather vicious glare from Rhi. An expression Dagmar had never thought the young,perpetually smiling or sobbing girl was capable of.“Why would you think you’re evil?”“It’s a feeling I have.”“No. Someone told her.”Rhi glowered at her sister. “I never said that.”“You didn’t have to,” Izzy shot back. “I know you.”“Well, who told her that?” Talaith demanded.And, as one, they all turned and looked at Gwenvael.He blinked, sat up straight. “I would never say such a thing to my dear sweet niece!”“You said it to me,” Talwyn snapped.“That’s because you’re not my dear sweet niece. You’re the rude little cow who threw a knife at my head.”“I wasn’t aiming for you. I was aiming for Mum.”“She’s right,” Annwyl admitted. “I just ducked behind you.” She shrugged. “Sorry.
Sunday Adelaja|To maximize time is to make sure that every second, minute and hour counts
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|If the requirements of world-structure are so inexorable, what scope is there for a free providence in distributing pleasures and pains? If pains are the natural rubs of a world-structure bearing on sentient creatures, what need have we to view them as instruments of a disciplinary providence?
Lauren Myracle, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Can you just trust in our love, without asking me to prove it every single second?
|Behind every self-made person are blood, sweat and tears.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Lying flat on my back, with my toes dipped into the lake, I stared at the stars for a second. I guess I should have pondered their beauty and realized the rarity of a sky unsaturated by city lights, or something. But it occurred to me that you could probably see stars from the vast majority of the earth. It was city lights that were actually rare.
Maggie O'Farrell, This Must Be the Place|Look, they're wearing light blue gauzy frozen superhero capes because I have told them that Anna is a junior superhero with a black sister and a gay brother- both of whom are off ruling other countries because, y'know, they have jobs. You do your mothering your way. I'll do my mothering mine .
Miranda July, It Chooses You|When you don't know where you're going, maybe it wasn't such a bad thing to have more than you need.
T. Mountebank|… as General Berringer would readily admit, “If you’re in a fair fight, I’ve done something wrong.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|She gazed at the bay of wrecked shuttles in dismay. The last of her adrenaline seeped away at the sight of the widespread destruction.It occurred to her then, for perhaps the first time in this long nightmare, that she was going to die.
James  Oswald, Natural Causes|Neighbours complaining about someone’s dog making an awful racket. You could hardly blame the poor beast, its owner had died in her bed at least a fortnight before and there hadn’t been much left of the old girl worth eating.
Joyce Meyer|Dragon kind was no less cruel than mankind. The Dragon, at least, acted from bestial need rather than bestial greed.”~ A thought by Lessa ~
Andrea Randall, In the Stillness|And that for every negative event or coincidence that has happened since, imagining that you triggered them, that you made them happen makes you feel like you possess a degree of control that you don't have.
Philip Sington, The Valley of Unknowing|Desire is an appetite, quickly sated. Longing is a wound, an opening in the heart or the spirit. Whatever the cause, whatever the duration, it almost always leaves a scar.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|I hesitate in everything, often without knowing why. How often I've sought – as my own version of the straight line, seeing it in my mind as the ideal straight line – the longest distance between two points. I've never had a knack for the active life. I've always taken wrong steps that no one else takes; I've always had to make an effort to do what comes naturally to other people. I've always wanted to achieve what others have achieved almost without wanting it. Between me and life there were always sheets of frosted glass that I couldn't tell were there by sight or by touch; I didn't live that life or that dimension. I was the daydream of what I wanted to be, and my dreaming began in my will: my goals were always the first fiction of what I never was.
Stephen Elliott, Happy Baby|You'd be amazed how much fun you can have if you get out of your own head. The problem is that now people are only interested in themselves. What we have is a non-voting generation. That's what they should call you guys, the non-voting generation. You think you can't fix anything until you fix yourselves. Well, let me be the first to tell you, you will never fix yourselves.p.32 
Rafael Nadal|Be patient, work hard and consistently, have faith in your writing, and don't be afraid to listen to constructive criticism.
Shannon Sorrels, ...then just stay fat.|Maintain a balance life: Nurture your physical, emotional, and spiritual needs.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|Meaning 'by way of the anus'. 'Per Annum', with two n's, means 'yearly'. The correct answer to the question, 'What is the birthrate per anum?' is zero (one hopes).
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|I know when a festival comes,I'm just searching for a beautiful birthday quote for her.
Matt Haig|I give myself a cheat day where I annihilate my diet. I'm an all-American girl, so I go for a burger and fries and a shake.
Dominic Riccitello|He said he liked my rhythm. I said I liked his heartbeat, and it was within that moment I knew our corners would never meet.
Hans Christian Andersen, The Little Mermaid|But a mermaid has no tears, and therefore she suffers so much more.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|What is natural, needs to be looked upon, scrutinized and reshaped by each generation of the world, to make it compatible with the path of progress of a civilized society.
James M. Cain, The Butterfly|The words of the bards come down the centuries to us, warm with living breath.
Maggie Stiefvater|being stubborn is not a bad thing, it shows determination.
Walter Payton, Never Die Easy: The Autobiography of Walter Payton|When you win, you don't examine it very much, except to congratulate yourself. You easily, and wrongly, assume it has something to do with your rare qualities as a person. But winning only measures how hard you've worked and how physically talented you are; it doesn't particularly define you beyond those characteristics.Losing on the other hand, really does say something about who you are. Among other things it measures are: do you blame others, or do you own the loss? Do you analyze your failure, or just complain about bad luck?If you're willing to examine failure, and to look not just at your outward physical performance, but your internal workings, too, losing can be valuable. How you behave in those moments can perhaps be more self-defining than winning could ever be. Sometimes losing shows you for who you really are.
Spuds Crawford|A dam doesn't try to reason with the water. Its main purpose is to hold it still for a while. When I lecture my kids I'm doing much the same thing. I'm not trying to necessarily reason with them, just hold them still for a short while.
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|Now I realized that life supplies us with everything we need for the journey. Everything I had acquired either actively or passively, everything I had learned either voluntarily or by osmosis, was coming back to me as the real riches of my life, even though I had lost everything.
Allan Amanyire|To understand what happened in Zimbabwe its worth trying to see things through the Zimbabwean people prism for a moment. Immune from the propaganda and the western media mind- bend. The real issues started a long, long time ago before the current regimes. Those who came bearing greed and seeking to rip off the cradle of Sub-Saharan Africa orchestrated the demise the people of Zimbabwe found themselves reeling in
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|In keeping with your policy of bringing Pollution the latest in death and violence, and in living colour, there’s going to be something entirely different… death without remediation.
Derek Landy, Dark Days|The small woman Builds cages for everyone She Knows. While the sage, Who has to duck her head When the moon is low, Keeps dropping keys all night long For the Beautiful Rowdy Prisoners (Courtesy of my dear friend, Conni)
Morgan Matson, Second Chance Summer|As I looked out at the water, I realized there was nowhere to go, nowhere left to run. And I just had to stay here facing this terrible truth. I felt, as more tears fell, just how tired I was, a tiredness that had nothing to do with the hour. I was tired of running from this, tired of pretending that things were okay when they had never, ever been less okay.
Joni Mitchell|In search of love and music my whole life has beenIlluminationCorruptionAnd diving, diving, diving, diving down To pick up on every shiny thing
Andrew Sullivan|In this nonfundamentalist understanding of faith, practice is more important than theory, love more important than law, and mystery is seen as an insight into truth rather than an obstacle. It is the great lie of our time that all religious faith has to be fundamentalist to be valid.
Shannon L. Alder|Before you call yourself a Christian, Buddhist, Muslim, Hindu or any other theology, learn to be human first.
|When you have an unshakeable faith in what you seek, the length of its journey becomes irrelevant.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you see a big danger ahead, don’t start running immediately; because it may be the challenge that at the end you shall become stronger than ever before! Do not avoid every danger!
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Stand tall and be proud. Realize confidence is charismatic and something that is something money can't buy, it radiates from within you.
Joseph Fink, Mostly Void, Partially Stars|We have big dreams - sometimes scary, unforgettable dreams that repeat on the same date every year and are shared by every person in town - but we make those big dreams come true. Remember the clock tower? It took eight years and $23 million to build, and despite its invisibility and constant teleportation, it is a lovely structure that keeps impeccable time.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|Rosa had achieved the sort of serene and confident happiness that Tamsin had never really known. She was connected to Roberto in a way that made Tamsin long for something similar. A man with whom she could share all parts of her life, someone to be her equal and her inspiration.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Don’t be a shallow person. Do everything with zealous devotion, as you would do it for Christ
Harper Lee|...life is a continual process of learning, working hard, rising up, and then being humbled. Sliding over, then sliding over again. And again.
Al Franken|There is - I mean - I found early in life that righteous indignation is a little off-putting, and so I try to couch it with humor.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Assured of your salvation by the unique grace of our Lord Jesus Christ" is the heartbeat of the gospel, joyful liberation from fear of the Final Outcome, a summons to self-acceptance, and freedom for a life of compassion toward others.
Carole Glickfeld, Swimming Toward the Ocean: A Novel|You know, happiness isn't a permanent state. Neither is unhappiness. There's a flow, back and forth
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|Religion used to be the opium of the people. To those suffering humiliation, pain, illness, and serfdom, religion promised the reward of an after life. But now, we are witnessing a transformation, a true opium of the people is the belief in nothingness after death, the huge solace, the huge comfort of thinking that for our betrayals, our greed, our cowardice, our murders, we are not going to be judged.
Laren Grey Umphlett, The Power of Perception|And it was the speed that provided some solace. For if it moved like that, it would always move like that, and somehow, because of it, things change, somehow things end.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering among innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge.
Carolyn Weber, Surprised by Oxford|It is a fundamental misperception," Fouts says to me, "to think human life has more value than any other life form.
Piers Anthony, Juxtaposition|For an instant Stile was daunted by the improbability of it all: a man, a cyborg, a robot, an animalhead, and a wooden golem, all riding unicorns through a battlefield strewn with goblins and dragons, pursuing an invaluable ball of power-rock that rolled along a channel cleared by plastic explosive. What a mishmash!
William A. Dembski|In Europe they call geeks 'smart people,' and frankly I think we live in a culture that doesn't value intelligence enough; so I am very proud in saying that I am a geek.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|It is easy to live for others, everybody does. I call on you to live for yourself.
Julia Serano, Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity|Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
Tiffany Madison|We sensible often resist intrusive love and its chaos practically, employing measures to prevent the former for fear of the latter. But for all our wit and work, that desperation for control also prevents the pure, transcendental freedom more often delivered by both.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Any happiness, no matter how brief, seemed better than the long, simmering torture of waking up day after day, knowing I could never have him.
Paige Tyler, Her Fierce Warrior|Did you see that bison on the wall there? He’s so big. And so cute.”Angelo grinned. “I thought you might say that. That’s why I got a smaller version.” He took the plush animal from inside his jacket, where he’d been hiding it, and placed it on the table. “This is Ted.”Minka’s eyes glistened with tears as she stared at it. Crap, what had he done wrong? He’d thought she’d love it.But then she grabbed the toy in one hand, threw her arms around Angelo, and squeezed him so hard his ribs creaked.“Thank you,” she said against his chest. “He’s perfect.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|And in an apartment on the other side of town, everyone wakes up with a start when the hound in the first-floor flat, without any warning, starts howling. Louder and more heartrendingly than anything they have ever heard coming out of the primal depths of any animal. As if it is singing with the sorrow and yearning of an eternity of ten thousand fairy tales. It howls for hours, all through the night, until dawn. And when the morning light seeps into the hospital room, Elsa wakes up in Granny's arms. But Granny is still in Miamas.
Emily Thorne|They say in Zen, waking up to life requires three things: great faith, great doubt, and great effort. Faith isn’t a way of going to sleep. It’s the work of waking up. And, in order to wake up, you’ll need both great faith and great doubt. In itself, doubt is neither good nor bad. Its value depends on what you do with it. You can doubt what’s real in order to stay asleep or you can doubt your daydreams in order to wake up. You can use doubt to protect you from the truth or you can use doubt to leave you vulnerable to it. You’ll have doubts regardless. Repurpose them for the sake of faith. Saving doubt is a strong solvent that can burn holes in your [worldview] and lead you back to the work of being faithful to life and, thus, to God. Practicing doubt for the sake of faith is hard work and it demands great effort. Great faith, great doubt, great effort.
Paul Twitchell|One of the things I've always liked about my husband is he's very good at lots of stuff. He was an English teacher when I met him. He wrote poetry and played the guitar. As time went on, he decided to go into economics, so he's very analytical and mathematical in addition to his artsy side.
David Foster Wallace, Girl With Curious Hair|An introverted person obviously affected by her past. Lived alone, had no sex life, had difficulty getting close to people. Kept her distance, and when she let loose there was no restraint. She chose a stranger for a lover.
Douglas Coupland|A large part of mankind is angry not with the sins, but with the sinners.
Mili Fay, Warriors of Virtue Epic YA Fantasy Series Episode 1: Text Edition|If you follow your heart, you will find harmony.
Patti Smith Just Kids|People have all this resentment against their parents for fucking them up, but they never realize, the minute they have a kid, that they cease being the child so fondly victimized in their hearts and start being the benighted perpetrators of unfathomable pain.
Yanan Melo, Aggressing the Predatory Lions|You're a good man," Fang said. "You're the last good man in this whole town. All the good that could be squeezed out of this forsaken place was used to make you. That's why you're so small, my friend: there just wasn't that much left." Fang laughed. "and that's why you can see us, you know, and nobody else can. You see everybody, even that lumberjack.
John Green|Nerd girls are the world’s most underutilized romantic resource. And guys, do not tell me that nerd girls are not hot because that shows a Paris Hilton-esque failure to understand hotness.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Betrayal|Shakespeare might have said, we are "consumed with that with which we are nourished by.
Ted Nugent|We've got fifty people at Gitmo that are too dangerous to be let go that will never go through a normal criminal trial. Let's create a new legal system, so they'll have their day in court.
David Foster Wallace|The fact that for a long time Cubism has not been understood and that even today there are people who cannot see anything in it means nothing. I do not read English, an English book is a blank book to me. This does not mean that the English language does not exist. Why should I blame anyone but myself if I cannot understand what I know nothing about?" -Pablo Picasso.
Thomas Szasz|People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself. But the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.
Simon Sinek|Teamwork makes the dream work, but a vision becomes a nightmare when the leader has a big dream and a bad team.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The death of a man brings a stop to his life, but not an end to his destiny. When destiny is well fulfilled, impacts linger behind as at the time life goes to hide!
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|There’s a point on a runway during take-o that a plane reaches V1 speed. Once it passes V1, it has reached the point of no return. The point where take-o cannot be aborted. It has to take o . Or crash. In order to determine its V1 speed every plane will factor in its weight, wind-speed, weather conditions, slope, length of runway etc. So although there’s not a physical line drawn on each runway, it’s there.
Crystal Kadakia, The Millennial Myth: Transforming Misunderstanding Into Workplace Breakthroughs|Instead of complaining about adapting for millennials, it’s imperative for leaders and managers to acknowledge the role of millennial behavior as an indication of the needs of the modern workplace to attract, leverage, and retain modern talent.
Henry David Thoreau|I attained a triumph so complete that it is now rare to meet an American with marks of small pox on his face... Benefits are valuable according to their duration and extent... but the benign remedy Vaccination saves millions of lives every century, like the [gift] of the sun, universal and everla
Henrietta Newton Martin Legal Consultant|In the wake of prevalent child rape and child abuse cases reported and unreported; Infliction of “Death Penalty” for child rape irrespective of the degree of offence or homicide , and rigorous penalty for child molestation, would serve as an excellent deterrent mechanismDebates on Human Rights to the perpetrator of the crime on the question of infliction of death penalty should be cordoned off taking into consideration the aftermath of sexual assault /rape of a child exposed to the Pandora’s pack of resilience
William Blake, Jerusalem|Answer this to yourselves, & expel from among you those who pretend to despise the labours of Art & Science, which alone are the labours of the Gospel: Is not this plain & manifest to the thought? Can you think at all, & not pronounce heartily! That to Labour in Knowledge. is to Build up Jerusalem: and to Despise Knowledge, is to Despise Jerusalem & her Builders. And remember: He who despises & mocks a Mental Gift in another; calling it pride & selfishness & sin; mocks Jesus the giver of every Mental Gift. which always appear to the ignorance-loving Hypocrite, as Sins. but that which is a Sin in the sight of cruel Man. is not so in the sight of our kind God.
|It is quite difficult to notice and cherish most of the little blessings in our lives, if one's existence is solely defined by worldly things.
Deborah Blake, Veiled Menace|I leaned back against the headboard and closed my eyes, feeling the inferno flair between us once more. It flickered and pulsed, but my blood was boiling on the inside and Ember was the fire that ignited it.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never know the moon or stars, unless you breathe in their solar system and inspect it from many diverse vantage points as possible.
Debra Dean, The Madonnas of Leningrad|You will be surprised how much punishment the human body can take, if there is enough will - or faith.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|We discover that we are at the same time very insignificant and very important, because each of our actions is preparing the humanity of tomorrow; it is a tiny contribution to the construction of the huge and glorious final humanity
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|It was a place as blank as a sheet of paper. It was the place I had always been looking for... Flat expanses would call to me... These are the places where the desert is most itself: stark, open, free, an invitation to wander, a laboratory of perception, scale, light, a place where loneliness has a luxurious flavor...
Peter Abelard|I am amazed about how everyone wants to know about my love life. They whisper to me, 'Tell me the truth? Is it true?' Who cares? Because we have this job, we are to say to everybody what we do, or with whom we sleep? It's a bit absurd, but that's why everybody lies so much.
G.K. Chesterton, Charles Dickens: A Critical Study|It is currently said that hope goes with youth, and lends to youth its wings of a butterfly; but I fancy that hope is the last gift given to man, and the only gift not given to youth. Youth is pre-eminently the period in which a man can be lyric, fanatical, poetic; but youth is the period in which a man can be hopeless. The end of every episode is the end of the world. But the power of hoping through everything, the knowledge that the soul survives its adventures, that great inspiration comes to the middle-aged; God has kept that good wine until not. It is from the backs of the elderly gentlemen that the wings of the butterfly should burst.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|If customers don’t trust you to help them at the beginning of the sales process, they certainly won’t trust you with their money at the end of it.
Jane Addams|The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned.
Ty Segall|The relationship between 'My Chemical Romance' and Michael Pedicone is over. He was caught red-handed stealing from the band and confessed to police after our show last night in Auburn, Washington. We are heartbroken and sick to our stomachs over this entire situation.
Taylor Swift|Sometimes you have to make choices, and they're imperfect, but they're the only choices you can make and live with yourself.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We create a meaningful life by what we accept as true and by what we create in the pursuit of truth, love, beauty, and adoration of nature.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|You think I started out like this?Well, I didn't.I started out like anyone else - young and hopeful. I started out arrogant and in love, assuming the whole dizzy world was where it should be: at my feet. I started out - well, I started out a little like you.
Iain M. Banks|I love you to the moon and back is a nice thing to say as it means you love someone a hell of a lot but it is not enough to express what I feel for you. The moon is actually visible and the distance to the moon and back is caculatable so in a way limited. So what about I love you to beyond the universe and back instead. It just comes closer to what I feel for you than "to the moon and back".
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Mysterious Murder of Marilyn Monroe|Inequality and poverty, health and wealth are hand in hand. And if we are all born equal that should be true in all lands. We cannot divide the world between poor and rich countries. It's like saying the ones are good, the others are junkies. That can only increase more prejudice, miseries and sorrow. Turning the wheel today it will lead to a better tomorrow.
Elizabeth Isaacs, The Heart of the Ancients: Kailmeyra's Redemption|All true Northerners should bare steel to their enemies, and stand true to the course they have chosen, for when the heart is divided by fear then the battle is already lost.
Dalai Lama XIV, Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World|For a considerable portion of humanity today, it is possible and indeed likely that one's neighbor, one's colleague, or one's employer will have a different mother tongue, eat different food, and follow a different religion than oneself. It is a matter of great urgency, therefore, that we find ways to cooperate with one another in a spirit of mutual acceptance and respect.In such a world, I feel, it is vital for us to find genuinely sustainable and universal approach to ethics, inner values, and personal integrity-an approach that can transcend religious, cultural, and racial differences and appeal to people at a sustainable, universal approach is what I call the project of secular ethics.All religions, therefore, to some extent, ground the cultivation of inner values and ethical awareness in some kind of metaphysical (that is, not empirically demonstrable) understanding of the world and of life after death. And just as the doctrine of divine judgment underlies ethical teachings in many theistic religions, so too does the doctrine of karma and future lives in non-theistic religions.As I see it, spirituality has two dimensions. The first dimension, that of basic spiritual well-being-by which I mean inner mental and emotional strength and balance-does not depend on religion but comes from our innate human nature as beings with a natural disposition toward compassion, kindness, and caring for others. The second dimension is what may be considered religion-based spirituality, which is acquired from our upbringing and culture and is tied to particular beliefs and practices. The difference between the two is something like the difference between water and tea.On this understanding, ethics consists less of rules to be obeyed than of principles for inner self-regulation to promote those aspects of our nature which we recognize as conducive to our own well-being and that of others.It is by moving beyond narrow self-interest that we find meaning, purpose, and satisfaction in life.
Seneca, Consolations|Because the one who wishes it – isn’t the one who, still untouched by the future, stands at the crossroads. Instead, it is the one marked by the future become past who wants to go back to the past, to revoke the irrevocable. And would he want to revoke it if he hadn’t suffered it?
Pope Francis, Encountering Truth: Meeting God in the Everyday|Let's think of that moment when a woman washed the feet of Jesus with the nard, so expensive: it is a religious moment, a moment of gratitude, a moment of love. And he [Judas] stands apart with bitter criticism: 'But this could have been used for the poor!' This is the first reference that I have found, in the Gospel, to poverty as an ideology. The ideologue does not know what love is, because he does nt know how to give himself.
Peter Carey, Oscar and Lucinda|But now she could not bear the way she sounded. She was not a person anyone could love....And thus fled to her room. There she wept, bitterly, an ugly sound punctuated by great gulps. She could not stop herself. She could hear his footsteps in the passage outside. He walked up and down, up and down.'Come in,' she prayed. 'Oh dearest, do come in.'But he did not come in. He would not come in. This was the man she had practically contracted to give away her fortune to. He offered to marry her as a favour and then he would not even come into her room.Later, she could smell him make himself a sweet pancake for his lunch. She thought this a childish thing to eat, and selfish, too. If he were a gentleman he would now come to her room and save her from the prison her foolishness had made for her. He did not come. She heard him pacing in his room.
M.Sriteja|We suffered today, because we know we have tomorrow, to live and to love.
Gertrude Stein, Picasso|Some trees grow straight, while others grow gnarled and twisted. Yet none are imperfect. Perfection is merely a perception.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Do not confuse location with direction. Location is where you are, direction is where you are going.
Davis Bunn, Lion of Babylon|Preserving cultural diversity is considered a supreme virtue today, but the members of the diverse subcultures don't always see it that way. People have wants and needs, and when cultures rub shoulders, people in one culture are bound to notice when their neighbors are satisfying those those desires better than they are. When they do notice, history tells us, they shamelessly borrow wherever works best.
Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|Directly above them, framed in the doorway from the Brain Room, stood Albus Dumbledore, his wand aloft, his face white and furious. Harry felt a kind of electric charge surge through every particle of his body - they were saved.
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|If there's a god, it knows exactly what it would take to convince me and has refused to provide it. In fact, it has gone to great lengths to hide any evidence of its existence. That doesn't seem like a deity that wants to be worshiped to me.
Martha Beck|As I enter a new phase of life and my circle broadens, I start learning new things.
Gary Edward Gedall|This reminds Faron of those stupid dogs that people put in their cars, that when the car moves, the dogs frantically nod their heads, like some demented, freshly graduated psychologist, with their first patients.
Emma Stone|The one benefit of having done all kinds of movies as an actor is, you learn the pros and cons of being tempted to do a really big movie because it costs a lot of money.
Tanya Masse|You have to grab the goal, visualise your vision, excel in excellence and then become distinct in distinction.
Ahmed|Not Every Battle You Lose is considered as a loss sometimes this loss leads to the best victory, You just have to be Patient and to take advantage Of every unexpected event that happened during your struggle your own war .
Scott Dikkers, You Are Worthless: Depressing Nuggets of Wisdom Sure to Ruin Your Day|Statistically speaking, there is a 65 percent chance that the love of your life is having an affair. Be very suspicious.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|People who dream when they sleep at night know of a special kind of happiness which the world of the day holds not, a placid ecstasy, and ease of heart, that are like honey on the tongue. They also know that the real glory of dreams lies in their atmosphere of unlimited freedom. It is not the freedom of the dictator, who enforces his own will on the world, but the freedom of the artist, who has no will, who is free of will. The pleasure of the true dreamer does not lie in the substance of the dream, but in this: that there things happen without any interference from his side, and altogether outside his control. Great landscapes create themselves, long splendid views, rich and delicate colours, roads, houses, which he has never seen or heard of...
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|For I am—or I was—one of those people who pride themselves in on their willpower, on their ability to make a decision and carry it through. This virtue, like most virtues, is ambiguity itself. People who believe that they are strong-willed and the masters of their destiny can only continue to believe this by becoming specialists in self-deception. Their decisions are not really decisions at all—a real decision makes one humble, one knows that it is at the mercy of more things than can be named—but elaborate systems of evasion, of illusion, designed to make themselves and the world appear to be what they and the world are not. This is certainly what my decision, made so long ago in Joey’s bed, came to. I had decided to allow no room in the universe for something which shamed and frightened me. I succeeded very well—by not looking at the universe, by not looking at myself, by remaining, in effect, in constant motion.
Samuel Ullman|The human heart has hidden treasures, In secret kept, in silence sealed; The thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, Whose charms were broken if revealed.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|if you want to search , search who care about you,Don't search person for use ,those who want use they will search you self.
Virginia Woolf, On Being Ill|He is forced to coin words himself, and, taking his pain in one hand, and a lump of pure sound in the other (as perhaps the people of Babel did in the beginning), so to crush them together that a brand new word in the end drops out.
Francis Spufford, The Child That Books Built: A Life in Reading|It's one of the greatest gifts you can give someone, knowing their stories.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|Although profanity is part of our language that we speak everyday, it can simultaneity be used as a weapon to demoralize other people if it is offensive within its meaning.
Renee Carlino, Sweet Thing|Suddenly Ka realized he was in love with İpek. And realizing that this love would determine the rest of his life, he was filled with dread.
Avijeet Das|I don't need the sea to drown in, your eyes are enough for me!
Ian Doescher, William Shakespeare's Star Wars: Verily, A New Hope|Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
Ludwig von Mises|Granted, many of them replied, that socialism may not result in riches for all but rather in a smaller production of wealth; nevertheless the masses will be happier under socialism, because they will share their worries with all their fellow citizens, and there will not be wealthier classes to be envied by poorer ones. The starving and ragged workers of Soviet Russia, they tell us, are a thousand times more joyful than the workers of the West who live under conditions which are luxurious compared to Russian standards; equality in poverty is a more satisfactory state than well-being where there are people who can flaunt more luxuries than the average man.
Patricia Briggs, Silver Borne|Find out what your hero or heroine wants, and when he or she wakes up in the morning, just follow him or her all day..
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Meggie Folchart: Having writer's block? Maybe I can help.Fenoglio: Oh yes, that's right. You want to be a writer, don't you?Meggie Folchart: You say that as if it's a bad thing.Fenoglio: Oh no, it's just a lonely thing. Sometimes the world you create on the page seems more friendly and alive than the world you actually live in.
Becky Lewellen Povich, From Pigtails to Chin Hairs: A Memoir & More|God doesn't want your careful virtue, He wants your reckless generosity.
CLAMP, Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE, Vol. 16|Yuuko, speaking to Fai: To all the young ones in your group, you are no longer someone who passes through their lives and is forgotten. You have become someone very important to them. Your hardships are their hardships too.
Sara Zarr, Sweethearts|Because love, love is never finished. It circles and circles, the memories out of order and not always complete.
Deyth Banger|I did it,... I talked to Stephen King in a dream... not once but twice in two dreams. - As far from here I can tell you it's awesome... I did it... I jerkoff on a dream... dreaming that I'm jerking off.... I did it... I fucked a girl in a dream!
Robbie Robertson|I have very specific advice for aspiring writers: go to New York. And if you can't go to New York, go to the place that represents New York to you, where the standards for writing are high, there are other people who share your dreams, and where you can talk, talk, talk about your interests.
Don Rickles|I watch movies and sports. I can count on the fingers of my hand the number of times I have watched an hour show. I never watch a half-hour show, and I never watch myself.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|I want. I need. I ache. I burn. Burn with me." Ellysetta to Rain in Lord of the Fading Lands.
Abbie Chandler, The Veiled Soul|She floated across the boundary of realms, nothing more than a human shell. She existed but only as a shadow of who she once was.
Kelis|I think as more people use the phones to access the Internet, they have a lot less patience for trying to find things on the search engines. That is because you need to figure a lot of things out for search to work.
Maggie Macnab, Design by Nature: Using Universal Forms and Principles in Design|It does not matter whether your company does have a good logo or bad logo. What matters most is the way you position your company before your stakeholders. The more you see a logo, the more you like it and you talk about it
Guy Gavriel Kay, The Fionavar Tapestry|Do not marvel brothers if the world hates you, the world rejected and rebelled against God and His truth.
Donna Fargo|Decide that life is good and you are special. Decide to enjoy today. Decide that you will live life to the fullest now, no matter what. Trust that you will change what needs changing, but also decide that you're not going to put off enjoying life just because you don't have everything you want now. Steadfastly refuse to let anything steal your joy. Choose to be happy...and you will be.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Think of all the stories you've heard, Bast. You have a young boy, the hero. His parents are killed he sets out for vengeance. What next?"Bast hesitated, his expression puzzled. Chronicler answered the question instead. "He finds help. A clever talking squirrel. An old drunken swordsman. A mad hermit in the woods. That sort of thing."Kvothe nodded. "Exactly! He finds the mad hermit in the woods, proves himself worthy, and learns the names of all things, just like Taborlin the Great. Then with these powerful magics at his beck and call, what does he do?"Chronicler shrugged. "He finds the villains and kills them." "Of course," Kvothe said grandly. "Clean, quick, and easy as lying. We know how it ends practically before it starts. That's why stories appeal to us. They give us the clarity and simplicity our real lives lack.
MARTH, The New Era - Every Being Is In The Unknown Now|Nature is grand and is made of dream-like elements.All is one, and connected,making an incredible journey, becoming one and united, eternally.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|If I could do all of that on February 14th, it would be a personal best for me. Something to share with my crew for the glory and the laughs, or to cheer up the next buddy of mine to get dumped or cheated on. From "My Worst Valentine's Day.Ever: A Short Story
Kiera Cass, The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard|Good people are not those who lack flaws, the brave are not those who feel no fear, and the generous are not those who never feel selfish. Extraordinary people are not extraordinary because they are invulnerable to unconscious biases. They are extraordinary because they choose to do something about it.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|I talked to Zrakovi this afternoon,” Alex said, giving me an undecipherable look. “He’s putting me back on sentinel duty for the next few weeks while you handle a special assignment.”Special assignment had an ominous ring to it. “What kind of special assignment? And why am I hearing it from you instead of Zrakovi?” Elder Z was my boss, not Alex, however Mr. Bossy liked to think otherwise.“You’re going to be babysitting Jean Lafitte and making sure he doesn’t try to take revenge on anyone for what happened last month.” At my horrified, speechless gape, Alex gave me a grim smile and held his glass of port up in salute as my dessert congealed into a lump in my stomach. “Good luck with that, Jolie.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The rockets and the satellites, spaceships that we're creating now, we're pollinating the universe.
Scott Douglas|I have always had a special affinity for libraries and librarians, for the most obvious reasons. I love books. (One of my first Jobs was shelving books at a branch of the Chicago Public Library.) Libraries are a pillar of any society. I believe our lack of attention to funding and caring for them properly in the United States has a direct bearing on problems of literacy, productivity, and our inability to compete in today's world. Libraries are everyman's free university.
Joan Collins|There is a moment when you get older when your metabolism slows down and you don't feel like working out any more, so you don't want to keep yourself fit any more, but that's your decision. Why should you be judged for it?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If people institute wrong institutions, wrong institutions do not just produce wrong people, but wrong people who understand and accept mediocrity as an institution
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|Stand up! Don't ever give up on this bitchy life.Feel afraid is okay, but don't avoid competition.You've done that thing even since you're a sperm.You accept this and you are the surviving winner.
Belinda McBride, Doms of Dark Haven|I will teach you in time, but for now restrain me and have your way with me. I don’t want to think, I just want to feel.” -Jake
Nicolas Cage|My background is in largely in theatre and acting. I grew up in a town with a well-respected Shakespeare Festival, and I fell in with some kids whose parents worked there. We staged all-kid versions of 'Hamlet', 'Cymbeline', a few others. All the while, I was making short films; monster movies, slapstick comedies, claymation.
Jillian Lauren, Some Girls: My Life in a Harem|Speaking the words he had been taught, directing them no longer upward but to the earth on which he knelt, he prayed: 'For what we are about to receive make us truly thankful.' ... he... felt his heart suddenly flow over with thankfulness... like a gush of warm water... All that remains is to live here quietly for the rest of my life, eating food that my own labour has made the earth to yield. All that remains is to be a tender of the soil.
Doug TenNapel|Theater publicly reveals the human condition through appealing to both intellect and emotion. Architecture, whether lowly or exalted, can do the same.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|For the longest time I couldn't understand the meaning of the cliche "being compatible" - whether about a lover, colleague, team mate or friend. I now get it. There is so much more behind this superficial nauseatingly-pragmatic diplomatic phrase -- it goes deep down to the true essence of someone, how they see the world, how they see and position themselves, how prepared/capable they are to back you, whether they can understand who you are and if they are prepared to break walls for you. Anything else is details.
Jonathan Franzen|Person who is truly positive in nature suffers a lot but they can find way to jump out of it. In fact any kind of problem they face helps them to create new ideas, indirectly helping society to upgrade positively. But person who is positive only from outer personality always suffers more then person who is truly positive because they can’t find way out of problems for themselves and later for this society.
Stephen Richards, Born to Fight: The True Story of Richy Crazy Horse Horsley|In late 1985, the Reagan White House blocked the use of CDC money for education, leaving the US behind other Western nations in telling its citizens how to avoid contracting the virus. Many Americans still thought you could get AIDS from a toilet seat or a glass of water. According to one poll, the majority of Americans supported quarantining AIDS patients.This heightened awareness set off waves of anxiety across the country, which was often express through jokes (Q: What do you call Rock Hudson in a wheelchair? A: Roll-AIDS!) and violence. Between the years 1985 and 1986, anti-gay violence increased by 42 percent in the US. Even in San Francisco, where Greyhound buses still dropped off gay men and women taking refuge from the prejudice of their hometowns, carloads of teenagers would drive through the Castro looking for targets.In December 1985, a group of teenagers, shouting “diseased faggot” and “you’re killing us all,” dragged a man named David Johnson from his car in a San Francisco parking lot. While his lover looked on in horror, the teenagers kicked and beat Johnson with their skateboards, breaking three of his ribs, bruising his kidneys, an gashing his face and neck with deep fingernail scratches.
Debasish Mridha|To feel pure joy, sell your pride and be loving and kind.
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|Some prevailing signs of social climbers are their:- ticking cunning ambition- times of deceit- hand of wickedness- gloves of bigotry- hidden bunch of schemes- cup of pride- sip of prejudice- odour of greed- grit of hatredTheir favorite hunger is comparing themselves to others. A thirst of competition with sloth, jealousy and anger at their spirits.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Are these real diamonds?" I once asked, and she said, "Why have them if they're not?
George Zimmer|The day of the wedding went like these things generally do, full of anxious moments interspersed with black comedy.
Debby Bull, Blue Jelly: Love Lost & the Lessons of Canning|You can die trying to get along with a disagreeable man,” she said, and I put a star beside it when I wrote it down and then taped it to the rear-view mirror for the rest of the drive. She hadn’t said “abusive,” I noticed; she had said that just disagreeable could kill you.
George W. Bush|If a man does his best, what else is there?
Ray Comfort|Scandals, corruption, partisan infighting - no wonder people have lost faith in Congress. I say enough is enough.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|You pay a whore to make you feel like a man, you fund a philharmonic to make yourself feel like a refined man.
Philip Pullman|I have said that His Dark Materials is not fantasy but stark realism, and my reason for this is to emphasise what I think is an important aspect of the story, namely the fact that it is realistic, in psychological terms. I deal with matters that might normally be encountered in works of realism, such as adolescence, sexuality, and so on; and they are the main subject matter of the story – the fantasy (which, of course, is there: no-one but a fool would think I meant there is no fantasy in the books at all) is there to support and embody them, not for its own sake. Dæmons, for example, might otherwise be only a meaningless decoration, adding nothing to the story: but I use them to embody and picture some truths about human personality which I couldn't picture so easily without them. I'm trying to write a book about what it means to be human, to grow up, to suffer and learn. My quarrel with much (not all) fantasy is it has this marvelous toolbox and does nothing with it except construct shoot-em-up games. Why shouldn't a work of fantasy be as truthful and profound about becoming an adult human being as the work of George Eliot or Jane Austen?
Cary Fukunaga|My dad worked for a generator company and then UC Berkeley, and my mom was as a dental hygienist and then eventually a history teacher. My uncles and aunts, all of them are elementary school teachers or scientists.
John Daniel Thieme, paulinskill hours and other poems|. . .our whispered words, faintly in the darkness, dissolvingwithin the trees—then, fleeting words of consolationwould not suffice if feigned, and flippant wordsconfessed reluctance—our wordswere meaningless uttered on the wind. . .
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower blooming in the desert proves to the world that adversity, no matter how great, can be overcome.
Artemus Withers|Be a Strong Leader, Even If You Follow a Weak Leader
Gherman Titov|Some say God is living there [in space]. I was looking around very attentively, but I did not see anyone there. I did not detect either angels or gods....I don't believe in God. I believe in man - his strength, his possibilities, his reason.
Julie Dillon|Traveled so far, and not yet have they come across anything of interest, he mused, except, of course, for that nest of goblins I managed to stir up. Indeed, his brother had always been a valiant fool; why not give him some excitement?He always did possess a love for a good fight, and who am I to deny him?The glass sphere, responding to his thoughts, zoomed in on the mountain nearby where Shrukian camped, and by putting both his hands on the sphere's sides and closing his eyes, Pharun could all but smell the power that radiated from its depths. He could taste it on the back of his tongue, and it awake all sorts of things inside of him. The power tasted of death and ash, and it was scalding hot, pouring down his throat like blood of the freshly dead. He did not need further searching to know what kind of power he was sampling.He smiled to himself, and it came out a satisfied smirk.
Delora Dennis, Same Old Truths|I wonder if he really could rationalize what I did to him, really treat betrayal like the slight transgression of a recalcitrant business partner. I wonder if I hurt him. If he can rationalize what I did to him, it’s easy to imagine how he rationalized what he did to me.
Anita Roddick|If you don't mind haunting the margins, I think there is more freedom there.
Geraldine  Taylor|We must continually abide in the vine, so that we can keep bearing lasting fruits
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The Creator favors the man who loves over the man who hates. If you teach hatred to your children, one day your child will have that hatred reflected back onto them, or onto you.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|If you think Thanksgiving has been fun, just wait until Christmas."...The doors slammed shut with a muffled thud, and all he could think about was the revenge she could be planning. He'd never looked forward to anything more in his life. "Game on.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|I love antique architecture, so if I have any indulgences, I have owned and renovated and reconstructed a lot of old houses.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own and Three Guineas|For books continue each other, in spite of our habit of judging them separately.
Patrick Lencioni|You never know where life is going to take you. So everything I do, I just take it one day at a time, and it always leads you to the right place.
Leo Tolstoy|How good is it to remember one's insignificance: that of a man among billions of men, of an animal amid billions of animals; and one's abode, the earth, a little grain of sand in comparison with Sirius and others, and one's life span in comparison with billions on billions of ages. There is only one significance, you are a worker. The assignment is inscribed in your reason and heart and expressed clearly and comprehensibly by the best among the beings similar to you. The reward for doing the assignment is immediately within you. But what the significance of the assignment is or of its completion, that you are not given to know, nor do you need to know it. It is good enough as it is. What else could you desire?
Tyron Woodley|In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
The Intellectual Origins of the European Reformation|In short, an astonishingly broad spectrum of theologies of justification existed in the later medieval period, encompassing practically every option that had not been specifically condemned as heretical by the Council of Carthage. In the absence of any definitive magisterial pronouncement concerning which of these options (or even what range of options) could be considered authentically catholic, it was left to each theologian to reach his own decision in this matter. A self-perpetuating doctrinal pluralism was thus an inevitability.
Debasish Mridha|Even though human spirit always enjoys the peace, the human ego drives joy from war.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
Susan Ee, World After|I’m fine, Mom. Thanks for asking.”...“Of course you’re fine.” She keeps walking. “You’re the devil’s bride and these are his creatures.”...“I’m not the devil’s bride.” “He carried you out of the fire and is letting you visit us from the dead. Who else would have those privileges except his bride?
|Writing is an adventure. To begin with, it is a toy and an amusement. Then it becomes a mistress, then it becomes a master, then it becomes a tyrant. The last phase is that just as you are about to be reconciled to your servitude, you kill the monster, and fling him to the public.
Wasif Ali Wasif|But personally, I think [sainthood] is not so much the growth of virtue, as simply the replacement of prior vices with an addiction to one's god.
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|At the bar on the Favoritenstrasse, Julius the policeman talked to us about dignity, evolution, the great Darwin and the great Nietzsche. I translated so that my good friend Ulises could understand what he was saying, although I didn’t understand any of it. The prayer of the bones, said Julius. The yearning for health. The virtue of danger. The tenacity of the forgotten. Bravo, said my good friend Ulises. Bravo, said everyone else. The limits of memory. The wisdom of plants. The eye of parasites. The agility of the earth. The merit of the soldier. The cunning of the giant. The hole of the will. Magnificent, said my good friend Ulises in German. Extraordinary.
Socrates|A man who preserves his integrity no real, long-lasting harm can ever come.
Aldous Huxley|If the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is, Infinite. For man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thro' narrow chinks of his cavern.
Lynn Austin, Pilgrimage: My Journey to a Deeper Faith in the Land Where Jesus Walked|If He strips us of all our own resources, we just might learn to lean on Him. And to start praying again.
Margaret Geller|My father ended up starting the Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Centre, which is on the slopes of Kilimanjaro. My mother started a school.
William S. Burroughs|All right, then, I'll go to hell.
Debasish Mridha|Like success, failure is many things to many people. With a positive mental attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|From seven hundred journalists at the beginning of March, the number had dwindled to about one hundred and fifty—print reporters, TV correspondents, photographers, cameramen, and support personnel. At the press center I encountered Kazem, who only a week before I had asked for help with my visa. “Why are you staying when everyone else is leaving?” he asked. I took a chance and replied in Arabic. Some journalists, I said, are as samid as the Iraqi people. Samid means “steadfast” and “brave” and is the adjective most often used by Iraqis to describe themselves. Kazem laughed and threw his arm around my shoulder.
Ayn Rand|Collectivism means the subjugation of the individual to a group—whether to a race, class or state does not matter. Collectivism holds that man must be chained to collective action and collective thought for the sake of what is called “the common good.
Wayne W. Dyer|You can't expect to draw people into your life who are kind, confident, and generous if you're thinking and acting in cruel, weak, and selfish ways. You must be what it is that you're seeking— that is, you need to put forth what you want to attract.
Jo Ann Yhard, The Fossil Hunter of Sydney Mines|Repression. Her therapist, Dr. Solomon, loved the word. He'd say it slowly, letting it roll off his tongue. Sometimes he'd add a chin stroke for good measure. He always looked pleased when he did this, like he'd discovered the Caramilk secret or something.
Bella Thorne|I like my hair long, and I love my bangs. I love them because I can pin them back or keep the fringe with attitude.
Bryan Penberthy|It could be the sound of each name he knows/curling to ash in his chest’s aortic furnace one after another, year after year instructing him/in the patient work of letting go. Even still/there are things it is reluctant to unclasp./How the Osage orange trunks and bare limbs/glow in the scattered light like veins of fire.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|As some people turned to religion for comfort, so, Highsmith wrote in her notebook in September 1970, she took refuge in her belief that she was making progress as a writer. But she realised that both systems of survival were, however, fundamentally illusory. She wrote, she said, quoting Oscar Wilde because, 'Work never seems to me a reality, but a way of getting rid of reality'.
Iyanla Vanzant|'The Golden Compass' became a bad experience because the studio didn't have faith in the strength of the ideas of the novel, which is ironic because it's one of the greatest fantasy novels ever written, if not the greatest, and they took the religion out of it and tried to turn it into a popcorn movie.
Mahatma Gandhi|My life off the court has changed. I'm feeling good inside, so I guess it shows on the outside too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we know the good we ought to do, but fail to act, we sin.
Eudora Welty, The Collected Stories|Surely even those immune from the world, for the time being, need the touch of one another, or all is lost.
Imania Margria|Sometimes we need to just brush away our pride, break down the walls around our hearts, and open up to those we truly care for.
Janet P. Eckles, Hola Happiness|God remains the same—faithful, loving and powerful—through changes big and small.
Abraham Lincoln|Equality, as understood by the American Founders, is the natural right of every individual to live freely under self-government, to acquire and retain the property he creates through his own labor, and to be treated impartially before a just law. Moreover, equality should not be confused with perfection, for man is also imperfect, making his application of equality, even in the most just society, imperfect. Otherwise, inequality is the natural state of man in the sense that each individual is born unique in all his human characteristics. Therefore, equality and inequality, properly comprehended, are both engines of liberty.
Mollie Gross, Confessions of a Military Wife|During our visit, we noticed she was mixing up words. She started referring to Muslims as Mormons. After 9/11, she told Jon and me how it was important for America to stop the radical Mormons because they had perpetrated the attacks on the Twin Towers.There was no way we could convince her of the difference. We'd just smile and not. "That's right, Grandma, all the Mormons got together on September 11th and ran their bicycles into the Twin Towers!
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|The claim of fine tuning is subjective. As I stated before, no measurement in physics is perfect. The amount of precision we demand can be increased or decreased at our whim. We could have an approximate measurement that has a huge margin of error and call it finely-tuned if we so desire. Theists, in particular, have a lot of such desire. They so badly want God to be an indispensable part of our universe's creation, so they see finely-tuned constants.They also tend to sweep under the rug the following fact: the vast majority of our universe is hostile to life, and they fail to consider that another hand in the proverbial deck might yield a better universe than ours, one teaming with life on every planet throughout the cosmos.
Aristotle|How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a specter through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?
Joseph Smith Jr., The Doctrine and Covenants of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints: Containing the Revelations Given to Joseph Smith ... with Some Additions by His Successors in the Presidency of the Church|God gives us life, but the world's landlord is the devil....
Elie Wiesel, The Night Trilogy: Night, Dawn, the Accident|We have to condemn publicly the very idea that some people have the right to repress others. In keeping silent about evil, and burying it so deep within us that no sign of it appears on the surface, we are implanting it, and it will rise up a thousand fold in the future.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|At the sensory level I am the divine receiving station...a two-legged, trembling-tissue, Jodrell Bank radar telescope, dancing, grumbling, sniffling Geiger counter""But there's an added feature. Each generation, I...return. Each time carried onstage, blinking, puking, bawling, bewildered by the bizarre novelty of each new drama, untutored in the language of the new script (did she say her name was Mommie?)
Craig Ferguson|The happy and powerful do not go into exile, and there are no surer guarantees of equality among men than poverty and misfortune.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|To see life from the perspective of intuition is to have vision. To see life from the perspective of intuition is to see life from the perspective of wholeness. It is to understand that life is basically one and that we are part of life. While the intellect can only see the details, intuition sees the whole. To see life from the perspective of intuition is like looking at life from the summit of the mountain, whereas seeing life only from the perspective of intellect is like looking at life from the foot of the mountain. Through learning to listen to our intuition, we learn to be in contact with the Whole.
Karen Chance, Death's Mistress|What bug crawled up your ass?" I demanded."If you mean, why I am upset? I should think that would be obvious!"It took me a second, but I got it. "Oh, come on. You're not still pissed about–you did the same damn thing to me!"He had the utter gall to look offended. "I did nothing of the sort–"I stared at him. "And just how do you figure that? You stripped me butt naked, diddled me over a desk and stole my duffel bag. And my clothes!"Somebody made a choking sound. I glanced up to find the door to the study open, and the old vamp looking scandalized. "Diddled?" Anthony asked, apparently delighted. Mircea closed his eyes.
Ellen J. Barrier|Trust is the foundation for a strong and successful relationship. If the foundation is weak, the relationship will experience dishonesty, failed promises and can lead to self- destruction, whereas a strong foundation for a successful relationship is based on trust. All promises are made with efforts to keep them.
Slash|I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.
Michael Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship that Changed the World|Stories people told themselves were biased by the availability of the material used to construct them...what people remember about the past, [Kahneman and Tversky] suggested, is likely to warp their judgement of the future. "We often decide that an outcome is extremely unlikely or impossible, because we are unable to imagine any chain of events that could cause it to occur. The defect, often, is in our imagination.
Terry Pratchett|Quite amazing, isn’t it, Mister Lipwig?’ he said cheerfully through the smoke. ‘Though isn’t it a pity that they can only run on rails? I can’t imagine what the world would be like if everyone had their own steam locomotive. Abominable.
Raphael Millet|Looking at Loh’s photographs, it is obvious that there is nothing simpler and richer than a face when stripped of all effects and affects, poses and postures, stances and pretences. The Singaporeans featured here are almostexpressionless, as if the photographer wanted to leave us clueless about them. What do their faces tell us? Why are they so familiar? Why do we feel we know this auntie that we don’t know? And this guy with the nondescript look? And this girl with no distinguishing mark? Have we met before?
J. K. Rowling|Art works because it appeals to certain faculties of the mind. Music depends on details of the auditory system, painting and sculpture on the visual system. Poetry and literature depend on language.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Alan Shepard|I think the sense of family and family achievement, plus the discipline which I received there from that one-room school were really very helpful in what I did later on.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters, Volume 1|The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can’t lick ‘em, join ‘em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. We have almost lost hold; we can no longer describe a happy man, nor make any celebration of joy.
James Heckman|If American schooling is inadequate now, just imagine how much more obsolete it will be when today's kindergarten students graduate from high school in just 12 years.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Were I but perfectly normal, I would just not be.
Nikki Rowe|We all have a soul family, the ones that ignite and support our truth. They feed something in us we weren't aware we needed before them. They'll make you face yourself and become raw and authentic. You'll roam but never too far from eachother for the invisible thread of connectedness; once opened can never be locked. They are the ones who will see you through all the important days of your life no matter what tributes and trials you face. They'll just be there, in presence, in synchronicity or in spirit.
Raymond E. Feist, King of Foxes|And one day, as she was buried deep in her thoughts, she heard a still small voice ask her"If you could go back in life,what would you have done differently?"And without missing a beat she answered, "I would have chosen me"And finally, she made the choice...
Matthew Knisely, Framing Faith: From Camera to Pen, An Award-Winning Photojournalist Captures God in a Hurried World|You put your camera around your neck in the morning along with putting on your shoes, and there it is, an appendage of the body that shares your life with you. The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.” – Dorothea Lange ('Dorothea Lange: A Photographer's Life' by Milton Meltzer)
Nicholson Baker, A Box of Matches|Florentino Ariza always forgot when he should not have that women, and Prudencia Pitre more than any other, always think about the hidden meanings of questions more than about the questions themselves.
Alfred North Whitehead|You have to imagine it possible before you can see something. You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Ah, you noticed that black sheep on the hills aren't nearly as plentiful as the white. They're a particularly hardy lot.
Debasish Mridha|Stress comes from fear of the unknown, so have faith and fear will disappear and stress will melt away.
Sheena Iyengar, The Art of Choosing|As the voices fall silent, the individuals who make up the amorphous and always changing community must decide for themselves, as they always have. I can’t write a coda because I can’t speak for others. I can only and ever speak for myself.
R. Alan Woods|The less you think and the more you do, the better things tend to become.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|This method enabled me to expand my territory and create a strong network of loyal customers for referrals and repeat business. Make active listening a deliberate part of your business plan and success strategy. You will not only grow your business, but also make wonderful friends along the way.
Jules Renard|For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.
Alan W. Watts|As is so often the way, what we have suppressed and overlooked issomething startlingly obvious. The difficulty is that it is so obvious andbasic that one can hardly find the words for it. The Germans call it aHintergedanke, an apprehension lying tacitly in the back of our mindswhich we cannot easily admit, even to ourselves. The sensation of "I" asa lonely and isolated center of being is so powerful andcommonsensical, and so fundamental to our modes of speech andthought, to our laws and social institutions, that we cannot experienceselfhood except as something superficial in the scheme of the universe. Iseem to be a brief light that flashes but once in all the aeons of time—arare, complicated, and all-too-delicate organism on the fringe ofbiological evolution, where the wave of life bursts into individual,sparkling, and multicolored drops that gleam for a moment only tovanish forever. Under such conditioning it seems impossible and evenabsurd to realize that myself does not reside in the drop alone, but in thewhole surge of energy which ranges from the galaxies to the nuclearfields in my body. At this level of existence "I" am immeasurably old;my forms are infinite and their comings and goings are simply thepulses or vibrations of a single and eternal flow of energy.
Kim Stanley Robinson, 2312|The most agreeable of all companions is a simple, frank man, without any high pretensions to an oppressive greatness; one who loves life, and understands the use of it; obliging alike at all hours; above all, of a golden temper and steadfast as an anchor. For such an one we gladly exchange the greatest genius, the most brilliant wit, the profoundest thinker.
Mollie Marti|Mastery is the breeding ground of fresh, creative passion.
Julia Glass, The Whole World Over|SWEET POTATO BISQUE WITH CRABMEATGRAPEFRUIT ICE IN A SWEET TORTILLA CRISPLAMB SEARED IN ANCHO CHILI PASTE ON POLENTA TWO CHUTNEYS: PEAR & MINTASPARAGUS FLANAMERICAN GOAT CHEESE, EAST & WEST, WITH RED-WINE BISCUITSAVOCADO KEY LIME PIEPINON TORTA DE CIELO & CHOCOLATE MOCHA SHERBETShe'd invented the cake just for tonight; the sherbet came from Julia Child, a remarkably simple confection made with sour cream. Torta de cielo was a traditional wedding cake from the Yucatan, slim and sublime, light but chewy, where pulverized almonds stood in for flour. This time, instead of almonds, Greenie used the fat, velvety pignoli she ordered from an importer on Grand Street, mincing them by hand to keep them from turning to paste. She did not know whether you could tell the best Italian pine nuts from those grown in New Mexico, but, she caught herself thinking, and not without a touch of spite, she might soon find out.
C.G. Jung|One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious. The latter procedure, however, is disagreeable and therefore not popular.
Erich Fromm|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
Matshona Dhliwayo|You’re destined for greatness,” Life said. “But first, I’m going to make you cry.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life-Giving Mom: Replacing My Worst with God's Best|As you walk with Jesus, resting your head on His heart, you will learn to know His Word, His will, and His ways. You will want to obey Him, not out of forced compliance, but out of heartfelt connection. Your joy will abound as you remain in His love.
Marcel Proust|We enjoy lovely music, beautiful paintings, a thousand intellectual delicacies, but we have no idea of their cost, to those who invented them, in sleepless nights, tears, spasmodic laughter, rashes, asthmas, epilepsies, and the fear of death, which is worse than all the rest.
Ann Napolitano, A Good Hard Look|God is not here to be demanded of, begged from, or criticized. He hands out burdens to those who are strong enough to carry them, and I feel profoundly uncomfortable with the idea of lining up with the other invalids and asking for mine to be alleviated.
Stan Jacobs, The Dusk And Dawn Master: A Practical Guide to Transforming Evening and Morning Habits, Achieving Better Sleep, and Mastering Your Life|Emotions have immense power. This power can propel you towards your dreams and goals, or sabotage and ruin your life. Choose wisely how to use the power of your emotions.
R. W. Patterson|I know you’re tired…but this is your time, Laney. Claim your power. Make everything…from the beginning until the end…make it all count.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t pray for the sake of prayer, pray only because you want to be God
Tom Robbins|When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on--series polygamy--until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment. Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter.
Riku H. Petro|Because one dead leaves every material back, even the body, but what is taken is the soul with memories.
Isla Fisher|I'm going to take this God-given gift of being funny, and I'm going to spread it out like peanut butter on everything I do.
Farnaz Masumian, The Divine Art Of Meditation: Meditation and visualization techniques for a healthy mind, body and soul|Today, many of us seem to live our lives like honeybees collecting honey which, at the end, we will leave to others for their enjoyment! Our values are often twisted. Our success is largely measured by the size of our bank account, how beautiful or handsome we are, or how luxurious are our homes, cars or boats. Reality TV shows continue to appeal to millions of us who choose to live vicariously through others, rather than taking charge of our own lives and focusing on manifesting the hidden resources that are invested in our souls.Women are often encouraged to seek superficial and temporary beauty, at the risk of endangering their health, even killing themselves, while men are encouraged to appreciate and chase a life of pleasure. In contrast, those whose lives are centered on spirituality are frequently ridiculed as old-fashioned or at least looked down upon. We seek surgical procedures to fight the natural aging process and enjoy ‘borrowed youth’ a bit longer, even though we know, deep in our hearts, that it is ultimately a losing battle.
Lana Del Rey|I eat a balanced diet. The secret is to watch your portions, but I also work out a lot. Working out a lot isn't necessary, but I am very active, and my body can endure intense workouts.
Hetty Green|When good things are so low that no one wants them, I buy them and lay them away in the safe; when owing to some new development, they go up and my shares are so needed that men will pay well for them, I am ready to sell.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|There is, I believe, in every disposition a tendency to some particular evil - a natural defect, which not even the best education can overcome.
Maria McCann, As Meat Loves Salt|The moment you think that there is no path before you, path disappears! The moment you think the opposite, path appears! All paths need people who see them!
Rémy de Gourmont|I don't write so that people will understand me, I write because I know they don't. And, I can't help feeling like I should at least give them the illusion that they do.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|When women reassert their relationship with the wildish nature, they are gifted with a permanent and internal watcher, a knower, a visionary, an oracle, and inspiratrice, and intuitive, a maker, a creator, and inventor, and a listener who guide, suggest, and urge vibrant life in the inner and outer worlds.
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|There is no jealous man, without a flirtatious woman.
Rachel A. Marks, Winter Rose|Good by-aye!" she chanted, my American sweet immortal dead love; for she is dead and immortal if you are reading this.
L. M. Fields|When banana's don't work, try a cookie.
Stacy Keibler|I'm not saying that there's anything better than mated bliss at its best, but I'm saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we haven't quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.
Marc Andreessen|Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better.
Slavoj Zizek|To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|Secrets make life more interesting. You can be in a crowded room with someone and touch them without touching, just with a look, because they know a part of you no one else knows. And whenever you're with them, the two of you are alone, because the you they see no one else can.
Scott Stabile|I had to break to pieces, so I could reassemble even stronger.
Tracy Anne Warren, Seduced By His Touch|There was something wonderful about the atmosphere at Stony Cross Park. One could easily imagine it as some magical place set in some far-off land. The surrounding forest was so deep and thick as to be primeval in appearance, while the twelve-acre garden behind the manor seemed too perfect to be real. There were groves, glades, ponds, and fountains. It was a garden of many moods, alternating tranquility with colorful tumult. A disciplined garden, every blade of grass precisely clipped, the corners of the box hedges trimmed to knife blade crispness. Hatless, gloveless, and infused with a sudden sense of optimism, Annabelle breathed deeply of the country air. She skirted the edge of the terraced gardens at the back of the manor and followed a graveled path set between raised beds of poppies and geraniums. The atmosphere soon became thick with the perfume of flowers, as the path paralleled a drystone wall covered with tumbles of pink and cream roses.Wandering more slowly, Annabelle crossed through an orchard of ancient pear trees, sculpted by decades into fantastic shapes. Farther off, a canopy of silver birch led to woodland beds that appeared to melt seamlessly into the forest beyond.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Now see, if it were me, I wouldn’t have led with that. I would’ve gone with something like ‘G’day’ or ‘Wow, aren’t you a little hottie?
David Nicholls, One Day|And is that what love looks like -- all wet mouths and your skirt rucked up?""Sometimes it is.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Scripture trains us to listen to and learn from stories of all kinds, inside the sacred text and outside, and to discern patterns and meanings within them. Stories of all sorts form and shape the character of those who read them. We live within the narrative as creatures in search of an ending, in search of happiness.
Dave Rudbarg|Life *is* complex, and, in many ways, life *is* beyond our comprehension today...Sometimes important questions have maddeningly complex or inconvenient answers that neither satisfy nor soothe.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|When young people are cynical, and snarky, they shoot down their own future. When you keep saying "No," all that's left is what other people said "Yes" to before you were born. Really, "No" is no choice at all.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|Thirty-four, still undecided on a name, sat practicing his Realm tongue with Draker, although much of the lesson seemed to consist of the correct use of profanity. "No," the big man shook his shaggy head. "Pig-fucker not fuck-pigger.
Elena Ferrante, The Lost Daughter|A woman's body does a thousand different things, toils, runs, studies, fantasizes, invents, wearies, and meanwhile the breasts enlarge, the lips of the sex swell, the flesh throbs with a round life that is yours, your life, and yet pushes elsewhere, draws away from you although it inhabits your belly, joyful and weighty, felt as a greedy impulse and yet repellent, like an insect's poison injected into a vein.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Rosabelle's Story|Yep, there's special eyes that only Jesus can give. When people have special eyes, they can see past a person's face and show other people love.
Buzz Aldrin, second man to walk on the Moon|Openness is allowing and directing the energy of the Universe to flow through you freely, giving and taking with ease.
Cari Silverwood, Wicked Ways|Ivan, task handled, lowered his hand, pausing only to pop his knuckles. He turned to face his apprentice. He cleared his throat, and took one quick glance over his shoulder where the angry giant robot stormed across the desert, before addressing Tory.	“That was satisfactory.
Jon Chopan, Pulled from the River|Whenever he told the story, Rat had a tendency to stop now and then, interrupting the flow, inserting little clarifications or bits of analysis and personal opinion. It was a bad habit, Mitchell Sanders said, because all that matters is the raw material, the stuff itself, and you can’t clutter it up with your own half-baked commentary. That just breaks the spell. It destroys the magic. What you have to do, Sanders said, is trust your own story. Get the hell out of the way and let it tell itself.
Lydia Davis, Almost No Memory|We moderns are great compartmentalizers, perhaps never more so than when hungry.
C.G. Jung|Be not intimidated...nor suffer yourselves to be wheedled out of your liberties by any pretense of politeness, delicacy, or decency. These, as they are often used, are but three different names for hypocrisy, chicanery and cowardice.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|It's alright" said a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron vanished into the coach's dark interior. "You're not going mad or anything. I can see them too.""Can you?" said Harry desperately, turning to Luna. He could see the bat-winged horses reflected in her wide, silvery eyes."Oh yes," said Luna, "I've been able to see them since my first year here. They've always pulled the carriages. Don't worry. You're just as sane as I am."Smiling faintly, she climbed into the musty interior of the carriage after Ron. Not altogether reassured, Harry followed her.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|Treat me well and I will tell... Treat me bad and I feel sad. Treat me good, change my mood. Treat me sweet and call it quits!
Kalpana Chawla|We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.
|Quite often, negativity deceives so many people to perceive their temporary situations as permanent conditions. This is why you must always remind yourself that no matter how dark it gets at night, the dawn always comes.
Richard O'Barry, Behind the Dolphin smile: One Man's Campaign to Protect the World's Dolphins|Simultaneously, in the most complete ambiguity, they [media] propagate the brutal charm of the terrorist act, they are themselves terrorists, insofar as they themselves march to the tune of seduction.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|The insidious reasons for a brown girl’s self-loathing won’t be surprising to any woman of color. I cannot rightly compare my own struggles to those of another minority, as each ethnicity comes with its own baggage and the South Asian experience is just one variation on the experience of dark-skinned people everywhere. As parents and grandparents often do in Asian countries, my extended family urged me to avoid the sun, not out of fear that heatstroke would sicken me or that UV rays would lead to cancer, but more, I think, out of fear that my skin would darken to the shade of an Untouchable, a person from the lowest caste in Indian society, someone who toils in the fields. The judgments implicit in these exhortations—and what they mean about your worth—might not dawn on you while you’re playing cricket in the sand. What’s at stake might not dawn on you while, as a girl, you clutch fast to yourself your blonde-haired, blue-eyed doll named Helen. But all along, the message that lighter skin is equivalent to a more attractive, worthier self is getting beamed deep into your subconscious. Western ideals of beauty do not stop at ocean shores. They pervade the world and mingle with those of your own country to create mutant, unachievable standards.
Jack London, Martin Eden|There were not words enough in the English language, nor in any language, to make his attitude and conduct intelligible to them.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|it is better to recapture an army entire than to destroy it, to capture a regiment, a detachment or a company entire than to destroy them.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Never use five words if you can get away with one, eh? I've known dead men talk more than you do.
Steve Harvey|How do you give smart, accomplished, ambitious women the same opportunities as men to reach their goals? What about universal preschool and after-school programs? What about changing the corporate mind-set about the time commitment it takes to move up the ladder? What about having more husbands step up and take the major load?
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Modern life seems set up so that we can avoid loneliness at all costs, but maybe it's worthwhile to face it occasionally. The further we push aloneness away, the less we are able to cope with it, and the more terrifying it gets. Some philosophers believe that loneliness is the only true feeling there is.
R. Alan Woods|A Christian is supposed to be in the world, and yet not of the world--a Both/And as perplexing and demanding as the Either/Or that precedes the life of faith. I'm at once a pure, beautiful, genderless soul, but at the same time a gendered body full of flaws, sins, and wanting. This contradiction, the Both/And, is the Cross.
Melissa Grey, The Shadow Hour|[The] dinner party is a true proclamation of the abundance of being -- a rebuke to the thrifty little idolatries by which we lose sight of the lavish hand that made us. It is precisely because no one needs soup fish, meat, salad, cheese, and dessert at one meal that we so badly need to sit down to them from time to time. It was largesse that made us all; we were not created to fast forever. The unnecessary is the taproot of our being and the last key to the door of delight. Enter here, therefore, as a sovereign remedy for the narrowness of our minds and the stinginess of our souls, the formal dinner...the true convivium -- the long Session that brings us nearly home.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|Ever bike? Now that's something that makes life worth living!...Oh, to just grip your handlebars and lay down to it, and go ripping and tearing through streets and road, over railroad tracks and bridges, threading crowds, avoiding collisions, at twenty miles or more an hour, and wondering all the time when you're going to smash up. Well, now, that's something! And then go home again after three hours of it...and then to think that tomorrow I can do it all over again!
Sana Lynn, Metanoia: Reweaving Psyche in a Tantric Web of Story|In a world where the most consequential things happen by chance, or from unfathomable causes, you don't look to reason for help. You consort with mysteries... They have been killed in place of you - in your place. You don't think it out, not at the time, not in those terms, but you can't help but feel it, and go on feeling it. It's the close call you have to keep escaping from, the unending doubt that you have a right to your own life. It's the corruption suffered by everyone who lives on, that henceforth they must wonder at the reason and probe its justice.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|The prospect of an early death sits differently upon each person. In some it gifts maturity far outweighing their age and experience: calm acceptance blossoms into a beautiful nature and soft countenance. In others, however, it leads to the formation of a tiny ice flint in their heart. Ice that, though at times concealed, never properly melts.Rose, though she would have liked to be one of the former, knew herself deep down to be one of the latter.
Proverbs 18:24|When we consistently consume the God-breathed Words of the Bible, it teaches us, rebukes us, corrects us, trains us and it thoroughly equips us for every good work. God’s Word is filled with love, redemption, blessing, and promise.
Starley Ard, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream that Zac Effron showed up at my door shirtless with a bouquet of flowers..yep, I’m still waiting on that one to come true.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|From time to time, I would gaze up at the stars after a night shift and think that they looked like a glowing desert, and I myself was a poor child abandoned in the desert... I thought that life was truly an accident among accidents in the universe. The universe was an empty palace, and humankind the only ant in the entire palace. This kind of thinking infused the second half of my life with a conflicted mentality: Sometimes I thought life was precious, and everything was so important; but other times I thought humans were insignificant, and nothing was worthwhile. Anyway, my life passed day after day accompanied by this strange feeling, and before I knew it, I was old...
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|Look at yourself, you’re old, too, but still doing your work. This is what we are, Philips. This is what we are.
Julia Suryakusuma, Julia's Jihad|One is not required to like a movie in order to learn from it. Our personal views provide a legitimate perspective, as long as we recognize and acknowledge how they may color our interpretation.
Ari Berk, Death Watch|I let it go. It's like swimming against the current. It exhausts you. After a while, whoever you are, you just have to let go, and the river brings you home.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|If you close your eyes, no lighthouse can help you!
Junko, 王子の帰還 [Ouji no Kikan]|Ritsu... Do you like Oda?" More than me?"Yes.
Daymond John|Ever since I was a small child, I've had this feeling - it's in my nature, and so it's not even pretentious - that if everyone's going one way, I will go the other, just by some kind of spirit of defiance.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|Every city is a ghost.New buildings rise upon the bones of the old so that each shiny steel bean, each tower of brick carries within it the memories of what has gone before, an architectural haunting. Sometimes you can catch a glimpse of these former incarnations in the awkward angle of a street or filigreed gate, an old oak door peeking out from a new facade, the plaque commemorating the spot that was once a battleground, which became a saloon and is now a park.
Emer O'Toole, Girls Will Be Girls: Dressing Up, Playing Parts and Daring to Act Differently|Science faculties at renowned research institutions were given two identical CVs to assess. Half the scientists received a CV with a female name, and half with a male name. The 'female' applicant was consistently rated as less competent and less hireable, and the scientists were less likely to want to mentor her. The 'male' candidate was offered a significantly higher starting salary
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|Parents don't become inaccessible to your Children, when they don't get the right information from you, they may get the wrong one from an outsider; you are their Caretaker..be wise!
Nevil Shute, A Town Like Alice|People who spent the war in prison camps have written a lot of books about what a bad time they had, she said quietly, staring into the embers. they don't know what it was like, not being in a camp.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Live and let live.Love thyself, in order to love thy man.Smart, independent women attract men.
Henry James, The Figure in the Carpet|It is so much more threatening to have something out of hand than to believe that at any moment I can stop (I started to say "This foolishness") any time I need to.
Victor Hugo|Responsibility for learning belongs to the student, regardless of age.
Jarrett McCall, The Breathing Advocate|We can discover much about God by looking at nature. Take the Trinity for example. The Trinity is sort of like an apple. You've got the seeds, the flesh, and the skin. Three different things. Still, together they form one thing, an apple. And under no circumstances will one apple be three things, but the seeds, skin, and flesh will always be three things.
Dee Henderson, Taken|My faith survived because I realized God didn't want this for us, He never had. I'm passionately looking forward to a new Heaven and Earth where only good exists once more.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|While good old-fashioned manners and etiquette have worked for centuries, new standards and expectations have come into play with the modern world. Behaviors which would have been appalling in the past are now socially acceptable.
Agatha Christie, Passenger to Frankfurt|Goo'-by, ole Bill, by-by. There you go, an' the signal o' distress roun' you, H. B. 'I'm in need of assistance.' Lord, here comes the sharks--look! look! look at um fight! look at um takin' ole Bill! I'm in need of assistance. I sh'd say you were, ole Bill.
Alin Sav|We become what we think. If you have a negative thinking, stop thinking.
Victoria Matthews, Fhhs: A Science Fiction DRAM|Incase the title was misleading, this is the story of Qorth. He was an alien, but he was more normal, more boring, more goofy, and more ho-hum than any human I’d ever known . . . to the point that I sometimes wonder if he was really even an alien. To be fair, he did have “magical” otherworldly powers and some weird traits, like pointed ears. It rained when he was sad. His eyes were solid black, which really creeped me out in the beginning but, eh, I got used to it. He had weird tastes in food, like he would put ketchup on pancakes, and animals were sock puppets to him. The night I found him, it was the animals who led me to him.
Morrissey|Everybody was sorta going to sleep twards the end of 1983, and I felt that they had to be woken up!
Avina Celeste|You can do it. That thing you just thought of, you can do it.
Pope Francis|To this wonderful page in our country's history another more glorious still will be added, and the slave shall show at last to his free brothers a sharpened sword forged from the links of his fetters.
James Patterson|Three things have been difficult to tame: the oceans, fools and women. We may soon be able to tame the oceans; fools and women will take a little longer.
Selim Özdogan|Wenn man nachts nicht schläft, werden Träume wahr.
Amy E. Reichert, The Coincidence of Coconut Cake|This is, to me, the loveliest and saddest landscape in the world. It is the same as that on the preceding page, but I have drawn it again to impress it on your memory. It is here that the little prince appeared on Earth, and disappeared.Look at it carefully so that you will be sure to recognise it in case you travel some day to the African desert. And, if you should come upon this spot, please do not hurry on. Wait for a time, exactly under the star. Then, if a little man appears who laughs, who has golden hair and who refuses to answer questions, you will know who he is. If this should happen, please comfort me. Send me word that he has come back.
Dada Bhagwan|When one gathers all the books of all worldly religions, when one beholds (dharan) them, then the phenomenon of religious upholding (dharma dharan) occurs. When that religious upholding becomes 100% strong, then the essence [marma] begins to manifest. When the essence becomes 100% strong, then the extract of the Knowledge [gnanark] begins to manifest. Here, we make you ‘drink’ (absorb) directly, the ‘Extract of the Knowledge’.
Santosh Thankachan|Dilemma of a Modern Christian:We know enough Word to make us Argumentativebut not enough to help ourself change.We have enough Knowledge to make us Religiousbut not enough to make us Godly.We have enough Reasons for being critical about othersbut never enough to be Compassionate.We have enough Wisdom to say that we are Rightbut never enough to Say "God I'm Sorry".We have enough Friends who leads us astraybut never enough who builds us Spiritually.We have enough Talents to score point over othersbut never enough to Serve one another.We have enough Achievements to fill ourselves with Self-Glorybut not enough to make us Holy.We have enough Time to attend all our Needsbut never enough to Seek God in Worship....God please help us to have enough but plenteous enough to 'Please You' in all the ways of our Life.- Santosh Thankachan
Joseph Abboud|Movies are a complicated collision of literature, theatre, music and all the visual arts.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|The best self help book I've ever read was, The little Engine that Could.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The nuns taught us there are two ways through life, the way of Nature and the way of Grace. You have to choose which one you'll follow. Grace doesn't try to please itself. Accepts being slighted, forgotten, disliked. Accepts insults and injuries.Nature only wants to please itself. Get others to please it too. Likes to lord it over them. To have its own way. It finds reasons to be unhappy when all the world is shining around it. And love is smiling through all things.
Katherine J Walden|Christ says, ‘Give me All. I don’t want so much of your time and so much of your money and so much of your work: I want You. I have not come to torment your natural self, but to kill it. No half-measures are any good. I don’t want to cut off a branch here and a branch there, I want to have the whole tree down. … Hand over the whole natural self, all the desires which you think innocent as well as the ones you think wicked—the whole outfit. I will give you a new self instead. In fact, I will give you Myself: my own will shall become yours.’” (Mere Christianity, New York: Collier Books, 1960, p. 167.)
Bill Watterson|In my opinion, we don't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|Someday, even my existence would be felt.
Ivan V. Lalić|Places We LovePlaces we love exist only through us,Space destroyed is only illusion in the constancy of time,Places we love we can never leave,Places we love together, together, together,And is this room really a room, or an embrace,And what is beneath the window: a street or years?And the window is only the imprint left byThe first rain we understood, returning endlessly,And this wall does not define the room, but perhaps the nightYour son began to move in your sleeping blood,A son like a butterfly of flame in your hall of mirrors,The night you were frightened by your own light,And this door leads into any afternoonWhich outlives it, forever peopledWith your casual movements, as you stepped,Like fire into copper, into my only memory;When you go, space closes over like water behind you,Do not look back: there is nothing outside you,Space is only time visible in a different way,Places we love we can never leave.
Tao Lin, Bed|Histories, chronologies and almanacs offer us the illusion of progress, even though, over and over again, we are given proof that there is no such thing.
Tobias Wolff|Indie authors write, design, sell. Like magic, skip one and you make must read vanish.
Debasish Mridha|You are the loving child of this universe, she is always eager to help you, your joy is her happiness.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I couldn’t talk about it, about them—not yet. So I breathed “Later” and hooked my feet around his legs, drawing him closer. I placed my hands on his chest, feeling the heart beating beneath. This—I needed this right now. It wouldn’t wash away what I’d done, but … I needed him near, needed to smell and taste him, remind myself that he was real—this was real.“Later,” he echoed, and leaned down to kiss me.It was soft, tentative—nothing like the wild, hard kisses we’d shared in the hall of throne room. He brushed his lips against mine again. I didn’t want apologies, didn’t want sympathy or coddling. I gripped the front of his tunic, tugging him closer as I opened my mouth to him.He let out a low growl, and the sound of it sent a wildfire blazing through me, pooling and burning in my core. I let it burn through that hole in my chest, my soul. Let it raze through the wave of black that was starting to press around me, let it consume the phantom blood I could still feel on my hands. I gave myself to that fire, to him, as his hands roved across me, unbuttoning as he went.I pulled back, breaking the kiss to look into his face. His eyes were bright—hungry—but his hands had stopped their exploring and rested firmly on my hips. With a predator’s stillness, he waited and watched as I traced the contours of his face, as I kissed every place I touched.His ragged breathing was the only sound—and his hands soon began roaming across my back and sides, caressing and teasing and baring me to him. When my traveling fingers reached his mouth, he bit down on one, sucking it into his mouth. It didn’t hurt, but the bite was hard enough for me to meet his eyes again. To realize that he was done waiting—and so was I.He eased me onto the bed, murmuring my name against my neck, the shell of my ear, the tips of my fingers. I urged him—faster, harder. His mouth explored the curve of my breast, the inside of my thigh.A kiss for each day we’d spent apart, a kiss for every wound and terror, a kiss for the ink etched into my flesh, and for all the days we would be together after this. Days, perhaps, that I no longer deserved. But I gave myself again to that fire, threw myself into it, into him, and let myself burn.
Jeane Kirkpatrick|The fact is that democracy anywhere in the world, including in the United States, is not something that comes easy. And yet, we are committed to it, and equality and democracy are the only ways in the long run that Jews will be safe in the Middle East.
Sylvia Plath|When the poet is in love, he is incapable of writing poetry on love. He has to write when he remembers that he was in love.
Patrick W. Corrigan|I have suffered pains and torture of all natures. I have heard many say, "I am a survivor." I am not in a boat in a sea of torture awaiting to be rescued. I am a Conqueror, I am a Victor...I am one with myself.I AM FREE!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pure heart begets pure body, soul and spirit.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|When people cheat in any arena, they diminish themselves-they threaten their own self-esteem and their relationships with others by undermining the trust they have in their ability to succeed and in their ability to be true.
Stephen Hawking|To an honest judge, the alleged marriage between religion and science is a shallow, empty, spin-doctored sham.
Nyanaponika Thera|Two thoughts cannot coexist at the same time: if the clear light of mindfulness is present, there is no room for mental twilight.
Simon Mainwaring|Kill all the rich people. Break up their cars and apartments. Bring the revolution home, kill your parents, that's where it's really at.
Will Rogers|You develop an instant global consciousness, a people orientation, an intense dissatisfaction with the state of the world, and a compulsion to do something about it. From out there on the moon, international politics looks so petty.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|…words have been all my life, all my life--this need is like the Spider's need who carries before her a huge Burden of Silk which she must spin out--the silk is her life, her home, her safety--her food and drink too--and if it is attacked or pulled down, why, what can she do but make more, spin afresh, design anew….
Scott Adams|I hope that the restaurant I go to will have buffalo chicken fingers. I hope that one day I can work with Matt Damon. I have big and little dreams, and they're all equally important to me. A life without buffalo chicken fingers, I don't know if I would want that life. Even if it meant I got to work with Matt Damon. Everything has its worth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you fall in love, make sure your landing is soft.
Kristen Ashley|When they reached the table, Hannah started to introduce them. “Layla, this is Joe. Joe, this is—”“We’ve already met,” said Joseph, extending his hand and smiling.“Have we?” asked Layla, baffled.“Have you?” said Hannah. This was news to her.“Yeah, we have,” continued Joseph. “A couple of hours ago. On the road into the village. You tried to kill me, remember?”“Kill you?” gasped Layla. “You’re the biker? The one I knocked over?”“You knocked him over?” repeated Hannah in horror.“I didn’t mean to,” explained Layla quickly. “It was an accident. I was going to tell you about it. I just haven’t had the chance yet.”Turning to Joseph, Hannah asked, “Are you okay? Are you hurt at all?”“Well,” he replied somberly, “apart from my right arm, which I’m not sure is going to be of much use to me ever again, I’m fine.”As Layla’s jaw dropped open, he added quickly, “I’m joking. Really, it’s just a joke. I’m fine.”“Right, well, in that case,” Hannah continued, “as I was saying, Layla, this is Joseph Scott. Joe, this is Layla Lewis, your would-be killer, next door neighbor, and my best friend. She’s house-sitting whilst Lenny’s in Scotland.”“Next door neighbor, huh?” replied Joseph, taking a swig from his pint glass. “That could prove interesting.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|We will strengthen our security by building missile defense, restoring our military might, and standing by and strengthening our intelligence officers.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|By means of poetry all this suffering and effort could be transformed into dream; no matter how much of the ephemeral existed, poetry could immortalize it by turning it into song. Only two or three primitive passions had governed me until this time: fear, the struggle to conquer fear, and the yearning for freedom. But now two new passions were kindled inside me: beauty and the thirst for learning.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Beloved, let us love one another, for love is from God; and everyone who loves is born of God and knows God
Billy Collins|I seriously believed that my last hour was approaching, and yet, so strange is imagination, all I thought of was some childish hypothesis or other. In such circumstances, you do not choose your own thoughts. They overcome you.
Elaine Pagels|I was born on January 8, 1942, exactly three hundred years after the death of Galileo. I estimate, however, that about two hundred thousand other babies were also born that day. I don't know whether any of them was later interested in astronomy.
Helen Grant, The Vanishing of Katharina Linden|He's better now, Loo. He's taking care of the cats.
Sanhita Baruah|Sometimes, you don't get what you want the most... At other times, you're just lucky.
Abrams & Elliott, Inveiglement: Invitation|Oh God, your cock is going to be the end of me.” —Sofia Herrera (Exposed, Unbearable Passion, #3)
Alin Sav|If you have dreams, we give them wings
Robin Constantine, The Promise of Amazing|I believe in witches, Sophia,” his deep voice hypnotized her.“I hope you don’t burn me at the stake,” she murmured to him.“I don’t burn witches. I set them on fire,” Alistair whispered so low Sophia thought she had heard wrong.
Steven Chopade|Your tongue, His name.
John Delaney|Songs really are like a form of time travel because they really have moved forward in a bubble. Everyone who's connected with it, the studio's gone, the musicians are gone, and the only thing that's left is this recording which was only about a three-minute period maybe 70 years ago.
Prashant|time does stop sometimes, you see everyone passing by, following their destiny and the destination it is leading, and you conclude its better where you are then moving again....often history repeats itself before it changes.....
James Salter, Light Years|...alone in this city, alone on this sea. The days were strewn about him, he was a drunkard of days. He had achieved nothing. He had his life--it was not worth much--not like a life that, though ended, had truly been something. If I had had courage,he thought, if I had had faith. We preserve ourselves as if that were important, and always at the expense of others. We hoard ourselves. We succeed if they fail, we are wise if they are foolish, and we go onward, clutching, until there is no one--we are left with no companion save God. In whom we do not believe. Who we know does not exist.
Chani Lynn Feener, Where Thy Dark Eye Glances|We all know how it says it’s going to end, Dreamer, but no one knows for sure. That’s up to you, and your friends. It is the Four who shall decide whether or not it comes true, not a bunch of words written on a piece of paper. Not even,” he turned the book around so that its insides were facing her, “if it’s written in on very old, very large, dusty paper.
Justin Cronin, The Twelve|Just when the question of how to live had become clearer to him, a new insoluble problem presented itself - Death.
Gregory Frost|The frenzies of the chase had by this time worked them bubblingly up, like old wine worked anew. Whatever pale fears and forebodings some of them might have felt before; these were not only now kept out of sight through the growing awe of Ahab, but they were broken up, and on all sides routed, as timid prairie hares that scatter before the bounding bison. The hand of Fate had snatched all their souls; and by the stirring perils of the previous day; the rack of the past night's suspense; the fixed, unfearing, blind, reckless way in which their wild craft went plunging towards its flying mark; by all these things, their hearts were bowled along. The wind that made great bellies of their sails, and rushed the vessel on by arms invisible as irresistible; this seemed the symbol of that unseen agency which so enslaved them to the race.They were one man, not thirty. For as the one ship that held them all; though it was put together of all contrasting things — oak, and maple, and pine wood; iron, and pitch, and hemp — yet all these ran into each other in the one concrete hull, which shot on its way, both balanced and directed by the long central keel; even so, all the individualities of the crew, this man's valor, that man's fear; guilt and guiltiness, all varieties were welded into oneness, and were all directed to that fatal goal which Ahab their one lord and keel did point to.The rigging lived. The mast-heads, like the tops of tall palms, were outspreadingly tufted with arms and legs. Clinging to a spar with one hand, some reached forth the other with impatient wavings; others, shading their eyes from the vivid sunlight, sat far out on the rocking yards; all the spars in full bearing of mortals, ready and ripe for their fate. Ah! how they still strove through that infinite blueness to seek out the thing that might destroy them!
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|They can fly and they howl, they slaughter depression and headaches, they daydream like gangbanging daffodils, orchids and cherry blossoms grasping mauve toffee clouds, they breastfeed laughter.
Niall Williams, History of the Rain|My cousin Helen, who is in her 90s now, was in the Warsaw ghetto during World War II. She and a bunch of the girls in the ghetto had to do sewing each day. And if you were found with a book, it was an automatic death penalty. She had gotten hold of a copy of ‘Gone With the Wind’, and she would take three or four hours out of her sleeping time each night to read. And then, during the hour or so when they were sewing the next day, she would tell them all the story. These girls were risking certain death for a story. And when she told me that story herself, it actually made what I do feel more important. Because giving people stories is not a luxury. It’s actually one of the things that you live and die for.
Jolene Perry|Do you feel safe there?"Immediately tears come down my face. "Yes.""Why does that make you cry?
Uzo Aduba|I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car.
Robin Holt|To "know" reality you cannot stand outside it and define it; you must enter into it, be it, and feel it.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|Subjugation requires vigilance; if you relax your brutality even for a moment, the people you're oppressing will revolt at the first sign of weakness. That's why dictatorial regimes are always a slippery slope of cruelty doomed to end in failure.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|All this will happen because people have neglected the basic lessons of Science, they have gone in for politics and religion and wars instead, and sought out passionate excuses for killing one another. Science on the other hand is dispassionate and without bias, it is the only universal language. The language is numbers. When at last we are up to our ears in death and garbage, we will look to Science to clean up our mess.
Laura Lee Guhrke, Scandal of the Year|But time in only another liar, so go along the wall a little further: if blackberries prove bitter there'll be mushrooms, fairy-ring mushrooms in the grass, sweetest of all fungi.
Debasish Mridha|Intelligence is not knowledge, but it is a state of mind.
Neil Postman|It is naive to suppose that something that has been expressed in one form can be expressed in another without significantly changing its meaning, texture or value. Much prose translates fairly well from one language to another, but we know that poetry does not; we may get a rough idea of the sense of a translated poem but usually everything else is lost, especially that which makes it an object of beauty. The translation makes it into something it was not.
Henry Rollins|There is nothing like being told to go fuck yourself by the same person who was, only days before, praying on your behalf.
Praveen Chenna|Too often, we judge other groups by their worst examples - while judging ourselves by our best intentions. And this has strained our bonds of understanding and common purpose.But Americans, I think, have a great advantage. To renew our unity, we only need to remember our values. We have never been held together by blood or background. We are bound by things of the spirit – by shared commitments to common ideals.
Sandra Bullock|Education, n.: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|Confronted with this double madness of the labourers killing themselves with over-production and vegetating in abstinence, the great problem of capitalist production is no longer to find producers and to multiply their powers but to discover consumers, to excite their appetites and create in them fictitious needs.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Thunder and blood and night must usurp our parts, to complete and make up the catastrophe of this great piece.
Redd Foxx|America's health depends on all businesses, not just healthcare companies, to do their part.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Words can heal, words can also kill. Choose your words carefully so that you'll pull people away from their emotional graves rather than pushing them into it! Inspire, don't insult!
Harvey Milk|Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies.
Debasish Mridha|If you do nothing, nothing will get done and nothing will change.
Rose Kennedy|It's a job. I entertain my readers. I get up in the morning, and I start typing.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Why do we have to listen to our hearts?” the boy asked, when they had made camp that day.“Because, wherever your heart is, that is where you'll find your treasure.”“But my heart is agitated,” the boy said. “It has its dreams, it gets emotional, and it's become passionate over a woman of the desert. It asks things of me, and it keeps me from sleeping many nights, when I'm thinking about her.”“Well, that's good. Your heart is alive. Keep listening to what it has to say.” . . .“My heart is a traitor,” the boy said to the alchemist, when they had paused to rest the horses. “it doesn't want me to go on.”“That makes sense,” the alchemist answered. “Naturally it's afraid that, in pursuing your dream, you might lose everything you've won.”“Well then, why should I listen to my heart?”“Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet. Even if you pretend not to have heard what it tells you, it will always be there inside you, repeating to you what you're thinking about life and about the world.”“You mean I should listen, even if it's treasonous?”“Treason is a blow that comes unexpectedly. If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you. Because you'll know it's dreams and wishes, and will know how to deal with them.”“You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say. That way, you'll never have to fear an unexpected blow.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|History is story, too. You don't encounter her directly; you've only heard of her through narrative of one sort or another.
Keith Buckley, Scale: A Novel|If I could bottle this exact feeling I have right now, and sell it, I'd make millions." I said to Chet"Well, unfortunately for you, but luckily for every other adult, someone already has. They called it alcohol.
J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction|I should ask if it was good for you," Miles murmured, "but given that evidently you acquired the answer to life, the universe, and everything, it must have been-excuse the word-cosmic.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If God has given us life, He is capable of any other thing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each new day, our minds grow older; the better or bitter daily lesson that makes our minds grow older is the matter!
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|The terrifying experience and obsession of death, when preserved in consciousness, becomes ruinous. If you talk about death, you save part of yourself. But at the same time, something of your real self dies, because objectified meanings lose the actuality they have in consciousness.
Jeanette Coron|It’s better to die pursuing your dreams and destiny, than to live a life in fear of failure.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The more a person is united within himself or herself and inwardly simple, the more and higher things he or she understands, because he or she receives the light of understanding from within.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The church is blending into the community by embracing what the world enjoys and, in turn, bringing inside the church the world’s ideas and interests.
Mo Rocca|Van Gogh on Christmas: And now we’re slowly heading towards winter, and many dread it, but Christmas is wonderful, it’s like the moss on the roofs and like the pine and the holly and the ivy in the snow. Isleworth, 10 November 1876
Auliq Ice|Even though everybody hates you, you'll always have a friend who protects you and wishes to uplift you from pain, misery and suffering and that will always turn and remain the hardest blow to those who hate you.
Mrinalini Mitra|I dream of being there,Where the skies lie below,Clouds flow like the endless river,Where all the divinity is before me, with me,And in the shadows yet above all,Above all who choose to hide,I run along the stars,Wake up the ever-glowing sky,And sleep to the sound of the universes beating heart...
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|In a real poem a sound does not swallow a letter, but a letter swallows a sound.
Robert   Harris, The Ghost|A book unwritten is a delightful universe of infinite possibilities. Set down one word, however, and it immediately becomes earthbound. Set down one sentence and it’s halfway to being just like every other bloody book that’s ever been written.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Love's a strong word and I haven't yet found a man who's willing to put me first in his life. I'm not the type to jump into a relationship simply because I can't live without a man. I'm a workaholic so more or less my work takes up most of my free time. (Serena)Well, maybe one day someone will walk into your life and you'll suddenly realize that you can't live without him; that will be the moment that you'll open your heart and let him into your life. (James)
J.K. Rowling|Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters.
Francesca Lia Block, Witch Baby|My mother says that pain is hidden in everyone you see. She says try to imagine it like big bunches of flowers that everyone is carrying around with them. Think of your pain like a big bunch of red roses, a beautiful thorn necklace. Everyone has one.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I don't think I can give you an answer. Oh, I could give you Freudian reasons with fancy talk, and that would be right as far as it went. But what you want are the reasons for the reasons, and I'm not able to give you those. Not for the others, anyway. For myself? Guilt. Shame. Fear. Self-belittlement. I discovered at an early age that I was-- shall we be kind and say different? It's a better, more general world than the other one. I indulged in certain practices that our society regards as shameful. And I got sick. It wasn't the practices, I don't think, it was the feeling that the great, deadly, pointing forefinger of society was pointing at me--and the great voice of millions chanting, 'Shame. Shame. Shame.' It's society's way of dealing with someone different.
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|Still, Luce held firm to the belief that quiet and solitude were good for you, offering peace, or at least hope for peace.
Shimon Peres|Team sports aren't my thing. I find it easier to pick something up if I can do it at my own speed. And you don't need a partner to go running, you don't need a particular place, like in tennis, just a pair of trainers.
Alexandra Hawkins, Waiting For an Earl Like You|Cole stilled when his feral eyes found her, roaming every inch as though searching for a wound. The doorway framed him like a portal to purgatory, and he stood like an avenging archangel come to wreak a wrath no less than biblical. The swells of his powerful chest heaved against the white of his shirtsleeves now blotched and stained with blood. The blade on his prosthesis was extended past the motionless metal fingers, and blood dripped from it into a thick crimson puddle on the marble floor.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Introverts, in contrast, may have strong social skills and enjoy parties and business meetings, but after a while wish they were home in their pajamas. They prefer to devote their social energies to close friends, colleagues, and family. They listen more than they talk, think before they speak, and often feel as if they express themselves better in writing than in conversation. They tend to dislike conflict. Many have a horror of small talk, but enjoy deep discussions.
Rosanna Pansino|My dad was a very quiet person, and unbelievably tough. But my grandmother gave me my first look at negative thinking to bring about positive results. When I was just a little guy, anytime I came to my grandmother and said I wish for this or that, Grandma would say, 'If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.'
Scott Stabile|You don’t have to do the same things you’ve always done, if it no longer feels good to do them. Give yourself permission to try something different, something new. Give yourself permission to break away from routine and obligation. Permission to explore, and to soar.
Bessie Delany|All I ever wanted in my life was to be treated as an individual. I have succeeded, to some extent. At least I'm sure that in the Lord's eyes, I am an individual. I am not a "colored" person, or a "Negro" person, in God's eyes. I am just me! The Lord won't hold it against me that I'm colored because He made me that way! He thinks I am beautiful! And so do I, even with all my wrinkles! I am beautiful!
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
John  Williams, Stoner|When he was young, he told her, each phase of his life, each self he tried on, had seemed reassuringly temporary. Its imperfections didn't matter, because he could easily replace one moment by the next, one Saladin by another.
Josie Loren|The idea of being able to serve as an example, based upon how to process, how to think, how to realize our own dreams, we can pass that down to our children.
William Kingdon Clifford, Lectures and Essays by the Late William Kingdon Clifford, F.R.S.|What a wonderful and amazing Scheme have we here of the magnificent Vastness of the Universe! So many Suns, so many Earths, and every one of them stock’d with so many Herbs, Trees and Animals, and adorn’d with so many Seas and Mountains! And how must our wonder and admiration be encreased when we consider the prodigious distance and multitude of the Stars?
Alexei Maxim Russell, Forgotten Lore: Volume II|The world suddenly opened up, and she was coming to new realizations and a greater awareness, concerning the nature of reality, and the world, which her mortal mind had previously been unable to conceive. She smiled her radiant goddess smile and began to laugh. Her omnipresent peals of mirth resonated through the forest, seeming to echo to the edges of the universe and back. She was getting her first glimpses of the world, seen through the eyes of a goddess; the first sweet tastes of a consciousness empowered beyond all human levels of comprehension, and her spirit was in exultant bliss.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The point of life was to press on, to do the best you can, to make the world a better place.
Aisha Tyler|The ideas associated with the problems of the development of science, as far as I can see by looking around me, are not of the kind that everyone appreciates.
James Hollis, Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men|One of the bridges between sexes, to be sure, is sex. But men, too often feeling deficient in discourse, place too much emphasis on intercourse.
Lauren Graham, Talking as Fast as I Can: From Gilmore Girls to Gilmore Girls, and Everything in Between|In my experience, there’s no secret to accomplishing almost any goal worth pursuing.
George Cardinal Pell, God and Caesar: Selected Essays on Religion, Politics, and Society|I should have forgiven him.”“Maybe. Maybe there’s more we all could have done,” he says, “but we just have to let the guilt remind us to do better next time.”I frown and pull back. That is a lesson that members of Abnegation learn – guilt as a tool, rather than a weapon against the self.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Sometimes the further away the target, the less you have to try to get there.
Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign|When you give each other everything, it becomes an even trade. Each wins all.
Michelle O'Leary, Last Chance|She paused and saw him tense in expectation. He wouldn’t like to hear this, but better from her than one of the others. “You aren’t the only pilot I have in my service. And you aren’t the only person with a dark past, though the illegal things that you did, you were forced to do by the Core. But I will tell you what I’ve told the others. This is your last chance. You screw up with me and you get shipped up river. I don’t offer second chances—I offer last chances.”Nope, he didn’t like it. She saw the hand not holding the bottle of beer curl into a fist.Sin and Del, from Sunscapes Trilogy, Book 1: Last Chance
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|Music resembles poetry, in eachAre nameless graces which no methods teach,And which a master hand alone can reach.
Jellis Vaes|If there is something that I have learned from my time on this planet of ours, something that I can share and that I know to be true, it’s that we disconnect ourselves from nature and the wilderness too many times. Our birthplace. Our home.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|The logic: Reading is a private pursuit, one that often takes place behind closed doors. A young lady might retreat with a book, might even take it into her boudoir, and there, reclining on here silken sheets, imbibing the thrills and chills manufactured by writerly quills, one of her hands, one not absolutely needed to grip the little volume, might wander. The fear, in short, as one-handed reading. [p. 146]
Karen Salmansohn|I do believe that during the Bush-Cheney administration, that Vice President Cheney set a tone and an attitude for the CIA.
Dean Koontz|What was destiny? What was the power that shaped the patterns and attempted to enforce them? God? Should she be raging at God - or begging Him to let her son live and to spare her from the life of a cripple? Or was the power behind destiny merely a natural mechanism, a force no different in origin from gravity or magnetism?
Wes Adamson|The fundamental absurdity of materialism is that it starts from the objective, and takes as the ultimate ground of explanation something objective, whether it be matter in the abstract, simply as it is thought, or after it has taken form, is empirically given - that is to say, is substance, the chemical element with its primary relations. Some such thing it takes, as existing absolutely and in itself, in order that it may evolve organic nature and finally the knowing subject from it, and explain them adequately by means of it; whereas in truth all that is objective is already determined as such in manifold ways by the knowing subject through its forms of knowing, and presupposes them; and consequently it entirely disappears if we think the subject away. Thus materialism is the attempt to explain what is immediately given us by what is given us indirectly.
Mikhail Kalashnikov|To the indefinite, uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible. The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement, a sort of intellectual hash, which has neither taste nor character.
Erik Pevernagie|So you realized that there were always women in tears, or a red-headed man, or something else to spoil your effects?""Yes, naturally.
Bryan Greenberg|If you can get a teen leader in each sector of a student population, you can pull people in. Everybody wants to get involved, but most are too afraid. When they see a person they think is cool leading it, they're first to join.
Richard Castle|If he could do one thing, he could run. He had spent his life running, secrets spitting at his back.
Frank Peretti|Whatever science and philosophy may do for mankind, the world can never outgrow its need of the simplicity that is in Christ.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are some ignorant and immoral politicians, the more they win the elections the more their countries lose! Their victory always results in the defeat and the collapse of the whole country!
Dada Bhagwan|The mud of this body-complex (pudgal - that which charges and disharges) is such that the harder one tries to get out, the deeper and deeper he sinks into it.
Bluenscottish|The art of loving is not how many you touch, it is the heart of one that shows a masterpiece of your deepest design.~Bluenscottish
Caroline Goode|[D]oing nothing meant leaving things exactly the way they were, and that was unacceptable.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|We all look for meaning behind the tragedies that befall us. And sometimes the meaning is there. But sometimes, Master Bruce, terrible things just happen. No sinister plots. No secret societies. They just happen.
Paulo Freire|As your consciousness, refinement and pureness of heart expands you will become less judgmental, less corrective, less reactive, less black-and-white, less critical, less apt to blame and less tormented by others and their faults and views.
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|I pick up a copy of Newsweek on the plane and immediately notice how biased, slanted, and opinionated all the U.S. newsmagazine articles are. Not that the Euro and British press aren't biased as well--they certainly are--but living in the United States we are led to believe, and are constantly reminded, that our press is fair and free of bias. After such a short time away, I am shocked at how obviously and blatantly this lie is revealed--there is the 'reporting' that is essentially parroting what the White House press secretary announces; the myriad built-in assumptions that one ceases to register after being somewhere else for a while. The myth of neutrality is an effective blanket for a host of biases.
Jane Lynch|There've been a few mother-daughter movies that are somewhat realistic. But the mother-son movies are more comical than realistic: 'Throw Momma from the Train,' 'Stop! or My Mom Will Shoot.' You don't sit in the dark and go, 'Oh my God, that's my mother.'
Alfie Kohn|The more we want our children to be (1) lifelong learners, genuinely excited about words and numbers and ideas, (2) avoid sticking with what’s easy and safe, and (3) become sophisticated thinkers, the more we should do everything possible to help them forget about grades.
David Foster Wallace|Okay, you won our shitty little argument. Pass the world.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.
Robin Stern, The Gaslight Effect: How to Spot and Survive the Hidden Manipulation Others Use to Control Your Life|Paradoxically .. the very feminist movement that gave women more options also helped create pressure on many of us to be strong, successful, and independent—the kind of women who would theoretically be immune to any form of abuse from men. As a result, women who are in gaslighting and other types of abusive relationships may feel doubly ashamed: first, for being in a bad relationship, and second, for not living up to their self-imposed standards of strength and independence.
Benjamin Péret, Death to the Pigs and Other Writings|A suicide is always, for those close to the deceased, a tragic and agonising event; but when it is accomplished by means of jam, one cannot be less than terrified.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|She says it is a school for bluestockings which, according to her, is really only a fashionable way of saying it is a school for ugly girls who cannot find suitable husbands. To tease her, for I believe it is one of his greatest pleasures in this life, my father bought a pair of blue silk stockings for me the day we received my letter of acceptance. That evening and the next, father and I dined alone.
Nino Varsimashvili|I have learned that I should be careful with the words I choose to say when I am angry because later, those words always leave a huge wound of regrets in my heart besides hurting the loved ones. Those wounds can't be healed!
Jessica Valenti, Why Have Kids?: A New Mom Explores the Truth About Parenting and Happiness|Isn't this the truth of any good mother? That in all of our lives. We worry only about those we brought into this world, regardless of whether they loved us back or treated us fairly or understood our shortcomings.
L.M. Fields|You can either complain about how hard your life is, or you can realize that only you are responsible for it.
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|Have I been conditioned to believe that if I am not solicitous, if I am not forthcoming, if I am not a never-ending cornicopia of entertaining delights, they will take their collections of milk-bottle tops and their mangy one-eared teddy bears and go away into the woods by themselves to play snipers? Probably. What my mother things was merely cute may have been lethal.
Trent Reznor|All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like what's sexy or cool or tough.
Morrissey, Autobiography|Nothing fortified me, and simple loneliness all but destroyed me, yet I felt swamped by the belief that life must mean something- otherwise why was it there? Why was anything anything?
Christopher Hitchens|Indifferent to truth, willing to use police-state tactics and vulgar libels against inconvenient witnesses, hopeless on health care, and flippant and fast and loose with national security: The case against Hillary Clinton for president is open-and-shut. Of course, against all these considerations you might prefer the newly fashionable and more media-weighty notion that if you don't show her enough appreciation, and after all she's done for us, she may cry.
Johnny Marr|I was a little punk rocker and was pregnant with Sarah when I went to university. I had her in the Christmas holidays of the first term. It was 1979, and UCL was very proud of its reputation as a liberal university, so they were very helpful.
Matshona Dhliwayo|What is in great demand, but scarce, is expensive, but even when wisdom is not in demand it is priceless.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|Being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|If your child can't resist throwing gravel in the park, in spite of your efforts to offer tempting alternatives, you can say, "I'm taking you home now. I don't want anyone to get hit by a rock, even a little one." If your child wants to help put pancake batter in the pan, but despite friendly reminders you can't convince him not to jump around at the stove, you can say, "I can't cook with you now. I'm too worried about burns.” If your child refuses to get in his carseat, "I can see the seat belt is uncomfortable. You feel freer without it. I can't take you to your friend's house without the belt buckled." Or, "I don't want to be late for work. I'm buckling you in. I know how much you hate it!
Gavin John Adams, Letters to John Law|In the old world, you devoted 30% of your time to building a great service and 70% of your time to shouting about it. In the new world, that inverts.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Magic is in her just as it is in Dickon," said Colin. "It makes her think of ways to do things - nice things.
Christian Louboutin|I'd already decided I wanted to design shoes after I saw a sign in the Museum of African and Oceanic Art forbidding high heels. Well, who could resist?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|You don't need to kill with a sword, the tongue can do equally a better job and police will not knock on your door
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Dreams|She's alone, Inserted so deep in her blankets; I'm going to need a map to find her.
|Every moment spent on impressing others, makes one's life shorter than it already is.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|Great, numbskull. Just bloody great. You've already managed to piss off the Queen. What's next on your agenda, setting fire to Disneyland?
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Yet the Narrator’s quest is not only for his own identity and vocation. He seeks an understanding of art, sexuality and worldly and political affairs: he is a snoop and a voyeur; he comments and classifies; his taxonomic impulse makes the novel appear to be a vast compendium, replete with burrowing wasps and bedsteads, military strategies, stereoscopes, asparagus and aeroplanes.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In the morning, prayer is the key that opens to usthe treasures of God’s mercies and blessings; in the evening, it is the key that shuts us up under His protection and safeguard.
J.A. London, Darkness Before Dawn|Okay, okay, okay … go to your corners, boys. This is a nice Aubusson carpet you’re standing on. You get blood on it and I’ll have Fritz so far up my ass I’ll be coughing on his hankie.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Generosity is also marked by doing what one says one will do. Saadi teaches: ‘when the generous promise, they perform
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|When spring comes, I shall meet you at the Municipal Library, and you will see how much I've learned! You'll be so proud of me and love me so!''Oh, Ell, but I do love you! Right now!''One can always bear more love,' the Wyverary purred.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Highwayman|Love is quite like reading, I expect. Once you know how, you can't ever imagine not doing it.
Debra L. Kaplan|When sex and money are fused in the service of exploitation, the two create an even more destructive form of rage of a type often exhibited in narcissistic and potentially psychopathic populations.
Roman Payne|You have a great name .. They must kill your name before they can kill you , cuz name is your idea , and ideas are bulletproofs :))
Becky Wade, True to You|What I've learned is that the past might be challenging and the future might be unsure. And that's okay. The present is all we're given, anyway. When we get to the future, God will be there. He'll supply whatever we need for each day.
M.F.K. Fisher, Sister Age|Inwardly, though, she was blown empty by a giant breath, and while they stood waiting for Mr. Henshaw to tie up the Clara she knew that she would never be the same poor, ignorant woman of an hour ago. She would be poor, all right, and she would be ignorant and she would be a woman, but never in the same ways.
Carol Shields|When presented with a member of the opposite sex, some of us get numbers and some of us throw up.
Padma Lakshmi|If two very different people pool their DNA, they'll create more genetic variety, and their young will come to the job of parenting with a wider array of skills.
Jamie McGuire, A Beautiful Wedding|You have no idea how cute you look with all those snowflakes in your hair,” he murmured.“And you look cute with hypothermia. I hope to God you can get a real coat while you’re here.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If I do not personify God, you call me an atheist. But I do not personify God because I refuse to limit God to the boundaries of my imagination... or yours.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|The Astors and the Vanderbilts, their pleasure domes and money: she was sick of it. Sick of envying, sick of herself. She didn't understand antiques or architecture, she couldn't draw like Sylvia, she didn't read like Ted, she had few interests and no expertise. A paucity for love was the only true thing she'd ever had.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|YOU are becoming a new species. The vibrations in and around you are increasing in speed. YOU are all adjusting to these higher dimensional energies (consciously and unconsciously). Without awareness of this process, you may feel lost, overwhelmed, anxious and hopeless. WITH A SHIFT OF CONSCIOUSNESS, YOU CAN THRIVE AS WELL AS CREATE YOUR FUTURE.
Quinn Loftis, Out of the Dark|Humans, we just hop out of things, off things. We splatter ourselves in inappropriate places. Because we have nothing to live for. Because we want to destroy what we can. Because we want to be something we can’t. Because we don’t really believe we can die.
William Golding|Courage was not something one picked out of the air. It was something like a bank account. You could withdraw only so much before it was necessary to stop, to take the time to make new deposits.
Timberlake Wertenbaker|I AM 27 YEARS OLD"If as a baby you can remain,Then in my bosom you’d always stay.And my need to love and care,Will only grow stronger without shadow or fear.By no one could my love be taken away, For you'd be the reason why I live today.And my Love; for this my life will stay, If my baby you'd forever remain.
Lucifer|A sword wields no strength, unless the hand that holds it has courage.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Panic, fear, worry, doubt, negativity ... words not recognized by Cosmic Ordering.
Virgil|I went to school with butterflies of fear every day for years - from primary school onwards - not just worried about being bullied by classmates, but by teachers.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|You all right, man?' This should be my name. I could be like a super hero: You All Right Man. Ah...' I stumble.Don't bug Craig,' Ronny is like. 'He's in the Craig zone. He's Craig-ing out.
Richard Corliss|People just assume that if you're famous, you're in Hollywood.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.
Darren Shan, Lady of the Shades|It is a lonely thing, remembering for someone else.
Margaret Rome, Palace of the Hawk|My dad, who my mom always refers to as DH for Darling Husband, was protrayed as a 'let's look on the bright side of things' kind of guy, the pillar my everbumbling mother leans on in times of distress.
Wilson M. Mukama|Wealth is not about accumulating money into bank accounts or pockets or having multi properties to make you look rich and famous to people, it is when you make others surrounding you healthier, happier and have balanced lives matched to your wealth so as to reflect your wealth and life for the benefit of others.
Debasish Mridha|To feel pure joy, the road of peace is the only road we should walk.
James Patrick Kelly, Mr. Boy|Still, I could not imagine how being poor could be worse than being rich and hating yourself. I had seen enough of what it was like to be dead. It was time to try living.
Gugu Mona|Every season has a reason. Summer cannot do the works of winter, nor winter the works of summer. Each season is unique yet so important, so cherish the seasons in your life.
Alice W. Flaherty, The Midnight Disease: The Drive to Write, Writer's Block, and the Creative Brain|Above all, readers want useful information, whether from a road sign or an investment guide. This motive is not completely absent even in readers of fiction, although few people read Madame Bovary for straightforward advice on how not to run a marriage. At a more abstract level, readers want a narrative that makes the world seem to make sense, and they sometimes choose stories that fit with their worldview rather than stories that fit the facts.
Lorii Myers, Make It Happen, A Healthy, Competitive Approach to Achieving Personal Success|When the awareness of what is achievable brushes your life, your journey has begun.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|All people are musicians" Wit countered. "The question is whether or not they share their songs.
Alexandre Dumas, Twenty Years After|Friendship throws out deep roots in honest hearts, D'Artagnan. Believe me, it is only the evil-minded who deny friendship; they cannot understand it.
Arthur Wellesley|Tell Jack that after he finishs saving the universe again, he has to take out the trash in the kitchen."-Rosalind Kirby, one day in 1971
|The walls that a hateful mind builds around it, make it impossible for happiness to find its way in.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Attacking a provincial lord in his manor house, surrounded by guards...Honestly, Kell, I'd nearly forgotten how foolhardy you can be."Foolhardy?" Kelsier asked with a laugh. "that wasn't foolhardy - that was just a small diversion. You should see some of the things I'm planning to do!Dockson stood for a moment then he laughed too. "By the Lord Ruler, it's good to have you back, kell! I'm afraid I've grown rather boring during the last few years""We'll fix that" Kelsier promised.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Though you are as a drop in the ocean, without you, the universe would be empty.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|I am a scientist, and as such I am proud to say that being stupid at times is a very human thing. Be proud to be stupid, be proud to be fool. Being a fool is a billion times better than being blinded by the illusion of intellect. I admit I am a fool, but at the very least, with each passing day I do my best to get lesser fool.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Every day may not be good, but there is something good in every day!
J.K. Rowling|The wand picks you, you don't pick the wand.
Alberto Toscano|In reality, the laborer belongs to capital before he has sold himself to capital. His economic bondage is both brought about and concealed by the periodic sale of himself, by his change of masters, and by the oscillation in the market price of labor power. Capitalist production, therefore, under its aspect of a continuous connected process, of a process of reproduction, produces not only commodities, not only surplus value, but it also produces and reproduces the capitalist relation; on the one side the capitalist, on the other the wage-laborer.
Liv Rider, Wild City Life|Elizabeth laughed and pushed her father's shoulder. "Go, Papa, and be kind to him. I love him so. And it would be to your advantage to be on his good side." Mr. Bennet raised his eyebrows. "Oh, and why is that?" Because I have seen both his libraries in London and at Pemberley, Papa."Interested and amused, Mr. Bennet said, "Ahh, and are they very grand, Lizzy?"A more exquisite sight you will not see," she assured him.
Michael D. Barnes|I've got a great team of engineers behind this race car. I've got a great bunch of mechanics that make it reliable. This car is developed to go out there and be better than the Reynard, and I feel that it is.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|When we can't understand the science behind something in this world, we make up mythological entities that we can relate to. We personify the forces of nature that mystify us, using our boundless imaginations to comfort us and make us feel like we have some control over these things that are much bigger than we are.
Jeff Weiner|The education process is moving beyond the traditional classroom/lecture setting. More and more teachers are seeking tools and techniques to engage their classes and enrich their lessons. Video calling is one of these tools, as it removes barriers to communication and lets students move beyond the boundaries of their classrooms.
Owen   Jones, The Establishment: And How They Get Away with It|One day, this Establishment will fall. It will not do so on its own terms or of its own accord, but because it has been removed by a movement with a credible alternative that inspires. For those of us who want a different sort of society, it is surely time to get our act together.
Rachel Cusk|As it happened I was no longer interested in literature as a form of snobbery or even of self-definition — I had no desire to prove that one book was better than another; in fact, if I read something I admired I found myself increasingly disinclined to mention it at all. What I knew personally to be true had come to seem unrelated to the process of persuading others. I did not, any longer, want to persuade anyone of anything.
Henry Miller, A Literate Passion: Letters of Anaïs Nin  Henry Miller, 1932-1953|I want to undress you, vulgarize you a bit.
Robert Vanleeuwen|The grace by which our world relies, Is man’s ability to do good. But judgment seeks to condemn in our eyes, the times in which we could
Kathryn Hast, Otis Grows|Nothing special has happened today; no one can say she was more provoked than usual. It is only that every day one grows a little, every day something is different, so that in the heaping up of days suddenly a thing that was impossible has become possible. This is how a girl becomes a grown woman. Step by step until it is done.
David Nicholls, One Day|No, this, she felt, was real life and if she wasn’t as curious or passionate as she had once been, that was only to be expected. It would be inappropriate, undignified, at thirty-eight, to conduct friendships or love affairs with the ardour and intensity of a twenty-two-year-old. Falling in love like that? Writing poetry, crying at pop songs? Dragging people into photo-booths, taking a whole day to make a compilation tape, asking people if they wanted to share your bed, just for company? If you quoted Bob Dylan or T.S. Eliot or, God forbid, Brecht at someone these days they would smile politely and step quietly backwards, and who would blame them? Ridiculous, at thirty-eight, to expect a song or book or film to change your life. No, everything had evened out and settled down and life was lived against a general background hum of comfort, satisfaction and familiarity. There would be no more of these nerve-jangling highs and lows. The friends they had now would be the friends they had in five, ten, twenty years’ time. They expected to get neither dramatically richer or poorer; they expected to stay healthy for a little while yet. Caught in the middle; middle class, middle-aged; happy in that they were not overly happy. Finally, she loved someone and felt fairly confident that she was loved in return. If someone asked Emma, as they sometimes did at parties, how she and her husband had met, she told them:‘We grew up together.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|In an extroverted society, the difference between an introvert and an extrovert is that an introvert is often unconsciously deemed guilty until proven innocent.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Imp of The Perverse|If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being?
gaurav rao|Our Thoughts have life of its own: Their Birth, Influence and Death happens at our Mind level
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|when parameters are not set for man, there is always an unknown abuse
Fran Drescher|Push-ups, sit-ups, and a strict diet of raisins. That's my plan.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|You are a side effect," Van Houten continued, "of an evolutionary process that cares little for individual lives. You are a failed experiment in mutation.
Tomie dePaola, Strega Nona|In a town in Calabria, a long time ago, there lived an old lady everyone called Strega Nona, which meant "Grandma Witch".
Nelson Mandela|Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies.
Frank Bidart, Star Dust|drugged to sleep by repetition of the diurnalround, the monotonous sorrow of the finite,within       I am awakerepairing in dirt the frayed immaculate threadforced by being to watch the birth of suns
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Commander Tool Belt" Jason said."Bad Boy Supreme" Piper said."Chef Leo the Tofu Taco Expert."They laughed and told stories about Leo valdez, their best friend. They stayed on the roof until dawn rose, and Piper started to believe they could have a fresh start. It might even be possible to tell a new story in which Leo was still out there.Somewhere...
Emma Shevah|Humans don’t connect their actions with what befalls them. Don’t they perceive time as linear?”"They do,” said Aitassi. “They just don’t see why they should do anything individually to change their future to the one they want. All eight billion of them.
Frank O'Connor, Collected Stories|The Duke has decreed that the Castle is not cold." The gentleman's lips are almost blue from this lack of cold. "And the Duke is right and correct in this as in all things."...some very beautiful tapestries line the walls, but many of them are also full of holes. Perhaps the Duke has decreed that there are no moths, either.
Solange nicole|Sometimes I fear that even as a People when we take one step forward, we reel backwards ten times fold. I don't even think on the Precipice of Change will we truly move forward... It will most definitely take a Miracle.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Believe it, brethren, God looks for more from England, than from most nations in the world; and for more from you that enjoy these helps, than from the dark, untaught congregations of the land (271).
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Tonight was definitely an eye opener, but a reminder of how I use to be & why. Self discovery happens at such random times.
Nikola Tesla|Nadia's experiences during her first months as a single woman living on her own did, in some moments, equal or even surpass the loathsomeness and dangerousness that her family had warned her about. But she had a job at an insurance company, and she was determined to survive, and so she did.
Rose Wynters, Voluptuous Vindication|if psychoanalysis was late-19th-century secular Judaism's way of constructing spiritual meaning in a post-religious world and retail is the late 20th century's way of constructing meaning in a postreligious world, what does it mean that I'm impersonating the father of psychoanalysis in a store window to commemorate a religious holiday?
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|It's the story of my life. You see, the quality of any advice anybody has to offer has to be judged against the quality of life they actually lead. Now, as you look through this document you'll see that I've underlined all the major decisions I ever made to make the stand out. They're all indexed and cross-referenced. See? All I can suggest is that if you take decisions that are exactly opposite to the sort of decisions that I've taken, then maybe you won't finish up at the end of your life" --she paused, and filled her lungs for a good should--"in a smelly old cave like this!
Elizabeth Grace Saunders, The 3 Secrets to Effective Time Investment: Achieve More Success with Less Stress: Foreword by Cal Newport, Author of So Good They Can't Ignore You|Well, reading Twitter’s a lot like staring at an ant farm,” Tobey explained while wiping some cheese from his mouth. “Except without all the productivity.
Bogdan Vaida|Work hard now and reap the benefits later!^^^ so wrong!Work hard later and rip the benefits now!(What do you want to do when you grow old, travel the world? Instead, get a cosy work place and enjoy the safe life!)
J.L. McCoy, The Original Sin|You guys just aren’t fair, between your vampire pheromones and your gorgeous good looks, we humans just don’t stand a chance.
Roshan Sharma|If you can remain aware of your awareness, that is the present state of mind.
Samantha Power|Primarily motivated by a desire to keep abortion 'safe, legal and rare,' female liberals in the media have carte blanche to do and say anything.
Damien Keown, Buddhism: A Very Short Introduction|Every effort to understand destroys the object studied in favor of another object of a different nature; this second object requires from us a new effort which destroys it in favor of a third, and so on and so forth until we reach the one lasting presence, the point at which the distinction between meaning and the absence of meaning disappears: the same point from which we began.
Biyi Bandele-Thomas, The Street|It was good that she remembered him, though it was exhausting to do so.No rest for the weary. Or the dying. Or the dead.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|When my father wrote about fate, I think he was writing about the reality that is, when there are so many other realities that could have been.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Darius began to walk away, but as if he thought better of it, turned back to face Wharick. He stared into the Gwardian's eyes for a moment and then spoke quietly. "If ever a blade comes that close to my neck brother, the only debt you owe me is to make sure it connects.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When a dog goes bad, the fault lies with his master.
Mabel Iam|Among the many answers I have found, I believe love is the most beautiful and simple art that reflects the beauty of life.
Zooey Deschanel|I think it's no secret that I've tried to take chances in my career and also in my life, and I believe to not live in fear.
Sally Mann, Hold Still: A Memoir with Photographs|Part of the artist's job is to make the commonplace singular, to project a different interpretation onto the conventional.
T. S. Eliot|You are not here to verify,instruct yourself, or inform curiosityor carry report. You are here to kneelwhere prayer has been valid. And prayer is more than an order of words, the conscious occupation of the praying mind, or the sound of the voice praying.
Joe Beaton|The reason sex is fun is not to cater to the desire for individual human pleasure, but because humanity would have ceased to exist a long time ago if it were drudgery.
Jennifer S. Brown, Modern Girls|It was possible, I found, to both mourn a loss and yet be grateful it happened.
Robert Wald Sussman, The Myth of Race: The Troubling Persistence of an Unscientific Idea|Properly speaking, there are no barbarian standards. Barbarism is the absence of standards to which appeal can be made. The varying degrees of culture are measured by the greater or less precision of the standards. Where there is little such precision, these standards rule existence only grosso modo; where there is much they penetrate in detail into the exercise of all the activities.
Kira Cochrane, All the Rebel Women: The Rise of the Fourth Wave of Feminism|The academic and writer Sara Ahmed has written brilliantly about the idea of the feminist killjoy, and why it should be embraced – because feminism isn’t about making everyone around the table feel comfortable. It’s about being disruptive, challenging, and changing the terms of the debate, so that, over time, almost certainly with discomfort and backlash, everyone becomes freer.
Charlotte Eriksson|Even when the lights go out, even when someone says to me: "It's over---," even when from the stage a gray gust of emptiness drifts toward me,even when not one silent ancestor sits beside me anymore---not a woman, not even the boy with the brown squint-eye:I'll sit here anyway. One can always watch.
H. Rider Haggard, She|There is no such things as magic, though there is such a thing as knowledge of the hidden ways of Nature.
Howard Tayler, The Teraport Wars|Hobbes's analysis of the causes of violence, borne out by modern data on crime and war, shows that violence is not a primitive, irrational urge, nor is it a "pathology" except in the metaphorical sense of a condition that everyone would like to eliminate. Instead, it is a near-inevitable outcome of the dynamics of self-interested, rational social organisms.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Always the way!" muttered the Jew to himself as he turned homewards. "The worst of these women is, that a very little thing serves to call up some long-forgotten feeling; and the best of them is, that it never lasts. Ha! ha!
Harvey Milk|This planet is a broken bone that didn’t set right, a hundred pieces of crystal glued together. We’ve been shattered and reconstructed, told to make an effort every single day to pretend we still function the way we’re supposed to. But it’s a lie, it’s all a lie.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|There are guys who grow up thinking they'll settle down some distant time in the future, and there are guys who are ready for marriage as soon as they meet the right person. The former bore me, mainly because they're pathetic; and the latter, frankly are hard to find.
Robin R. Meyers, Saving Jesus from the Church: How to Stop Worshiping Christ and Start Following Jesus|As long as Christianity is the dominant belief system in America, we cannot afford to be biblically or theologically illiterate, regardless of our personal beliefs. (p. 8)
Brian Jacques, Lord Brocktree|So here is my story, may it bringSome smiles and a tear or so,It happened once upon a time,Far away, and long ago,Outside the night wind keens and wails,Come listen to me, the Teller of Tales!
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He was always seeking for a meaning in life, and here it seemed to him that a meaning was offered; but it was obscure and vague . . . He saw what looked like the truth as by flashes of lightening on a dark, stormy night you might see a mountain range. He seemed to see that a man need not leave his life to chance, but that his will was powerful; he seemed to see that self-control might be as passionate and as active as the surrender to passion; he seemed to see that the inward life might be as manifold, as varied, as rich with experience, as the life of one who conquered realms and explored unknown lands.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|Comedies are fit for common wits: But to present a kingly troop withal, Give me a stately-written tra
Evinda Lepins|When your actions are aligned with your dreams and goals, you become the point of origin for their reality.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|One day when I went out to my wood-pile, or rather my pile of stumps, I observed two large ants, the one red, the other much larger, nearly half an inch long, and black, fiercely contending with one another. Having once got hold they never let go, but struggled and wrestled and rolled on the chips incessantly. Looking farther, I was surprised to find that the chips were covered with such combatants, that it was not a duellum, but a bellum, a war between two races of ants, the red always pitted against the black, and frequently two red ones to one black. The legions of these Myrmidons covered all the hills and vales in my wood-yard, and the ground was already strewn with the dead and dying, both red and black. It was the only battle which I have ever witnessed, the only battle-field I ever trod while the battle was raging; internecine war; the red republicans on the one hand, and the black imperialists on the other. On every side they were engaged in deadly combat, yet without any noise that I could hear, and human soldiers never fought so resolutely.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are many bibles of different religions; there is the Mohammedan Koran, the Buddhist Canon of Sacred Scripture, the Zoroastrian Zend-Avesta, and the Brahman Veda . . . they all begin with some flashes of true light, and end in utter darkness. Even the most casual observer soon discovers that the Bible is radically different. It is the only Book that offers redemption to us and points the way out of our dilemma.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|That's the way girls are isn't it? They swear eternal friendship, and then as soon as a man's in the case it's all forgotten.
Katrina Kaif|I get paralyzingly nervous a lot of times, so I tried bravado. The way I dress and carry myself, a lot of people find it intimidating. I think my whole career can be boiled down to the one word I always say in meetings: 'strength.'
Fritz Leiber|Terror is the desire to save your own ass, but horror is rooted in sympathy.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Deep down, he knew. He knew the reason behind the chaos and, in the process of acknowledging it, he fell in love with the concept of chaos.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|And that would be my method of locomotion, the Lion concluded. Not diplomas earned, but friendships bungled. Campaigns aborted. Errors in judgment and public humiliations.
José Ortega y Gasset|Self-reflection or autognosis reveals that what is given in consciousness is, first and foremost, integral connectedness and organic unity of all thinking, feeling, and desiring. At the same time, self-reflection reveals that this connected unity is the ultimate reality that can be reached. "Consciousness cannot go behind itself." Whatever we propose to think forms part of this organic unity of our mind and is a result or consequence of it. There is no means of jumping beyond consciousness, and any attempt to explain with the help of any other imaginary system the radical connectedness in which we live and that is our mind would be absurd. Our mind is the very presupposition of all explanation. For to explain a phenomenon means, in the last instance, to point out its place and its part within the living economy of consciousness, and to determine the "meaning" it has in the original source of all meaning: life.
Heidi Hayes Jacobs|Martial arts is a life journey. One of the things my teacher taught me a long time ago was that everyone's path to the mastery of a certain system is different. Some people's path is a very direct route, where others might wind back and forth if you are injured or something.
Sunday Adelaja|Light means knowledge in the Greek language it can also be translated as illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding and wisdom
John Waire|In my younger days dodging the draft, I somehow wound up in the Marine Corps. There's a myth that Marine training turns baby-faced recruits into bloodthirsty killers. Trust me, the Marine Corps is not that efficient. What it does teach, however, is a lot more useful.The Marine Corps teaches you how to be miserable.This is invaluable for an artist.Marines love to be miserable. Marines derive a perverse satisfaction in having colder chow, crappier equipment, and higher casualty rates than any outfit of dogfaces, swab jockeys, or flyboys, all of whom they despise. Why? Because these candy-asses don't know how to be miserable.The artist committing himself to his calling has volunteered for hell, whether he knows it or not. He will be dining for the duration on a diet of isolation, rejection, self-doubt, despair, ridicule, contempt, and humiliation.The artist must be like that Marine. He has to know how to be miserable. He has to love being miserable. He has to take pride in being more miserable than any soldier or swabbie or jet jockey. Because this is war, baby. And war is hell."Page 68
Lois P. Frankel, Nice Girls Don't Get the Corner Office: 101 Unconscious Mistakes Women Make That Sabotage Their Careers|Before you can win, you must begin.
Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast|The eyes were of a color which he could never decide on, afterwards when he told the story he used to say they were the color of everything in Spring.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|How often it is that we set ourselves in the high seat, judging others, not having read their book but merely having glimpsed the cover.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When thanksgiving is filled with true meaning and is not just the formality of a polite “thank you,” it is the recognition of dependence.
Juan Mascaró|The thought manifests the word;The word manifests the deed;The deed develops into habit;And habit hardens into character;So watch the thought and its ways with care,And let them spring forth from loveBorn out of compassion for all beings.As the shadow follows the body, as we think, so we become.
Richard Holloway, Doubts and Loves: What is Left of Christianity|I have found that the more I reflect philosophically on the attributes of God the more overwhelmed I become at his greatness and the more excited I become about Bible doctrine. Whereas easy appeals to mystery prematurely shut off reflection about God, rigorous and earnest effort to understand him is richly rewarded with deeper appreciation of who he is, more confidence in his reality and care, and a more intelligent and profound worship of his person.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I am, after all, an adult, a grown man, a useful human being, even though I lost the career that made me all these things. I won't make that mistake again.
Albert Einstein, Why Socialism?|Georgi M. Derluguian's Bourdieu's Secret Admirer in the Caucasus tells the extraordinary story of Musa Shanib from Abkhazia, the leading intellectual of this turbulent region whose incredible career passed from Soviet dissident intellectual through democratic political reformer and Muslim fundamentalist war leader up to respected professor of philosophy, his entire career marked by the strange admiration for Pierre Bourdieu's thought. There are two ways to approach such a figure. The first reaction is to dismiss it as local eccentricity, to treat it with benevolent irony - "what a strange choice, Bourdieu - who knows what this folkloric guy sees in Bourdieu...". The second reaction is to directly assert the universal scope of theory - "see how universal theory is: every intellectual from Paris to Chechenia and Abkhazia can debate his theories..." The true task, of course, is to avoid both these options and to assert the universality of a theory as the result of a hard theoretical work and struggle, a struggle that is not external to theory: the point is not (only) that Shanib had to do a lot of work to break the constraints of his local context and penetrate Bourdieu - this appropriation of Bourdieu by an Abkhazian intellectual also affects the substance of the theory itself, transposing it into a different universe. Did - mutatis mutandis - Lenin not do something similar with Marx? The shift of Mao with regard to Lenin AND Stalin concerns the relationship between the working class and peasants: both Lenin and Stalin were deeply distrustful towards the peasants, they saw as one of the main tasks of the Soviet power to break the inertia of the peasants, their substantial attachment to land, to "proletarize" them and thus fully expose them to the dynamics of modernization - in clear contrast to Mao who, in his critical notes on Stalin's Economic Problems of Socialism in the USSR (from 1958) remarked that "Stalin's point of view /.../ is almost altogether wrong. The basic error is mistrust of the peasants." The theoretical and political consequences of this shift are properly shattering: they imply no less than a thorough reworking of Marx's Hegelian notion of proletarian position as the position of "substanceless subjectivity," of those who are reduced to the abyss of their subjectivity.
H.L. Mencken, The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche|I tell you that man has no more tormenting care than to find someone to whom he can hand over as quickly as possible that gift of freedom with which the miserable creature is born. But he alone can take over the freedom of men who appeases their conscience. With bread you were given an indisputable banner: give man bread and he will bow down to you, for there is nothing more indisputable than bread. But if at the same time someone else takes over his conscience - oh, then he will even throw down your bread and follow him who has seduced his conscience. In this you were right. For the mystery of man's being is not only in living, but in what one lives for. Without a firm idea of what he lives for, man will not consent to live and will sooner destroy himself than remain on earth, even if there is bread all around him. That is so, but what came of it? Instead of taking over men's freedom, you increased it still more for them! Did you forget that peace and even death are dearer to man than free choice in the knowledge of good and evil? There is nothing more seductive for man than the freedom of his conscience, but there is nothing more tormenting either. And so, instead of a firm foundation for appeasing human conscience once and for all, you chose everything that was unusual, enigmatic, and indefinite, you chose everything that was beyond men's strength, and thereby acted as if you did not love them at all - and who did this? He who came to give his life for them! Instead of taking over men's freedom, you increased it and forever burdened the kingdom of the human soul with its torments. You desired the free love of man, that he should follow you freely. seduced and captivated by you. Instead of the firm ancient law, men had henceforth to decide for himself, with a free heart, what is good and what is evil, having only your image before him as a guide - but did it not occur to you that he would eventually reject and dispute even your image and your truth if he was oppressed by so terrible a burden as freedom of choice? They will finally cry out that the truth is not in you, for it was impossible to leave them in greater confusion and torment than you did, abandoning them to so many cares and insoluble problems. Thus you yourself laid the foundation for the destruction of your own kingdom, and do not blame anyone else for it.
John Piper, Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist|Keep your life free from love of money, and be content with what you have, for he has said, “I will never leave you nor forsake you.” So we can confidently say, “The Lord is my helper; I will not fear; what can man do to me?” (Hebrews 13:5–6)
Sarah Dessen|When I pictured myself, it was always like just an outline in a colouring book, with the inside not yet completed.
