Scott Stabile|He used to hide his true self because he feared people wouldn’t like him, or would judge him for being too much this and not enough that. He found himself acting like everyone else, even though his heart wanted to express itself in ways that felt different than much of what he was seeing in the world. His heart grew louder, and he longed to taste a different kind of freedom, one his mind had worked hard to contain in order to keep him feeling safe. But that safety came with a price: his authenticity. Then it occurred to him, some people would judge him no matter who he was or what he did. And that if he was going to be judged anyway, he may as well live his life as authentically as possible and at least be judged for his truth. He also knew some people would love him no matter who he was or what he did, and how much better it would feel to be loved for being real.
Anthony T. Hincks|A friend of mine gave me a rainbow and it made me happy. So, I in turn, gave it to a complete stranger and then it made both of us smile.
Susan Sontag|Perhaps the only people with the right to look at images of suffering of this extreme order are those who could do something to alleviate it - say, the surgeons at the military hospital where the photograph was taken - or those who could learn from it. The rest of us are voyeurs, whether or not we mean to be.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Her favourite summer memories were not of events themselves, of picnics, sea bathing, tennis afternoons and cricket matches, but of watching Hugh and Daniel enjoying them and locking into memory the delight in their faces and their open laughter.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|No shepherd and one herd! Everybody wants the same, everybody is the same: whoever feels different goes voluntarily into a madhouse.
James Oroc, Tryptamine Palace: 5-MeO-DMT and the Sonoran Desert Toad|Everyone has a price, the important thing is to find out what it is.
Tiffany Madison|The Internet is the Petri dish of humanity. We can't control what grows in it, but we don't have to watch either.
Bethany Mota|I love scary movies. I like blood and gore, and I love Halloween movies.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|For a dream to die, something so tragic would have definitely gone wrong! Be careful you don’t kill your own dreams.
Patti Scialfa|I was very short. Everybody else was two years older in my class, and I had curly hair and was teacher's pet.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.
Paul Biya|They eat the dainty food of famous chefs with the same pleasure with which they devour gross peasant dishes, mostly composed of garlic and tomatoes, or fisherman's octopus and shrimps, fried in heavily scented olive oil on a little deserted beach.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|Those who feel the pain of others are the most eligible for all joy of the world, unfortunately this rule is too corrupt.
Katherine Reay, The Brontë Plot|Before you ever get the person you really want in your life, you will be tested with every person that was wrong for you. You will be tempted with what was easy, what was familiar, what was only physical, what was safe and what was simply a friend to pull you out of a difficult situation because you didn't want to be alone. When you finally meet the person you were meant to be with you won't have to guess, decide or choose. You will be drawn to them. They will seem to fit who you are, but at the same time have the missing pieces that makes you want to become a better person. There is no need to be guarded because this soul is like your own and talking to them about the deepest things in life are effortless. They won't be like any other you have met and you will find yourself looking for parts of them in everyone you meet.
Sonny Bill Williams|From my earliest youth, I have known that while one is obliged to plan with care the stages of one's journey, one is entitled to dream, and keep dreaming, of its destination. A man may feel as old as his years yet as young as his dreams.
Sir Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|In a racist society it is not enough to be non-racist, we must be anti-racist.
Sikhwetha maanda|My first crush use to think I hate her cuz never find time to chat with her , is only Hi and hellow that all , but not knowing that deep down in my soul and heart she is the first and last I want , but hey is fine now , she end up with some fox who loves her ,
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Our work is not to become a better person, but to become present to the perfection we already are.
Terry Pratchett, Eric|...It is a proud privilege to be a soldier – a good soldier … [with] discipline, self-respect, pride in his unit and his country, a high sense of duty and obligation to comrades and to his superiors, and a self confidence born of demonstrated ability.
M. Russell Ballard|It may not always be easy, convenient or politically correct to stand for truth and right, but it is the right thing to do. Always. 
Anne O'Hare McCormick|People "died" all the time. ... Parts of them died when they made the wrong kinds of decisions-decisions against life. Sometimes they died bit by bit until finally they were just living corpses walking around. If you were perceptive you could see it in their eyes  the fire had gone out ... you always knew when you made a decision against life. ... The door clicked and you were safe inside- safe and dead.
W. E. B. Du Bois|For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing.
Aisha Saeed, Written in the Stars|Love is about the good moments, but it's about holding on to each other during the difficult ones, too. Coming out on the other side, weathered but still holding hands, isn't easy. It's the most difficult thing there can possibly be, but I know now it's the truest test of love there is.
Steven Wright|Officer, I know I was going faster than 55MPH, but I wasn't going to be on theroad an hour.
Judy Smith|I've rung my bells so many times, especially back in the day when chair shots to the head were legal. My goodness, I took so many of those.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|Oswaldo was flummoxed by the fact that his friend could be so quiet, almost embarrassed, about his academic acumen, yet so damn loud and proud of his status as a premier campus drug dealer."I've never met anyone so smart but so fucking dumb," he told Rob.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The journey to greatness is a marathon, not a hundred meter dash.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Spread love not hate, so that we can live and die in peace.
Taka Sande, Little Tough Tips On Marriage|As for you, do not wait until all lights are green to take off. Do not wait for all things to be in order such that they can see the future. You have to start were you are. You have to start now. You have to take action and make the commitment today. Do not accept to live another day in a miserable marriage. Apply what you are learning today and create the change that you want.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|God will never tempt you. It's not in His nature. In fact, He promises to provide an escape route for every tempting situation. But I can promise you this: God will test your faith. And those tests won't get easier. They will get progressively harder as the stakes get higher. And those tests will undoubtedly revolve around what is most important to you...God will test you to make sure your identity and your security are found in the cross of Jesus Christ. And God will go after anything you trust in more than Him until you put it on the altar.
Joe DiMaggio|All of my free time is made up of motor sports endeavors, be them motorcycles or off-road racing or track days. I just love anything with an engine. That is one of my main loves. Obviously, my other well-known love is Kristen Bell.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays: First and Second Series|Every violation of truth is not only a sort of suicide in the liar, but is a stab at the health of human society.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|Portland was a dream both in the literal sense and the metaphorical sense, both tangible and not - a fleeting affair you want to hold on to but can't, so you try memorizing her every detail only to fail to do so in the consumption, in the savoring, in the absorbing of yourself into her. When she's gone, she comes to you in snippets, replaying in your mind like a fragmented picture show.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|The true Church of Jesus Christ will never be overwhelmed by the world. The waters may swirl around us, but the Lord has promised to build His Church and keep it strong until He returns. One thing must be avoided at all costs. We must not let the world seep into the Church. When we let the world dilute our Gospel and water down our values, we'll disappear from sight. Let's keep the Church holy - and wholly committed to Scripture.  The chief danger of the Church today is that it's trying to get on the same side as the world, instead of trying to turn the world upside down.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must fight to make sure that your life does not just disappear into thin air. It is a battle of not allowing those your seconds, those your minutes to just disappear into thin air.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|God takes everyone he loves through a desert. It is his cure for our wandering hearts, restlessly searching for a new Eden... The best gift of the desert is God's presence... The protective love of the Shepherd gives me courage to face the interior journey.
Hazel Blackthorn, His Brother's Keeper|His long wait is almost done. I am sending Balon Swann to Sunspear, to deliver him the head of Gregor Clegane.” Ser Balon would have another task as well, but that part was best left unsaid.“Ah.” Ser Harys Swyft fumbled at his funny little beard with thumb and forefinger. “He is dead then? Ser Gregor?”“I would think so, my lord,” Aurane Waters said dryly. “I am told that removing the head from the body is often mortal.
Dhaval Gajera, MAKE IT HAPPEN: with 30 greatest life lessons|When your dream doesn't let you sleep even after 22 hours of waking up, its worth chasing.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|To the men and women who changed Cheryl Hersha's life, she was a continuation of the research that had first been conducted in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries by Dr. Morton Prince. He encountered a woman named Miss Beauchamp, a nursing student who was referred to the psychiatrist because of health problems. As he worked with her, Prince discovered that she had four separate personalities (dissociated ego states) that existed independently of one another within the same body. Though he tried, Dr. Prince never understood Miss Beauchamp, nor was he able to help her. When he died, his wife had the woman committed to an insane asylum for the rest of her life. However, Prince's careful documentation of Beauchamp's symptoms, actions and family history (extreme child abuse beginning before the age of seven) provided information needed to develop the techniques for contemporary, routinely successful treatment of what would be called Multiple Personality Disorder.
Muhammad Saqib|Dont look back , there is a darkness of your past
Courtney Milan, Unveiled|If a man ever lets you know that he sees marriage as a trap, and women as nothing but scheming connivers, you are by no means to marry him. Any man that sees your entire sex in so harsh a light has nothing to offer you.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|I love you.''Yeah, well...''You make my heart want to beat.''That's nice and creepy. But I'm with Fletcher.(...) Also, these proclamations of your undying love for me are getting kind of... it's a bit much to be honest. Just hold back a little.''But my love for you is eternal.''That's exactly the kind of thing I'm talking about.
Kevin James|A fool must now and then be right, by chance.
Warren Hinckle, If You Have a Lemon, Make Lemonade|I think I was always interested in the larger world, even as a kid, and my experiences as a journalist only heightened that interest. Covering conflict, I learned that though leaders often try to create a sense of "us" and "them," the differences are not that delineated. I often felt like it was a whole bunch of "us," with some of "them" scattered around. That made me feel that the borders we draw around ourselves are often artificial.
Edgar Allan Poe|Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Intelligence is the icing, but wisdom is the cake.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|The cup of life was poisoned forever, and although the sun shone upon me, as upon the happy and gay of heart, I saw around me nothing but a dense and frightful darkness, penetrated by no light but the glimmer of two eyes that glared upon me.
Naveen Mayura|Everything that happens in our life expands us and makes us more than we were before, including our ability to be happy and joyful.
Imelda May|I had a teacher senior year in high school. He was a theater teacher, and he basically was a little bit like 'High School Musical.' He kind of encouraged the jocks to get involved with the plays. I did it as kind of a senior year lark.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|But the sky is interesting, it changes all the time.
Summer Glau|I'm lucky my wife is a strong woman. She's one of the stronger people I've ever met. It's hard for me to be away, but I know my home life is fine because my wife is there.
Washington Irving, The Sketch Book|Her mighty lakes, like oceans of liquid silver; her mountains, with bright aerial tints; her valleys, teeming with wild fertility; her tremendous cataracts, thundering in their solitudes; her boundless plains, waving with spontaneous verdure; her broad, deep rivers, rolling in solemn silence to the ocean; her trackless forests, where vegetation puts forth all its magnificence; her skies, kindling with the magic of summer clouds and glorious sunshine - no, never need an American look beyond his own country for the sublime and beautiful of natural scenery.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Involuntarily it appeared to me that there, somewhere, was someone who amused himself by watching how I lived for thirty or forty years: learning, developing, maturing in body and mind, and how, having with matured mental powers reached the summit of life from which it all lay before me, I stood on that summit -- like an arch-fool -- seeing clearly that there is nothing in life, and that there has been and will be nothing. And he was amused... But whether that "someone" laughing at me existed or not, I was none the better off. I could give no reasonable meaning to any single action or to my whole life. I was only surprised that I could have avoided understanding this from the very beginning -- it has been so long known to all. Today or tomorrow sickness and death will come (they had come already) to those I love or to me; nothing will remain but stench and worms. Sooner or later my affairs, whatever they may be, will be forgotten, and I shall not exist. Then why go on making any effort?... How can man fail to see this? And how go on living? That is what is surprising! One can only live while one is intoxicated with life; as soon as one is sober it is impossible not to see that it is all a mere fraud and a stupid fraud! That is precisely what it is: there is nothing either amusing or witty about it, it is simply cruel and stupid.
Tito Rajarshi Mukhopadhyay, How Can I Talk If My Lips Don't Move: Inside My Autistic Mind|Freedom is the only thing we must demand in life, for all other good things stem from it
Christine Fonseca, Lacrimosa|My thoughts are quiet, but not calm. There is a terror on the edge of the silence, a terror fed by my burning flesh and the stench of death.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Who's possessing who now, Casper?
Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version|This day I call heaven and earth as witnesses against you that I have set before you life and death, blessings and curses. Now choose life, so that you and your children may live 20 and that you may love the LORD your God, listen to his voice, and hold fast to him. For the LORD is your life, and he will give you many years in the land he swore to give to your fathers, Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.Deuteronomy 30:19-20 (NIV)
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|To increase the odds of being thanked, some people compliment some people; some make kids.
Eraldo Banovac|There is a fascinating entanglement of science and knowledge, which is expressed as scientific knowledge.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|The virtues about marriage were mostly negative virtues. Being unmarried in a man's world was such a hassle that anything had to be better. Marriage was better. But not much. Damned clever, I thought, how men had made life so intolerable for single women that most would gladly embrace even bad marriages instead.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|There's something so quietly contained in the moments when one reaches their hand out to support your tragedy. It's hardly ever spoken about, but the feeling of belonging to somewhere, or someone for a split second, gives you enough power to carry on a few more steps. When the world is full of compassionate people like this, the world will know Unconditional Love.
Victoria Nelson|Once writing becomes an act of listening instead of an act of speech, a great deal of the ego goes out of it.
Mahmoud Own|If you think that to embarrass people is funny, well it is not, and you're just an absolute asshole!
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 2|What if someone had the potential to discover a formula to unlock the mysteries of the universe wanted to become a pulp fiction writer? What if someone who had the potential to create unparalleled gastronomic delicacies had his heart set on civil engineering? There is what we desire to do, and what we are able to do. When those two things don't coincide, which path should we pursue to find happiness?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Become keenly aware of these three layers to discover whether you're listening with interest and intent for excellent communication and understanding—or are you unintentionally sabotaging potentially phenomenal conversations. Knowledge of the listening planes will raise your awareness. And as you apply these, enjoy the surprising difference.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Deity|How are you feeling?"I leaned away from him. "Gross."Aiden frowned. "Gross?""I haven't brushed my teeth or washed my face in days. Don't come near me."He laughed. "Alex, come on.""Seriously, I'm gross." I put my hand over my mouth.Ignoring my protests, he leaned over and brushed my string hair back. "You're as beautiful as always, Alex."I stared at him. He must not get out much.
Christopher McCulloch|From a design perspective, the U.S. has always been a great source of inspiration for me.
Margaret Fuller|Very early, I knew that the only object in life was to grow.
Vatsal Surti, 20|She carried a thousand lights inside her heart, and a thousand lights carried her.
Laurie Perez|Bringing a novel to light - revealing the form and cadence, shadows and demeanor of a protagonist constructed from thin air - linking scenes and synchronicity across translucent time - holding up a glass brimming with chilled, never-tasted liquid, then sipping from it with intoxicated focus - allowing lovers to make a perilous mess of things, fall apart and nakedly come back together again - looking through conjured windows deep into someone else’s snow-bound solitude, feeling utterly alone yet being all-connected: this is not writing. It’s world-creating.It’s raw, exposed dreaming. It’s humbling. At first too personal and intimate to share, it evolves like a child into a life of its own until I have no say in what comes next. It’s what I wake at 4am to say Yes to, the spinning possibility of a new story relentlessly commanding me to write it down so it can whirl in your experience.
Tad Williams, Shadowheart|A father acts on behalf of his children by working, providing, intervening, struggling, and suffering for them. In so doing, he really stands in their place. He is not an isolated individual, but incorporates the selves of several people in his own self. Every attempt to live as if he were alone is a denial of the fact that he is actually responsible. He cannot escape the responsibility, which is his because he is a father. This reality refutes the fictitious notion that the isolated individual is the agent of all ethical behavior. It is not the isolated individual but the responsible person who is the proper agent to be considered in ethical reflection.
Stephen Ambrose|The Islamic method of waging war is not to kill innocent civilians, but it was Christians in World War II who bombed innocent civilians in Dresden and dropped the nuclear bomb on Hiroshima, neither of which were military targets.
John Charles Pollock, The Apostle: The Life of Paul|To eat in a monastery refectory is an exercise in humility; daily, one is reminded to put communal necessity before individual preference. While consumer culture speaks only to preferences, treating even whims as needs to be granted (and the sooner the better), monastics sense that this pandering to delusions of self-importance weakens the true self, and diminishes our ability to distinguish desires from needs. It's a price they're not willing to pay.
Jessica Livingston, Founders at Work: Stories of Startups' Early Days|For me, those weeks in Boston, with Wilma, became a lesson in her ability to be “of good mind,” in her phrase, which also meant a people’s ability to survive.
Stephanie Clifford|Like a driver who has lost control of his vechicle, I was bracing for the impending crash."From: "My Worst Valentine's Day.Ever: a Short Story
Sunday Adelaja|When you find out the field you were gifted, what you were created for, you will not have to work hard and sweat it out
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|If he could bottle her strengthand vitality, he would. He would take everything thatwas Tessa and lock it into a corner of his heart, to takeout when the emptiness got too overwhelming.
Arthur C. Clarke, A Fall of Moondust|By speech first, but far more by writing, man has been able to put something of himself beyond death. In tradition and in books an integral part of the individual persists, for it can influence the minds and actions of other people in different places and at different times: a row of black marks on a page can move a man to tears, though the bones of him that wrote it are long ago crumbled to dust. In truth, the whole progress of civilization is based upon this power.
Brian Eno|I go to movies expecting to have a whole experience. If I want a movie that doesn't end, I'll go to a French movie. That's a betrayal of trust to me. A movie has to be complete within itself; it can't just build off the first one or play variations.
Francis Iles, Malice Aforethought|When a child disappears, the space she’d occupied is immediately filled with dozens of people. And these people—relatives, friends, police officers, reporters from both TV and print—create a lot of energy and noise, a sense of communal intensity, of fierce and shared dedication to a task. “But amid all that noise, nothing is louder than the silence of the missing child. It’s a silence that’s two and a half to three feet tall, and you feel it at your hip and hear it rising up from the floorboards, shouting to you from corners and crevices and the emotionless face of a doll left on the floor by the bed. “It’s a silence that’s different from the one left at funerals and wakes. The silence of the dead carries with it a sense of finality; it’s a silence you know you must get used to. But the silence of a missing child is not something you want to get used to; you refuse to accept it, and so it screams at you.“The silence of the dead says, Goodbye. “The silence of the missing says, Find me.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|…mischief, …arises not from our living in the world, but from the world living in us; occupying our hearts, and monopolizing our affections.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|It is founded on the worst instincts of mankind. At its best, it is intolerant and bigoted. At its worst, it is sadistic and brutal. Between these two poles it has its existence.
A. Edward Newton, A Magnificent Farce And Other Diversions Of A Book Collector|There may be little room for the display of this supreme qualification in the retail book business, but there is room for some. Be enterprising. Get good people about you. Make your shop windows and your shops attractive. The fact that so many young men and women enter the teaching profession shows that there are still some people willing to scrape along on comparatively little money for the pleasure of following an occupation in which they delight. It is as true to-day as it was in Chaucer's time that there is a class of men who "gladly learn and gladly teach," and our college trustees and overseers and rich alumni take advantage of this and expect them to live on wages which an expert chauffeur would regard as insufficient. Any bookshop worthy of survival can offer inducements at least as great as the average school or college. Under pleasant conditions you will meet pleasant people, for the most part, whom you can teach and form whom you may learn something.
Anthony Liccione|Sometimes it's hard to look at a flower, when your dying inside.
Vladimir Nabokov|I would like to spare the time and effort of hack reviewers and, generally, persons who move their lips when reading.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A willing heart, daring spirit!
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Nationalism is form of collective narcissism, where the citizens possess an inflated self-love of "their own people," to the exclusion of other human beings.
Theresa Lewis, The Beauty of a Black Woman: A Collection of Poems & Prayers|A woman is only as beautiful as she believes she is, if she can't convince herself, no one else can.
A.O. Esther, Elveszett lelkek|I opened the window to let some fresh air into the room and was surprised to see that the rain was not just falling, but that it formed an actual wall of water, as if the whole sky were falling. While I was staring at the strange phenomenon, the form of an angel began to appear before me… It was Matariel, the Angel of Rain, whom I had not seen since my descent and who on this occasion appeared in a shiny, blue-grey form. She was only an arm’s length away and stared straight at me. She looked like a young woman floating on enormous wings -not a single drop of rain touched her. The smell of the cool rain swept the room as Matariel began talking to me. She never once moved her lips, but her every word was clearly audible in my head.
Sarah Brownlee|Every flaw you haveOnly endears me more to you;Each line of sadness on your faceSpeaks of the suffering you have been through;And the strength it tookTo come out alive;The strain it caused youJust to survive;Perhaps you will never know the prideI have for you, overcoming your trials;For while most jog for metersYou ran for miles;At the end, Death takes us allBut not all of us live in order not to fall;Many live for their own selfish meansThey live in order to avoid the pain;But they will never achieve as you have doneFor life without honourIs life in vain.
Mensah Oteh|By bringing the future into the present, you can do something about it usually before it gets too late.
M.F. Moonzajer|Close your eyes, forget everything that hurts you and dream love, kindness and compassion.
Dave Eggers, A Hologram for the King|Mortality is one of the greatest gifts ever bestowed. After a long and fruitful life, we are able to rest.
Kimberly Burnham.|Just a few years ago, when I asked a neurologist if the brain and spinal cord could heal and regenerate, he said "no" and in his world, maybe 20 years ago, that was true. Not particularly useful but in that time and space—true. The cool thing about today is a neurologist reading his or her own medical research literature is compelled to answer "yes, under certain circumstances.
J.C. Joranco, Say It Ain't So|I came to the party with the sole purpose of getting completely shit-faced, to be perfectly honest. That was it, that was The Plan from the very beginning. I wanted more than anything that ever regrettable, forgetting-everything-you-learned-as-a-toddler kind of wasted that only either the completely stupid venture into or the complete novice (given how naive I was I think I fall more into the latter category). It was a very simple plan, but I like to think the simplest ones tend to be the most effective. The Plan sure as hell didn't involve everything else that happened that night, as all of that occurred quite naturally on its own.
Gamaliel Bailey|Every state has an undoubted right to determine the status, or domestic and social condition, of the persons domiciled within its territory except insofar as the powers of the states in this respect are restrained, or duties and obligations imposed upon them, by the Constitution of the United States.
Sunday Adelaja|There are big advantages of living for God, therefore try to spend every minute you have walking with Him, listening to Him and learning of His wisdom
M. B Antevasin|It was even said that some birds spring to life in the tension of accidental chords being struck in the ether, a confluence of arbitrary sound waves from unrelated sources: a piano, a truck, a breaking bottle---a bird.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I was uncomfortable enough. I was very uncomfortable, I may say unhappy.
Philip Plait, Bad Astronomy: Misconceptions and Misuses Revealed, from Astrology to the Moon Landing "Hoax"|It’s killing me, baby,” he says, his voice much more calm and quiet. “It’s killing me because I don’t want you to go another day without knowing how I feel about you. And I’m not ready to tell you I’m in love with you, because I’m not. Not yet. But whatever this is I’m feeling—it’s so much more than just like. It’s so much more. And for the past few weeks I’ve been trying to figure it out. I’ve been trying to figure out why there isn’t some other word to describe it. I want to tell you exactly how I feel but there isn’t a single goddamned word in the entire dictionary that can describe this point between liking you and loving you, but I need that word. I need it because I need you to hear me say it.
Jonathan Franzen|He was lovable the way a child is lovable, and he was capable of returning love with a childlike purity. If love is nevertheless excluded from his work, it's because he never quite felt that he deserved to receive it. He was a lifelong prisoner on the island of himself. What looked like gentle contours from a distance were in fact sheer cliffs. Sometimes only a little of him was crazy, sometimes nearly all of him, but, as an adult, he was never entirely not crazy. What he'd seen of his id while trying to escape his island prison by way of drugs and alcohol, only to find himself even more imprisoned by addiction, seems never to have ceased to be corrosive of his belief in his lovability. Even after he got clean, even decades after his late-adolescent suicide attempt, even after his slow and heroic construction of a life for himself, he felt undeserving. And this feeling was intertwined, ultimately to the point of indistinguishability, with the thought of suicide, which was the one sure way out of his imprisonment; surer than addiction, surer than fiction, and surer, finally, than love.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|In one word, Queequeg, said I, rather digressively; hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple-dumpling; and since then perpetuated through the hereditary dyspepsias nurtured by Ramadans.
Lucille Ball|Luck? I don’t know anything about luck. I’ve never banked on it and I’m afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: hard work - and realizing what opportunity is and what isn’t." — Lucille Ball
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|We fear death, we shudder at life's instability, we grieve to see the flowers wilt again and again, and the leaves fall, and in our hearts we know that we, too, are transitory and will soon disappear. When artists create pictures and thinkers search for laws and formulate thoughts, it is in order to salvage something from the great dance of death, to make something last longer than we do.
Guy de Maupassant, The Complete Short Stories of Guy de Maupassant, Part One|Killing is decreed by law but nature loves eternal youth. Whatever she does, however unconscious and unfeeling the act, she seems to cry out: ‘Quick! Quick! Quick!’ And the more she destroys, the more she is renewed.
Marcus Buckingham|One cannot weep for the entire world, it is beyond human strength. One must choose.
Matthew Quick, Boy21|you don’t put demands on people and you never say anything negative--ever. So many people suck the life out of everyone they’re around, but you don’t do that. You give people strength just by being you.
Nate Berkus|It is spectacular. From about five minutes in, when we knew for sure that we were going to have the weather to go, the smile on my face just got bigger and bigger, and I was just beaming through the whole launch. I mean, it is just an amazing ride.
Ausonius|One of the people that I respect the most now, a person I think has done a heck of a lot for this world as a leader, is Margaret Thatcher. She helped create a world that offers us a lot of excitement as we look to the next century.
Laurie R. King, The Language of Bees|I would have stolen it for you, had I known you were interested." His voice was muffled by the door to the lumber room down the hallway, and I heard thumps and a crash.I raised my voice a trifle more than mere volume required. "I'm interested because she was. Both of them, come to that--Damian's art is infused with mystic symbols and traditions."Holmes' voice answered two inches away from my ear, making me jerk and spray a handful of maps across the floor. "Religion can be a dangerous thing, it is true," he remarked darkly, and went out again.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Breccan stood for a second, deep in thought of what Darius had just described. "Dude, seriously, you gotta get a hobby. Oh, and anyone else want their mothers right now? Cause, damn, that was some scary shit," he added.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I suddenly realized I was in California. Warm, palmy air - air you can kiss - and palms.
Jack Kornfield|In the end, just three things matter:How well we have livedHow well we have lovedHow well we have learned to let go
Walter Benajmin|Mountains were made to climb, therefore dont cry when you see one.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|The medal from an old grappling tournament will not serve me today, but the courage I developed in its acquisition will. By investing in yourself, by using all endeavors as a vehicle to shape who we are, we exist in the present moment with a lifetime of growth behind us. I have loved many vehicles throughout the years, Jiu Jitsu more than any other, but the vehicle has, and always will, be a distant second to the driver.
Mitch Landrieu|He was going to miss everything. But he guessed that was how everybody always felt. Everyone was losing things, leaving things behind, clinging to old memories as they rushed into the future. Everyone was a passenger on a runaway train.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|I had come to see that the great tragedy in the church is not that rich Christians do not care about the poor but that rich Christians do not know the poor...I truly believe that when the rich meet the poor, riches will have no meaning. And when the rich meet the poor, we will see poverty come to an end.
Ellen G. White, Patriarchs And Prophets|Judge tenderly, if you must. There is usually a side you have not heard, a story you know nothing about, and a battle waged that you are not having to fight.
Ronie Kendig, Operation Zulu Redemption: Act of Treason - Part 4|She held up the pen and gave him a lazy grin. "It's a rose."He came close. "It's a pen." He tried to pluck it from her hand."You are seriously lacking in imagination.
Susan Catalano, The Timeless Ones|...I have followed one line only of anthropological enquiry, the survival of an indigenous European cult and the interaction between it and the exotic religion which finally overwhelmed it. I have traced the worship of the Horned God onwards through the centuries from the Palaeolithic prototypes,...
Zeina Kassem, Crossing|I could only liken it to the strength of a wheat stalk, which when struck by a storm, bends to the ground, but does not break. This stalk of wheat stands tall like a spear in a tempest, clinging to the earth where its roots are embedded deep, embracing the sun from which it draws life.
Kenneth E. Hagin, The Believer's Authority|There’s no sin problem. Jesus settled that. There’s just a sinner problem. Get the sinner to Jesus, and that cures the problem.
Nikki Rowe|She was drawn to the wild warriors, they had to have a little gypsy in their veins.
William Wordsworth|..........books are yours, Within whose silent chambers treasure lies Preserved from age to age; more precious far Than that accumulated store of gold And orient gems, which, for a day of need, The Sultan hides deep in ancestral tombs. These hoards of truth you can unlock at will:
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|If Vorbis was right, and there was a kind of light that made darkness visible, then down there was its opposite, the darkness where no light could ever reach: darkness that blackened light, He thought of blind Didactylos and his empty lantern.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Wherever there is a man who exercises authority, there is a man who resists authority.
Nicole Bonomi|A true romantic will break the rules for the right reasons. He will not conform to the ideals bestowed upon him by society. Instead he will fight for a climate of freedom that allows him to pursue and obtain his heart's true yearning. He will appear incorrect in his upright form, but such perception only through the eyes of those travelling under the hypnotic notion of social paradigms. Do not judge he who is breaking the rules, rather try to understand his motivations. If his intent is pure then his fight is not in vain.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|All the best and worse things in us are bound up in the legacy of our family. As children we ardently trust in the stability or, in some cases, the instability we were born into. No matter which...we embraced what was decent while simultaneously suppressing what was deficient yet both traits weaved roots of faithfulness and consternation into the very fabric of who we've become. This now plays significantly into how we nurture our own families and how we relate to others. Our love, our fears, our insecurities, and our loyalties all draw from how we were raised as well as our inherent desire to shift its paradigm to optimistically better the life of not just our children...but our children's children. That's the gift and or the curse of a legacy. Which will you leave behind?
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|Wal-Mart is so large, its reach so great, that it has created an ecosystem in which its suppliers and competitors, and their suppliers and competitors, and their customers, all operate. Wal-Mart sets the metabolism, it sets the rules, of that ecosystem. Wal-Mart has inexorably changed our expectations as shoppers—and the Wal-Mart effect also extends to consumers who never shop at Wal-Mart. Likewise, Wal-Mart has reshaped the companies that supply it—and it has also reset the pace and the competitive landscape even for companies that try to do business outside the Wal-Mart ecosystem.
Andy Stanley, Fields Of Gold|Here's a scary thought: What if God called you to give beyond your comfort level? Would you be afraid? Would you try to explain it away or dismiss it as impractical? And in the process, would you miss out on a harvest opportunity for which God had explicitly prospered you in the first place?
Lindsay Wagner|The old injunction 'Don't talk with your mouth full' is based on the presumption that, however multifunctional a mouth may be, it should only perform one job at a time. Humans have found a way around this limitation in the form of food writing.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Like measuring light as a particle or wave makes it what the observer expects, so too does assuming things about reality make it so. I fear the conclusion people gear up for is the wholesale demise of many millions unless this spiritual ennui ceases. How many catastrophes have people expected in the last few decades? How many times have humans expected the End Times?
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|My study of prophecy convinces me that God intends knowledge of future events to help us "occupy" with a sense of urgency until the Lord returns.
Neil Gaiman|If you like fantasy and you want to be the next Tolkien, don’t read big Tolkienesque fantasies — Tolkien didn’t read big Tolkienesque fantasies, he read books on Finnish philology. Go and read outside of your comfort zone, go and learn stuff.
John le Carré, The Spy Who Came In from the Cold|When she was living one of her fantasies she felt like a bird, the freedom of its wings letting her soar without earthly boundaries, enabling her to look on to her vividly imagined scenes from a great height.
Julie E. Czerneda, A Turn of Light|It dims the brightest spirit, to stare into the dark.
Lailah Gifty Akita|\with hope, you can survive any shock.
Nimblewill Nomad|Lord, set me a path by the side of the road.I pray this be a part of your plan,Then heap on the burden & pile on the load, And I'll trek it the best that I can.Please bless me with patience, Touch strength to my backThen cut me loose and I'll goJust like the burro toting his pack,The oxen ploughing his rowAnd once on this journey, a witness for YouToward thy way the Truth and the LightShine forth my countenance steady and trueFor the pathway to goodness and rightAnd lest I should falter And lest I should failLet all who know that I triedFor I am a bunglar, feeble & frailWhen You, dear Lord, I've deniedSo blessed be the day Your judgement comes dueAnd blessed by thy mercies bestowedAnd blessed be this journey, all praises to YouFor this path by the side of the road
Kabelo Mabona|Ultimately, we are all dead men - we only become born again after we have discovered our purpose, a reason to live.
Ryan Lochte|Even when I was an engineer, I was a comic on my job. At birthday and holiday parties, I was the one scheduling and emceeing. If you work on your gift, and you're good, it will shine through.
Paul Cellucci|I believe that the Laws of Karma do not apply to show business, where good things happen to bad people on a fairly regular basis.
Arin Murphy-Hiscock, Out of the Broom Closet: 50 True Stories of Witches Who Found and Embraced the Craft|I believe in religion, I believe in religious expression, and I believe that all gods are one God. I do not lie when I pray in the words of another religion, because I believe. --Oisce
Jan Porter, Sacred Space, body mind soul after sexual abuse|For this taboo, retribution would soon knock my doorBut, I still wouldn't let that hold my feet to move on anymore.
Dada Bhagwan|How beautiful are these bangles! But if you put them on a man, he will not like it because he has assessed his own worth. One cannot be the ‘thermometer (gauge)’ as well as the ‘fever’, both cannot be one.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|You mustn't let your emotions get the better of you. There is a great deal to be angry about, but anger doesn't change things.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|I became aware that there was no barrier between what was inside and what was outside. My body was illuminated by a bright light. I heard with my eyes and saw with my ears. I used my nose as mouth and my mouth as nose. I experienced the world with the totality of my senses as my spirit gathered and my form dissolved. There was no distinction between muscles and bones. My body stopped being heavy and I felt like a floating leaf. Without knowing it, I was being carried by the wind. Drifting here and there, I did not know whether I rode on the wind or the wind rode on me.
Max Barry, Lexicon| 'You can't stop me. Your word voodoo, it doesn't work on me. Right? So how do you think you're going to-' Eliot produced a pistol. He didn't seem to pull it from anywhere. He just suddenly had it. Wil's eyes stung. 'See?' Eliot put away the gun. 'There are all kinds of persuasion.' 
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|What's knocking on your door...opportunities to succeed or opportunities to fail? Times may get tough, life may not be fair, but never allow fleeting disappointments to corrupt your attitude and your plans for the future. Self-pity is a destructive force that will eat away at every opportunity for success. If your determination to succeed is where it needs to be...failure never makes it to your doorstep. ~Jason Versey
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|She had always assumed that her life would end inside the war, that the war itself would be her eternal present, as it was for Darrow and for her brother. The possibility of time going on, her memories growing dim, the photographs of the battles turning from life into history terrified her.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|If guilt can cause heartache, then I've definitely experienced it. Seeing Ivy hunched over and crying for probably the first time in her really long life is making me feel like the worst person in the world. With her tears streaked face in her hands, she looks so fragile, vulnerable, and human. I come forwards and give her a hug.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|Has God created millions of people over tens of thousands of years who are going to spend eternity in anguish? Can God do this, or even allow this, and still claim to be a loving God?Does God punish people for thousands of years with infinite, eternal torment for things they did in their few finite years of life?
Carl Sagan, Contact|Because this exact leaf had to grow in that exact way, in that exact place, so that precise wind could tear it from that precise branch and make it fly into this exact face at that exact moment. And, if just one of those tiny little things had never had happened, I'd never have met ya. Which makes this leaf the most important leaf in human history
Neha Yazmin, Chasing Pavements|JAMIE'S SONG 'WHERE YOU ARE':I left my heart at your door,Don’t tread on it on your way out.It’s convulsing on the floor,Can’t you hear it scream and shout?I dropped my life by your feet,Don’t kick it as you walk down the street.I put my dreams in your hand,Don’t let them slip through your fingers like grains of sand.And my eyes will watch you from afar,Guide you like a shooting star.And you’ll see that I’ll always be where you are.Where you are.Yes, you know that I’ll always be where you are.Yes my eyes will watch you from afar,Guide you like a shooting star.And you’ll see that I’ll always be where you are.Where you are.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|They walked across 15th Street to the Madison Hotel's Montpelier Room, an opulent French restaurant. Bradlee asked for a corner table, and began the conversation. 'You'd better bring me up to date because...' He turned to order lunch in perfect French, and then turned back to Woodward. '...our cocks are on the chopping block now and I just want to know a little bit more about this.
Tabi Wollstonecraft, Thrown|I know that whatever you decide, you’ll be happy, Summer, and that is the only thing I could ever wish. Whatever happens in the rest of this summer, whatever happens the rest of your life, it’s important that you are happy, and stay that way. – Aunt Sookie
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|My tongue remembers your wounded flavor.The vein in my neckadores you. A swordstands up between my hips,my hidden fleece sends forth its scent of human oil.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Inspiration, Admiration - Motivation [I AM]- a very well defined characteristic of the SOUL.
Gillian Anderson|You aren't your work, your accomplishments, your possessions, your home, your family... your anything. You're a creation of your Source, dressed in a physical human body intended to experience and enjoy life on Earth.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|As if one tiny choice by someone unimportant could make that much difference! History had to be a bit tougher than that. It all sprang back eventually, didn't it? He was sure he'd read something about that, somewhere. If it wasn't like that, no one would ever dare do anything.
Raif Badawi, 1000 Lashes: Because I Say What I Think|Any religion-based state has a mission to limit the minds of its people, to fight the developments of history and logic, and to dumb down its citizens. It’s important to stand in the way of such a mentality, to deny it from continuing its mission to murder the souls of its people, killing them deep within while they are still alive and breathing.
Harlan Coben|Dreams never die. Sometimes you think they are dead, but they are just hibernating lie some old bear. And, if the dream has been hibernating for a long time, that bear is going to wake up grumpy and hungry
Mehmet Murat ildan|Which is a greater sin in the eyes of God: to let a child suffer and die to preserve your reputation, or to become friends with your enemy?
Katherine Marsh|You saw me bludgeoned by circumstance.Lost, injured, hurt by chance.I screamed to the heavens....loudly screamed....Trying to change our nightmares into dreams...
Cristina Nehring, A Vindication of Love: Reclaiming Romance for the Twenty-first Century|One who has lived through the days of Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin, and the Japanese war lords feels something that a younger generation does not concerning the aberrations that are possible in this world.
Megan Tennant, Aletheia|Everything is more whole in the end when you forgo destruction and instead repair, he reasoned. But some things can’t be repaired. His arm can’t be repaired. He will always be broken because of me.
David Attenborough|'Closed timelike curve' is the jargon for time travel. It means you go out, come back and meet yourself in the past.
Millie Bobby Brown|You need to get in studio; we're excited about the Pay 1 opportunity with Disney because those movies are not just movies. They're amazing family content that get flexed over and over again, forms great loyalty with our subscribers, and it's a real trust brand for parents as well.
Becky Allen, Bound by Blood and Sand|People live up to 75, the other is just a gift.
Neel Burton, For Better For Worse: Should I Get Married?|The marriage ceremony is sexist beyond parody. The bride appears in a fussy white dress that symbolizes her virtue and virginity, and everyone keeps on remarking on how thin and beautiful she looks. Her father walks her down the aisle to ‘give her away’, and she passes, like property, from one man to another. The minister, who is traditionally a man, gives the man permission to kiss the woman, as if that is in the minister’s authority and the woman has none. The man kisses, the woman is kissed. At the reception, only men are given to speak, while the bride remains seated and silent. Henceforth, the woman will adopt the man’s name, as will their eventual offspring. Despite all this, the wedding day is said to belong to the woman. This, would you believe, is ‘her day’.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|In the action business, when you don't want to say you ran like a mouse, you call it 'taking cover.' It's more heroic.
Alexander Schmemann, For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy|Sunny did not eat the wood, of course, but she chewed on it and pretended it was a carrot, or an apple, or a beef and cheese enchilada, all of which she loved.
Phar West Nagle|Theo's already on his way. Paul might bee too, but communications have been down so long, I don't know.""Heading out here with a storm like this coming in? That's madness." Dad sighs. "Then again, jumping through dimensions to chase a dead man is madness too. I had long suspected their lunacy but this confirmation is nonetheless disquieting.""See? Everything's going to be fine.
Victoria Avilan, A Small Country about to Vanish|-I was young! I made a mistake, okay! Haven’t you ever made a mistake?-I’m old! Of course I’ve made mistakes, you stupid little shit!
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|Imagine being sentient but not alive. Seeing and even knowing, but not alive. Just looking out. Recognizing but not being alive. A person can die and still go on. Sometimes what looks out at you from a person's eyes maybe died back in childhood.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|Don’t stop when you fail. Instead, use your failures to measure your level of success.
William Shakespeare|When I saw you, I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Love is like the sea. It's a moving thing, but still and all, it takes its shape from the shore it meets, and it's different with every shore.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|A substantial minority of DID patients report sadistic, exploitive, and coercive abuse at the hands of organized groups. Guidelines for Treating Dissociative Identity Disorder in Adults, Third Revision
Mehmet Murat ildan|I hate and fear violence myself, have always avoided barroom brawls, and tho' I'm a bit of a gun-nut, and a member of the NRA, I never shoot at anything but beer cans and mule deer. (In season.) And seldom hit either, except by accident.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Pinned shoulder to shoulder, t-shirts extended in lines,The power of expression, is what "THE CLOTHESLINE" defines.Although each color symbolic, the threads weave the same,Each shirt a picture of violence, each shirt a witness to pain.The color white a memorial, for a victim who died,Simply, because of her gender, precious life was denied.Yellow signifies a victim, embraced by batter and assault,When intimacy turned into violence, as if loving was a fault.Shades of pink, red, and orange - when passion turned into rape,Denied the right to say "NO", by either stranger, or date.The blue and green bear nightmares, when a child of incest and misuseWas forced not to tell the "SECRETS", endured from physical and sexual abuse.See the beautiful shades of lavender, to the one not afraid to voice,A different sexual orientation, condemned, when in public made the choice.In the beginning they first choose the color, then allowing pain to flow from inside,Using buttons, bows, paints, and prose, self-expression no longer denied.As you walk through the line of color, emotional pain may fill your heart,But to the victim this personal creation, permits an inner healing to start.Pinned shoulder to shoulder, t-shirts extended in lines,The power of expression, is what "THE CLOTHESLINE" defines.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel|...this counting blessings was the unlocking of the mystery of joy, joy, "the gigantic secret of the Christian," joy hiding in gratitude ... God had used the dare to give me this; led me all he way to give me this, live fully, fully live. Page 83
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|In order to be effective, be responsive. In order to be responsive, listen.
Carla Cassidy, A Profiler's Case for Seduction|I wish I would have been there for you.” He finally found his voice. “I wish I would have been there to beat up all the children who bullied you, to shoot your father dead the first time he broke one of your bones. I wish I would have been there to sweep you out of town and save you from the horrors you went through.”Her eyes widened in surprise and then immediately narrowed as she shook her head. “I didn’t need to have a hero in my life, Mark. I needed to figure out how to be my own hero. I took the easy way out. I allowed small-town people to label me and then I did my very best to live up to the label they’d provided. It’s taken me thirty-seven years to realize I don’t need a hero. I’m all I need and I’m strong enough to build the rest of my life alone.
Tyron Edwards|Freedom from sin is only granted to Christians. Paul's statement in 1 Corinthians 10:13 tells believers that they have not been seized by any temptation that cannot be overcome. He is not talking to non-Christians, who Paul establishes elsewhere are controlled by the sinful flesh and cannot do anything spiritually pleasing to God (Rom. 8:7-8)...."...walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh..."(Gal 5:16-17). Again, this command is to Christians. Unbelievers cannot "walk by the Spirit." However, believers walking by the Spirit have the ability to "not gratify the desires of the flesh ." If this is true, that no temptation has ever come across a Christian that is not common to all, and that sin is nothing more than a Christian yielding to his fleshly desires, then how can addiction as commonly understood (i.e., uncontrollable urges and impulses) actually exist for believers?......Granted, sin can certainly feel irresistible, but perhaps it feels that way because we capitulate to it far too readily. We have not built up the essential perseverance to repel it. We have repeatedly said yes, and like muscles that have atrophied from disuse, our spirit has become weak because we have not exercised the fortitude to resist temptation as we ought.
John Kasich|Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Elizabeth Camden, The Rose of Winslow Street|Certainly a painting can be reductionistically described by its physical properties only: its shape, the paint, the design, and so forth. But every artwork that exists is both an individual thing, a whole unto itself, and simultaneously a part of the matrix of forces that brought it into being.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|KIDS. They know a BRIBE when they see one. They want a PARENT, not a PAY-OFF. They don’t care if you’re Jack-King-Rodeo or Mister-You-Own-New-York. All they understand is time spent WITH YOU or WITHOUT YOU. It’s that SIMPLE.
Rohinton Mistry|If you live your life with passion, every second will become an adventure.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Life doesn't change when you meet a guy and life doesn't fall apart when you break up with one. We are teaching young female readers the wrong things through books not only expressing this point, but also using these two concepts as turning plot points of novels.
Gena Showalter, Through the Zombie Glass|So...have you ever thought about dyeing your hair punk-rocker-chick black? As I'm sure you've heard, I have a thing for brunettes and always avoid blondes." "I've heard. And no." "Too bad. Because you're making me rethink my stance about doing my friends' exes." I snorted, not even trying to hide my...incredulity? Surely I wasn't amused. "Your making me rethink my stance on cold-blooded homicide
David McRaney, You Are Not So Smart: Why You Have Too Many Friends on Facebook, Why Your Memory Is Mostly Fiction, and 46 Other Ways You're Deluding Yourself|In 1965, a psychologist named Martin Seligman started shocking dogs.He was trying to expand on the research of Pavlov--the guy who could make dogs salivate when they heard a bell ring. Seligman wanted to head in the other direction, and when he rang his bell, instead of providing food, he zapped the dogs with electricity. To keep them still, he restrained them in a harness during the experiment. After they were conditioned, he put these dogs in a big box with a little fence dividing it into two halves. He figured if the dog rang the bell, it would hop over the fence to escape, but it didn't. It just sat there and braced itself. They decided to try shocking the dog after the bell. The dog still just sat there and took it. When they put a dog in the box that had never been shocked before or had previously been allowed to escape and tried to zap it--it jumped the fence.You are just like these dogs.If, over the course of your life, you have experienced crushing defeat or pummeling abuse or loss of control, you convince yourself over time that there is no escape, and if escape is offered, you will not act--you become a nihilist who trusts futility above optimism.Studies of the clinically depressed show that they often give in to defeat and stop trying. . .Any extended period of negative emotions can lead to you giving in to despair and accepting your fate. If you remain alone for a long time, you will decide loneliness is a fact of life and pass up opportunities to hang out with people. The loss of control in any situation can lead to this state. . .Choices, even small ones, can hold back the crushing weight of helplessness, but you can't stop there. You must fight back your behavior and learn to fail with pride. Failing often is the only way to ever get the things you want out of life. Besides death, your destiny is not inescapable.
Diane Mandt Langberg, Counseling Survivors of Sexual Abuse|(a quote from a survivor)Read up on the psychology of abuse. Listen to music. Being alone to process without chatter. Usually outside doing something physical, doing these things helps you believe you CAN do anything. Share my story without shame.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If only you can add just one great and distinctive thing to your life each day, you shall surely not just live and leave one great thing!
Dag Solstad, Shyness and Dignity|I realised with a prickle of discomfort why he bothered me: it was not so much that I resented the hearty backslapping bonhomie of English upper-class gentlemen, for I could tolerate it well enough in Sidney on his own. It was the way Sidney fell so easily into this strutting group of young men, where I could not, and the fear that he might in some ways prefer their company to mine. Once again, I felt that peculiar stab of loneliness that only an exile truly knows: the sense that I did not belong, and never would again.
Raheel Farooq|The most brutal avenger on earth is a reality you ignored, however minor.
Gail Blanke, Throw Out Fifty Things: Clear the Clutter, Find Your Life|I know what it's like to battle everyday of my life, just for acceptance, just to survive.
Prince Royce|When I started, there was something almost romantic about the notion of paparazzi. I mean, it wasn't. They were still chasing you down the road. But that guy had to put film in his camera and work out whether it was worth pressing the button to take the shot, otherwise he's got to stop and change the film. So it was like this age of innocence.
Holly Hood, Heart of Gypsies|From the managerial perspective, Sir Oliver Humperdink, a heinous sort for most of his career, said the release of pentup emotions might even have been healthy for mind and soul. "As heels, we were able to be as annoying and politically incorrect’ as possible.We were able to say and do what everyone probably wanted to say and do, but, for one reason or another, could never, ever get away with. And, by being able to do so, I generally found that my fellow heels were much more 'easygoing' than our babyface counterparts who had to 'toe the line.
George Lois|There's something very authentic about humor, when you think about it. Anybody can pretend to be serious. But you can't pretend to be funny.
John Dewey|Embrace the weather, child, and you'll understand the balance of the world.
Astrid 'Artistikem' Cruz|I write because, if I don't, my characters will murder me in my sleep.
Jimi Hendrix|When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Rowan Coleman, The Day We Met|looking at my reflection, in the window opposite, hollow and translucent, I see a woman disappearing. It would help if I looked like that in real life – if the more the disease advanced, the more ‘see-through’ I became until, eventually, I would be just a wisp of a ghost. How much more convenient it would be, how much easier for everyone, including me, if my body just melted away along with my mind. Then we’d all know where we were, literally and metaphysically.
Patricia Hamill, Fearless|No more running, no more half living, starving or fear. You have it better than me now, I think.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|Until that moment she had never thought she could do it. Never thought she would be brave enough or scared enough, or desperate enough to dare.
William Butler Yeats|Poetry is not an expression of the party line. It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think, making the private world public, that's what the poet does.
Mari Miniatt|May I search it?" she asked. "We screen for weapons."I stared at her, always a risky thing to do to a vampire. "Of course not. I have no weapons.
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|Alice thought to herself, 'Then there's no use in speaking.' The voices didn't join in this time, as she hadn't spoken, but to her great surprise, they all thought in chorus (I hope you understand what thinking in chorus means--for I must confess that I don't), 'Better say nothing at all. Language is worth a thousand pounds a word!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Then, slowly, my feet settled to the ground. Before I had taken six steps I sagged like a sail when the wind fades. As I walked back through the town, past sleeping houses and dark inns, my mood swung from elation to doubt in the space of three brief breaths.I had ruined everything. All the things I had said, things that seemed so clever at the time, were in fact the worst things a fool could say. Even now she was inside, breathing a sigh of relief to finally be rid of me.But she had smiled. Had laughed.She hadn't remembered our first meeting on the road from Tarbean. I couldn't have made that much of an impression on her.'Steal me,' she had said.I should have been bolder and kissed her at the end. I should have been more cautious. I had talked too much. I had said too little.
Charlie Kaufman|There aren't many downsides to being rich, other than paying taxes and having relatives asking for money. But being famous, that's a 24 hour job right there.
Harrish Sairaman|Emotion is not what makes us weak. It's what makes us human, The ability to care, even if people often do not.
Debalina Haldar, Wrinkles in Memory|People think a lot, but most of that thinking is of a problem, project or situation - not about it
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you leave this world without solving the problems for which you were born, then you are a failure.
Michael Phelps|Most businesses think that product is the most important thing, but without great leadership, mission and a team that deliver results at a high level, even the best product won't make a company successful.
Chirag Tulsiani|Somehow, the days of summer with their glimmering enchantment of dancing ladybugs and sailing clouds had faded into grey. Maddie’s heart had somehow faded with it.
Ane Krstevska|Success is a work in progress, failure is not the end of the road: it is the strength to continue that matters.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Even if you can’t see the whole road ahead, you can ask for the one step that will lead you forward.
Jack Kerouac, The Subterraneans|I feel impossibly sad and like I'll die, what can we do?
E. O. Wilson|When I put my faith in Jesus Christ as my savior, and I asked him to forgive and to come into my life, and He does - from that moment forward I have established a personal relationship with God that I have to develop, you know, through Bible reading and prayer, and living my life for him.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Ladies, you have a ton of power if you just understand the fundamental differences between men and women and unaffectedly play by the rules.
Jennifer Erin Valent, Fireflies in December|Daddy didn’t say anything for a minute or so, and then he reached up and caught a firefly as it glowed beside him. “See this light?” he asked me when the firefly lit up his hand.“Yes’r.”“That light is bright enough to light up a little speck of the night sky so a man can see it a ways away. That’s what God expects us to do. We’re to be lights in the dark, cold days that are this world. Like fireflies in December.”“Time meandered on without Gemma’s momma and daddy, and it meandered on without Cy fuller and Walt Blevins. . . but those of us left behind viewed life more dearly, felt it more keenly. I’d learned a bit more about God and I’d seen His powerful hands at work. As I was growing, my heart was changing. And the way I figured it, there were lessons learned in those dark days that would help me for years to come.”“As I sat on the porch on that December day . . . I leaned my head against the rail and sighed deeply. The way I figured it just then, my summer may have been full of bad luck, but my life wasn’t. I figured as far as family went, I was one of the luckiest girls alive.
Nelson Mandela|Things go bad after a divorce and often stay that way. It is rare for the parties to return placidly to a time before they met. A bitterness lingers on. Those who call this our Independence Day, fantasising of returning to a never-never time before they married, when they were free, easy, single, and master of their fate, are delusional.
Eden Butler, Platform Four|She smiled, and her smile was filled with all of the sweetness and forgiveness that she offered so freely - and that he didn't deserve. But maybe, as with God, it was time to finally stop condemning himself and accept the gift.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|When the white arm rests upon the knee it is a triangle; now it is upright - a column; now a fountain, falling. It makes no sign, it does not beckon, it does not see us. Behind it roars the sea. It is beyond our reach. Yet there I venture. There I go to replenish my emptiness, to stretch my nights and fill them fuller and fuller with dreams. And for a second even now, even here, I reach my object and say, “Wander no more. All is trial and make-believe. Here is the end.
Bob Marley|You say you love rain, but you use an umbrella to walk under it. You say you love sun, but you seek shelter when it is shining. You say you love wind, but when it comes you close your windows. So that's why I'm scared when you say you love me.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Just as the light bulb allows the electricity within it the opportunity to express its power, the body allows prana—life energy—to express itself. In yoga, our goal is to slowly increase the wattage of the subtle body, allowing prana to flow within us and through us, leaving health and balance in its wake.
Leviak B. Kelly, The Leprechaun Delusion|There is no such thing as perfect. But even if there was, I would pick you over perfection any day.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|Logic, when used correctly and by an intellect that is not corrupted by the lower passions, may lead to one to the Transcendent itself.
A.M. Burrage|The strangest experiences in life are apt to lose their effect if dwelt upon long enough. ("Furze Hollow")
Jessica Lee, Undying Desire|Whatever else she’d been on the verge of saying lodged in her throat as if her mind had suddenly registered what he'd meant. A solitary tear crested and trailed unchecked down her cheek. Oh, hell. At that moment, he'd give his life to take away the pain in her eyes. Her knees wobbled.“Come here.” He made the request, but she didn't move. And it took every last drop of patience he could muster not to drag her into him by force. But Eve was not a damsel in distress who needed a hero to save her.Not that she'd admit, anyway.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|If boys would think, it would be well to give them less classwork and more opportunity for thought.
Finis Jennings Dake|The Bible talks about building houses on sand and rock, but says nothing about a brick house built on a blanket.
Elon Musk|I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented.
Hans Lindor|Food to eat and games to play.Tell me why, tell me why.Serve it out and eat it up.Have a try, have a try.
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|He gaped at her. "You want me to wear it?"	"Yes. That's what a chain of diamond is for....Wear it. Wear it all the time, even when you sleep. I need you to wear it. I got it for you."	"You've had it for twenty years." At least.	"I was trying it on.
Nia Vardalos|The white hot publicity that came from 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' was appreciated but not sought, so I was happy to walk away from it and then write.
Stephen McAndrew, Why It Doesn't Matter What You Believe If It's Not True: Is There Absolute Truth?|The real purpose of the scientific method is to make sure Nature hasn't misled you into thinking you know something you don't actually know. There's not a mechanic or scientist or technician alive who hasn't suffered from that one so much that he's not instinctively on guard. That's the main reason why so much scientific and mechanical information sounds so dull and so cautious. If you get careless or go romanticizing scientific information, give it a flourish here and there, Nature will soon make a complete fool out of you. It does it often enough anyway even when you don't give it opportunities. One must be extremely careful and rigidly logical when dealing with Nature: one logical slip and an entire scientific edifice comes tumbling down. One false deduction about the machine and you can get hung up indefinitely.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|In my youth, I was always one for the dramatic entrance. Now, in keeping with my character, I gravitate more toward the subtle and refined. Okay, with the occasional feathered serpent thrown in.
Mahrukh|No matter how high buildings you make, your soul needs to be where it belongs.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Is it true that man was once perfectly pure and innocent, and that he became degenerate by disobedience? No. The real truth is, and the history of man shows, that he has advanced. Events, like the pendulum of a clock have swung forward and backward, but after all, man, like the hands, has gone steadily on. Man is growing grander. He is not degenerating. Nations and individuals fail and die, and make room for higher forms. The intellectual horizon of the world widens as the centuries pass. Ideals grow grander and purer; the difference between justice and mercy becomes less and less; liberty enlarges, and love intensifies as the years sweep on. The ages of force and fear, of cruelty and wrong, are behind us and the real Eden is beyond. It is said that a desire for knowledge lost us the Eden of the past; but whether that is true or not, it will certainly give us the Eden of the future.
Leila Aboulela|You there is such a thing as a door," I whispered. "You should try it some time.
Scott Stabile|A happiness trick:do more things that make you happy, and you'll be happy more often.
Reshall Varsos|Intimacy is not purely physical. It's the act of connecting with someone so deeply, you feel like you can see into their soul.
Hannibal Buress|Every congresswoman surely endures the same strains that drive some of her male colleagues to have affairs: lots of travel, families far away, heady work that makes a domestic routine seem distant and boring. But the stakes are much higher for women, because they are still judged by a different standard.
Alison Sinclair, Lightborn|[Phoebe Broome] 'Well,' she said at last. 'You've now met my father. At his worst.'[Lord Vladimir] 'Being myself widely considered my family's most difficult member, I would not presume to comment.''That is... gentlemanly of you.
Joe Abercrombie, Half a War|What life she had left could be measured in hours. Small recompense though they were, they belonged to me now. I had only to claim them.
Adriana Mather, How to Hang a Witch|My dad always says that you don't get to choose what happens in the world, only how you react to it.
David Platt, Follow Me: A Call to Die. A Call to Live.|A servile spirit you have nothing to do with: you are not a slave, but a child; and now, inasmuch as you are a beloved child, you are bound to obey your Father's faintest wish, the least intimation of His will.
Alin Sav|Leadership does never compete, but completes.
Lester B. Pearson|Weapons are an important factor in war, but not the decisive one; it is man and not materials that counts.
Bill Bryson|The secret is confusion, make it, create it, live it, be it.
Kenneth C. Griffin|They don't need a lawyer, they need a toastmaster.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|Life is difficult for an ant, for a cat, for an elephant, for us, for birds! Everyone needs a helping hand, if not today, tomorrow for sure! Keep your hands ready for helping! Keep yourself ready to be helped!
G. Hannelius|My mom always said, 'Marry someone smarter than yourself, Katee, because No. 1, you're not that smart. And No. 2, then you'll have smart babies.'
Eddie Whitlock, Evil Is Always Human|Toward the end, a band that had a young fellow from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—I remember on account of him saying it two or three times and laughing every time that he did—played a song called 'All She Gets from the Iceman is Ice.' It made the grown folks, most of them anyway, howl laughing. I don’t think I ever seen Mama laugh so hard. When it was about over, the sheriff come up and made them stop playing it, but he was grinning, too, so I figured he was just making them stop as part of the show.
Becky Chambers|strangers seem uncomfortable when you question them about their childhood. But really, what else are you going to talk about in line at the liquor store? Childhood trauma seems like the natural choice, since it’s the reason why most of us are in line there to begin with.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|You're very lovely, gatita."Her brows pulled together, and she gave him a skeptical stare."Do not look at your master as if he's an idiot.
Edward O. Wilson, The Future Of Life|The race is now on between the technoscientific and scientific forces that are destroying the living environment and those that can be harnessed to save it. . . . If the race is won, humanity can emerge in far better condition than when it entered, and with most of the diversity of life still intact.
Norman Mailer|Negative people will always be there to stain your pure image with their dirty tongues and brushes, but you'll always remain as white as snow, no matter how high the quality of paint they use.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|The universe had an odd sense of fairness; it took away things one did not want to give up, and then gave things one did not ask for.
Marion Ross|The course of the flight up and down was exceedingly erratic, partly due to the irregularity of the air, and partly to lack of experience in handling this machine. The control of the front rudder was difficult on account of its being balanced too near the center.
Deepak Rawat, The Mind Spaghetti|Everything we hold will soon elapse,as we’ll sleep through one dreamless night;but rising again to this dream, whether we’ll behiding behind our darkness or this borrowed light?"- Thou little fool
M.R. Carey, Fellside|There are strings in the human heart which must never be sounded by another, and drinks that I make myself are those strings in mine.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|History in the storyteller's hand was a potent force indeed,....
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|What's all this about sin, eh?''That,' I said, very sick. 'Using Ludwig van like that. He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.' And then I was really sick and they had to bring a bowl that was in the shape of like a kidney.'Music,' said Dr. Brodsky, like musing. 'So you're keen on music. I know nothing about it myself. It's a useful emotional heightener, that's all I know. Well, well. What do you think about that, eh, Branom?''It can't be helped,' said Dr. Branom. 'Each man kills the thing he loves...
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I wrote about the things I discovered along the way and about how whether we believe it or not, everything we need to succeed in life is already present inside us. We just have to find the few.
Dean Smith|When I look back all is flux, without beginning and flowing towards no end, or none that I shall experience, except as a final full stop. The items of flotsam that I choose to salvage from the general wreckage—and what is a life but a gradual shipwreck?—may take on an aspect of inevitability when I put them on display in their glass showcases, but they are random; representative, perhaps, perhaps compellingly so, but random nonetheless.
Criss Jami|As for the secularist belief that says 'if we were to eliminate all religions, the world would know peace,' this is the Atheist Heaven; thus it is so important to him (although perhaps more laughable than some say the Christian Heaven). It is about as useless as saying 'if all people were true Christians, the world would know peace,' or 'if all people were devout Muslims, the world would know peace.' And even yet, the secular dream could remain active only for a time before generational rebellion and freedom of thought were to kick in anew.
C. JoyBell C.|Many times, you are the single most significant and glorious thing that has ever happened in the lives of some people; they sit around and talk about you over and over again throughout the years while you are out there living your life, every step that you take and every kiss that you make having absolutely nothing to do with them, at all!
Osho|Mind: A beautiful servant, a dangerous master.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|People always say that, when you love someone, nothing in the world matters. But that's not true, is it? You know, and I know, that when you love someone, everything in the world matters a little bit more.
Peggy Holroyde|Praise to our Indian brothers, and the dark face have his due!Thanks to the kindly dark faces who fought with us, faithful and few,Fought with the bravest among us, and drove them, and smote them, and slew.That ever upon the topment roof our banner in India blew.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|Sorry, lass. Ye have to seize the teachable moments, you know. Carry on.
Lauren Conrad, L.A. Candy|Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|You know the minute you stop thinking about it, it'll happen.
Max Andrew Dubinsky, An Anthology of Madness|Is the Lord’s Supper only for Christians? Whenever I ask this question I immediately remember the character of those that partook of the Last Supper with Jesus. They were certainly Jews, some better Jews than others, but Jesus shared this meal knowingly even with Judas. Or again consider the Emmaus Road encounter. Jesus shares this meal with those who had given up on his being the One to redeem Israel, who were leaving Jerusalem downcast and disappointed, and who were oblivious to the fact that it was Jesus who was speaking and sharing with them! There has to be a balance in the liturgy to help the congregation make a decision if they themselves are ready to partake of this Meal in a worthy manner (hence the 'ye who do truly and earnestly repent' clause), while at the same time joyfully welcoming all who are willing and ready and able to do so.
Jon Ronson, So You've Been Publicly Shamed|I lie there for a while in the dusk, then make a decision, little knowing how it will affect every facet of my life and fiber of my being for the rest of my life: I say no to shame.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|Summer was our best season: it was sleeping on the back screened porch in cots, or trying to sleep in the treehouse; summer was everything good to eat; it was a thousand colors in a parched landscape; but most of all, summer was Dill.
Haidji, SG - Suicide Game|Sometimes your dream is so special that... you can't kill it. You can't die even if you try. Life will find a way to fulfill it, and a way to keep you alive. Because the Earth needs dreamers to survive.
Emma A. Jane, Misogyny Online: A Short (and Brutish) History|I once listened to a woman describe a group of men marching toward her house with sticks lit afire, screaming things like 'git the nigger' and 'kill the nigger bitch.' Those tiki torches weren't about protest. They were about a statement. It said, 'We're still here because we never left.
Mary Roach|She needs you, Dad," Julia says. "She has unfinished business in this world.""What is the matter with you?" Charlie asks his daughter. "Any sane person would have told me to go to the doctor. I'm seeing a headless apparition every day. Maybe my medications are conflicting. You should see the list of side effects on this stuff.
Amy E. Tobin, Still, Love Remains: God's Crimson Threads of Grace|God created every heart, every person for relationship.
Jacob Dalton|You know the stories of a woman saying to Churchill, 'Sir, you're drunk,' and he said to her, 'And you're ugly, but in the morning I'll be sober.' I was really excited to do that scene, but I did get slapped.
John F. Kennedy|The protesters have called into question whether there is a real democracy. Real democracy is more than the right to vote once every two or four years. The choices have to be meaningful. But increasingly, and especially in the US, it seems that the political system is more akin to "one dollar one vote" than to "one person one vote". Rather than correcting the market failures, the political system was reinforcing them.
Toni Collette|It is not our purpose to become each other; it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is.
Shane K.P. O'Neill, The Path To Decay (Vlad Dracula, #2)|Exercise care with what it is you do when you hold my heart in your hands. For it is my love that makes you special. When it is gone, you shall soon know it and you shall be special no more.Shane KP O'Neill - The Gates Of Babylon
Erri De Luca, Tre cavalli|Three-Step Method for Making Stronger Connections: Take the Triangle Talk approach to connecting and reaching agreement with others: You, Me, Us. First refer to their interest, then yours - and then note how your interests coincide. This approach enables diverse people to gain traction sooner toward a common goal.
Jenny Nimmo|Peace does not mean just to stop wars, but also to stop oppression and injustice.
Jacques Philippe, Searching for and Maintaining Peace: A Small Treatise on Peace of Heart|In order to resist fear and discouragement, it is necessary that through prayer - through a personal experience of God re-encountered, recognized and loved in prayer - we taste and see how good the Lord is (Psalm 34).
Jairam Ramesh|There are more effective ways of tackling environmental problems including global warming, proliferation of plastics, urban sprawl, and the loss of biodiversity than by treaties, top-down regulations, and other approaches offered by big governments and their dependents.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|There are times when you have to do things for yourself, not because no one else can do it, but because no one else can do it to the degree you want.
Douglas Coupland|At one time, you could sit on the Rue de la Paix in Paris or at the Habima Theater in Tel Aviv or in Medina and you could see a person come in, black, white, it didn't matter. You said, 'That's an American' because there's a readiness to smile and to talk to people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It's hard, omigod remember? Being a kid.
Unknown|Who is most likely to bother about your happiness? You, yourself. So like yourself, love yourself, change for your own good and stop looking out to others for your happiness.
O. S. Hickman|One day blacks and whites will come together like the keys of a piano, and be as beautiful as the it makes
Christopher Hitchens, A Long Short War: The Postponed Liberation of Iraq|Some say that because the United States was wrong before, it cannot possibly be right now, or has not the right to be right. (The British Empire sent a fleet to Africa and the Caribbean to maintain the slave trade while the very same empire later sent another fleet to enforce abolition. I would not have opposed the second policy because of my objections to the first; rather it seems to me that the second policy was morally necessitated by its predecessor.)
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|Maybe what River had meant was that time itself was like a river, moving steadily forward, and you got to be in a new river every day, every hour. All my life I'd felt like a lake. A lake where everyhting was contained, forever. All my experiences, all the different people I'd been, everything I'd had, everything I'd lost...I carried them around with me, all the time
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|We are animals descended from five billion years of wanting, striving, and seeking. And life just doesn’t cooperate. So we suffer. And so the solution to that problem is to upgrade our minds, in a distinctly ‘unnatural’ way, so that the mind clings less and lets go more.
Cole Alpaugh|It was a year ago today your daughter went missing.’ Bagg had closed his eyes, feeling the death going on inside.
Susan Vreeland|Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life..."It's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|That’s not Eire. Everyone always thinks that, but we’re not shamrocks and wee men. You should know the difference.
Nicki Salcedo, All Beautiful Things|Dear J.,I want to explain something.After my dad set me on fire...Well...He died in jail while I was in the hospital getting skin grafts. And I never got to tell him how much he hurt me. Not just physically, but inside, you know? So I took it out on other things for a while.I'm better now. I get counseling for it, and I'm really better. But I'm not perfect. And I'm still fighting it. See... You're like the only person I have in my life that I really care about. I'm selfish about that. I don't want anybody to touch you. I want to keep you safe. That's why I hate this assignment so much. Now that I have you, I'm afraid to see you get hurt or messed up, like I was. I'm afraid I'll lose you, I guess. I wish you could always be safe. I worry a lot. If you weren't so damned independent...Ah, well. *smile* As much as we have been through in the past few months, we still don't know each other very well, do we? I want to change that about us. Do you? I want to know you better. Know what makes you happy and what scares you. And I want you to know that about me, too.I love you.I will try to never hurt you again.I know I'll screw up. But I'll keep trying, as long as you let me.Love, Cabe
Jamie Vardy|Obviously, when you're doing fitness work at a club all week and every week, it's all about specific drills for what you need to do on the pitch. So I'd be doing a different drill to the centre-midfielders. It's all specifically tailored for me. For example, my drills are high speed. It's all about trying to break the line with a sharp sprint.
Teju Cole, Known and Strange Things: Essays|There is a great deal to be said in favour of reading a novel backwards. The last page is as a rule the most interesting, and when one begins with the catastrophe or the dénouement one feels on pleasant terms of equality with the author. It is like going behind the scenes of a theatre. One is no longer taken in, and the hair-breadth escapes of the hero and the wild agonies of the heroine leave one absolutely unmoved. One knows the jealously guarded secret, and one can afford to smile at the quite unnecessary anxiety that the puppets of fiction always consider it their duty to display.
Michel Houellebecq, The Elementary Particles|It is possible to construct a history which is logically consistent. It cannot be said to be true; simply that it can be sustained without contradiction. Under a given set of experimental conditions, a finite number of possible histories can be recreated using Griffiths’s method; these are called Griffiths’s Consistent Histories. In these, the world behaves as though composed of separate objects, each having fixed, intrinsic properties. However, the number of consistent histories that can be created from a single set of data is generally greater than one. As a being you are self-aware, and this consciousness allows you to hypothesize that the story you’ve created from a given set of memories is a consistent history, justified by a single narrative voice. As a unique individual, having existed for a particular period and been subjected to an ontology of objects and properties, you can assert this with absolute certainty, and so automatically assume that it is a Griffiths’s history. You make this hypothesis about real life, rather than about the domain of dreams.
G H Hardy|I am not qualified to say whether or not God exists. I kind of doubt He does. Nevertheless I'm always saying that the SF( The SF is the supreme Fascist, the Number-One guy up there) has this transfinite book-transfinite being a concept in mathematics that is larger than infinite-that contains the best proofs of all mathematical theorems, proofs that are elegant and perfect.
Laurence Hope|For this is Wisdom; to love, to liveTo take what fate, or the Gods may give.To ask no question, to make no prayer,To kiss the lips and caress the hair,Speed passion's ebb as you greet its flowTo have, -to hold -and -in time, -let go!
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|She took the posters downtown that afternoon. She filled a rolling suitcase with them ... she took a stapler. And a box of staples. And hope. I think of those things. The paper, the stapler, the staples, the tape, the hope. It makes me sick. Physical things. Forty years of loving someone becomes staples and hop.
Zachary Levi|Good ideas are like Nike sports shoes. They may facilitate success for an athlete who possesses them, but on their own they are nothing but an overpriced pair of sneakers. Sports shoes don't win races. Athletes do.
Yo-Yo Ma|A lot of people think I had such a rosy career, but I wanted to identify that one of the things that helps you have a long career is learning how to deal with adversity, how to get past it. Once I learned how to get through that, others things didn't seem so hard.
Janusz Korwin-Mikke|We’re all geniuses. Life is merely overpopulated with singers who play drums, and, drummers who sing, to pay rent.
M.F. Moonzajer|Love – Acceptance – Unity – Peace –Integrity – Respect… a strong, pure creed is short on words and long on nourishing ideas. For me, the longer the creed the more it has been diluted, manipulated, and spoiled. The results of this creed poisoning can be seen in the behavior of its followers. We have all heard the expression, “The devil is in the details”; my observations have led me to suspect this is true.
Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker|ur be the things I am wiser to know:Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.Four be the things I'd been better without:Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.Three be the things I shall never attain:Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.Three be the things I shall have till I die:Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
Judy Melinek|No matter who you were in sixteenth-century Europe, you could be sure of two things: you would be lucky to reach fifty years of age, and you could expect a life of discomfort and pain. Old age tires the body by thirty-five, Erasmus lamented, but half the population did not live beyond the age of twenty. There were doctors and there was medicine, but there does not seem to have been a great deal of healing. Anyone who could afford to seek a doctor's aid did so eagerly, but the doctor was as likely to maim or kill as to cure. His potions were usually noxious and sometimes fatal—but they could not have been as terrible and traumatic as the contemporary surgical methods. The surgeon and the Inquisitor differed only in their motivation: otherwise, their batteries of knives, saws, and tongs for slicing, piercing, burning, and amputating were barely distinguishable. Without any anesthetic other than strong liquor, an operation was as bad as the torments of hell.
L. Frank Baum, Ozma of Oz|But one only woke people if one knew what one wanted to say to them. And she wanted to say not one thing, but everything.
Mark F. LaMoure|Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself and work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Constant self-growth over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for great success and achievement.
Mary Tornyenyor|Those who forget the past are condemned to repeat it.” ― Chuck Palahniuk, ChokeAs much as i still keep my past pictures to testify that Jesus reigns and change lives to help others in that situation to see that there is nothing good in this world. I also do it for me. i grow and learn each day.WHICH IS EASIER? TO HIDE IN CHURCH, LOOK LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE THERE AND FORGET I EVER LIVED A DIRTY LIFE OR WHAT I DO NOW?God bless us all.Shalom
Christopher M. Giambruno|If there is a credo in practical medicine, it is that the important thing is to be sensible.
Leila Janah|Ian Fleming was my cousin, you know. He was in naval intelligence.
Bruce Jenvey, My Father's Ashes: A Young Man's Journey Through His Father's Life|I suppose if you take enough slim chances, you are bound to create success out of one if you stick with it long enough. Either way, imagine what you might be able to learn in the process - about the work, and yes, of yourself too.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|These qualities make a great impression on your boss, your teams, and your customers. You will be more respected, noticed, and appreciated in the process. As your own "CEO of Self," projecting this positive level of engagement furthers your own personal reputation and interests for healthy communication, networking, and positive first impressions. An added bonus is that YOU will receive great benefits from putting forth this type of effort. Whether it be self-esteem, new training, cooperation, experience, or a raise or bonus, the rewards are extensive and many.
Asa Gray|A question for Christians who accept evolution: When did we gain a "soul"? Did Homo habilis have a soul? Homo ergaster? Did God only spontaneously add a soul when we evolved into Homo sapiens?
Benjamin Franklin|All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Thomas Watson|We are all guilty of sin, error, and moments of sheer stupidity; none of us should be casting stones. The occasional arced pebble might be overlooked.
Adam Smith|People respond in accordance to how you relate to them. If you approach them on the basis of violence, that's how they'll react. But if you say, 'We want peace, we want stability,' we can then do a lot of things that will contribute towards the progress of our society.
Katie Lynn Johnson, Amulet of Power|But she had slept, she was positive. She knew it because of the dreams. Despite the comfort of her bed she had tossed and turned all night, her sleep punctured by images and disjointed flashes of battle. She thought she had also dreamt of a handsome stranger with dark hair and a charming smile. Upon waking, however, the unknown man’s features were indistinct in her memory.
Shannon L. Alder|I think timing is better left up to God to decide then religious leaders. I once met a man that brought his wife flowers in the hospital. They held hands, kissed and were as affectionate as any cute couple could be. They were both in their eighties. I asked them how long they were married. I expected them to tell me fifty years or longer. To my surprise, they said only five years. He then began to explain to me that he was married thirty years to someone that didn’t love him, and then he remarried a second time only to have his second wife die of cancer, two years later. I looked at my patient (his wife) sitting in the wheelchair next to him smiling. She added that she had been widowed two times. Both of her marriages lasted fifteen years. I was curious, so I asked them why they would even bother pursuing love again at their age. He looked at me with astonishment and said, “Do you really think that you stop looking for a soulmate at our age? Do you honestly believe that God would stop caring about how much I needed it still, just because I am nearing the end of my life? No, he left the best for last. I have lived through hell, but if I only get five years of happiness with this woman then it was worth the years of struggle I have been through.
Rose Wynters, Phase Two: Evaluate|Kissing was an extension of that, a celebration. A little party between us, amplifying our naive joy, our faith that the world was delighted to give us just what we wanted.
Kanav|If challenges within this Global Economic sphere are not addressed, we risk having the same populace that celebrated the collapse of communism, or their future generations, rising up to demand that we go back to communistic approaches to the economy. Rising national debt of global powers, the growing gap between the rich and poor and the ripple effects of related threats, remain a challenge for the global economy. Will you be one of the leaders who have a unique mission with part of the illusive answers? Will you help more people rise to a better educational and economic status?
Mehmet Murat ildan|The stakes in this game are not low. Our enterprise is no less than the introduction of an alternative language, and with the language an altered perspective, for a group of phenomena that tradition tended to refer to with such words as 'spirituality', 'piety', 'morality', 'ethics' and 'asceticism'. If the manoeuvre succeeds, the conventional concept of religion, that ill-fated bugbear from the prop studios of modern Europe, will emerge from these investigations as the great loser. Certainly intellectual history has always resembled a refuge for malformed concepts - and after the following journey through the various stations, one will not only see through the concept of 'religion' in its failed design, a concept whose crookedness is second only to the hyper-bugbear that is 'culture'.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|It is never late, you can start the movement now, the provisions have been made, the price has been paid and the gifts have been packaged. Are you willing to change?
Alin Sav|When you don´t grow in holiness, your grow in sin.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|In addition, Dr. Dannyboy has suggested a fifth element: positive thinking. Pointing out that their breathing, bathing, dining and screwing brought Alobar and Kudra much physical pleasure, and that an organism steeped in pleasure is an organism disposed to continue, he has said that the will to live cannot be overestimated as a stimulant to longevity. Indeed Dr. Dannyboy goes so far as to claim that ninety percent of all deaths are suicides. Persons, says Wiggs, who lack curiosity about life, who find minimal joy in existence, are all too willing, subconsciously, to cooperate with- and attract- disease, accident and violence.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|We love someone, so we care. That love can morph into feeling responsible for them, then into we're accountable, then into we're to blame for their self-inflicted pain; then it's our fault if they crash and burn; then the fear causes us to hold on even tighter. Walk this in reverse until you get back to, "we love, we care". Now, love with wisdom. Step one in placing someone's life into His hands.
Alistair Cross, Beautiful Monster|It had been a bad trip ... fast and wild in some moments, slow and dirty in others, but on balance it looked like a bummer. On my way back to San Francisco, I tried to compose a fitting epitaph. I wanted something original, but there was no escaping the echo of Mistah Kurtz' final words from the heart of darkness: "The horror! The horror! ... Exterminate all the brutes!
Austin Fischer, Young, Restless, No Longer Reformed: Black Holes, Love, and a Journey in and Out of Calvinism|The God of Romans 9–11 finds ways to show mercy, even when the facts clamor for judgment. This doesn’t sound much like Calvinism to me, but it does sound a whole lot like Jesus.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|There's little of the melancholy element in her, my lord: she is never sad but when she sleeps; and not ever sad then; for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamt of unhappiness, and waked herself with laughing.
Shehbaz Sharif|We face a choice this election. President Obama is fighting for changes that grow the economy from the middle out and help all Americans succeed - jobs, education, health reform, the DREAM Act, equal pay for women. He is moving us forward with opportunity today for prosperity tomorrow. Mitt Romney wants to take us back to yesterday.
Boris Pasternak|I am, somehow, less interested in the weight and convolutions of Einstein’s brain than in the near certainty that people of equal talent have lived and died in cotton fields and sweatshops.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|The solitude of women's minds is regrettable, I said to myself, it's a waste to be separated from each other without procedures, without tradition.
ikke achmad|Pretending will only make us anxious and encourages us to make friends with a reason, then depending with lies, thereafter we will make love with stupidity
Elie Wiesel, Night|We believed in God, trusted in man, and lived with the illusion that every one of us has been entrusted with a sacred spark.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Like most girls, her imagination carried her just as far as the altar and no further.
Tom Robbins|In the haunted house of life, art is the only stair that doesn't creak.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Were the earth smooth, our brains would be smooth as well; we would wake, blink, walk two steps to get the whole picture, and lapse into a dreamless sleep.
Mikhail Bulgakov, Heart of a Dog|A solid answer to everything is not necessary. Blurry concepts influence one to focus, but postulated clarity influences arrogance.
Gayle Forman|The idea of winning a doctor's degree gradually assumed the aspect of a great moral struggle, and the moral fight possessed immense attraction for me.
Steven Erikson, Gardens of the Moon|Show a human a closed door, and no matter how many open doors she finds, she'll be haunted by what might be behind it.
L.M. Halloran|I do not put in long hours at the keys - or very seldom. Instead, I snatch time. I write in the crannies of my life.
Max Lucado|God is God. He knows what he is doing. When you can’t trace his hand, trust his heart.
Edith Olivier, Without Knowing Mr Walkley|Moreover it is easier, in the informality of conversation, to achieve that excitement and incoherence which is the true eloquence of love.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|Some foolish men declare that creator made the world. The doctrine that the world was created is ill advised and should be rejected. If God created the world, where was he before the creation? If you say he was transcendent then and needed no support, where is he now? How could God have made this world without any raw material? If you say that he made this first, and then the world, you are faced with an endless regression. If you declare that this raw material arose naturally you fall into another fallacy, For the whole universe might thus have been its own creator, and have arisen quite naturally. If God created the world by an act of his own will, without any raw material, then it is just his will and nothing else — and who will believe this silly nonsense? If he is ever perfect and complete, how could the will to create have arisen in him? If, on the other hand, he is not perfect, he could no more create the universe than a potter could. If he is form-less, action-less and all-embracing, how could he have created the world? Such a soul, devoid of all morality, would have no desire to create anything. If he is perfect, he does not strive for the three aims of man, so what advantage would he gain by creating the universe? If you say that he created to no purpose because it was his nature to do so, then God is pointless. If he created in some kind of sport, it was the sport of a foolish child, leading to trouble. If he created because of the karma of embodied beings [acquired in a previous creation] He is not the Almighty Lord, but subordinate to something else. If out of love for living beings and need of them he made the world, why did he not take creation wholly blissful free from misfortune? If he were transcendent he would not create, for he would be free: Nor if involved in transmigration, for then he would not be almighty. Thus the doctrine that the world was created by God makes no sense at all, And God commits great sin in slaying the children whom he himself created. If you say that he slays only to destroy evil beings, why did he create such beings in the first place? Good men should combat the believer in divine creation, maddened by an evil doctrine. Know that the world is uncreated, as time itself is, without beginning or end, and is based on the principles, life and rest. Uncreated and indestructible, it endures under the compulsion of its own n
Agatha Christie, And Then There Were None|In the midst of life, we are in death.
Desmond Tutu|Instead of a man of peace and love, I have become a man of violence and revenge.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connections can supply; and it must be by a long and unnatural estrangement, by a divorce which no subsequent connection can justify, if such precious remains of the earliest attachments are ever entirely outlived.
Debasish Mridha|As a rule, the human mind gets attached to possessions very firmly. They don’t want to lose anything. They hold on to the little possession and can’t see the big possibilities.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Ashes to Ashes: Screenplay|I still get angry when older people assume that everyone in my generation, screws around. They're probably the same ones who think all kids use dope. It's true that we are more open than our parents but that just means we accept sex and talk about it. It doesn't mean we are all jumping into bed together.
Charles de Leusse|If you dare to lose, you will dare to win.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|It takes time;It will take time, But it will happen
Paul  Allen, Idea Man|For the most part, the best opportunities now lie where your competitors have yet to establish themselves, not where they're already entrenched. Microsoft is struggling to adapt to that new reality.
Peggy Toney Horton, Somewhere in Heaven My Mother is Smiling|It dawned on him—as it hadn’t before; he was dense, he was slow—that his parents were five hundred miles away. They could make him come home, they could refuse to pay the portion of his tuition they’d agreed to pay, but they couldn’t see his jeans. “Understood,” he said.
Joy Moore|It's no longer time to take sides for or against race, rather sides against those who still do.
Carol Lee, To Die For|I think maybe they come out into the grounds in nightwear. But no, in typical anorexic stype they have read the fashion magazines literally. This is their version of thin girls in strappy clothes.The girl in the petticoat talks to me, as Emma has done on occsasion, in a rather grand style, as if she is a 'lady' of some substance and I a visiting guest.Do they chat much about clothes? I ask Emma in the car.She shakes her head.So, does she, Emma, see the difference between underwear or nightwear and 'going out' clothes?'Yes,' she says, her voices strained again. 'But it's one of the things you don't know properly when you're ill and confused. You see these pictures and the people in the magazines are real for you.
Sunday Adelaja|If you have enjoyed something, but have never experienced joy, then u have not really been happy
Sunday Adelaja|St. Augustine says something which is a great thought and a great comfort here. He interprets the passage from the Psalms ‘seek his face always’ as saying: this applies ‘for ever’; to all eternity. God is so great that we never finish our searching. He is always new. With God there is perpetual, unending encounter, with new discoveries and new joy. Such things are theological matters. At the same time, in an entirely human perspective, I look forward to being reunited with my parents, my siblings, my friends, and I imagine it will be as lovely as it was at our family home.
James E. Talmage, JESUS THE CHRIST [Illustrated]|probation. Jesus Christ was and is Jehovah, the God of Adam and of Noah, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the God of Israel, the God at whose instance the prophets of the ages have spoken, the God of all nations, and He who shall yet reign on earth as King of kings and Lord of lords.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|What women do in front of a mirror with few brushes and colors is, indeed, an art.
Bryant McGill|I couldn’t figure out if it was fate or faith that had brought me there. How funny those two words sounded when paired together. One was the inevitable, something I could not change in my life, while the other was the hope and belief that I could. These two words were enemies of each other, and one of them was down right dangerous for a slave to have anywhere near his mind.
Evan McMullin|They say military have the so-called 'secret intelligence' - this amount of intelligence must be very secret, since I've never seen any intelligent military person, nor I have seen any sense in the bloody stupid wars.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Snowflakes swirl down gently in the deep blue haze beyond the window. The outside world is a dream.Inside, the fireplace is brightly lit, and the Yule log crackles with orange and crimson sparks.There’s a steaming mug in your hands, warming your fingers.There’s a friend seated across from you in the cozy chair, warming your heart.There is mystery unfolding.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|It's only in mediocre books that people are divided into two camps and have nothing to do with each other. In real life everything gets mixed up! Don't you think you'd have to be a hopeless nonentity to play only one role all your life, to have only one place in society, always to stand for the same thing?
Julie Jewels Smoot|With support from the women in Nia, I decided to take white belt and realized that I could come back into my body. That I did not have to stay out of my body, That I was safe coming back to myself,That I could love my body again,The connection was madeThat it is safe for me to be in my body and to love myself, That I can express my true feelingsThat I can sound and tell my truth
J.M. Reep, The Spring|Stacey muttered, "But I hate this school, and this city, and the sooner I leave, the better. I want to start over in a new place. I haven't . . ." her voice trailed off and she looked away from Jason, hoping instead to find her words among the falling raindrops. "Do you ever feel like you aren't the person you're supposed to be? That you could be a different person - and have a better life - if things had been just a little different?
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|He shrank from hearing Margaret's very name mentioned; he, while he blamed her – while he was jealous of her – while he renounced her – he loved her sorely, in spite of himself.
Thomas Bernhard, Frost|Women were like rivers, their banks were unreachable, the night often rang with the cries of the drowned.
Nabeel Philip Mohan, No Return Address: A collection of poems|Now we’re guests in a faraway land nearly 40 years on. No trees, no cool breeze, no best friends. Only endless days spent in sending SMSs...
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|Adulthood’s full of ghosts... High-functioning sleepwalkers, essentially.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Are there good governments and bad governments? No, there are only bad governments and worse governments.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Only a man who has his health, a full stomach and wears clean clothes would ever entertain the notion of tracking down the greatest lost city on Earth.
Francis de Sales|Patience from a Buddhist perspective is not a "wait and see" attitude, but rather one of "just be there"... Patience can also be based on not expecting anything.Think of patience as an act of being open to whatever comes your way. When you begin to solidify expectations, you get frustrated because they are not met in the way you had hoped... With no set idea of how something is supposed to be, it is hard to get stuck on things not happening in the time frame you desired. Instead, you are just being there, open to the possibilities of your life.
Mike Epps|As a kid, I loved 'Godot' because of the poetry and the humor and the strangeness, but then as you get older, it's much more resonant.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|Suddenly, I viddied what I had to do, and that was to do myself in; to snuff it, to blast off forever out of this wicked, cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and, then, sleep forever, and ever and ever.
Tina J. Richardson, I didnt mean it that way|During World War I, Germany had only 25 of its vaunted submarines sailing at any one time.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Sometimes, persevering...is simply having the courage to let go. ~Jason Versey
Beatriz Williams, A Hundred Summers|Is this different? Does love make lovemaking better? Does Nick feel this holy consummation, this wonder and beauty, this eternity, the way I do? Or is sex simply like this, designed by Nature to fool us all into multiplying?
Andrea Portes, Hick|Jennifer Johnson: Can you say why America is the greatest country in the world?Sharon: Diversity and opportunity.Moderator: Lewis?Lewis: Freedom and freedom... so let's keep it that way.Moderator: Will?Will McAvoy: The New York Jets.Moderator: No, I'm going to hold you to an answer on that. What makes America the greatest country in the world?Will McAvoy: Well, Lewis and Sharon said it. Diversity and opportunity and freedom and freedom.Moderator: I'm not letting you go back to the airport without answering the question.Will McAvoy: Well, our Constitution is a masterpiece. James Madison was a genius. The Declaration of Independence is, for me, the single greatest piece of American writing...[Professor keeps staring]Will McAvoy: You don't look satisfied.Moderator: One's a set of laws and the other's a declaration of war. I want a human moment from you... what about the people? Why is America...Will McAvoy: It's not the greatest country in the world, professor. That's my answer.Moderator: You're saying...Will McAvoy: Yes.Moderator: Let's talk about...Will McAvoy: Fine.[Turns to Sharon]Will McAvoy: Sharon, the NEA is a loser. Yeah, it accounts for a penny out of our paycheck, but he[gestures to Lewis]Will McAvoy: gets to hit you with it anytime he wants. It doesn't cost money, it costs votes. It costs airtime and column inches. You know why people don't like liberals? Cause they lose. If liberals are so fucking smart, how come they lose so god damn always?Sharon: Hey!Will McAvoy: [Turns to Louis] And with a straight face, you're gonna tell students that America is so star-spangled awesome that we're the only ones in the world who have freedom? Canada has freedom. Japan has freedom. The UK. France. Italy. Germany. Spain. Australia... Belgium! has freedom... 207 sovereign states in the world, like 180 of 'em have freedom.Moderator: Alright...Will McAvoy: [Looks at Jenny] And, yeah, you... sorority girl. Just in case you accidentally wander into a voting booth one day, there are some things you should know. One of them is: There is absolutely no evidence to support the statement that we're the greatest country in the world. We're 7th in literacy, 27th in math, 22nd in science, 49th in life expectancy, 178th in infant mortality, 3rd in median household income, number 4 in labor force and number 4 in exports. We lead the world in only three categories: number of incarcerated citizens per capita, number of adults who believe angels are real and defense spending - where we spend more than the next 26 countries combined, 25 of whom are allies. Now, none of this is the fault of a 20-year-old college student, but you, nonetheless, are without a doubt a member of the worst period generation period ever period, so when you ask what makes us the greatest country in the world, I don't know what the FUCK you're talking about!... Yosemite?[Stunned silence]Will McAvoy: ... It sure used to be. We stood up for what was right. We fought for moral reasons. We passed laws, struck down laws - for moral reasons. We waged wars on poverty, not on poor people. We sacrificed, we cared about our neighbors, we put our money where our mouths were and we never beat our chest. We built great, big things, made ungodly technological advanced, explored the universe, cured diseases and we cultivated the world's greatest artists AND the world's greatest economy. We reached for the stars, acted like men. We aspired to intelligence, we didn't belittle it. It didn't make us feel inferior. We didn't identify ourselves by who we voted for in the last election and we didn't scare so easy. We were able to be all these things and do all these things because we were informed... by great men, men who were revered. First step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one. America is not the greatest country in the world anymore.
Whipplesnaith|Everyone is born and they die, but it's the memories they leave behind that define them and let them live on than others.
Joe Kane, Running the Amazon|You think too much," she said."OK, no more thinking.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Sebastian just smiled. “I could hear your heart beating,” he said softly. “When you were watching me with Valentine. Did it bother you?”“That you seem to be dating my dad?” Jace shrugged. "You’re a little young for him, to be honest.”“What?” For the first time since Jace had met him, Sebastian seemed flabbergasted.
Montague Brown|All order, I've come to understand, is theoretical, unreal — a harmless, sensible, smiling mask men slide between the two great, dark realities, the self and the world — two snake pits.
Jeet Thayil, Narcopolis|He read because it gave him instant gratification in a way nothing else did,and as was the case with all addicts,gratification was the important thing.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|Like a fractal, wetiko operates on multiple dimensions simultaneously--intra-personally (within individuals), inter-personally (among ourselves), collectively (as a species), as well as trans-personally (in a realm beyond our personal selves). Those afflicted with wetiko consume, like a cannibal, the life force of others--human and nonhuman--for private purposes or profit, and do so without giving back something from their own lives.
Ray Comfort, Nothing Created Everything: The Scientific Impossibility of Atheistic Evolution|Darwin theorized that mankind (both male and female) evolved alongside each other over millions of years, both reproducing after their own kind before the ability to physically have sex evolved. They did this through “asexuality” (“without sexual desire or activity or lacking any apparent sex or sex organs”). Each of them split in half: “Asexual organisms reproduce by fission (splitting in half).
Wiz Khalifa|Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.
Octave Chanute|We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained, and new rights to be won, and they must be won and used for the progress of all people. For space science, like nuclear science and technology, has no conscience of its own. Whether it will become a force for good or ill depends on man, and only if the United States occupies a position of preeminence can we help decide whether this new ocean will be a sea of peace or a new terrifying theater of war.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Sheep hurt my father, and through my father, sheep have also hurt me.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|There was something dead in my heart.I tried to figure out what it was by the strength of the smell. I knew that it was not a lion or a sheep or a dog. Using logical deduction, I came to the conclusion that it was a mouse.I had a dead mouse in my heart.
Wynton Marsalis|Nothing is further from the truth than the claim that the American soul is ‘open-minded’ and unbiased; on the contrary, it is ridden with countless taboos of which people are sometimes not even aware.
Friedrich August von Hayek|In my view, far from deserving condemnation for their courageous reporting, the New York Times, the Washington Post and other newspapers should be commended for serving the purpose that the Founding Fathers saw so clearly.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Sadly we live in a society where it is more popular to be popular than to be honorable, audacious and worthy.
Alija Izetbegović|Islamo-Fascism is NOT the result of economic deprivation or legitimate blowback because of Western foreign policies or even heinous drone attacks on Muslim civilians. All non-Muslims as Infidels, regardless of their faith or lack of it, are in an ideological war with a demonized, freedom-hating Muslim death-cult rooted in their accurate interpretation of the Qur'an!
Vera B. Williams|And then I know I'm being a man, not just some kid who's upset and wants it his way.
Collette West, Night Games|This kiss was different from the first one under the olive tree. That one had been unplanned, she was pretty sure. This kiss had intention and hunger branded all over it. It was like one of those kisses you read about in fairy tales—but Alana had never imagined that such a kiss could cause bone-trembling shivers as well as bliss. She’d never considered the downside of the awakening kiss, of how the princess felt when the hero tore through the thorns or scaled the tower and speared heat and sex and life-changing energy into the princess’s world.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|Praying God’s solutions from the Word releases life, but praying negatively and focusing on your problems only energizes and strengthens them.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|It's hard to explain how this works, and I admit that it's fairly implausible or untenable as a way of life, but that seems to be how I go about my days: peaceably in person, fiercely on paper.
Karen Marie Moning, The Dark Highlander|It's taking all my self-control not to fuck you on the hood of this car, just to show you that you're mine, and if I want to buy you a fucking car, I'll buy you a fucking car" Christian Grey
Woody Allen|What is fascinating is that it is physical. You know, that's one thing about intellectuals, they've proved that you can be absolute brilliant and have no idea what's going on. But on the other hand, the body doesn't lie, as we now know. Nono, it'll be great, because all of those ph.Ds are in there, like, discussing modes of alienation, and we'll be in here quietly humping.
Tom Althouse|There is beauty all around us, and the light finds us when we realize, we are all part of that beauty and worth the cherishing. If we despise any, we journey to despise ourselves. See all as beautiful, even if they choose to see themselves through you, as being less than so. We have the power to see for each, and be the reflection of what they may yet see.
Samuel McChord Crothers|In the consciousness that another mind reflects your thought, you find the keenest satisfaction. Here is the high office of a friend, and in these high experiences is the point of attachment.-- 
Debasish Mridha|Learning to be complex is easy, but learning to be simple is most difficult.
sol michael|What is assertive in a man can appear abrasive in a woman, and female leaders risk appearing too feminine or not feminine enough.
Frédéric Perrin|If they follow the way of Money Chiefs, they shall die. Earth is sick and can no longer care for her children. Now, Earth’s children must care for Earth. Continue to pollute rivers and oceans – rivers and oceans shall drown you. Pollute sky – Sun Spirit shall burn you. Kill more trees – unclean air shall strangle you. Kill more Spirits – disease shall destroy you. Already, Money Chiefs’ skin burns. Their lungs choke on unclean air. Poisoned water spreads disease among them and all Spirits. Rising rivers and oceans shall sweep their homes and lives away. Money Chiefs think money heals broken lives. Unchanged, in the end, Money Chiefs’ money shall cost them their lives. -Frederic Perrin Rella Two Trees―The Money Chiefs
Brodi Ashton, Evertrue|Faith?” The word popped out before I could think about it. “Faith in what? A higher power? The gods? The universe?” My voice cracked at the end, and I realized what this whole thing had done to my faith, if I’d had any to begin with. I realized that the thought of a higher being in charge of all this made me angry.
Poppy Delevingne|Before training, I eat slow-release energy food, such as porridge or muesli, especially in the morning. Afterwards, I eat protein so my muscles are able to recover, such as a protein bar followed by a meal of chicken and vegetables. I always stay hydrated during workouts by drinking plenty of water throughout.
Paul Davies|I believe that religion should be totally separated from the state. That's not the way it is today, not even in Sweden.
James Henry Breasted, The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus, Vol 1: Hieroglyphic Transliteration, Translation and Commentary|Speechlessness, however, affirmed in the diagnosis, is carefully based on the facts of the examination, as we see by rendering the statements concerned, just as they stand in examination and diagnosis: "If thou examinest a man having a wound in the temple, ...; if thou ask of him concerning his malady and he speak not to thee; ...; thou shouldst say concerning him, 'One having a wound in his temple, ... (and) he is speechless'.
Albert Camus|In our wildest aberrations we dream of an equilibrium we have left behind and which we naively expect to find at the end of our errors. Childish presumption which justifies the fact that child-nations, inheriting our follies, are now directing our history.
George W. Bush|I do not trust those who make the vaccines, or the apparatus behind it all to push it on us through fear.
Margot Benary-Isbert|Prayer of an Anonymous Abbess:Lord, thou knowest better than myself that I am growing older and will soon be old. Keep me from becoming too talkative, and especially from the unfortunate habit of thinking that I must say something on every subject and at every opportunity.Release me from the idea that I must straighten out other peoples' affairs. With my immense treasure of experience and wisdom, it seems a pity not to let everybody partake of it. But thou knowest, Lord, that in the end I will need a few friends.Keep me from the recital of endless details; give me wings to get to the point.Grant me the patience to listen to the complaints of others; help me to endure them with charity. But seal my lips on my own aches and pains -- they increase with the increasing years and my inclination to recount them is also increasing.I will not ask thee for improved memory, only for a little more humility and less self-assurance when my own memory doesn't agree with that of others. Teach me the glorious lesson that occasionally I may be wrong.Keep me reasonably gentle. I do not have the ambition to become a saint -- it is so hard to live with some of them -- but a harsh old person is one of the devil's masterpieces.Make me sympathetic without being sentimental, helpful but not bossy. Let me discover merits where I had not expected them, and talents in people whom I had not thought to possess any. And, Lord, give me the grace to tell them so.Amen
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[W]hen death comes to a man, the mortal part of him dies, but the immortal part retires at the approach of death and escapes unharmed and indestructible... [I]t is as certain as anything can be... that soul is immortal and imperishable, and that our souls will really exist in the next world.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Choosing with integrity means finding ways to speak up that honor your reality, the reality of others, and your willingness to meet in the center of that large field. It’s hard sometimes.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|Yes: I exist inside my body.I’m not carrying the sun and the moon in my pocket.I don’t want to conquer worlds because I slept badly,And I don’t want to eat the world for breakfast because I have a stomach.Indifferent?No: a son of the earth, who, if he jumps, it’s wrong,A moment in the air that’s not for us,And only happy when his feet hit the ground again,Pow! In reality where nothing’s missing!(6/20/1919)
Oliver Sacks, The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat and Other Clinical Tales|Our tests, our approaches...are ridiculously inadequate. They only show us deficits, they do not show us powers; they only show us puzzles and schemata, when we need to see music, narrative, play, a being conducting itself spontaneously in its own natural way.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|I can't tell you why God made you the way you are any more than I can tell you why he's planted a carcinoma in my stomach to make me die painfully while other men die peacefully in their sleep. The cogs of creation seem to slip all the time. Babies are born with two heads, mothers of families run crazy with carving knives, men die in plague, famine and thunderstorms. Why? Only God knows.
Theo James|My friendships and relationships in the conservative world are not predicated on political correctness and enforced conformity of thought. They are based, instead, on mutual respect, honesty and understanding - concepts many modern liberals should consider revisiting.
Suzanne Joinson|And what I learned is this: there are places in the world war one feels new, young, and alive again.
Auliq Ice|Dear Gods of Heaven and Earth.The universe has began, without a beginning. Even if it's divided into Heaven, Earth, and Man, the essence is the same. Although Heaven, Earth, and Man are different in form, they have the same nature. Although Heaven is full of spirits, because there is no box to contain it, fom heaven came Man. When the three absolutes move in harmony, energy is created, covering all the material and the spirit for the Man. All the use of all creation may change, the basic mind is originally the bright light. Shine on Man with respect for it, Man is the best of the universe.
Kevin Smokler, Bookmark Now: Writing in Unreaderly Times: A Collection of All Original Essays from Today's (and Tomorrow's) Young Authors on the State of the Art --and the Art of the Hustle--in the Age of Information Overload|We lusty bibliophiles know that reading, unlike just about anything else, is both good for you and loads of fun.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It is a pity that dead men are still impacting the world while men who are still alive are wasting away, roaming the world without an understanding of what to do with their time.
Shari L. Tapscott, Moss Forest Orchid|Tell me, what's the difference between tracking a wild beast and securing a husband?
Victoria Kahler, Their Friend Scarlet|She felt just like that girl in that book with the letter A on her chest. Only her A signified Alone. She was an outcast, cast out by her own choices, an outsider with a pretty face. Like a rose, she may have been beautiful to look at, but almost everyone only knew the thorny side.
Buddha Gautama|Beginners will first meditate upon equanimity. Once that is established, they will then meditate upon the remaining three [immeasurable qualities of love, compassion, and joy]....First, toward all those who are relatives, attachment is to be abandoned as though they were neutral. Then abandon aversion for enemies as though they were neutral and remain without partiality. In order to be free from delusion even toward the neutral, have the intention to dispel the passions of beings all at once. Meditate like this without cli
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|Destiny is the established end of someone while vision remarks the photos of that predestined end, though not yet fulfilled. The insight of an unexperienced destiny can be discovered. That is through visions.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice|Nothing is stranger or more ticklish than a relationship between people who know each other only by sight, who meet and observe each other daily - no hourly - and are nevertheless compelled to keep up the pose of an indifferent stranger, neither greeting nor addressing each other, whether out of etiquette or their own whim.
Jessica Verday, Of Monsters and Madness|I wake up.Immediately I have to figure out who I am. It’s not just the body—opening my eyes and discovering whether the skin on my arm is light or dark, whether my hair is long or short, whether I’m fat or thin, boy or girl, scarred or smooth. The body is the easiest thing to adjust to, if you’re used to waking up in a new one each morning. It’s the life, the context of the body, that can be hard to grasp.Every day I am someone else. I am myself—I know I am myself—but I am also someone else.It has always been like this.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If you don't want a man to lie,don't force him to reply.
Stephen Hawking|So long as the universe had a beginning, we could suppose it had a creator. But if the universe is really completely self-contained, having no boundary or edge, it would have neither beginning nor end: it would simply be. What place, then, for a creator?
V.S. Kemanis, Homicide Chart|The reality and what it meant was slowly dawning: the betrayal, deception, and omission. Clandestine meetings. Evasion under questioning. In hindsight, Dana and Evan picked out the clues they’d missed, reevaluated the moments they’d been led astray, and tiptoed over possible theories as to how they’d been duped.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Now of course in hindsight, such a wonderful thing, though never around when you actually need it, I know that I always loved her deeply.
Edmund Hillary|On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, we gain no scientific explanation.
Toni Sorenson|Every woman is born with her own sense of style and idea of beauty. To stifle that is a sin as great as snuffing out a blossoming bud, a one-of-a-kind flower will never bloom again.
Sydney J. Harris|P15 - Our advanced technological society is rapidly making objects of us and subtly programming us into conformity to the logic of its system to the degree that this happens, we are also becoming submerged in a new "Culture of Silence".
Julie Burchill|My parents are very competitive, so we are very competitive as kids. But it's a good kind of competition; it's not a jealousy. You always want to do your best, and if it can't be you, you want it to be your brother or your sister, you know what I mean?
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|Love is like fire.Leave it alone and you will be okay,play with it and you get burnt
Barbara Brooke, Glimmers|Drama entered my home last week, but I ushered it to the door and tossed it to the curb.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|Being a woman is worse than being a farmer there is so much harvesting and crop spraying to be done: legs to be waxed, underarms shaved, eyebrows plucked, feet pumiced, skin exfoliated and moisturised, spots cleansed, roots dyed, eyelashes tinted, nails filed, cellulite massaged, stomach muscles exercised.The whole performance is so highly tuned you only need to neglect it for a few days for the whole thing to go to seed. Sometimes I wonder what I would be like if left to revert to nature — with a full beard and handlebar moustache on each shin Dennis Healey eyebrows face a graveyard of dead skin cells spots erupting long curly fingernails like Struwelpeter blind as bat and stupid runt of species as no contact lenses flabby body flobbering around. Ugh ugh. Is it any wonder girls have no confidence?
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun|Bertrand Russell declared that, in case he met God, he would say to Him, "Sir, you did not give us enough information." I would add to that, "All the same, Sir, I'm not persuaded that we did the best we could with the information we had. Toward the end there, anyway, we had tons of information.
bell hooks|Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space.
Malcolm Mclaren|Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|All forms of madness, bizarre habits, awkwardness in society, general clumsiness, are justified in the person who creates good art.
Mary Norris|It is noteworthy, the researcher further argued, that the inscription on the sword was engraved in the Romanian language, and, consequently, we see that Latin was actually Romanian, and not the invented language that for many centuries has passed for ancient Latin.
Chris Carter|We learn differently as children than as adults. For grown-ups, learning a new skill is painful, attention-demanding, and slow. Children learn unconsciously and effortlessly.
Jonathan Raban|Right from my childhood, I have believed in a Supreme Power. I don't know whether it has form, or it is formless. I am a high school dropout. How come life has given me so much? It's not my intelligence, it's not my abilities. This understanding makes me scared even in success. I don't own my success. Neither do I own my failure.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|These days, however, I am much calmer - since I realised that it’s technically impossible for a woman to argue against feminism. Without feminism, you wouldn’t be allowed to have a debate on women’s place in society. You’d be too busy giving birth on the kitchen floor - biting down on a wooden spoon, so as not to disturb the men’s card game - before going back to quick-liming the dunny. This is why those female columnists in the Daily Mail - giving daily wail against feminism - amuse me. They paid you £1,600 for that, dear, I think. And I bet it’s going in your bank account, and not your husband’s. The more women argue loudly, against feminism, the more they both prove it exists and that they enjoy its hard-won privileges.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the City of Angels|I opened the door of my mother's stand-alone wardrobe and let the smell of her wash over me. I loved having this one unspoiled part of her left just for me. I leaned forward, slipped my face in between the hanging silks and chiffons. Her scent was warm and possessive. If my idea of home had a smell, this would be it.Home. Mother. Oh God, please. My face crumpled, and my knees gave out. I pitched forward into her hanging clothes, grabbing at her blouses and dresses, smelling of gardenias and dusk. I fell to the closet floor, pulling some with me. I toppled amongst her shoes; stinging eyes squeezed shut, mouth frozen open in a silent "O." They were out there somewhere, their lifeless bodies, still and cold, and they would never be coming home again. I curled my legs inside the wardrobe and pulled the door closed, shutting myself away with her memory.
Barry Hannah, Hey Jack!|My mother was informing me, by mail, that she was about to die, and would never see me again.
Eileen Anglin|I write, heal, paint and coach with the Archangels to create global change, one heart at a time.
Dada Bhagwan|Only this much needs to be known: If you separate ‘I’ and ‘my’, you will have known all the scriptures! Then the whole universe will be known to you!
Suzanna J. Linton, Willows of Fate|Samantha turns toward us as we enter and her mouth drops open. “You.” Pure joy floods her face like sunlight falling through storm clouds, and she runs up to me, laying hands on either side of my face as she gazes deeply into my eyes. “There you are.
Howard Aiken|In almost every technology area that we're ahead in, we're ahead in because the United States leads the world in computers.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|If you've had the time to think about it, then you have time to pursue it.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think of a Blue Ball|i felt like i was wanting you more than ever..I want to fall asleep with the pure sound of your heart beat, wrapped around your warm arms, feeling your skin against mine and wake up with the sound of your sweet voice and a beautiful smile on a saturday morning.I want to kiss you from head to toe and drown in your carefree laughI want the entirety of you and love you endlessly.....when i wake up this morning and pondered of my wantsit break my heart to realise that my simple wants are nowhere near achievable....
Morris R. Gates|And while she was fire,So fierce and so wild,I could only hope to be for her;The forests and the winds to carry her flame.
Jack London|However, he was happy. He felt he was conquering nature. He laughed aloud. He felt he was stronger than the elements. In this type of weather animals hid in their holes and did not come out. He was out, fighting the elements. He was a man, master of the world.
Marlee Matlin|Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.
Gregory David Roberts|If fate doesn't make you laugh, you just don't get the joke.
Ban Ki-moon|Population, when unchecked, goes on doubling itself every 25 years or increases in a geometrical ratio.
Soshail Akash|Is your Life all Messed Up? Wana Make It better? Give it to the one who gave it to you, It'll all Get Better.
John Michael Greer, Paths of Wisdom: Cabala in the Golden Dawn Tradition|There is a wicked and pervading arrogance loose on the earth, like a rabid beast, an overdog. Does it run, does it slouch, does its name have a number? The beast preaches contempt, for that's what arrogance says: that nothing is real but itself, and the bone and blood of another's being are insubstantial as breath.
Geraldine Brooks, March|Jimmy: One day, when I'm no longer spending my days running a sweet-stall, I may write a book about us all. It's all here. (slapping his forehead) Written in flames a mile high. And it won't be recollected in tranquillity either, picking daffodils with Auntie Wordsworth. It'll be recollected in fire, and blood. My blood.
Tupelo Hassman, Girlchild|Which statements are true according to the passage?A) Science, governments, and your doctor should be trusted.B) 'Comforting her deep into the night' is a euphemism for sneaking candy.C) The ugliest phrase used in this passage is 'female.'D) Bad things really do come in threes.
Hubert Martin|And they danced with laughter and tears. They swung each other round and round, the first and last time in years.
Kiana Tom|Whenever you argue with another wiser than yourself in order that others may admire your wisdom, they will discover your ignorance.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|I thought the doctor's diagnosis was the first step to mending her. I know now that a diagnosis is taken in like an orphaned dog. We brought it home, unsure how to care for it, to live with it. It raised its hackles, snarled, hid in the farthest corner of the room; but it was ours, her diagnosis. The diagnosis was timid and confused, and genetically wired to strike out.
Nancy Isenberg, White Trash: The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America|For most Americans of the eighteenth century, it was assumed impossible for a servant to shed his lowly origins; the meaner sort, as one newspaper insisted, could never “wash out the stain of servility.” There were fears that the meaner sort were treading too close on the heels of those above them.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to find a reason to be kind, just be kind, compassionate, and make a difference.
Radhe Maa|Plough your fields, cast your seeds, the rains will come when they please.
Darren Shan, Wolf Island|If mankind's destined to bite the bullet, let's bite it and be damned.
Lois-Ann Yamanaka|I sit on the bed. I remember a golden bracelet, thin gold, an apple with a bite taken out of it for the clasp, and the words "I Love You," and I take it out from the box of treasures under the bed. I remember Mama said, "I mean it. Though we never say it in this family," as she put the bracelet around my wrist last Christmas. And I still believe her, what she said about love. We just never say it in this family.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|He gritted his teeth at the newest rumble, knowing what was happening, and looked back at Victoria. "I'll never say this again, but... wrap your arms around Gabriel, keep him close.
John Cusack|But no, I don't really like romantic comedies, so I don't really care. I never go see 'em.
Ferdinand Magellan|The best adventures tend to start unexpectedly, and end unexpectedly too.
Garrett Robinson|Reality is what we tell to go screw itself every time we write or read a book, shoot or watch a movie.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The remarkable thing about the world of insects, however, is precisely that there is no veil cast over these horrors. These are mysteries performed in broad daylight before our very eyes; we can see every detail, and yet they are still mysteries. If, as Heraclitus suggests, god, like an oracle, neither “declares nor hides, but sets forth by signs,” then clearly I had better be scrying the signs. The earth devotes an overwhelming proportion of its energy to these buzzings and leaps in the grass. Theirs is the biggest wedge of the pie: Why? I ought to keep a giant water bug in an aquarium on my dresser, so I can think about it.
Anita Diamant|In the moment before I crossed over, I knew that the priests and magicians of Egypt were fools and charlatans for promising to prolong the beauties of life beyond the world we are give. Death is no enemy, but the foundation of gratitude, sympathy, and art. All of life's pleasures, only love owes no debt to death.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|Anne walked home very slowly in the moonlight. The evening had changed something for her. Life held a different meaning, a deeper purpose. On the surface it would go on just the same; but the deeps had been stirred. It must not be the same with her as with poor butterfly Ruby. When she came to the end of one life it must not be to face the next with the shrinking terror of something wholly different--something for which accustomed thought and ideal and aspiration had unfitted her. The little things of life, sweet and excellent in their place, must not be the things lived for; the highest must be sought and followed; the life of heaven must begin here on earth. That goodnight in the garden was for all time. Anne never saw Ruby in life again.
Ellen Klages, Uncanny Magazine Issue 3: March/April 2015|This is the thing about fairy tales: You have to live through them, before you get to happily ever after. That ever after has to be earned, and not everyone makes it that far.
Debasish Mridha|If you conform, you miss all of the adventures and stand against the progress of society.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Easy does it, boys. I just need help standing, not flying.
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|no concept of danger, reality, flow or compassion. you can feel the despair escaping from their machines, their lives as hopeless and as numbed as yours.
Sylvester Stallone|Forget it, Jake -- it's Chinatown.
Nancy Gibbs|If I get to be president, what can I do anyway? With Congress and the press, what chance do I have to make basic changes?
William Graham Sumner|The filmmaking process is a very personal one to me, I mean it really is a personal kind of communication. It's not as though its a study of fear or any of that stuff.
Judith Briles, Snappy Sassy Salty: Wise Words for Authors and Writers|The only thing in life that's really interesting is the contest. We are all contestants--whether we admit it or not. If I read 20 pages of a book and they're no good, I put it down. Maybe it's good after 100 pages, but I can't wait. The author lost.
Jalina Mhyana, Spikeseed|There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Wilhelm Reich, Where's The Truth|Wilhelm Reich identified "armor" as the sum total of typical character attitudes, which an individual develops as a blocking against his emotional excitations, resulting in rigidity of the body, lack of emotional contact, "deadness". Functionally identical to muscular armor (chronic muscular spasms)
Ryan Lilly|Creation pulls something from an abyss of nothing. Startups take the something & give it to those in the dark, at first, perhaps, for nothing.
Julie Barton, Dog Medicine|GreenHollyWood, I think that you asked me why I don't get out?- I'm kinda in hateful state, I hate to watch the fucking liars to lie in front of my face and backward to put the knife in my back. Why I stay home?- It's awesome place, I feel safe and out of the ignorance there is always somebody to harass for to get attention.
Anthony T. Hincks|I celebrate life with a different color each day.That way, each day is different.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|..we have become wealthy, and wealth is the prelude to art. In every country where centuries of physical effort have accumulated the means for luxury and leisure, culture has followed as naturally as vegetation grows in a rich and watered soil. To have become wealthy was the first necessity; a people too must live before it can philosophize. No doubt we have grown faster than nations usually have grown; and the disorder of our souls is due to the rapidity of our development. We are like youths disturbed and unbalanced, for a time, by the sudden growth and experiences of puberty. But soon our maturity will come; our minds will catch up with our bodies, our culture with our possessions. Perhaps there are greater souls than Shakespeare's, and greater minds than Plato's, waiting to be born. When we have learned to reverence liberty as well as wealth, we too shall have our Renaissance.
Willem Dafoe|The basis on which good repute in any highly organized industrial community ultimately rests is pecuniary strength; and the means of showing pecuniary strength, and so of gaining or retaining a good name, are leisure and a conspicuous consumption of goods.
Dennis Quaid|As a teen, I was both anorexic and bulimic.
Joe Abercrombie, Before They Are Hanged|I chose and my world was shaken, so what? The choice may have been mistaken, the choosing was not.
Jaeda DeWalt|It's tempting to tether ourselves to the familiar comfort of the way things are, but fulfillment is often discovered in the unpredictable and unknown. We can serve ourselves and our universe, best, when we can take the journey that takes us from the limited desire of our ego, to the ever-expanding love and wisdom, of our divine nature.
Tom Bissell, Apostle: Travels Among the Tombs of the Twelve|I could imagine a hot day. I could imagine a number of curious people spontaneously following a young man of great wisdom, a young man rumored to wield power over the mysterious afflictions they saw every day in their villages. They are not sure where they are going, and once the young man stops to speak, they find themselves on the other side of the Sea of Galilee, the nearest town now very far away. Many are feeling hunger pangs, uncertain of why they have come so far. What will they do? One of the young man's friends arrives, unexpectedly bearing food. The people are happy and relieved, and among them talk circulates of the surprising tenderness with which the wise young man hands out victuals to the people, few of whom he knows well.Eventually, the story is written down. Years go by, then decades, and in this time the crowd increases from fifty to five hundred to five thousand. The unexpected arrival of the follower bearing food vanishes from the telling. An event experienced by its participants in miraculous terms is transformed into a miraculous story. The core of the story remains the same: the hungry were fed when they were not expecting to be, and the young man who fed them do so of his own volition. You could base a code of ethics on a single act of unexpected munificence, and perhaps even fashion from it a crude if supple morality, but you would not have a cosmology, or anything close to one, and cosmologies were what most people craved.
Sunday Adelaja|There is mighty force, energy, ability inside of us that has not yet been noticed by the world
Leo Tolstoy, A Confession|It was long before I could believe that human learning had no clear answer to this question. For a long time it seemed to me, as I listened to the gravity and seriousness wherewith Science affirmed its positions on matters unconnected with the problem of life, that I must have misunderstood something. For a long time I was timid in the presence in learning, and I fancied that the insufficiency of the answers which I received was not its fault, but was owing to my own gross ignorance, but this thing was not a joke or a pastime with me, but the business of my life, and I was at last forced, willy-nilly, to the conclusion that these questions of mine were the only legitimate questions underlying all knowledge, and that it was not I that was in fault in putting them, but science in pretending to have an answer for them.
Diana Gabaldon|Since Hiroshima and the Holocaust, science no longer holds its pristine place as the highest moral authority. Instead, that role is taken by human rights. It follows that any assault on Jewish life - on Jews or Judaism or the Jewish state - must be cast in the language of human rights.
William Carlos Williams, Paterson|Every woman deserves a Man who not only responds to her words, but to her silence as well!
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|And, in fine, of false sciences I thought I knew the worth sufficiently to escape being deceived by the professions of an alchemist, the predictions of an astrologer, the impostures of a magician, or by the artifices and boasting of any of those who profess to know things of which they are ignorant.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Elegance; it lacks the intellect -he is not a dancer who dances to the beat of love - on the other hand, the heart, can not solve mathematical problems.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|People beleived that the most devastating part of a war are the corpses with their guts out in the open, the puddles of blood, and all that you can capture at first glance. But sometimes the horror is off to the side, in the lost look on the face of a woman who's just been raped, as she limps away alone within the ruins, trying to keep her head down. Gerda and Capa were not aware of this yet. They were too young. And that was their first conflict. They still believed war had its romantic side.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I was stressed and scared and I had to hurry to be someone, become something, do something. I was running and talking and cursed myself when I wasted my time on things that wouldn’t get me anywhere. It was work and it was money and I was never where I was, always somewhere else in my head far, far away.
Ben Bernanke|When I'm putting some communication out on Twitter or Facebook or Instagram, I think that it's helping me, my brain, you know, because it's always somehow stimulated by people who are sending things to me. And it works both ways. It's great. My brain is very happy about it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you arrive at the destination, never forget where the journey began.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|She came awake, stomach rumbling, and opened her eyes to see a plate being held right under her nose. When she reached for it, Shane snatched it back. 'Nuh-uh. Mine.''Share!' she demanded.'Man, you are one grabby girlfriend.'She grinned. It always made her feel so fiercly warm inside to hear him say that- the girlfriend part, not the grabby part. 'If you love me, you'll give me a taco.''Seriously? That's all you got? What about you'll do sexy, illegal things to me for a taco?''Not for a taco,' she said. 'I'm not cheap.''They're brisket tacos.''Now you're talking.
Roland Barthes, Mourning Diary|Paradoxically (since people say: Work, amuse yourself, see friends) it’s when we’re busy, distracted, sought out, exteriorized, that we suffer most. Inwardness, calm, solitude makes us less miserable.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Perhaps her faults and follies, the unhappiness she had suffered, were not entirely vain if she could follow the path that now she dimly discerned before her, not the path that kind funny old Waddington had spoken of that led nowhither, but the path those dear nuns at the convent followed so humbly, the path that led to peace.
Michael Salter, Organised Sexual Abuse|I'd never felt so helpless - so hopeless - in my life as I did there. To be completely under someone's power, with no one to turn to for help, to make someone feel like they're at fault for you hurting them . . . I realized that was exactly what I'd done to Carly. That hangs over me every day.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|For so long I'd thought about myself as a girl who'd walked away from her mother's life that it would be a long time before I would start to think about the other part of the bargain, how easily she'd let me go.
Maia Duerr, Work That Matters: Create a Livelihood That Reflects Your Core Intention|...Think of it as 'Right Livelihood 2.0'... In addition to not causing harm to yourself or another, this is livelihood that is an expression of your Core Intention, work that you can fall in love with and that no longer feels like “work”: work that matters.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|fuckshe pulled her dress offover her headand I saw the pantiesindented somewhat into thecrotch.it's only human.now we've got to do it.I've got to do itafter all that bluff.it's like a party--two trappedidiots.under the sheetsafter I have snappedoff the lighther panties are stillon. she expects anopening performance.I can't blame her. butwonder why she's here withme? where are the otherguys? how can you belucky? having someone theothers have abandoned?we didn't have to do ityet we had to do it.it was something likeestablishing new credibilitywith the income taxman. I get the pantiesoff. I decide not to tongue her. even thenI'm thinking aboutafter it's over.we'll sleep togethertonighttrying to fit ourselvesinside the wallpaper.I try, fail,notice the hair on herheadmostly notice the hairon herheadand a glimpse ofnostrilspiglikeI try it again.
Octavia Spencer|I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Fantasy Lover|He sleeps with you?""Robert?"Stacey rolled her eyes at 
Casey Wyatt, Mystic Ink|It was never a good idea to laugh at a God as powerful as Hades. Although, the sight of him with cream-colored paint smeared in his raven dark hair and smudged on his nose was comical. "Already went that route. Me bedroom ended up a nasty shade of chartreuse. Took me a whole week to do it again." Hades sniffed, rubbed his nose, and looked at the paint on his fingers. "Damn it. It's in my hair, too, isn't it?
Monika Basile, The Queen of Broken Things|Still, we're less betrayed by others, it seems, than by our own hopes and dreams.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It is not that you give birth to a child that matters most. Rather, it is what you birth into them.
Kahlil Gibran|Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Since knowledge is equal to money - it is wise not to use it all at once, but to apply the rules of economics and spread it respectively
Martha C. Nussbaum|To be a good human being is to have a kind of openness to the world, an ability to trust uncertain things beyond your own control, that can lead you to be shattered in very extreme circumstances for which you were not to blame. That says something very important about the condition of the ethical life: that it is based on a trust in the uncertain and on a willingness to be exposed; it’s based on being more like a plant than like a jewel, something rather fragile, but whose very particular beauty is inseparable from that fragility.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What, then, of the priest's iconic representation of Christ at the altar? If there is no specifically masculine or feminine charism or ontology, the significance of the priest's maleness fades away. What matters—as patristic Christology recognized centuries ago with its dictum, 'That which is not assumed [by the Son of God in the incarnation] is not healed'—is that Christ became human, assuming and thereby healing the nature common to men and women. Although biologically a man, Christ assumed human nature in such a way as to include both men and women in his salvific work. And that means, in turn, that to refuse to allow a woman to preside at the Eucharist may be to say much more than opponents of women's ordination realize—namely, 'that women are not adequate icons of Christ.' The result, notes [Sarah] Hinlicky Wilson near the end of her book, is nothing less than 'to leave both their humanity and their salvation in doubt.' If women can't reflect the human nature of Christ at the altar, how then can they trust Christ's human nature to save them at all?
Teju Cole, Known and Strange Things: Essays|Systems of racism and sexism and oppression are not systems we choose, but they are ones we inherit and are responsible for perpetuating, or not. When I hear so-and-so was "a product of his/her time" as an excuse for bigoted behavior, I remind folks that there have always been people in every time who did not agree with the bigoted systems they were born into and who actively fought them. The question is, which are we?
Chuck Palahniuk|In my better sense of mind, I know that I'm far from alone and far from the worst, and the earth keeps spinning. Everything keeps moving, with or without me.
Avina Celeste|I may be dying, but I am surrounded by loving, caring souls. How many people can say that?
Margaret Atwood, In Other Worlds: SF and the Human Imagination|Human tool-makers always make tools that will help us get what we want, and what we want hasn't changed for thousands of years because as far as we can tell the human template hasn't changed either. We still want the purse that will always be filled with gold, and the Fountain of Youth. We want the table that will cover itself with delicious food whenever we say the word, and that will be cleaned up afterwards by invisible servants. We want the Seven-League Boots so we can travel very quickly, and the Hat of Darkness so we can snoop on other people without being seen. We want the weapon that will never miss, and the castle that will keep us safe. We want excitement and adventure; we want routine and security. We want to have a large number of sexually attractive partners, and we also want those we love to love us in return, and be utterly faithful to us. We want cute, smart children who will treat us with the respect we deserve. We want to be surrounded by music, and by ravishing scents and attractive visual objects. We don't want to be too hot or too cold. We want to dance. We want to speak with the animals. We want to be envied. We want to be immortal. We want to be gods.But in addition, we want wisdom and justice. We want hope. We want to be good.
Nobuhiro Watsuki|No matter how much you hate or how much you suffer, you can't bring the dead back to life
Mark  Jackman, There's Something About Dying|The hamster-powered hat is the same as any other hat. It keeps your head warm and looks smart,' the inventor said. 'The hamster generates heat by running on the wheel. If you get a big enough hamster, it will keep your whole face warm.
Diana Peterfreund, For Darkness Shows the Stars|Yes, I have a romantic nature; it is a character flaw which should be viewed with pity, not derision.
Janet Evanovich, Explosive Eighteen|When Grandma Mazur is talking about the reason for the improved play of her 91-year-old bowling teammate, she said: "She's doing better now that we got her the longer tubing to her oxygen tank.
Stephen Greenblatt, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern|Human beings, Lucretius thought, must not drink in the poisonous belief that their souls are only part of the world temporarily and they are heading somewhere else. That belief will only spawn in them a destructive relation to the environment in which they live the only lives they have.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|I realize life is a beautiful mess. You can make it more beautiful by accepting the way it is. If you don’t accept, you’ll mess it up.
Katherine Marie Dyckman, Inviting the Mystic, Supporting the Prophet: An Introduction to Spiritual Direction|We cannot judge our prayer...by how we feel when we pray, but rather by how we are loving when we live.
Amar'e Stoudemire|In the '50s, a lot of girls never saw beyond the wedding day.
Henry Adams|Let me tell you, never before in the history of this planet has anybody made the progress that African-Americans have made in a 30-year period, in spite of many black folks and white folks lying to one another.
Claudio Ranieri|I would say 90 percent of the stuff we do is technical anyway. If you look at a two-hour training day, 12 minutes are probably spent running or gaining fitness.
Erma Bombeck|In Russia, as I sat there day after day wearing headphones, listening to the interpreter struggle to make our words relevant, I wondered if we could establish meaningful rapport with a nation that had never seen raisins dance in dark glasses on TV...never had a garage sale.
Alec Wilkinson, The Ice Balloon: S. A. Andrée and the Heroic Age of Arctic Exploration|Nothing comes unannounced, but many can miss the announcement. So it's very important to actually listen to your own intuition rather than driving through it.
Arlaina Tibensky, And Then Things Fall Apart|What is family anyway but people who are always supposed to be there for you? Family should be rock solid, the earth beneath your feet, wind beneath your wings, and all that.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When a shadow looks very beautiful, we forget to look at its owner!
Ellen J. Barrier|When we find her, I'm still going to fight for her.-Emil-
Barbara C. Doyle, Finding Redemption|So the peasants are used as targets in war?” I doubted. “Does the Overhead feel that is necessary to kill off one of their own? Peasants are being placed as diversions on the front line like they mean nothing—”	“Would you rather save the strong, or spare the weak?” Mother questioned me.	“Why can we not do both?” I returned.	“Because Heaven has its reasons, Anastasia,” Mother chimed quietly. “It is Heavens way to balance those who are strong and those who are weak. It cannot be changed.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|From warm meals, to daily exercise, to healthcare; one can't help but wonder how our society would be different if tended to the elderly as we do to our imprisoned.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Tomorrows|If I kiss you now, I won't be able to stop.
G.K. Dutta|In your search for love, be cautious. The miserable truth is that predators can be extraordinary fakers, and they are out there searching for their next victim. Look inside than the words they say to you. Try not to overlook warnings or any inclination you have that something is not exactly right.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|She will not plant the seed in their mind, that a parent is capable of abandoning her children, of saying to them You are not enough. For Pari, the children and Eric have always been enough. They always will be.
Lyubko Deresh, Спустошення|Справжнє порно- це зовсім не хоум-відео про пацанів і дівах, справжнє порно- це найновіші комп'ютерні гаджети, це слогани косметичних компаній і ресторанів швидкого харчування, це дорогі автомобілі й реклама сигарет, скандали й плітки, гласні розслідування проти олігархів і гучні антикорупційні справи - ось справжній хард-кор, що увінчується колективним буккаке з лайків і коментів у соцмережах. І справжнє порно в тому, що ті, в кого цього немає, копіпейстять про це, захлинаючись слиною.
Kate  Cullen|Take care when wandering about,in the wilds of the valley and heights of jagged rock.What a horrific garden of wonderland we have stumbled into; where a turn of one’s heel can lead to flowering jubilation, and another leads to the twisted and thorny thicket of despair....
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Don't be afraid to be who you are, no matter who that person might be.
Ed Rendell|To avoid congestion, I get up at 5:10, grab a slice of raisin toast, and leave the house at 6 A.M. My husband, Tim Dunn, who works for an environmental agency, is still asleep when I slip out, and I find that rather annoying.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism has arisen due to circumstances and circumstances have survived due to egoism. The one whose egoism is gone, for him circumstances are gone. Everything has come into existence because of wrong belief.
Ehsan Sehgal|The evil and negative thoughts are the time bomb. Whenever that reaches its time, it goes to explode, damaging others, and even yourself. Defuse that, with your best, and positive thoughts, before it explodes.
Chris Campanioni, In Conversation|Literature sustains life because it captures death in its forward march. Clickety-clickety-clack, the wheels go round and round ...
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|The landscape started hard, sharp black mountains over my shoulder and thirsty young saguaros hugging patchy dirt. Gradually it let go, began to green on me a little. I crossed a river, watched succulents get fatter and farmland start to wave, hoarding the blue above and the few clouds it had to spare.I knew the route somehow, knew the curves, the directions, the exact way to go. I knew it the way you know the stars are still up in the sky even though white sun obscures them. Everything that had happened before Lukeville and Sonoita began to liquify in memory, feeling more like fiction than personal history. Funerals and pain, girlfriends and mothers, roommates and priests all tumble away with the desert behind me. The only thing that's real is the road I see ahead. The only person in my life is the man sitting silently beside me. The place I'm going is the only place I've ever wanted to go.
Stephen R. Prothero, God Is Not One: The Eight Rival Religions That Run the World--and Why Their Differences Matter|Almost all religions provide opportunities for human beings to convince themselves of their own righteousness, to speak in the name of God, and even to go to war on God's behalf. This 'blasphemy of certainty' is also rife among secularists who in their case have not God but science or the proletariat on their side.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|The Second Amendment is timeless for our Founders grasped that self-defense is three-fold: every free individual must protect themselves against the evil will of the man, the mob and the state.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|History was a way to live extra lives, to cheat the limits of flesh and blood, to roll the rock back from the tomb and free the resurrected dead.
Joyce T. McFadden, Your Daughter's Bedroom: Insights for Raising Confident Women| 'Youth is the time for loving, so poets always say.
Amy Kuivalainen, Cry of the Firebird|The trail through the pines and beech trees was bright red. He was surprised the other human couldn’t see it. She was walking slowly, not far from him. He could smell the moisture on her hot skin. She hadn’t noticed his presence yet. She stopped in her tracks and he moved silently behind a cluster of moss-covered rocks. She turned and he saw her face.Oh no not her…he thought before turning and bolting back the way he came.
Marcus Annaeus Lucanus|Poverty fled, she who gives birth to virile men.
Marcus L. Lukusa|Love is like going fishing, you never know what size fish will be taken out of the water, but big or small you will be the one deciding to either kill it or keep it close to you under good care and nature it. But firstly you have to take the courage to go fishing.
Shannon Hale, The Unfairest of Them All|Briar stood, pushing up her sleeves. 'It's about to get all nonfiction in here'.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If those who know why and how neglect to act, those who do not know will act, and the world will continue to flounder.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre: Redemption|Time heals all wounds. Il tempo guarisce tutti i mali. It’s been said time and time again, but what they don’t talk about are the jagged scars left behind. What they don’t tell you is that sometimes, when ignored, the wounds fester
Ian Fleming, You Only Live Twice|He had seen how the spirit, the reserves in [Bond], could pull him out of badly damaged conditions that would have broken the normal human being. He knew how a desperate situation would bring out those reserves again, how the will to live would spring up again in a real emergency. He remembered how countless neurotic patients had disappeared for ever from his consulting rooms when the last war had broken out. The big worry had driven out the smaller ones, the greater fear the lesser. He made up his mind. He turned back to M. "Give him one more chance.
Lena Coakley, Worlds of Ink and Shadow|Now there were no more stories to tell, to soothe, to comfort, to draw strangers close together; to link like hearts and minds.
Zoey Ellis, Awakened By Power|He began to take off his shirt. "Undress," he ordered. "No." There was a fierceness in her eye, and a smile on her lips. "Make me.
Auliq-Ice|Our trials are our greatest teachers, mentors and benefactors.
John Fowles, The Magus|To write poetry and to commit suicide, apparently so contradictory, had really been the same, attempts at escape. And my feelings, at the end of that wretched term, were those of a man who knows he's in a cage, exposed to the jeers of all his old ambitions until he dies.
Lady Gaga|Love is like a brick. You can build a house, or you can sink a dead body.
Cecilia Ekbäck, Wolf Winter|Samuel Johnson placed this on his watch as a reminder near the end of his life; "The night cometh.
Zakariya Amataya, No Women in Poetry|Many are poets, but without the name;For what is Poesy but to createFrom overfeeling Good or Ill; and aimAt an external life beyond our fate,And be the new Prometheus of new men,Bestowing fire from Heaven, and then, too late,Finding the pleasure given repaid with pain
Delia Smith|Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul.
Atsuko Asano|Whoever lives wins. Don't feel guilty about having survived. If you have time to be feeling guilty, work on living a day longer, a minute longer. And once in a while, remember the ones that died before you. That's good enough."Vol 1 Chap 4
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Civil war... What did the words mean? Was there any such thing as 'foreign war'? Was not all warfare between men warfare between brothers? Wars could only be defined by their aims. There were no 'foreign' or 'civil' wars, only wars that were just or unjust. Until the great universal concord could be arrived at, warfare, at least when it was the battle between the urgent future and the dragging past, might be unavoidable. How could such a war be condemned? War is not shameful, nor the sword-thrust a stab in the back, except when it serves to kill right and progress, reason, civilization, and truth. When this is war's purpose it maeks no difference whether it is civil or foreign war - it is a crime. Outside the sacred cause for justice, what grounds has one kind of war for denigrating another? By what right does the sword of Washington despise the pike of Camille Desmoulins? Which is the greater - Leonidas fighting the foreign enemy or Timoleon slaying the tyrant who was his brother? One was a defender, the other a liberator. Are we to condemn every resort to arms that takes place within the citadel, without concerning ourselves with its aim? 
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Most job-hunters (and even a few resume writers)assume a resume’s purpose is to “sell you,” or secure you a job. No, no, no. Its only purpose is to get youan interview. Selling is what you do after you’re in the interview room. It’s your task, when you’re face to face, notthat piece of paper’s.
Beth Lyon Barnett, Jazz Town|I can't find who wrote this (it was't me)but I think it is great. Before I was your mother, I was a girl.
Winona LaDuke|The traditional family table is round. No corners. No sides. No head. No tail. Everything is smooth. The food is in the center, and each family member reaches over the same distance. Someone you love is next to you on each side, and no one is last or at the end. The person farthest away from you is also the person facing you.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|In suiting the action to the words, however, I perceived that the stars were all wrong.That was my undoing. I had looked up unthinkingly, anticipating the familiar, and, finding it gone, began to cry like a baby. Whereupon Peter stopped the gig and took me in his arms, kissing me so that my face was soon sore both from kissing and crying.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Because you believed I was capable of behaving decently, I did.
Matthew Thomas|He threw all his affection at them and hoped that some of it would stick, maybe even come back to him, though if it didn't he gave it anyway; he gave it more, even, because everyone had something that needed to come out.
Paul Hollywood|The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet.
Rosa Luxemburg|The important thing is that we recognize our President's leadership, that he is not saying: I am going to walk away from this. He is saying: I am going to do the right thing.
Matt Haig|I don't know that he said a thing. He smelled strange, I noticed that right away, not rotten like you and Roticella said, more complicated, like an apple that the wasps are flying around, musty, but autumny... I can't explain. But he hissed, and those awful red eyes, like red fire, coals. God, they were anything but dead the way they are in his picture. I could see the iris was dark brown, almost black, and the whites were bloodshot lines... The lashes were thick and Harry I just can't say this right, but the eyes, they weren't repulsive. Evil, evil, but not to turn you away. I... I couldn't stop looking at him. It was like some sort of spider sucking out all my juices. Destroying me right there on the sidewalk.'And I felt I was going to faint, and I tried, I tried to break out of that stare of his, but I couldn't. He was drawing everything out of me - my job, that you were trying to trap him, even things about me, even personal things. Then... then he was gone.'I was conscious of myself again, it was like I had been left hollow, worthless. I mean something of me went with him and the rest of me wanted to go with him. I'm ashamed, Harry, so ashamed...' She sobbed for a moment, then with difficulty regained her control.
Jacqueline Ripstein|If wishes were grains of sand, the world would be a desert.
J.D. Vance, Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis|Now, ten or more years later, far away from her home or even any thought of having a home, she again touched the feeling from that long ago day, being alone but not lonely, of being solitary yet sufficient.
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|You know, it's never wise to tempt the devil"His gaze lowered to her hand, still locked in his grip, her finger glistening with pear juice.His rich voice lowered to raw huskiness "had I not this mask, I should be of a mind to suck that juice right off your fingers
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|My desire in life, is to learn what I have to teach; to suck all the marrow of life, and pass it onto others.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|He meticulously tries to get every hair in place. He tilts his head to look at himself from different angles, like there's some magic perspective in the mirror that could change the dimensions of his face'-Olivia/Via thinking
Joanne Crisner Alcayaga, Amazed: A Girl’s Infinite Pursuit to Grasp the Essence of Humanity in Writing|Help each and every person who is in need, because you don't know at which moment you are in need!
A.P. Thornton, The Imperial Idea and its Enemies: A Study on British Power|The Pledge of Allegiance to the flag was the origin of the Nazi salute and Nazi behavior; and the swastika, although an ancient symbol, was also used to represent crossed 'S' letters for 'socialism' under the National Socialist German Workers Party.
Jostein Gaarder|In the months after the relationship ends, a person can seem to grow at a lightning rate, like in a nature documentary where weeks of footage is run at high speed to show a plant unfurling in seconds, but in reality the person has been growing all along, under the surface, and it is only in their new freedom, in their hair-raising aloneness, that the person can allow for these underground things to break through and unfurl themselves in the light.
حجة الإسلام أبي حامد محمد الغزالي|Men have such a good opinion of themselves, of their mental superiority and intellectual depth; they believe themselves so skilled in discerning the true from the false, the path of safety from those of error, that they should be forbidden as much as possible the perusal of philosophic writings.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|Physicians do not systematically prescribe placebos to their patients. Hence they have no way of comparing the effects of the drugs they prescribe to placebos. When they prescribe a treatment and it works, their natural tendency is to attribute the cure to the treatment. But there are thousands of treatments that have worked in clinical practice throughout history. Powdered stone worked. So did lizard's blood, and crocodile dung, and pig's teeth and dolphin's genitalia and frog's sperm. Patients have been given just about every ingestible - though often indigestible - substance imaginable. They have been 'purged, puked, poisoned, sweated, and shocked', and if these treatments did not kill them, they may have made them better.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|It came, over and over, down to this: What made someone a mother? Was it biology alone, or was it love?
A.G. Roemmers|Really, there's only one way of changing the world, and that's by changing yourself.
Anthony  Ryan, Tower Lord|Nobility is a lie. A pretence that high standing comes from anything more than money or martial prowess. Any dolt can play the noble, and as you'll discover in time, daughter, it's mostly dolts who do.
Jim Rohn|Choose to focus your time, energy and conversation around people who inspire you, support you and help you to grow you into your happiest, strongest, wisest self.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Caution not spirit, let it roam wild; for in that natural state dance embraces divine frequency.
August Kubizek, The Young Hitler I Knew|In this day and age, there is a special mandate for every one of us to be in-charge of our lives by sitting at the driver's seat of our lives. Rule your world!
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|I was remarkably calm. Calm and fatigued. There would be no violence. It was like a storm coming up. The café chairs are carried inside, the awnings are rolled up, but nothing happens. The storm passes over. And, at the same time, that’s too bad. After all, we would all rather see the roofs ripped from the houses, the trees uprooted and tossed through the air.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Everyone leaves behind a legacy of some kind, but those who approach living with a ‘No Excuses’ mindset leave a legacy of value.
Ana Ortega|There are those of us who nature is awakening to the secrets of the universe; apart from religious dogma or occult dabbling. It is Natural Law. It is awakening the minds and quickening the senses of those whom it's calling its descendants. Nature is fighting for its rightful place, which can never be fully usurped. Those who are most open to this knowledge are artists (poets, musicians, writers) who also happen to be free thinkers or "outsiders" to the system. We hear a voice that is calling us to waken to the secrets of the universe. Perhaps in some distant future, humanity will read of us; the ones who paved the way for this Pali or New Romanticism called the awakening unto Nature's Law. It won't be technology or software that paves the way, but nature. It won't allow itself to be destroyed, maybe uninhabitable for a time for humans, but never destroyed. There are those of us, the chosen few who are following the narrow path. We will be the future thinkers and writers who generations will read about that truly changed the world, and made a way where there seemingly was none.
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|Mother can beat me all she wants, but I haven’t let her take away my will to somehow survive.
George Pólya, How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method|Now that I think of it, she looked splendid. I wish I had met her somewhere else. I wish I had appreciated her as she deserved. I wish that everything had gone differently.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|How many ghosts might return to the promenade, haunted by the echoes of those promises, perhaps eager to catch a glimpse of what could have been? Would they laugh at the survivors shuffling about in this briny detritus? Or would they cry?"Reid, A. J. (2012-11-08). A Smaller Hell (Kindle Locations 885-886). . Kindle Edition.
Elizabeth  George, A Suitable Vengeance|She thought about how it was so simple with animals. They gave their hearts without question or fear. They had no expectations. They were so easy to love. If people could only be like that, no one would ever be hurt, she thought. No one would ever need to learn how to forgive.
Paul Van Der Merwe|Money makes the world go round; however, happiness greases the axle. Without this lubricant, life will seize.
Angela Duckworth, Grit|A vivid - if somewhat melodramatic - firsthand description of what deliberate practice can feel like comes from dancer Martha Graham: 'Dancing appears glamorous, easy, delightful. But the path to the paradise of that achievement is not easier than any other. There is fatigue so great that the body cries even in its sleep. There are times of complete frustration. There are daily small deaths.
Avijeet Das|Your gracefulness and feminine charms always so tender, you make my heart smile and wonder!
Mimi Ikonn|When you establish peace, when you etablish love, when you establish kindness here [inside], you cannot act any other way to the outside world.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|One must shed the bad taste of wanting to agree with many. "Good" is no longer good when one's neighbor mouths it. And how should there be a "common good"! The term contradicts itself: whatever can be common always has little value. In the end it must be as it is and always has been: great things remain for the great, abysses for the profound, nuances and shudders for the refined, and, in brief, all that is rare for the rare.
Louis Tomlinson|I'm into all that sappy stuff - a surprise picnic, nice dinner, or traveling. I'm kind of an old romantic.
Knud Rasmussen|The greatest peril of life lies in the fact that human food consists entirely of souls. All the creatures that we to kill and eat, all those that we have to strike down and destroy to make clothes for ourselves, have souls, souls that do not perish with the body and which must therefore be pacified lest they revenge themselves on us for taking away their bodies
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I must look at the 'nature' of God, not the 'nature' of the challenge. For the former means everything and the latter means nothing.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|How can one deceive these dear little birds, when they look at one so sweetly and confidingly? I call them birds because there is nothing in the world better than birds!
Edmund Burke, Reflections on the Revolution in France|If a criminal was once a saint & a saint was once a criminal, then who is the criminal & who is the saint?
James Hollis, Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men|When men feel the wound that cannot heal, they either bury themselves in woman's arms and ask her for healing, which she cannot provide, or they hide themselves in macho pride and enforced loneliness.
Debasish Mridha|Commit to excellence, whatever you do. It will bring joy, happiness, and success for you.
Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|The East has failed because it tried meditation without love. The West has failed because it tried love without meditation. My whole effort is to give you a synthesis, the whole—which means meditation plus love.
John G. Diefenbaker|One should be known for a kind heart,because you are not just a so and so person,you are an identity who is part of the almighty god,who above all likes kindness,because he is the bestower of all desired attributes,but is benevolently looking for kindness from his creations
Jennifer Chiaverini|Blunders, no, only friendship binds us to honesty - attracting crypts of mushrooms in the wake of our snowboards.
Martin Windrow, The Last Valley: Dien Bien Phu and the French Defeat in Vietnam|Unlike the huge majority of the current generation in the West, the men on both sides at Dien Bien Phu did not live at a time or in places where they enjoyed the luxury of disregarding [that war is what human beings do]; and we, who are lifelong civilians, have not earned the right to sit in judgement over them.
黃玉華, Three Cups of Tea: One Man's Mission to Promote Peace ... One School at a Time|God, she was beautiful. Hair a tangled mess, clothes torn, lips pale and swollen, skin streaked in dirt. And she was so damn beautiful and flawed and perfect.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He picked up the paper and read the article; it was just one of many he had read lately that portrayed the poor in an awful light. The badge had now become the symbol of the unemployed, the sick, the disabled, and the most vulnerable. Badger had noticed that the media, just like that newspaper, swirled around anybody who they deemed too lazy or too stupid to work, and it seemed, people believed what they read.
Linda Howard, Drop Dead Gorgeous|Is it time for your period, or somet
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|a gang of unpredictable ruffians by day who turned to enthralling storytellers after dark. "I would sometimes join them, and listen for a great part of the night to some of the finest fairy tales and most romantic legends it has ever been my fortune to hear.
Richard Mitchell, Less Than Words Can Say|His prose, like the thinking it reveals, is full of cloudy suggestions of something beyond the range of mere cognition. He has been given power, if not over the entities and dyads, certainly over the ignorant and superstitious.
Francine Prose, Reading Like a Writer: A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them|I’ve always found that the better the book I’m reading, the smarter I feel, or, at least, the more able I am to imagine that I might, someday, become smarter.
Taylor Swift|Because of his military service, Dad was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|The heavens are too immense, too beautiful and varied, to fit into the mind of any one deity; the murmured creeds of fathers and sons are no match for the astronomer’s gasp.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Jesus Christ, from Nazareth was a glorious man in human history – a man filled with love, compassion and purity of conscience.
Adrian Tomine|I can teach many sports, but obviously, tennis is the one. When you do other sports, you see things from different perspectives: different footwork drills, body positions, angles and geometry. All that stuff is helpful, and so when I do other sports, I can see things, because once you know one sport, then the other sport becomes more clear.
Robert Louis Stevenson|As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Meghan Daum|After I went to college, I realized that no matter how much I loved sports, I was ready to have fun, and that was right when I started to sing.
Groucho Marx|Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Storytelling--that's not the future. The future, I'm afraid, is flashes and impulses. It's mode up of moments and fragments, and stories won't survive.
Jason Aites, Failure Is Not An Option: The Best Guide To Turn Your Failure Into A Real Sucess|If you Don't where you going, look back and see where you have come from
John  Mole, It's All Greek to Me!: A Tale of a Mad Dog and an Englishman, Ruins, Retsina--and Real Greeks|The audible signals people can produce are not a series of crisp beeps like on a touch-tone phone. Speech is a river of breath, bent into hisses and hums by the soft flesh of the mouth and throat.
Simon Mainwaring|I had creative control over my character, which means if they wanted me to do something that I didn't agree with, then I wouldn't do it. If it was good for the show, then I had no problem. If it was demeaning to the character and wasn't adding a positive light to the show, then I can guarantee that I wouldn't do it.
Taylor Caldwell, Dear and Glorious Physician|Corrupt citizens breed corrupt rulers, and it is the mob who finally decides when virtue shall die.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you have an elegant stance, a noble stance, an ethical stance or a scientific stance, you will not be appreciated by the inelegant, by the ignoble, by the unethical or by the unscientific people!
Izzeldin Abuelaish, I Shall Not Hate: A Gaza Doctor's Journey on the Road to Peace and Human Dignity|For any human being, freedom is essential, crucial, to our dignity and our ability to be fully human.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|It is impossible to give a clear account of the world, but art can teach us to reproduce it-just as the world reproduces itself in the course of its eternal gyrations. The primordial sea indefatigably repeats the same words and casts up the same astonished beings on the same sea-shore.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Normally I would have been the first to go in search of cannibal monks, particularly as I had heard of a similar tradition at a nunnery in the Philippines. It's the sort of quest I can't resist.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Anger does not make history. Power does. And power may be supplemented by anger, but it derives from more fundamental realities; geography, demographics, technology, and culture.
Diana Abu-Jaber, The Language of Baklava: A Memoir|As a young man I started searching for my own identity by looking into family, friends and insideMyself. My mother always taught us to live free even when confined, meaning “never let anyone break you down physically or mentally.” Since my living environment was so heavily impacted with violence and illegal activity I found myself adapting to social norms that later in my adult life would negatively affect me. For example, certain physical reactions that were acceptable, as a child would give you a reputation on the street as tough guy, don’t mess with him. The same mentality later in life, as a man would label you as a predator of some sort and a woman abuser. It was hard to understand the true value of a man and all his worth and everything he is capable of achieving, when you’re surrounded by pimps, hustlers and con men that all may make more money than the men with trade jobs and have more of an appealing lifestyle for the short- term progress.
Ramana Pemmaraju|A man can deceive a women, so can a woman deceive a man; but if both are deceived its LOVE!
Sami Abouzid|It’s always Fun, Honor And a great Pleasure Creating Italo- Disco Music ……. Creatures of the Night ( Italo – Soundtrack Mix )
Francine Pascal, Rags to Riches|Storming was one of her main modes of transportation." In reference to teenager Heather in "Carry The One
Donald Trump|The embattled gates to equal rights indeed opened up for modern women, but I sometimes think to myself; that is not what I meant by freedom, it is only social progress.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|Don't be shy, dear. I'm too old for you to be embarrassed by me.
Eduardo Galeano|Peter's denial was not just a personal weakness. He was in a leadership position, honored as the one who spoke for the group, and was second in command (when Jesus wasn't around). But his choice to publicly deny his place in the community at the side of Jesus had massive repercussions for the other disciples. They ran and hid, and from this point on in the Way of the Cross there is no mention of the disciples again in the Passion narrative. The sheep are scattered, routed, and demoralized. Peter's sin tore open the seems that held them together.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|There’s a vast fraternity of record collectors, and the record store was their hub. There was not a lot of information on these groups or the labels so you’d gather [there] and it would be like a library. - Lenny Kaye quoted
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|You wanted to see me, Professor?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|There is no difference between ancient and modern paganism. Christianity has five gods: three that band together against one who apparently has managed to stand his ground for millennia, and a mother of god who is worshiped at the same level as the other members of the quadrinity
Sarah Hall, How to Paint a Dead Man|The two of you are different now, calmer. There is still sex, occasionally, but is no longer a priority to seduce or be seduced by him.
Moby|Injustice is censured because the censures are afraid of suffering, and not from any fear which they have of doing injustice.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|There are four types of environments; the one that can help destroy you, the one that can help improve you, the one that can destroy the improved you and the one that can improve the destroyed you. Watch out and be vigilant!
M.F. Moonzajer|I never wanted to be alone, but I always opted for loneliness. I am an emotional, sensitive and expressive creature. I cannot detach my feelings, never could I control. I fall in love and I can be easily broken.
Carol Lee, To Die For|And if we do speak out, we risk rejection and ridicule. I had a best friend once, the kind that you go shopping with and watch films with, the kind you go on holiday with and rescue when her car breaks down on the A1. Shortly after my diagnosis, I told her I had DID. I haven't seen her since. The stench and rankness of a socially unacceptable mental health disorder seems to have driven her away.
Jesse Ventura|I think I'm a survivor. I could have suffered at least 100 professional deaths. I could come up with a list of the 100 times I've come closest to death, from having pneumonia as a child to car crashes.
Joseph Conrad|A work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line...To snatch in a moment of courage, from the remorseless rush of time, a passing phase of life is only the beginning of the task. The task approached in tenderness and faith is to hold up unquestioningly, without choice and without fear, the rescued fragment before all eyes and in the light of a sincere mood. It is to show its vibration, its colour, its form; and through its movement, its form, and its colour, reveal the substance of its truth -- disclose its inspiring secret: the stress and passion within the core of each convincing moment. In a single-minded attempt of that kind, if one be deserving and fortunate, one may perchance attain to such clearness of sincerity that at last the presented vision of regret or pity, of terror or mirth, shall awaken in the hearts of the beholders that feeling of unavoidable solidarity; of the solidarity in mysterious origin, in toil, in joy, in hope, in uncertain fate, which binds men to each other and all mankind to the visible world.
M. Ageyev, Novel with Cocaine|I was terrified as only grown men and women can be when they wake in the middle of the night and begin to realize, in the absolute silence and solitude all around them, that it is not only their dream that has woken them, that it is their whole way of life.
Will Leitch|My favorite passage from the book: "Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking of what we want to become. Sometimes we motivate ourselves by thinking about who we don't ever want to be again. Everything we do is part of who we are. How we choose to use those memories, to motivate or to submit is entirely up to us.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Getting started on writing a book isn't as hard as it sounds. You don't need a plan and an outline. In fact, all you need are two things: time and one idea.
Gary   Hopkins|Complacency is a deadly foe of all spiritual growth. Acute desire must be present or there will be no manifestation of Christ to His people. He waits to be wanted. Too bad that with many of us He waits so long, so very long, in vain.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is there any success, without the soundness of mind?
Honore de Balzac|We are not supposed to be all equal. Let's just forget that. We are supposed to have equal rights under law. If we do that, we have done enough.
Chris Kurtz, The Adventures of a South Pole Pig: A novel of snow and courage|The night had a nearly liquid quality, was like sliding into a warm swimming pool, a pool filled with buoyant darkenss instead of water.
Gary "Gunz" Govich, Career Criminal: My Life in the Russian Mob Until the Day I Died|Through a trick lighting technique the skyline was made and faded with the care of a pointillist— maybe aiding us to think nothing was missing. We traded verbsabout what was happeningin the metropolis, realizing,in the scorched plum of dusk,actual human infinity was occurring on an island before us....
Steve Erickson|I believe in being a happy conservative: that you're happy because your policies will give people greater freedom, greater independence. But you have to explain why your policy makes life better.
Kirstie Collins Brote, Beware of Love in Technicolor|The Female Orgasm. The Big O. That elusive, reclusive Loch Ness of the labia. Does it prove the existence of God, or just His twisted sense of humor?
Debasish Mridha|The highest form of wisdom comes from deep observation, kind realization, and curious actualization.
ejump - 2016|really need time with nature,book, and my cam; exhausted for the last few days- 2ne1:2012 state when you feel like there's no way out, love is the only way; i said when i feel like i cant write no more, read is the only way (Ejump, 2016)
ZAKIYA AND MAJID|Surely, I am being rewarded because I have you.
Carl R. Rogers, On Encounter Groups|Talking of appearances, I would like my future readers to know that the picture of Jim and me that Thomas Hart Benton painted on the wall of the Missouri state capitol bears not the slightest resemblance to either one of us. ... I've never been satisfied with any representation of myself and have seen only one picture of Jim that did him justice. I don't know why this should be, unless it is evidence of a nearly universal prejudice against us, instigated by Sunday school superintendents, Republicans, and bigots.
Jenny Colgan, The Little Shop of Happy Ever After|Anything that spreads books and brings about more books, I would say it is good. Good medicine, not bad.
Charles Wright|The music of memory has its own pitch,/which not everyone hears.
Nickles McHugh McHugh, Understanding Business|If you want to go fast, go alone; if you want to go far, go together" African Proverb
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|Myths, legends and stories are the signposts previous generations have left us so we don't have to figure out our own personal journey in solitude!They have to be metaphorical, because their interpretation will be different for each individual life!
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Oh, get off it with that. So sensitive about language. Mate, love, nest, whatever. Point is, it stinks, especially when it goes bad. I get wanting to run away.
Norah Vincent|I was always asking myself why. Why am I feeling this? Thinking that if I knew the cause I could find the cure. But of course there was no reasonable why, at least not in the present. I was awash in an accumulation of past feelings and future dreads, all similar, at least as far as my brain was concerned, and so, lumped together as one. But nobody can handle a lifetime of experience in one moment. That's why depression crushes you.
Ezra Pound|Nynaeve shook her head. She supposed it was one way to find money for the poor. Simply rob anyone who was not poor. Of course, that would just make everyone poor in the end, but it might work for a time
Kris Kidd|Sometimes, when I'm chain-smoking and feeling like shit (which happens more often than I'd like to admit), I let go of a lit cigarette just to see if the ember will outlast the fall.It rarely does.
Criss Jami|We magistrates find that reason is the easiest thing in the world to dispense with; banished from our law courts as it is from our heads, we delight in trampling it underfoot, and that is what makes our judicial sentences such masterpieces, since (although commonsense never presides in them) those sentences are carried out with as much firmness as if people knew what they actually meant.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|The concept of 'home' is not just where one resides, but where the heart resides; in the purest depths of the soul.♥
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|Mon dieu. I cannot leave without tasting your lips once more."	She read the question in his hooded gaze. She would not let him leave, of course, but allowing him a kiss seemed a reasonable consolation after saving her life. Especially as she wanted it , too. Longed for it.	She put her hand behind his neck, mimicking him, and threaded her fingers through his thick, wavy hair. "Take your kiss, my lord.
Florian Armas, Io Deceneus: Journal of a Time Traveler|They have cast my life like dice, in a game that is not a game. The unusual erupted into my life like a storm; I mean unusual in my actual perception of things. Do not mistake me; I never desired things that are certainly harder to bear, and nobody asked me if I really wanted an extraordinary life. That is not entirely true; I was asked, in the way a child seeing a cake is asked if he really wants to eat it.
Steve Maraboli|I looked at all the people, feeling sorry for them. They were still subordinate to clock and calendar. Absolved of that, I stood becalmed.
Amit Kalantri|But the thing is, a wife is a wife and you can't ditch her like a worn shirt after a life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A shaman and a writer each serve as their communities’ seers by engaging in extraordinary acts of conscientious study of the past and the present and predicting the future. An inner voice calls to the shaman and an essayistic writer to answer the call that vexes the pernicious spirit of their times. Shamanistic writers induce a trance state of mind where they lose contact with physical reality through a rational disordering of the senses, in an effort to encounter for the umpteenth time the great unknown and the unutterable truths that structure existence. An afflicted person seeking clarification of existence cannot ignore the shamanistic calling of narrative exposition. Thus, I shall continue this longwinded howl – making a personal immortality vessel – into the darkness of night forevermore.
Albert Camus, The Plague|When dawn comes, that memory gradually distances...Tonight, I will bring it to sleep with me, so that will not be taken away by the waves of the night...
Atwood H. Townsend|No matter how busy you may think you are, you must find time for reading, or surrender yourself to self-chosen ignorance.
Lenora Henson, The Wicked Garden|Here you are. Would you like some pickles?”“Pickles gives me the wind something awful.”“In that case—”“Oh, I wasn’t saying no,” Mistress Weatherwax said, taking two large pickled cucumbers.
Barbara Corcoran|It means a lot in my business and its a wonderful feeling to be recognized for what you have done over a lifetime, but I didn't go crazy. I still eat my cereal in the morning, have a sandwich in the afternoon, go to bed at night. You know, nothing really different.
Virginia Alison|We, as women, have this slight flaw. Yes, admitting it, we are flawed with a faultless memory in regards to the good and bad in men...Stored within our memory banks is every loving gesture and sugar coated word, thoughtful moments, places, arguments, indiscretions, lies all catalogued, timed and dated...The list, for us, is endless...It is not our fault...You give us so much to remember...
Mette Ivie Harrison, The Princess and the Hound|Amusement, even ironic amusement, is the beginning of sincere appreciation, as any lapsed hipster knows.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|At this point, I want to say point-blank what I hope is already clear: though agrarianism proposes that everybody has agrarian responsibilities, it does not propose that everybody should be a farmer or that we do not need cities. Nor does it propose that every product be a necessity. Furthermore, any thinkable human economy would have to grant to manufacturing an appropriate and honorable place. Agrarians would insist only that any manufacturing enterprise should be formed and scaled to fit the local landscape, the local ecosystem, and the local community, and that it should be locally owned and employ local people. They would insist, in other words, that the shop or factory owner should not be an outsider, but rather a sharer in the fate of the place and the community. The deciders should live with the results of their decisions.
Ban Ki-moon|When the storms of life come, if they come to me personally, to my family or to the world, I want to be strong enough to stand and be a strength to somebody else, be shelter for somebody else.
Jan|I got both hands on her throat and there was nothing inside me but the black madness of that desire to kill her, to close my hands until she turned purple and lay still and there’d be an end to her forever. Let them send me to the chair. Let ’em burn me. All they could do was kill me.
Alexandra Heminsley, Running Like a Girl|Brave out-of-the-box thinkers are transforming and renewing the conventional practice of dentistry. While most of their work is still not mainstream, these dentists and medical doctors have paved the way to healthy, nontoxic dentistry.
Victoria Hislop, The Story: Love, Loss and the Lives of Women: 100 Great Short Stories|Why do people stay together? Putting aside ‘for the sake of the children’, and ‘the habit of years’ and ‘economic reasons’ as lawyers’ nonsense – it’s not much more – if one really does try to find out why it is that people don’t leave each other, one discovers a mystery.
Tyler, The Creator|Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst.
Miriam Toews|Even a Menno sheltered from the world knows not to stick her tongue into the mouth of a boy who owns an Air Supply record. You might stick your tongue into the mouth of a boy who owned some Emerson, Lake and Palmer, but you would not date him on a regular basis, or openly.
Natalie Angier|Nobody knows what the whales may have to click and clack about, but it could be a form of voting-time to stop here and synchronously dive down in search of deep water squid, now time to resurface, move on, dive again. Clans also seem to caucus on which males they like and will mate with more or less as a group and which ones to collectively spurn. By all appearances, female sperm whales are terrible size queens. Over the generations, they have consistently voted in favor of enhanced male mass. Their dream candidate nowadays is some fellow named Moby, and he's three times their size.
Slavoj Žižek, In Defense of Lost Causes|A credit card allows you transcend time. For it allows you to put off until tomorrow what you bought today, while you are still paying what you bought yesterday.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|What had he done? Something horrible, something terrible, but something he'd done as a child. Can you commit murder in innocence? It's too big a thing for the human mind to take in, that's the problem. And it grew with the ever-larger newspaper pictures of a girl who was near enough an angel, even before she died. Only the young die good. And Angela Milton died young enough to be perfect.
Munia Khan|If you can weep with your words, the meaning of your heart can be written forever
Tyra Banks|If a man does not control his temper, it is a sad admission that he is not in control of his thoughts.
Fred Wilson|There are lots of reasons email persists, even as faster and simpler forms of communication proliferate and your personal communications likely have mostly migrated elsewhere. But one big one is that new types of media channels rarely totally kill off old ones, even though everyone predicts they will.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Writings|THERE IT IS,’ my mother says, and what she means is that the dot we’ve been nearing for weeks, the one that’s been growing into a larger dot with two smaller dots circling it, has now become even larger than that, growing from a dot to a disc, shining back the light from its sun, until you can see the blue of its oceans, the green of its forests, the white of its polar caps, a circle of colour against the black beyond.
Benedict Freedman|Katherine Mary, w'er going to know each other very well, for many years, I hope. You'll see, you'll come to understand. These big things, these terrible things, are not the important ones. If they were, how could one go on living? No, it is the small, little things that make up a day, that bring fullness and happiness to your life. Your Sergeant coming home, a good dinner, your little Mary laughing, the smell of the woods - oh, so many things, you know them yourself
Józef Beck|Peace is a precious and a desirable thing. Our generation, bloodied in wars, certainly deserves peace. But peace, like almost all things of this world, has its price, a high but a measurable one. We in Poland do not know the concept of peace at any price. There is only one thing in the lives of men, nations and countries that is without price. That thing is honor.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Memory, even in the rest of us, is a shifting, fading, partial thing, a net that doesn't catch all the fish by any means and sometimes catches butterflies that don't exist.
Becca Fitzpatrick|There's really no such thing as the 'voiceless'. There are only the deliberately silenced, or the preferably unheard.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|I’m like a fish in a pool, turning quickly to avoid what challenges it. My only decision is whether to go right or left to sidestep confrontation.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|Most women don’t have a problem with me being naked. As a matter of fact, most women want me naked.-- Dylan McAthie
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|But one day, when Toby is old enough, I will take down a shoe box from a shelf where it is kept, and I will tell him again the story of his sister, Isabel Margaret Cavendish, the girl who came before.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|if someone dies, people say that they loved him even if he was not good person so they start cunning to his family as if he will know it, why don't you keep your mandibles off?
Marvin H. McIntyre, Inside Out|To write well is to have felt a tingle of joy in your being; to have left a little of your blood on the page' B.J.Kibble, author of DRY RAIN, LEGION, CHASING THE WIND,and CRIES FROM THE GRAVE.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Start thinking of your guilt as being selfish, because guilt blocks opportunities from arriving for those you care about and for you.
Sorin Suciu, The Scriptlings|When he smiles, they mostly look away. But Martin likes to think they carry his smile for a few blocks – that even the smallest gesture is something grand.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|Let…it…go,” he whispers, his voice a fierce, harsh sound in my hair. “No. No!” The last word is screamed. “You have to. You can’t bleed it out. You can’t keep pretending, drinking it down.
Menachem Mendel Schneerson|Deep down, I know that I am a child of God who has inherited divine capacities; some of them I strive to develop, others are left languishing. I also have a human side. I lose my temper, lose patience and sometimes judge others and myself.
Ymatruz|Thoughts are ideas scattered in your head. When written forms a sentence. When rhymed, it forms a phrase and singing it blooms a beautiful poem.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|I am Sunai,” he said. “I am holy fire. And if I have to burn the world to cleanse it, so help me, I will.
Manuel Puig, Kiss of the Spider Woman|The one who stands alone can become a winner, but can he be happy
J.W. Lord|Children are God’s way of letting us know His work will continue, even long after we are gone.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|With most men, unbelief in one thing springs from blind belief in another.
Yuvika Mathur|I may be 65 tomorrow, but i have no plans to 'let go.My psychiatrist asked me the same thing. He said he wanted to give me a pill so I wouldn’t obsess so much over momentary things. I told him I don’t want a pill. I want an answer.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|Breathtaking.That was the word, Liv decided, which had convinced her to wear the ludicrous outfit, because no one - not the one, solitary boyfriend she'd had during high school, or the leering frat boys she avoided at college parties - had ever spoken to her with such reverence. And with Xander beaming down at her, she did feel beautiful.
M.F. Moonzajer|I was finally tired of hiding behind bravado. My family had hurt me so many times that I had started to lie about my feelings to everyone. To Sarah. To Maddie. To Ethan. And to myself. I was like an iceberg, with ninety percent of my real feelings submerged so no one would know how vulnerable I truly felt. I lied so much, and so often, that even I didn’t know my true feelings anymore.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|But because divorce was so unheard of in middle-class Indian society, people looked at divorcées with a sort of incredulous shock and wonder, as if they were somehow criminals. They were ostracized from everyday life because of an invisible scarlet D hovering over them. Meanwhile, Second Wave feminism in the United States was changing attitudes about how women were treated in the workplace and in society, and how unmarried women were perceived in particular. Women were challenging age-old notions of their place in the world. Western media was full of unafraid, smart American women who published magazines, were marching in DC, and were generally making a lot of noise. No such phenomenon had reached our Indian shores. I’m sure my mother had read about the ERA movement, Roe v. Wade, and bra burnings. She, too, wanted the freedom to earn a living in a country where she wouldn’t be a pariah because of her marital status. We could have a fighting chance at surviving independently in the United States, versus being dependent on her father or a future husband in India. Conservative as he was, my grandfather K. C. Krishnamurti, or “Tha-Tha,” as I called him in Tamil, had encouraged her to leave my father after he witnessed how she had been treated. He respected women and loved his daughter and it must have broken his heart to see the situation she had married into. He, too, wanted us to have a second chance at happiness. America, devoid of an obvious caste system and outright misogyny, seemed to value hard work and the use of one’s mind; even a woman could succeed there. My grandfather was a closet feminist.
Pierre Charron|He dares to be a fool, and that is the first step in the direction of wisdom.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|God wasn't love, couldn't be love. Because for me, love was a corpse.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|This was a part he didn't like. It made him feel like a jailer, or a kidnapper.	"Another sin, another string of Hail Marys," he said, sitting on the edge of the bed. So much was riding on this. It could all blow up in their faces. If he was still a betting man, that's where he'd lay his money. Too many moving parts that weren't in line with one another.	Praying wasn't an option. God didn't have time for deceivers.
Heather O'Reilly|Shearer could be at 100 per cent fitness, but not peak fitness.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|In today's society, Christians have a bad rap for things like holding picketing signs, screaming mantras of hate, and bombing abortion clinics. Somehow, I don't think that's showing love.
Frederick Buechner, Secrets in the Dark: A Life in Sermons|God knows we have our own demons to be cast out, our own uncleanness to be cleansed. Neurotic anxiety happens to be my own particular demon, a floating sense of doom that has ruined many of what could have been, should have been, the happiest days of my life, and more than a few times in my life I have been raised from such ruins, which is another way of saying that more than a few times in my life I have been raised from death - death of the spirit anyway, death of the heart - by the healing power that Jesus calls us both to heal with and to be healed by.
A.D. Posey|I fight evil, and words are my weapons of choice.
Megan Wilson|The people you are closest to tend to be able to hurt you the most - that is why heartbreak is so hard to deal with, why death is so painful, and why fights can destroy things that matter.
Dada Bhagwan|This world is not at fault, the world is beautiful. If your understanding is wrong, what can the world do?
Eric Onyango Otieno, Touring My Mind|The path you create for yourself is the mark you leave behind when you’re gone from this world. All beauty and angst is stopped by the grave. But your words, your laughter, your faith, and spirit, refuse to die with you. They remain in the hearts and minds of those you touched.
Tista Ray|Now that your eyes are open, make the sun jealous with your burning passion to start the day. Make the sun jealous or stay in bed.
Joyce Carol Oates|The theme of invisibility has haunted me for many years, since earliest girlhood. A woman often feels ‘invisible’ in a public sense precisely because her physical being - her ‘visibility’ - figures so prominently in her identity. She is judged as a body, she is ‘attractive’ or ‘unattractive’, while knowing that her deepest self is inward, and secret: knowing, hoping that her spiritual essence is a great deal more complex than the casual eye of the observer will allow… it might be argued that all persons, defined to themselves rather more as what they think and dream than what they do, are ‘invisible’.
P.H. Wilson|When you speak of my insanity, please let it be with the beauty only art knows. Let it bleed till it becomes creativity and maybe, just maybe, for that single moment my soul will finally be adorned in its own skin.
Evgeny Morozov|If a president can enforce a part of a law and delay a part of a law, then does he have a power to not enforce any law he so chooses? If he can allow illegal aliens to freely run across our border, can he force legal citizens out of the country? Where would be the end of his power?
Morrissey|I hate most people. And I don’t want to, it’s an awful way to be. But the human race gives me no comfort. I find myself turning to books and films for comfort still. It’s repulsive, because one’s life consists of people, not things.
Howard Schultz|I had my freedom, and I had my comfortable life, but I couldn't accept the fact that the politicians were making it increasingly difficult for my kids and millions of others to achieve their dreams as I had achieved mine. So, in 2012, I ran for president.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|A Sufi school comes into being in order to flourish and disappear, not to leave traces in mechanical ritual, or anthropologically survivals.
Adel Abouhana|You’re my favorite person of all time,I see something more beautiful than the universe.
Atom Tate|Repentance is a 180 degree turn, whereas Reformation is only a 90 degree turn.
Elizabeth Marie Pope, The Sherwood Ring|You eat canned tuna fish and you absorb protein. Then, if you're lucky, someone give you Dover Sole and you experience nourishment. It's the same with books.
Arthur C. Clarke, Rendezvous with Rama|The Chairman glared across three hundred and eighty thousand kilometers of space at Conrad Taylor, who reluctantly subsided, like a volcano biding its time.
Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things|Isn’t it complicated to be human, though?” she said. “Animals seem to give up their lives so naturally…And after all, I grew up, I married John, I had Debby. So knowing, being able to understand and forecast and even predict an approximate date, shouldn’t make any difference. I guess consciousness makes individuals of us, and as individuals we lose the old acceptance…”	“The one thing,” Marian said in a voice that went suddenly small and tight, “the thing I can hardly bear sometimes is that I won’t ever see her grow up. She’ll have to do it without whatever I could have given her.”	“Time, too, time and everything that one could do in it, and the chance of wasting or losing or never even realizing it. It’s so important to us because we see it so close. We’re individuals, we’re full of ourselves, and so we’re bad historians. We get crazy and anxious because all of sudden there’s so little time left to be loving and generous as we wish we’d always been and always intended to be…do you suppose I feel the shortness of time because I want to experience everything and feel everything that the race has ever felt? Because there’s so much to feel and I’m greedy?
John Masefield|Or that other bullshit, 'I need more space.' People never quantify exactly how much space they need, but strangely enough it always seems to be the exact same height, depth, and breadth as you.
Leslie Nielsen|Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith. And, I'm a locksmith.
Ashleigh Z., Louisiana Sky|It wasn't fair to pull her into that vortex, because I couldn't be fixed. And Roxy was a fixer. She thought she could help me, I could see it in her eyes.
Indra Sinha, Animal's People|At the end of time when God judges us humans, I just hope He remembers to judge Himself as well.
Shimon Peres|Specifically, the U.S. holds strength. Its own context makes it a very competitive country, but I believe that if we recognize how interdependent the U.S. with its neighbors from the North and the South, we are part of NAFTA, a trade agreement.
Jennifer Garner|I think you can judge from somebody's actions a kind of a stability and sense of purpose perhaps created by strong religious roots. I mean, there's a certain patience, a certain discipline, I think, that religion helps you achieve.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Right now, just speak gently your words of wisdom to the youngsters.Sooner or later, those words will arrive at the right place in their hearts.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Creativity occurs in the moment, and in the moment we are timeless.
Sarah-Kate Lynch, The Wedding Bees: A Novel of Honey, Love, and Manners|Why did you run away last time?” William asks quietly, so quietly that at first, I think I’m imagining it...“Because you are dangerous for me,” I say in the same tone so that he is the only one who can hear me...“Because,” I say, but then I stop, my throat suddenly too dry.7…6…My tongue darts out to wet my lips before continuing in a hurry. “Because…”5…“You could be everything I ever wanted.” 4…3…“Everything and so much more.
Badr Jabriel|If you want to change people around you , Start from yourself.
Cindi Madsen, Second Chance Ranch|Is that a baton in your pocket, officer, or are you just happy to see me?
Donna Lynn Hope|This connection we have isn't going away, it's only getting stronger. Because the more I spend time with her, the closer I want to be.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|The hand on my hair moved to my back, and I realized someone was singing softly. The voice was familiar, and something about it made my chest ache. Well, that was to be expected. Angels' songs would be awfully poignant. "'I was working as a waitress in a cocktail bar, when I met you...'" the voice crooned. I frowned. Was that really an appropriate song for the Heavenly Host to be--
Debra Driza, MILA 2.0|Because despite the undeniable knowledge that I wasn't human—or mostly human, anyway—despite the proof the computer screen had show in the repair room, I still picture my interior just the same as any other sixteen-year-old girl's. Blood and guts and bones. A brain, and a functioning heart. Hopes and dreams, fears and sorrow. They could tell me the truth, but they couldn't force me to accept it.
Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics|Well, it doesn't look good. Makes me look like one of those unloved latchkey children they make after-school specials about.""Don't sell yourself short. You're more Masterpiece Theatre.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|Beside us lies a fair-headed recruit in utter terror. He has buried his face in his hands, his helmet has fallen off. I fish hold of it and try to put it back on his head. He looks up, pushes the helmet off and like a child creeps under my arm, his head close to my breast. The little shoulders heave. Shoulders just like Kemmerich's. I let him be.
Jennifer Crusie, Charlie All Night|Under a system in which no single question is submitted to the electorate for direct decision, an ardent minority for or against a particular measure may often count for more than an apathetic majority.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Never marry at all, Dorian. Men marry because they are tired, women, because they are curious: both are disappointed.
Brian Eno|Emotional intelligence begins to develop in the earliest years. All the small exchanges children have with their parents, teachers, and with each other carry emotional messages.
Clayton Montgomery|I imagine music sitting in a chair across from me saying "and how does that make you feel?".
Richard Russo|The comics that are just conversing with you up there and drawing on their own life, yeah, I guess so. I guess some do political humor, some do topical humor, but the ones that I like, the ones that are appealing to me, were guys who were just talking to you about their life.
Abraham Lincoln|Our mothers always remain the strangest, craziest people we've ever met.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|You might want to lie down," Magnus advised. "I find that it helps when the crushing sense of horrible realization sets in.
Jennifer Probst, The Marriage Bargain|I barrel into his arms, my mouth connecting with his. Seizing him. Feeling him. Loving him.
Confucius, The Analects|If things far away don’t concern you, you’ll soon mourn things close at hand.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|Nobody has to do anything wrong to end up living a life that feels like it’s not their own, all they have to do is take a step back, and hope for the best.
Amanda Hocking, Freeks|He looked at me then, his deep golden eyes meeting mine, and I saw a heat in them that I felt reflecting in my own.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|What was she hoping to gain from his death? That it would numb the pain of his betrayal, or heal her injured pride? Her red sister didn't know much about love.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|If I were a tree, I would have no reason to love a human.
Deyth Banger|Biological harm from electromagnetic interference (EMI) is the dirty secret of the electrical, electronics and wireless radio frequency (RF) radiation industries.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Living means constantly growing closer to death. Satisfaction only temporarily relieves hunger. Find the balance, and plant your feet.
V.S. Carnes|Oh, Lord, why was she doomed to adore a man steeped in blindness and utter stupidity?
Luca Rossi, Il Regno di Turlis|Sometimes, it is not you who finds good ideas when you are seeking them. Instead, good ideas find you in the most unexpected circumstances.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|My feelings can perhaps be imagined, but they can hardly be described.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|God, had it really been that long? It had. Nineteen years since Georgie stumbled across Seth in the Spoon offices, seventeen years since she first noticed Neal, fourteen since she married him, standing beside a row of lilac trees in his parents' back yard. Georgie never thought she'd be old enough to talk about life in big, decade-long chunks like this. It's not that she'd thought she was going to die before now, she'd just never imagined it would feel this way, the heaviness of the proportions. Twenty years with the same dream, seventeen with the same man. Pretty soon she'd have been with Neal longer than she'd been without him. She'd know herself as his wife better than she'd ever known herself as anyone else. It felt like too much, not too much have, just too much to contemplate. Commitments like boulders that were too heavy to carry. Fourteen years since their wedding, fifteen years since Neal tried to drive away from her, fifteen since he drove back. Seventeen since she first saw him, saw something in him that she couldn't look away from.
Nicole Krauss|Shockingly, a University of Pennsylvania study says the number of young people addicted to gambling - largely due to increased exposure to the Internet and Internet gambling - grew by an alarming 20 percent between 2004 and 2005 alone.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere in the universe that creation came to an end with the birth of man? Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere out there that man was the climax toward which creation had been straining from the beginning? ...Very far from it. The universe went on as before, the planet went on as before. Man's appearance caused no more stir than the appearance of jellyfish.
Denys Turner, Thomas Aquinas: A Portrait|The main danger is that of supposing that the thing to do is get a mind on the scale of Thomas (Aquinas)’s into your head, a task of compression that will be achieved only at your head’s peril. The only safe thing to do is to find a way of getting your mind into his, wherein yours has room to expand and grow, and explore the worlds his contains.
Eric Roth, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay|For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.
James MacDonald|If one night you see someone committing a sin, tomorrow do not look at him as a sinner. He may have repented during the night and you did not know.
Rita Rudner|I don't think God said we should all be soft. My job is to compete, and the best prevails. I will continue to play, and that's the way I'm succeeding in my life. If I hit you by mistake, all I can say is 'I'm sorry,' and I keep moving on.
Sophie Kinsella|If you look on Amazon - if you do a search for personal finance, there are literally 20,000 books written on personal finance, and there's no real reason for it. I mean, personal finance is pretty simple.
Natasha Larry|In afew hours, she’ll see Anna for herself. She’ll seeher dressed in blood, her hair floating like it’ssuspended in water, eyes black and shining. Andwhen she does, she won’t be able to catch herbreath.
Pitbull|The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|For a Catholic understanding of the faith there is no reason why the basic concern of Evangelical Christianity as it comes to expression in the three “only's” should have no place in the Catholic Church. Accepted as basic and ultimate formulas of Christianity, they do not have to lead a person out of the Catholic Church. . . . They can call the attention of the Catholic church again and again to the fact that grace alone and faith alone really are what saves, and that with all our maneuvering through the history of dogma and the teaching office, we Catholic Christians must find our way back to the sources again and again, back to the primary origins of Holy Scripture and all the more so of the Holy Spirit.
Hafsa Shah|[The devil] always sends errors into the world in pairs--pairs of opposites. And he always encourages us to spend a lot of time thinking which is the worse. You see why, of course? He relies on your extra dislike of the one error to draw you gradually into the opposite one.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change the world, change your perception and awareness. The world will change.
Bhumibol Adulyadej|I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
Ken Wilber, The Fourth Turning: Imagining the Evolution of an Integral Buddhism|The point of the overall meditative path is to have Wakefulness (or Consciousness as Such) transcend and include all state-realms, so it ceases to “black out” or “forget” various changes of state (such as dreaming and deep sleep), and instead recognizes a “constant Consciousness” or ever-present nondual Awareness, the union (and transcendence) of individual finite self and infinite Spirit.
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|I unlocked the deadbolt and flung the door open, stepping back for Gabby to see exactly who it was. “Hello, Sara,” I greeted.A bubble of laughter escaped Gabby before she could contain it. “Yes, hello ex-girlfriend Sara. And might I add: law-breaker? Who let you out of your cage? Don’t you know Joseph has a restraining order against you?
Elizabeth Peters, The Deeds of the Disturber|Witches were a bit like cats. They didn’t much like one another’s company but they did like to know where all the other witches were, just in case they needed them. And what you might need them for was to tell you, as a friend, that you were beginning to cackle.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|All my life, I've understood the nature of where I come from, but I never thought it might be wicked until now.
J.E.  Allen, Year of Fire and Ash|With its reverent silence the Library was as close to a religious experience as anything he had ever encountered. Its domed reading room was a thing of sheer beauty and wonder. It always inspired in him a childish desire to stand in the centre and spin round and round, making it appear as though the books spiralled into infinity.
Anjum Choudhary|He was her reason for existence,She was his ultimate risk.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|The sea, the sea, the sea. It rolled and rolled and called to me. Come in, it said, come in.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, most influential book, which have the ability to transform many lives.
Carl Hiaasen, Strip Tease|Garcia wondered why people with JESUS stickers on their bumper always drove twenty miles per hour under the speed limit. If God was my co-pilot, he thought, I'd be doing a hundred and twenty.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|A woman's voice answered, "Hello?"Walter cried back at her, "Hello, oh Lord, hello!""This is a recording," recited the woman's voice. "Miss Helen Arasumian is not home. Will you leave a message on the wire spool so she may call you when she returns? Hello? This is a recording. Miss Helen Arasumian is not home. Will you leave a message -"He hung up.He sat with his mouth twitching.On second thought he redialed that number."When Miss Helen Arasumian comes home," he said, "tell her to go to hell.
Hugh Hardy|When I was in architecture school at Princeton, the worst thing you could say about someone was that they were eclectic.
Latika Teotia|To live a blissful life fill your heart with love, hope, compassion and kindness; since heart alone has the key to bliss...
Jason Carter Eaton, The Facttracker|Ah, but surely you must now be saying, "waitaminute, tuna fish would go bad if you kept it in your pocket for weeks and weeks without refrigerating it."To that I simply say: You obviously haven't read Professor P.S. Schackman's informative book How to Keep Tuna Fish in Your Pocket for Weeks and Weeks Without it Going Bad. I suggest you read it before complaining about the tuna situation again.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|For many landlords, it was cheaper to deal with the expense of eviction than to maintain their properties; it was possible to skimp on maintenance if tenants were perpetually behind; and many poor tenants would be perpetually behind because their rent was too high.
Jim George|The question concerning Jesus: do you want to know the real story, or just the allegory?
Stephen Kendrick, Holy Clues: The Gospel According to Sherlock Holmes|He wrote: "A religion to be true must include everything from the amoeba to the milky way." Nothing must be excluded from our view and purview for any faith to be true. 
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|Vaughn is talking about the heat, and his voice is so excited that it breaks into whispers at times. He loves his madness the way a bird loves the sky.
Auliq Ice|There is a purpose in life’s struggles. Without them, we stay the same.
Melba Moon|If it is to be, it's up to me.
John Donne|That our affections kill us not, nor dye.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The self centred disregard for anything living outside of me , is pure solipsism. One may feel the world is pure evil but its " I  " who filters the thought through "my "own un - coping mind, seeking complete annihilation of the world for my own self relief !  
Sandeep Sahajpal|A relationship is built on trust and faith, and not on rules.
Armin Houman|To understand the universe around us, we must understand the universe within us.
Melissa Febos, Whip Smart: A Memoir|Every true New Yorker believes with all his heart that when a New Yorker is tired of New York, he is tired of life.
Robert Walser|With the utmost love and attention the man who walks must study and observe every smallest living thing, be it a child, a dog, a fly, a butterfly, a sparrow, a worm, a flower, a man, a house, a tree, a hedge, a snail, a mouse, a cloud, a hill, a leaf, or no more than a poor discarded scrap of paper on which, perhaps, a dear good child at school has written his first clumsy letters. The highest and the lowest, the most serious and the most hilarious things are to him equally beloved, beautiful, and valuable.
George Steiner, Real Presences|Nine days after Perreault first saw the woman in black, an Indonesian mother of four came out of her tent long enough to claim that the mermaid had risen, fully-formed, from the very center of the quake.One of her boys, hearing this, said that he'd heard it was the other way around.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|You still owe me a million dollars." I'd presented him with a bill for proving his innocence and getting him freed from prison. He had yet to pay. Couldn't imagine why."Yeah, I was hoping we could work that out.""The interest alone is going to kill you.""What do you charge?""Three hundred eighty-seven percent.""Is that ethical?""It's as ethical as my dating the son of Satan.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Humility is a virtue of the heavenly, not arrogance. Are we the most superior beast on earth? No, not in strength and not in intelligence. It is very arrogant to assume that we are the most intelligent species when we keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again. Both rats and monkeys have been shown to learn from error, yet we have not. More people have died in the name of religion than any other cause on earth. Is massacring God’s creations really serving God – or the devil? And what father would want to see his children constantly divided and fighting? What God would allow a single human life to be sacrificed for monetary gain? Again, the Creator or the devil?
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|Death wins nothing here,gnawing wings that amputate––then spread, lift up, fly.
Debbie Ford, Courage: Overcoming Fear and Igniting Self-Confidence|The greatest act of courage is to be and to own all of who you are — without apology, without excuses, without masks to cover the truth of who you are.
Gregor von Rezzori|At nineteen, one lives in the utter idolatry, therefore the extreme superstition, of sex. Monstrously exaggerated tales about sexual feats, which we listen to greedily, determine our expectations. The disappointments are correspondingly great.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else.
Brian Ferneyhough|A pick-up artist gave me a good piece of advice: the three most important things in a relationship are honesty, trust and respect, and if you don't have those, you don't have love.
Rhian J. Martin|There was a certain untamed energy about the west of Ireland – full of tragedy and struggle, sown with the flesh of the departed.
Preston Wagner|To grow, be humble and ask questions most of the time. When you do so, a wise and smart person sees him/herself in you and treats you with dignity. On the other hand, if you ask questions and try to learn from a shallow and fool person, s/he treats you with contempt and disrespect. Now, you know who is who...
Jim Butcher, Cursor's Fury|Wolf Winter,’ she said, her voice small. ‘I wanted to ask about it. You know, what it is.’He was silent for a long time. ‘It's the kind of winter that will remind us we are mortal,’ he said. ‘Mortal and alone.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is lack of ‘Gnan’ (Knowledge and experience of the Self; real Knowledge) there is worldly existence and where there is ‘Gnan’ (Real Knowledge), there is no worldly existence.
Timothy Murphy|The cost of college education today is so high that many young people are giving up their dream of going to college, while many others are graduating deeply in debt.
Dr Robin Lincoln Wood|Species evolve exactly as if they were adapting as best they could to a changing world, and not at all as if they were moving toward a set goal.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, let your global & generational vision start locally, now.
Annette Bening|In my wildest dreams I never thought - well, I never thought I'd work.
C. JoyBell C.|In the same way that the best lies have an element of truth, maybe evil is made all the more powerful when it is accompanied by the startling presence of grace.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|In this world of many consequences, people help people to achieve or to fail, take care of whom to trust.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|If we do not know ourselves to be full of pride, ambition, lust, weakness, misery, and injustice, we are indeed blind. And if, knowing this, we do not desire deliverance, what can we say of a man...?
George Orwell|Well, as a general remark, I would say that I was discouraged by the physical and economic conditions in continental Europe after the war.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|For the first time maybe ever, it didn't matter if I looked beautiful or not. I felt it.
Agatha Bird, Like a Sparrow Through the Heart|When their lips met, and their tongues touched, it was like they were kissing in a hundred different places, and her senses were flooded with new sensations and old memoires. He kissed her, and their souls melted into each other in a melody older than time.
Angie Smith|Worldliness is not so much what we do, it's what we want to do. It's an issue of the heart.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|Paris that eternal monstrous marvel … the city of a hundred-thousand novels … a living creature, the great courtesan whose face and heart and mind-boggling morals they know: “They” are the lovers of Paris.
John Connolly, The Infernals|One thing I love about life and God: the creator of life.Within a blink of an eye; things can change either good or bad. It depends on how you want it.Good in the sense that luck will come to you; if you wish, want, need or even require the good changes.But, bad same as good changes; but, if you are evil. The evil you did will bite you in the ass. Remember these quotes:- You sow what you reap- Karma is a bitch (if you are evil) or Karma is a blessing (if you are good)- What goes around will eventually come around- What goes up will come downSo be careful what you do to others.That's why I am always cautious on the way I treat people. Yes; I am not perfect. But, I always try to be the best I can as a good and loving person despite my roots that is horrifying.
Harold S. Kushner, Overcoming Life's Disappointments|(Many religions, from Judaism to Zoroastrianism, use light and fire as symbols for the presence of God, perhaps because light, like God, cannot be seen but permits us to see everything there is, perhaps because fire liberates the energy hidden in a log of wood or a lump of coal just as God liberates the potential energy to do good things that is hidden in every human being, just as God will be the fire that burns within Moses, enabling him to do the great things he will go on to do, but not consuming him in the process.)
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|The grotto itself comprises its own slick universe, and inside this universe spin countless galaxies: here, in the upturned half of a single mussel shell, lives a barnacle and a tiny spindle shell occupied by a still smaller hermit crab. And on the shell of the crab? A yet smaller barnacle. And on that barnacle?
Katina Ferguson|People who say, “it is not my fault,” continuously fail. People who say, “I’ve done no wrong,” have not done enough right. People who say, “I am done!” are never done repeating the cycle. Even in the privacy of our own thoughts, we can’t sow lies and reap truth.
Thomas Dubay|Here is the path to the higher life: down, lower down! Just as water always seeks and fills the lowest place, so the moment God finds men abased and empty, His glory and power flow in to exalt and to bless.
Amy Lowell|I am tired, Beloved, of chafing my heart againstThe want of you;Of squeezing it into little inkdrops,And posting it.
Rebecca MacKinnon|If China someday gains a more fair, just, and accountable system of government, it will be due to the hard work and efforts of the Chinese people, not due to the inexorable workings of any particular technology.
Mehmet Murat ildan|God was something I did not understand the way kids who went to church did. They said God was a man in the sky with white hair and a beard like Santa. This seemed strange to me. When I thought of God, I imagined only mist over the pond, a sliver of moon in a dark sky, scatterings of stars, birdsong.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|No, that was my privilege.
Luce Irigaray, Way of Love|The ultimate reality from which the path of this becoming could start off again will no longer rest on a ground of 'causa sui.' in any case the sense of a God who would alone be capable of giving an account of self. It is rather from the human and from what the human most irreducibly is that it is a question of starting off again. From the human as it objectively is before it starts to construct a language and a thinking which help to distance it from its beginning, from its prematureness without thinking it in the totality of its being.
Andrew  Boyd, Daily Afflictions: The Agony of Being Connected to Everything in the Universe|Compassion hurts. When you feel connected to everything, you also feel responsible for everything. And you cannot turn away. Your destiny is bound with the destinies of others. You must either learn to carry the Universe or be crushed by it. You must grow strong enough to love the world, yet empty enough to sit down at the same table with its worst horrors.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Ask yourself: what is it, that if I believed it down to my core, would change everything?
Peter  Swanson, Her Every Fear|It was easy to conclude: The night was young and alive, in its ever so subtle way.
Debasish Mridha|Until you break through the walls of fear, you will not be able to reach the door of opportunity.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|Maybe life is all about twirling under one of those midnight skies, cutting a swathe through the breeze and gently closing your eyes.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It is inevitable that machines will one day become the ultimate enemies of mankind. We are not evolving or progressing with our technology, only regressing. Technology is our friend today, but will be our enemy in the future.
Kiera Cass, The One|I love you beyond paint, beyond melodies, beyond words. And I hope you will always feel that, even when I'm not around to tell you so.
Sushant Singh Rajput|Happiness is not the same as life satisfaction, while neither are identical to what we might call flourishing.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|One day there will be no borders, no boundaries, no flags and no countries and the only passport will be the heart
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|When you read a book as a child, it becomes a part of your identity in a way that no other reading in your whole life does.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Love is not a receiving material, It's a giving material. Like a pen;giving poems, Like a sun and moon;giving hot and cool, Like a person like you;giving love to your love!
John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra|Another glorious Sierra day in which one seems to be dissolved and absorbed and sent pulsing onward we know not where. Life seems neither long nor short, and we take no more heed to save time or make haste than do the trees and stars. This is true freedom, a good practical sort of immortality.
Robert K. Greenleaf, Servant As Leader|Then the silence came back, that awful silence that seemed to just take over.In that silence I kept hearing what I had said--heard it repeating itself over and over again like a stuck record. I wanted it to stop. I didn't want to say things like that anymore. I was sick of that kind of lying. I wished I could say something real.But the silence was too big.
Pierce Brosnan|I think there's a time as a writer when you want to see the best things in life, and you go out wherever you go with your dreams as a writer or a composer.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|I understand you.—You do not suppose that I have ever felt much.—For four months, Marianne, I have had all this hanging on my mind, without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature; knowing that it would make you and my mother most unhappy whenever it were explained to you, yet unable to prepare you for it in the least.— It was told me,—it was in a manner forced on me by the very person herself, whose prior engagement ruined all my prospects; and told me, as I thought, with triumph.— This person's suspicions, therefore, I have had to oppose, by endeavouring to appear indifferent where I have been most deeply interested;—and it has not been only once;—I have had her hopes and exultation to listen to again and again.— I have known myself to be divided from Edward for ever, without hearing one circumstance that could make me less desire the connection.—Nothing has proved him unworthy; nor has anything declared him indifferent to me.— I have had to contend against the unkindness of his sister, and the insolence of his mother; and have suffered the punishment of an attachment, without enjoying its advantages.— And all this has been going on at a time, when, as you know too well, it has not been my only unhappiness.— If you can think me capable of ever feeling—surely you may suppose that I have suffered NOW. The composure of mind with which I have brought myself at present to consider the matter, the consolation that I have been willing to admit, have been the effect of constant and painful exertion;—they did not spring up of themselves;—they did not occur to relieve my spirits at first.— No, Marianne.—THEN, if I had not been bound to silence, perhaps nothing could have kept me entirely—not even what I owed to my dearest friends—from openly shewing that I was VERY unhappy.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Bad feminism seems like the only way I can both embrace myself as a feminist and be myself, and so I write. I chatter away on Twitter about everything that makes me angry and all the small things that bring me joy. I write blog posts about the meals I cook as I try to take better care of myself, and with each new entry, I realize that I'm undestroying myself after years of allowing myself to stay damaged.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Take the initiative with deliberate steps to be a polite person:1.	Cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze.2.	Reciprocate a thoughtful word or a good deed in kind.3.	Say "excuse me" when you bump into someone, unintentionally violate someone’s space, or need to get someone’s attention.4.	Apologize when you’ve made a mistake or are in the wrong.5.	Live by the "Golden Rule" and treat others the way you would like to be treated.6.	When dining at home or in a restaurant, wait until everyone is served before eating your meal.7.	Acknowledge notable events like birthdays, weddings, and anniversaries.
Kim Cattrall|You have to come in to major championships, and your attitude has to be on point.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Anyway, why would you trust anything written down? She certainly didn't trust "Mothers of Borogravia!" and that was from the government. And if you couldn't trust the government, who could you trust?Very nearly everyone, come to think of it...
T.J. Kirk|Nationalism is power-hunger tempered by self-deception. Every nationalist is capable of the most flagrant dishonesty, but he is also — since he is conscious of serving something bigger than himself — unshakeably certain of being in the right.
Ghost Town|Since boyhood, fury had become his father. His older brother. His only protector. Fury gave him strength and courage and spurred him to always move forward despite always getting things wrong and always failing and no mentor there to help him or teach him and everyone always laughing. Anger delivered him from catastrophe. Rage kept him from going under. It had come to be his greatest asset and only strategy.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|She stood in his kitchen, watching him toy with the ring in his lip. It wasn't quite that he was biting it, but sucking it into his mouth. He did that when he was concentrating. It isn't sexy. He's not sexy. But he was, and she was staring at him like a fool. "wow" she whispered (.....)"Wow, huh?" His voice was low, husky. His chair creaked as he stood. His footsteps seemed strangely loud as he closed the couple yards between them. Then he was beside her. "I can work with wow
Epictetus|You only have to doze a moment, and all is lost. For ruin and salvation both have their source inside you.
Anthony Trollope, The Belton Estate|The more she was absolutely in need of external friendship, the more disposed was she to reject it, and to declare to herself that she was prepared to stand alone in the world.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|A lot of people think international relations is like a game of chess. But it's not a game of chess, where people sit quietly, thinking out their strategy, taking their time between moves. It's more like a game of billiards, with a bunch of balls clustered together.
Jordan L. Hawk, Threshold|My dearest Pudding pie" I read aloud."Yes, my little turnip?" "Hilarious," I muttered. "If you ever call me anything of the sort again we shall have words.
Vinod Khosla|'Star Trek' is the McDonald's of science fiction; it's fast food storytelling. Every problem is like every other problem. They all get solved in an hour. Nobody ever gets hurt, and nobody needs to care. You give up an hour of your time, and you don't really have to get involved. It's all plastic.
David Blunkett|My wife told me if there is any rumors about me, it better be about politics and not about my social life.
Robert Kennedy|I come from strong people who believe in the freedom of expression and, of course, a culture that believes in that. So the idea of overcoming adversity is something that is not unfamiliar.
Jonathan Franzen|I'd never forget how it felt to say those words. To be in our place. In love with you, in love with us, in love with our secret, with the island we were building, keeping out the whole wide world.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|He will not succeed in this," Taran said. "Somehow, we must find a way to escape. We dare not lose hope." "I agree absolutely," Fflewddur answered. "Your general idea is excellent; it's only the details that are lacking...
Andrew Young|Today there are people trying to take away rights that our mothers, grandmothers and great-grandmothers fought for: our right to vote, our right to choose, affordable quality education, equal pay, access to health care. We the people can't let that happen.
S. Elle Cameron, A Tragic Heart|I should walk away. That would be the right thing to do. It would be the smart thing. But I can't, because I'm Taylor Caldwell, the girl who cuts.
Natasha Tsakos|Science is no longer fiction,but Reality may become one.
François Lelord|If the bro army and sky army broke into war, I would die from the chose to fight for.
Eleanor Duckworth|Intelligence tests require that certain things be ﬁgured out, but the ﬁguring out doesn’t count. If the ﬁguring out leads to the right answer, then of course the right answer counts. But no tester will ever know and no score will ever reveal whether the right answer was a triumph of imagination and intellectual daring, or whether the child knew the right answer all along. In addition, the more time the child spends on ﬁguring things out on the test, the less time there is for ﬁlling in the right answers; that is, the more you actually think to get the right answers on an intelligence test, the less intelligent the score will look.
Rie Warren, In His Command|You’d better run, little bunny…before the big bad wolf catches you.
Tara Janzen, Crazy Hot|It worried him. Like him, she had to be exhausted. She smelled like gasoline; her clothes were torn. She had a small white bandage on her forehead where the EMT had cleaned her cut. Dirt smudged her face, her arms, her legs. He knew she still didn't have any underwear, and for the first time, he felt bad about it. Real bad. He wanted to protect her, make her feel secure, keep her from harm—and all he'd done was lose her underwear and practically get her blown up.
Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes|Hey Susie Derkins, is that your face, or is a 'possum stuck in your collar?
Abraham Skorka|When it comes to morals & principles, a man in the 'real' world has two options; compromise or wait for sometime and then compromise.
James E. Faust|When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity.
Neil Gaiman|Life, too, is senseless unless you know who you are, what you want, and which way the wind blows.
J.I. Packer|Our task is to take suffering in stride, not as if it is a pleasure (it isn’t), but in the knowledge that God will not let it overwhelm us and that He will use it, by His own supernatural alchemy, to three good ends, at least. 1) Our suffering produces character; 2) Our suffering glorifies God; 3) Suffering fulfills the law of the harvest (John 12:24), Rediscovering Holiness by J.I. Packer, pgs. 232-239.
Andre the BFG, Andre's Adventures in MySpace|i've had enough of this. if you'll excuse me, i'm going to find a tavern where i can pay an underdressed woman to sit it my lap and look very pleased with me while i drink heavily
Clifford D. Simak, Time Is the Simplest Thing|We have fallen on hard times of the spirit, with many of the people more concerned with fear of evil than contemplation of the good.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|I wonder if other mothers feel a tug at their insides, watching their children grow up into the people they themselves wanted so badly to be.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|CAPITALISM: If everything worked without need of repair, upgrade or replacement, then peaceful minds and prosperity would prevail among the masses rather than just the few who control markets.
Criss Jami, Healology|In our effort to be honest about our problems, it is not necessary that we cease to be mindful of our potential.
Tarif Naaz|I don't understand how can people hold faith and reasoning in the same head. To my understanding, faith, like love, is blind.
Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals|Actually, I think it's the opposite. We know each other so well there isn't anything left to say. Sometimes it's nice just sitting here with you all, thinking. It's only best friends who can be comfortable with silence, wouldn't you say?
Ernest Cline, Armada|And there’s no synthetic owners manual?” His lips twitched, smile threatening to break into a grin. A joke. He wasn’t funny. “Do you come with an owners’ manual, Captain? Because I’d like to study your troubleshooting section.”“Would you like to strip me down to my nuts and bolts, and figure out what makes me tick?”“I knew what made you tick from the moment we first met. That’s why I punched you between the legs.”~ #1001 & Caleb
Pete Coors|I like getting married, but I don't like being married.
Diane Hammond, Hannah's Dream|I'll be singing hymns to the rafters, be praising His goodness so loud they're going to have to turn down the volume in Heaven.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|Her life with others no longer interests him. He wants only her stalking beauty, her theatre of expressions. He wants the minute secret reflection between them, the depth of field minimal, their foreignness intimate like two pages of a closed book.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|As long as you know 'to let' means to rent and not a place to pee, you’re all set to travel in the UK. The lifts and the boots and everything else don’t really matter.
John Vane|A man of knowledge lives by acting, not by thinking about acting.
Seamus Heaney|History says, Don’t hopeOn this side of the grave,But then, once in a lifetimeThe longed-for tidal waveOf justice can rise up,And hope and history rhyme
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are one thought away from intelligence, one word away from kindness, one deed away from excellence, one step away from brilliance, and one second away from transcendence.
Piper Shelly, Her Game, His Rules|Alex grabbed our things from the bike and bought them inside; then he fastened the tent closed, securing us in."Come here, babe, I'll keep you warm.
Tom Courter|he spoke of what he called the "inner history of weakness, of what disappoints us in leaders, the timidity of thought, the hesitancy and the drift." In these cases imagination and will are often blinded by "constructed evils," he wrote. "We falter from childhood amidst shames and fears, we move in closed spaces where stale tradition enervates, we grow hysterical over success and failure, and so by surrounding instinct with terror, we prepare the soul for weakness.
Melvyn Bragg|When television captured the popular imagination of the 1950s, a rash of movies satirized Hollywood while also mythologizing it.
Ian Somerhalder|It's certainly my honor to be able to, hopefully, change the world a tiny bit, one mind at a time.
Debasish Mridha|When you can see and reveal the amazing beauty of others, you will be the kind of person that attracts others.
Henry S.F. Cooper Jr., XIII: The Apollo Flight That Failed|The venture into space is meaningless unless it coincides with a certain interior expansion, an ever-growing universe within, to correspond with the far flight of the galaxies our telescopes follow from without.
George Best|And even in the open air the stench of whiskey was appalling. To this fiendish poison, I am certain, the greater part of the squalor I saw is due. Many of these vermin were obviously not foreigners—I counted at least five American countenances in which a certain vanished decency half showed through the red whiskey bloating. Then I reflected upon the power of wine, and marveled how self-respecting persons can imbibe such stuff, or permit it to be served upon their tables. It is the deadliest enemy with which humanity is faced. Not all the European wars could produce a tenth of the havock occasioned among men by the wretched fluid which responsible governments allow to be sold openly. Looking upon that mob of sodden brutes, my mind’s eye pictured a scene of different kind; a table bedecked with spotless linen and glistening silver, surrounded by gentlemen immaculate in evening attire—and in the reddening faces of those gentlemen I could trace the same lines which appeared in full development of the beasts of the crowd. Truly, the effects of liquor are universal, and the shamelessness of man unbounded. How can reform be wrought in the crowd, when supposedly respectable boards groan beneath the goblets of rare old vintages? Is mankind asleep, that its enemy is thus entertained as a bosom friend? But a week or two ago, at a parade held in honour of the returning Rhode Island National Guard, the Chief Executive of this State, Mr. Robert Livingston Beeckman, prominent in New York, Newport, and Providence society, appeared in such an intoxicated condition that he could scarce guide his mount, or retain his seat in the saddle, and he the guardian of the liberties and interests of that Colony carved by the faith, hope, and labour of Roger Williams from the wilderness of savage New-England! I am perhaps an extremist on the subject of prohibition, but I can see no justification whatsoever for the tolerance of such a degrading demon as drink.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|[Nietzsche's] questions - transcend, but where to; ascend, but to what height? - would have answered themselves if he had calmly kept both feet on the ascetic ground. He was too sick to follow his most important insight: that the main thing in life is to take the minor things seriously. When minor things grow stronger, the danger posed by the main thing is contained; then climbing higher in the minor things means advancing in the main thing.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|I did some research on this a couple years ago," Augustus continued. "I was wondering if everybody could be remembered. Like, if we got organized, and assigned a certain number of corpses to each living person, would there be enough living people to remember all the dead people?""And are there?" "Sure, anyone can name fourteen dead people. But we're disorganized mourners, so a lot of people end up remembering Shakespeare and no one ends up remembering the person he wrote Sonnet Fifty-five about
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Writings|Women, as some witty Frenchman once put it, inspire us with the desire to do masterpieces and always prevent us from carrying them out.
Wayne Chirisa|To model the path of love, is to model the representation of God in your life.
Scott Stabile|Why not to choose to believe in yourself, just to see what happens?
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Every game has rules. Life’s a game that has its respective rules; obey the rules, win the game!
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|He remembered Tessa weeping in his arms in Paris, and thinking that he had never known the loss she felt, because he had never loved like she had, and that he was afraid that someday he would, and like Tessa he would lose his mortal love. And that it was better to be the one who died than the one who lived on. He had dismissed that, later, as a morbid fantasy, and had not remembered it again until Alec.
Lee Greenwood|In actual life, every great enterprise begins with and takes its first forward step in faith.
Ronald H. Nash|Logical reasoning may be a most convenient means of mental communication for covering short distances, but the curvature of the earth, alas, is reflected even in logic: an ideally rational progression of thought will finally bring you back to the point of departure where you return aware of the simplicity of genius, with a delightful sensation that you have embraced truth, while actually you have merely embraced your own self... anything you might term a deduction already exposes the flaw: logical development inexorably becomes an envelopment.
Gede Parma, Spirited: Taking Paganism Beyond the Circle|The nature of Paganism is that of exploring, evolution, and opening up.
Julia Donaldson|I opened a book and in I strode.Now nobody can find me.I've left my chair, my house, my road,My town and my world behind me.I'm wearing the cloak, I've slipped on the ring,I've swallowed the magic potion.I've fought with a dragon, dined with a kingAnd dived in a bottomless ocean.I opened a book and made some friends.I shared their tears and laughterAnd followed their road with its bumps and bendsTo the happily ever after.I finished my book and out I came.The cloak can no longer hide me.My chair and my house are just the same,But I have a book inside me.
David K. Bernard, Growing a Church: Seven Apostolic Principles|What did you think about?" I wish I could tell him that I thought about him, but I lied to him once and I won't do it again. And besides, I wasn't thinking about Xander either. "I thought about angels," I say."Angels?""You know. The ones in the old stories. How they can fly to heaven." "Do you think anyone believes in them anymore?" He asks."I don't know. No. Do you?""I believe in you," he says, his voice hushed and almost reverent. "That's more faith than I ever thought I'd have.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|For a lawyer to do less than his utmost is, I strongly feel, a betrayal of his client. Though in criminal trials one tends to focus on the defense attorney and his client the accused, the prosecutor is also a lawyer, and he too has a client: the People. And the People are equally entitled to their day in court, to a fair and impartial trial, and to justice.
G.K. Chesterton|But there is in everything a reasonable division of labour. I have written the book, and nothing on earth would induce me to read it.
Robin Skynner, Life and How to Survive It|The healthier people are, the more they are willing to admit to their limitations and so the more open they are to the possibility of improvement.
S.E. Harmon, Stay with Me|As they call last orders, he’ll walk over to a girl he’s no doubt slept with before, pour half his pint over his own head and the remainder over hers, and with a twinkle in his eye say, “Looks like you’ve pulled again, doesn’t it?
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I am very flattered. I have also become a verb as in "I have cumberbatched the UK audience" apparently. Who knows, by the end of the year I might become a swear word too! It's crazy and fun and very flattering.
Candace Bushnell, One Fifth Avenue|As long as one refuses to know one's place, there's no telling what one can do in the world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Each and every minute spent reviewing one's lifestyle is never wasted. A better life comes when one takes time to re-order his/her steps, having learnt lessons worth applying!
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Devil May Cry|Kat laughed. 'Who wants to live forever?'Kish put his hand up. 'For the record, I do.'Sin scowled at him. 'Then why do you irritate me so often?'Suicidal tendencies are inherent in my species?
Ibrahim Emile|Life is made of the past, present and the future. We're shaped by our past, and we're shaping our future with our present.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|The strength of a man is in his character. A strong man is great man of wisdom who understands, his top priority is to his family.
Whitney T. Hines, Pain & Pleasure:|You know," I said to Michael, "my girlfriend took him down with a broken tree branch." "Too bad she isn't here," he said.
Ondjaki, The Whistler|The endlessness of the extent of that whistle resulted, without a doubt, also in an enormous metaphysical knowledge of the art of whistling, which mingled, not just with the hearing of people, but extended, in an incisive manner, to the depths of their souls, the protected corner where each one hid their things- that frightening cave, which many call the centre of their being.
Debasish Mridha|Accept love with love, but never forget to forgive hate with love.
Mary Oliver|Why I Wake Early Hello, sun in my face.Hello, you who made the morningand spread it over the fieldsand into the faces of the tulipsand the nodding morning glories,and into the windows of, even, themiserable and the crotchety – best preacher that ever was,dear star, that just happensto be where you are in the universeto keep us from ever-darkness,to ease us with warm touching,to hold us in the great hands of light –good morning, good morning, good morning.Watch, now, how I start the dayin happiness, in kindness.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|There are normal hours, and then there are invalid hours, when time stalls and slips, when life -real life- seems to exist at one remove.
Leslie A. Gordon, Cheer|I was disinterested in everything, even in Ethan. Even, I was ashamed to admit, in Ella. I didn’t know where else I wanted to be but I knew it was anywhere except on this earth, in my body, living my life.
Elaine Pagels, Adam, Eve, and the Serpent: Sex and Politics in Early Christianity|What Christians see, or claim to see, in Genesis 1-3 changed as the church itself changed from a dissident Jewish sect to a popular movement persecuted by the Roman government, and changed further as this movement increasingly gained members throughout Roman society, until finally even the Roman emperor himself converted to the new faith and Christianity became the official religion of the Roman empire.
Dana Marton, Broslin Bride: Gone and Done it|His phone rang just as he set his evidence kit on the ground. He glanced at the display and took the call. "Hey, Mom."	"I ran into Cindy Jenners at the store today."	"No."	"She's such a nice young woman."	"Not interested."	"Your sisters abandoned me."	"They didn't abandon you. They got married."	"They moved to other states. I don't have a single grandchild. within driving distance. How can they be so curel?" She gave a guilt-laden pause. "Mrs. Ottmann said she saw you talking to some blonde with Massachusetts license plates by the feed store yesterday."	Chase closed his eyes and brushed his thumb and forefinger over his eyelids. "I was giving her a speeding ticket...
Suzanne Somers|Health messages are simply overwhelmed, in volume and in effectiveness, by junk-food ads that often deploy celebrities or cartoon characters to great effect. We may know that eating fruits and vegetables is good for us, but the preponderance of the signals we get - and especially the signals children get - push us in the direction of junk food.
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|Oh, I'm just checking out books." I glanced at the one I was holding. Somehow, of all the places I could duck into, I'd wound up in the erotica section. In my hands was a book about bondage. Somebody kill me now.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|An idea without sacrifice, regardless of grand it might be, will never be anything more than an idea.
Herbert Hoover|Women are degraded by the propensity to enjoy the present moment, and, at last, despise the freedom which they have not sufficient virtue to struggle to attain.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|I don’t know if you have had the same experience, but the snag I always come up against when I’m telling a story is this dashed difficult problem of where to begin it.
Hunter S. Thompson|I have good and bad days like everyone else. I just try to be positive and surround myself with great people. When I think about all the great things and people I have had in my life, that gives me confidence.
Craig Johnson, The Cold Dish|But courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity, or, if it is insisted upon by a commander, irresponsibility.
Thomas à Kempis|Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of its trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse for impossibility, for it thinks all things are lawful for itself and all things are possible
Darren Shan, Demon Apocalypse|Kaltain unleashed the last of her shadowfire, tipping her face to the ceiling, toward a sky she'd never see again. She took every wall and every column. As she brought it all crashing and crumbling around them, Kaltain smiled, and at last burned herself into ash on a phantom wind.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Thoughts close more doors then they open. This causes limitation. Action opens more doors then it closes. This results in liberation. I suggest spending less time on trying to change thoughts and more time on the action steps you will take to prove your current thoughts wrong. Once you take consistent, habitual action the thoughts change, spontaneously.
Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia|Of course, the liar often imagines that he does no harm as long as his lies go undetected.
Dada Bhagwan|To imagine the Self where it is not, is called maya (deceit).
Oliver|I like working alone. I feel freer, less constrained. I know what I have to do and I try to do it. There are no superficial hangups.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|You're off to Great Places!Today is your day!Your mountain is waiting,So... get on your way!
Ron Suskind, Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington, and the Education of a President|Don't kill the game with your 'funk', elevate it with your humility.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|Oh that looked painful," called another Puck, a little farther down. "We really need to talk about your anger-management problems.
Martin Rees|Concentration of the mind is in a way common to both Knowledge and Yoga. Yoga aims at union of the individual with the universal, the Reality. This Reality cannot be new. It must exist even now, and it does exist.
William Missouri Downs, The Art of Theatre: A Concise Introduction|I smelled war on the horizon, with more deaths and trouble to come" Bombing of the Twin TowersFrom Rape of a Nation by Sara Niles
M.F. Moonzajer|Don’t be disappointed, the winning side is not always the right one.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[T]hose who care about their souls and do not subordinate them to the body dissociate themselves firmly from these others and refuse to accompany them on their haphazard journey; and, believing that it is wrong to oppose philosophy with her offer of liberation and purification, they turn and follow her wherever she leads...
Michael Bassey Johnson, Comfort|Greed, one of the badliest capital sins, is not good, is not good for knolege, love, money. Greed "the capital sin" is necessary
Shannon L. Alder|Some will wear masks their entire life because they care about what other people think, while others remove the mask to be who they truly are. The difference between the two is not the ability to trust others, but to trust in God.
Camille Paglia|The medium of response in America is fame; that's how a person that bounces a ball can make millions of dollars, and a school teacher with no fame makes $35,000.
Reverend-Leon|He had a simple maxim for all competitive or adversarial situations: work out what the other party least wants you to do, and then do it. Relieving your feelings was fun, but the best course of action was to make things as difficult as possible for the person trying to make things difficult for you.
Steven Magee|I so want to believe him, but right now even his touch feels like a lie.
Frida Kahlo|I am that clumsy human, always loving, loving, loving. And loving. And never leaving.
Amit Kalantri|Your computer monitor is a kind a one-way mirror, reflecting your own interests while algorithmic observers watch what you click.
Renata Adler, Speedboat|That's how vile i am! I live Ireland, I breathe Ireland, and Christ how I loathe it, I wish I were a bloody Scot, that's how bloody awful it is being Irish!
Auliq Ice|The Creator favors the man who LOVES over the man who HATES. If you teach hatred to your children, one day your child will have that hatred reflected back onto them and onto YOU.
Roberto Trotta, The Edge of the Sky: All You Need to Know About the All-There-Is|I guess the truth is nobody told this smart kid that communication between such divergent life forms was impossible, so he just went ahead and did it anyhow.
