Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Happiness is the successful state of life, pain is an agent of death. Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one’s values. A morality that dares to tell you to find happiness in the renunciation of your happiness—to value the failure of your values—is an insolent negation of morality.
Sherilyn Fenn|I've always been drawn to Marilyn Monroe, but certain aspects of her story may be too sad to tell.
Edmund White, Our Young Man|Because I’ve gotten older, I worry that there will be a steep decline in my talent, but I promise not to let the same thing happen to my passion for writing.
Alan W. Watts|The bank - the monster has to have profits all the time. It can't wait. It'll die. No, taxes go on. When the monster stops growing, it dies. It can't stay one size.
Alan Cooper|Doing a movie about computers between 1978 and 1982? You can't get much less sexy, less active than that.
Kia Carrington-Russell|In real life, Snow White stays dead and Rapunzel grows old, alone in her tower. In real life, you gotta have enough sense to stay away from ugly bitches offering you shiny apples and have enough balls to cut off your own hair and use it as a ladder if needs be. In real life, you gotta save yourself and the only happy endings are the ones paid for in massage parlors.
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|He held out his hand to Sophie, just like Mrs. Pentstemmon, but a little less royally. Sophie levered herself up, wondering if she was meant to kiss this hand or not. But since she felt more like raising her stick and beating the King over the head with it, she shook the King's hand and gave a creaking little curtsy.
Mahatma Gandhi|Of all the evils for which man has made himself responsible, none is so degrading, so shocking or so brutal as his abuse of the better half of humanity; the female sex.
Richard Simmons|Many marriages break up over hormonal imbalance, which is truly sad because it comes from a lack of understanding. When hormones are put back in balance with natural bioidentical hormones, a woman or man resumes their normal life of feeling good and having days filled with quality.
Jeffrey Kluger, The Narcissist Next Door: Understanding the Monster in Your Family, in Your Office, in Your Bed--in Your World|Lovely as it would be to live off a trust fund and have nothing more taxing to think about than where your next hot stone massage was coming from, it's essential for all human beings to have a purpose. There's no honour in boasting “I don't work, dahling...” If you're not stretching yourself, discovering where your gifts lie, expressing your creativity, or enriching the lives of others, what are you for?
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|Everyone, no matter how historically famous or modernly praised, has no idea about the ultimate truth of what it means to be human.
Patti Davis|I lived for 15 years in Los Angeles, and I still can't believe that the handsomest man in the world, Cary Grant, and the greatest performer in the world, Fred Astaire, and Johnny Carson, one after another - they were all in my home at different times. I celebrated my 50th birthday with them. Unforgettable.
Wataru Watari, やはり俺の青春ラブコメはまちがっている 1|Love doesn't discriminate and nor should the law. Not in this country, not in this world, not in this lifetime.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Yeah, but most of the time I think being an adult is not all it's cracked up to be. I've always wanted to postpone growing up for as long as possible.
Nick Vujicic|Everybody wants to be a better version of themselves - everybody. And I hope one day I can lose some weight. Maybe, who knows, I'll hire myself a trainer and a fancy cook. In five years, maybe I'll be an action hero. Then again, maybe I'll just be this guy. Who knows? But the fun part is embracing the human side of that.
Gustave Le Bon, The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind|Nobody believes that the man who says, 'Look, lady, you wanted equality,' to explain why he won't give up his seat to a pregnant woman carrying three grocery bags, a briefcase, and a toddler is seized with the symbolism of idealism.
Colleen Hoover|Integrity, wisdom, skill, intelligence – such things are forged in adversity.
Dana Reinhardt, Harmless|It was then, there in the darkness, with only those little pin-points of light to see by, light from a world away where other people with their own problems and their own secrets lived their own lives, that everything in our world changed for good.
Drew Goodman|Writing- the profession in which you stare at a computer screen, stare out the window, type a few words, then curse repeatedly.
Debasish Mridha|Sleeping is not a loss of consciousness, but it is a temporary loss of integration of awareness.
Cassandra Clare, Nothing but Shadows|Life is a tragedy. so, walk through it with a dam SMILE
Chris Abani|What I've come to learn is that the world is never saved in grand messianic gestures, but in the simple accumulation of gentle, soft, almost invisible acts of compassion, everyday acts of compassion. In South Africa they have a phrase called ubuntu. Ubuntu comes out of a philosophy that says, the only way for me to be human is for you to reflect my humanity back at me. 
Ben Mikaelsen, Touching Spirit Bear|He turned to Edwin. "You know, the stuff you just told me makes more sense than all the weird things the counselors and psychologist have told me in school and at the detention center."Edwin tapped Cole's shoulder with the broken stick. "That's because those people still think you can get rid of the left end of the stick.
Jared Diamond|I call on everyone of goodwill both in Ireland and abroad to join now in ensuring that the beginning of peace becomes a reality, before this year is out. Let us together open a new era in our history.
Amy Holder, The Lipstick Laws|In my opinion, the person who created the torture device called gym class should be clobbered with an enormous frozen cucumber. Not to mention, the person who decided it would be a great idea to schedule me in first period gym every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday also deserves a heavy-handed whacking with the same frozen cucumber.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Forever present, always knowing that you are the only one for me.
Deyth Banger|Am I suggesting that you must feel sorry for divorce lawyers and prepare to pay every penny of their fees? Of course not! You deserve justice, and the lawyer can be lured into delivering said justice at a seriously discounted price!
Brian Tracy|In the US, there is basically one party - the business party. It has two factions, called Democrats and Republicans, which are somewhat different but carry out variations on the same policies. By and large, I am opposed to those policies. As is most of the population.
Morgan Chabane|Surely you may happen to get loston the way, but naturally that issimply how you find your self.
Lily James|I will check the internet for at least an hour every morning scanning worldwide news to do with child abuse. So if you're constantly putting yourself in an environment where you're checking up on social economics or homelessness problems, if you keep yourself aware of it, you don't really have a day off.
Georgette Heyer, Venetia|His attention caught, her companion raised his eyes from the book which lay open beside him on the table and directed them upon her in a look of aloof enquiry. 'What's that? Did you say something to me, Venetia?''Yes, love,' responded his sister cheerfully, 'but it wasn't of the least consequence, and in any event I answered for you. You would be astonished, I daresay, if you knew what interesting conversations I enjoy with myself.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|What's the big idea?" Sabrina demanded. "I declared war on you, remember?" Puck said. Sabrina rolled her eyes. "Is this another one of your stupid pranks?" Puck sniffed. "You have contaminated me with your puberty virus and you called my villainy into question." "First of all, puberty isn't a virus," Sabrina said as she fought a tug of was with the Pegasus for her now rather damp pillow."Secondly, I'm sorry if I gave you the itty-bitty baby and boo-boo face. Do you wasnt me to give you a hug?" Puck curled his lip in anger. "Oh, now is the baby cranky. Perhaps we should put him down for a nap?" "We'll see who's laughing soon enough," Puck said. "You see these flying horses?" "Duh!" "These horses have a very special diet," Puck said. "For the last two days they have eaten nothing but chili dogs and prune juice." Sabrina heard a rumble coming from Puck's horse. It was so loud it drowned out the sound of its beating wings. Sabrina couldn't tell if the churn of the sound was worse for the Pegasus but it whined a bit and its eyes bulged nervously. Puck continued. "Now, chili dogs and prune juice are a hard combination on a person's belly. It can keep a human being on the toilet for a week. Imagine what would happen if I fed chili dogs and prune juice to an eight-hundred-and-fifty-pound flying horse. Oh, wait a minute! You don't have to imagine it. I did feed chili dogs and prune juice to an eight-hundred-and-fifty-pound flying horse. In fact, I fed them all the same thing!
Jay Kristoff, Stormdancer|LOOK AROUND. GAME DEAD, RIVERS BLACK, LAND CHOKED WITH WEED. SKIES BLEEDING, RED AS BLOOD. FOR WHAT?YOUR KIND ARE BLIND. YOU SEE ONLY THE NOW. NEVER THE WILL BE.BUT SOON YOU WILL. WHEN ALL IS GONE, WHEN THERE ARE SO MANY MONKEY-CHILDREN THAT YOU MURDER FOR A SCRAP OF LAND, A DROP OF CLEAN WATER, THEN YOU WILL SEE.
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|Whether you teach or live in the cloister or nurse the sick, whether you are in religion or out of it, married or single, no matter who you are or what you are, you are called to the summit of perfection: you are called to a deep interior life perhaps even to mystical prayer, and to pass the fruits of your contemplation on to others. And if you cannot do so by word, then by example.Yet if this sublime fire of infused love burns in your soul, it will inevitably send forth throughout the Church and the world an influence more tremendous than could be estimated by the radius reached by words or by example.
Brian Andreas|I'm not sure if there's one right place I'm supposed to be, he said, but I know a couple of wrong places I'd give a second try in a heartbeat. 
Milo Yiannopoulos|We got to the moon on Christmas Eve 1968, at the end of a poor year for this country. We had Vietnam. We had civil unrest. We had the assassinations of Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King. But we went around the moon and saw the far side for the first time. A script writer couldn't have done a better job of raising people's hope.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Remember that animals are born to live their own lives, not to serve you! Do not use them; do not exploit them. Let them live their own lives.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|Muses are fickle, and many a writer, peering into the voice, has escaped paralysis by ascribing the creative responsibility to a talisman: a lucky charm, a brand of paper, but most often a writing instrument. Am I writing well? Thank my pen. Am I writing badly? Don't blame me blame my pen. By such displacements does the fearful imagination defend itself.
Jan Pinkava Ratatouille|Whether I'm painting or not, I have this overweening interest in humanity. Even if I'm not working, I'm still analyzing people.
N. Scott Momaday, House Made of Dawn|In the white man's world, language, too -- and the way which the white man thinks of it--has undergone a process of change. The white man takes such things as words and literatures for granted, as indeed he must, for nothing in his world is so commonplace. On every side of him there are words by the millions, an unending succession of pamphlets and papers, letters and books, bills and bulletins, commentaries and conversations. He has diluted and multiplied the Word, and words have begun to close in on him. He is sated and insensitive; his regard for language -- for the Word itself -- as an instrument of creation has diminished nearly to the point of no return. It may be that he will perish by the Word.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|...and I know what it is that's going to destroy the world. Lack of communication - reciprocal communication: cultural, political, intellectual - whatever you like. But more, it's snobbery and self-deceit, which are artificial, protective barriers that prevent communication.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Some decisions in life naturally lead to an unhappy ending, leaving you sinking by degrees in a lake of quicksand.  And, unless someone reaches to pull you out, chances are you will drown in the consequences.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|MISS PRISMMemory, my dear Cecily, is the diary that we all carry about with us.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey|One owes loyalty, only, to those who demonstrate in kind.
Dada Bhagwan|No one is a doer in this world. To claim, ‘I am doing’ is egoism. Illusion continues to prevail under the umbrella of egoism.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Everyone has secrets, Lou,” she says. “Everyone should be allowed their secrets. You can never know everything about a person. You’d go mad trying to.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|In confession occurs the breakthrough of the Cross. The root of all sin is pride, superbia. I want to be my own law, I have a right to my self, my hatred and my desires, my life and my death. The mind and flesh of man are set on fire by pride; for it is precisely in his wickedness that man wants to be as God. Confession in the presence of a brother is the profoundest kind of humiliation. It hurts, it cuts a man down, it is a dreadful blow to pride...In the deep mental and physical pain of humiliation before a brother - which means, before God - we experience the Cross of Jesus as our rescue and salvation. The old man dies, but it is God who has conquered him. Now we share in the resurrection of Christ and eternal life.
Anthony Swofford, Jarhead : A Marine's Chronicle of the Gulf War and Other Battles|When you fail, you disgrace yourself and others. When you succeed, be proud and others will be proud for you.
Aireen Pontillo|Fear will hunt you down, right to the very depth of your soul".
Milo Yiannopoulos|I cannot adequately express the horror I feel for a man who can be so base as to veil his hypocrisy under the cloak of religion, and state the base falsehood he has done.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Other Stories|For my part, I love to give myself up to the illusion of poetry. A hero of fiction that never existed is just as valuable to me as a hero of history that existed a thousand years ago.
W.G. Sebald, The Rings of Saturn|At one point, she said after a while, at one point we thought we might raise silkworms in one of the empty rooms. But then we never did. Oh, for the countless things one fails to do!
Kate Millett, Flying|...we touched each other's center, perfectly, just the fingertip upon the clitoris moving more and more slowly, our eyes steady on each other and the delicate pressure fine and more fine until all motion stopped in one still point remembered always, a vision. And then I did not know her pleasure from mine, my body from hers. We fell into and became each other. Then we slipped over the edge, entered and made love.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All the love, learning and opportunities that you seek come from being open to life not being closed throughout it.
Christopher Bollen|All close friendships are marked with competition. Our earliest tests are against our siblings and playmates, and some of that rivalry endures amongst friends into adulthood. Like dogs play fighting, you learn not to bite hard.
Stephen Richards|If you knew the power within yourself to be truly happy, to be truly whole, then you would never ask another to become the image you desire for yourself, in order to be happy and whole.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|I want to keep you. I want to lock you up and not let anyone near you. I don't want others touching you, I don't want them to smell you. I want you hidden and safe. I want to hoard you and never share you with anyone again. I would shape my entire life around your every want and desire, around pleasing you and satisfying you, keeping you where I am not just the centre of your world but all of it.
G.G. Silverman, Vegan Teenage Zombie Huntress|...a fissure appeared. Splinters of plastic broke away around it, and the fissure widened, radiating further fractures.When the first leg broke out, Simon tried to shriek.
Kelly Clarkson|All my favorite stars, my family and my friends are here. I'm having the happiest birthday that an 18-year-old girl could ever have.
Aysha Taryam|Statistically, the odds that any given rape was committed by a serial offender are around 90 percent," Lisak said. "The research is clear on this. The foremost issue for police and prosecutors should be that you have a predator out there. By reporting this rape, the victim is giving you an opportunity to put this guy away. If you decline to pursue the case because the victim was drunk, or had a history of promiscuity, or whatever, the offender is almost certainly going to keep raping other women. We need cops and prosecutors who get it that 'nice guys' like Frank are serious criminals.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|You have a choice. Live or die. Every breath is a choice. Every minute is a choice. Every time you don't throw yourself down the stairs, that's a choice. Every time you don't crash your car, you re-enlist.
Allison Anders|When people say they take hits and flops in their stride, I personally feel that they are just lying. Of course, I'm upset when my movies flop. I take it very personally.
Maggie Georgiana Young|Even in my most intimate moments with a man, I am alone.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|June suns, you cannot store themTo warm the winter's cold,The lad that hopes for heavenShall fill his mouth with mould.
Janet Evanovich, Seven Up|Is that a bulletproof vest? See, now that's so insulting. That's like saying I'm not smart enough to shoot you in the head." Eddie DeChooch
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|If you didn't remember something happening, was it because it never had happened? Or because you wished it hadn't?
Lee Atwater|From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Hypatia|'Chef' doesn't mean that you're the best cook, it simply means 'boss.'
Erin Lindsay McCabe, I Shall be Near to You|I asked if you was pleased.’‘Course I’m pleased! You think I’d be mad if I wasn’t pleased?’‘You don’t make a lick of sense,’ he says, but he is smiling now and he takes a step closer to me.
David G. McAfee|If for every well-intended prayer uttered in hopes of making the world a better place, there was instead a good deed accomplished, the world might look as though those prayers had been answered.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|Who is She? She is your power, your Feminine source. Big Mama. The Goddess. The Great Mystery. The web-weaver. The life force. The first time, the twentieth time you may not recognize her. Or pretend not to hear. As she fills your body with ripples of terror and delight.But when she calls you will know you’ve been called. Then it is up to you to decide if you will answer.
Carrie Brownstein|I think hip-hop does a very good job of infusing comedy and humor and wit into music, a lot more than other genres.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|I don't understand why people never say what they mean. It's like the immigrants who come to a country and learn the language but are completely baffled by idioms. (Seriously, how could anyone who isn't a native English speaker 'get the picture,' so to speak, and not assume it has something to do with a photo or a painting?)
Donella Meadows|If you and I desire the blessings of life, of health, of vigor of body and mind; if we desire the destroying angel to pass us by, as he did in the days of the children of Israel, we must obey the Word of Wisdom; then God is bound, and the blessing shall come to us.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|The library remains a sacred place for secular folk ["What Libraries Can (Still) Do," The New York Review Daily, October 26, 2015].
Maurice Maeterlinck|When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|I'm not here to be small, to compare, to judge (myself or you), to fit in or to be perfect. I'm here to grow, to learn, to love, to be human.
Auliq Ice|Things don't always go as planned, but it's when you make a plan out of the unplanned and make the best of the unlikely things In life.
Honoré de Balzac, Gobseck|-Хүү минь, чи надад ямар ч өргүй гэж бодож явах эрхийг би чамд олголоо.
Eoin Colfer|He’d never wanted kids. Outside of priority boarding on an airline, he couldn’t see the upside to them. They took over your life and filled you with terror and weariness and people acted like having one was a blessed event and talked about them in the reverent tones they once reserved for gods. When it came down to it, though, you had to remember that all those assholes cutting you off in traffic and walking the streets and shouting in bars and turning their music up too loud and mugging you and raping you and selling you lemon cars—all those assholes were just children who’d aged. No miracle. Nothing sacred in that.
Andrena Sawyer|An enlightened trust in the sovereignty of human reason can be every bit as magical as the exploits of Merlin, and a faith in our capacity for limitless self-improvement just as much a wide-eyed superstition as a faith in leprechauns.
Tim Wu, The Attention Merchants: The Epic Scramble to Get Inside Our Heads|We’re only here for a short while. And I think it’s such a lucky accident, having been born, that we’re almost obliged to pay attention.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|As we gaze on Christ, the mind is informed, and the heart is inflamed, and the body begins to line up.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|What you don't deal with today, will live to deal with tomorrow.
Wasif Ali Wasif|God created hand, head, and heart; the hand for the deed, the head for the world, the heart for mysticism.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|There is but one God. He at first appears as life-power in the body, and finally transforms into Supreme Bliss. These are all but various aspects of God with forms, and nothing can be said of God without any form .
Bayard Rustin|Study and work and work and study will keep in active exercise both the physical and mental. These two, rightly conducted, will not war against each other.
Joanne Bischof, My Hope Is Found|We thought all this teaching was to make us smart. What it did was make us stupid. With all the little facts we learned, we never had the time to think.
Joyce Meyer|The job of nation building, the job of nation leadership in a difficult, complex coalition has worked.
Nisargadatta Maharaj, I Am That: Talks with Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj|To deal with things knowledge of things is needed. To deal withpeople, you need insight, sympathy. To deal with yourself, you neednothing. Be what you are--conscious being--and don't stray away fromyourself.
T.S. Eliot, Collected Poems, 1909-1962|Time and the bell have buried the day,The black cloud carries the sun away.Will the sunflower turn to us, will the clematisStray down, bend to us; tendril and sprayClutch and cling? ChillFingers of yew be curledDown on us? After the kingfisher's wingHas answered light to light, and is silent, the light is stillAt the still point of the turning world.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In this life, when you deny someone an apology,you will remember it at time you beg forgiveness.
Kimberly Caldwell|At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace the savage races throughout the world.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|When you feel hatred towards your life, hate it. See how it will actually do something to your life.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|A person functioning exclusively in the Cartesian mode may be free from manifest symptoms but cannot be considered mentally healthy. Such individuals typically lead ego-centred, competitive, goal-oriented lives. Overpreoccupied with their past and their future, they tend to have a limited awarenessof the present and thus a limited ability to derive satisfaction from ordinary activities in everyday life. They concentrate on manipulating the external world and measure their living standard by the quantity of material possessions, while they become ever more alienated from their inner world and unable to appreciate the process of life. For people whose existence is dominated by this mode of experience no level of wealth, power, or fame will bring genuine satisfaction
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The deaf who deny they are deaf will never hear; the sinners who deny there is sin deny thereby the remedy of sin, and thus cut themselves off forever from Him Who came to redeem.
Frank Zappa|Interviewer: 'So Frank, you have long hair. Does that make you a woman?'Frank Zappa: 'You have a wooden leg. Does that make you a table?
Tiffany Luard|When your steps are destined... you can trust that your journey has a variety of processes. These processes will be disguised with a perfect strife; however, the struggle is pivotal in breeding greatness..." (T.luard)
Faith A. Colburn, Threshold|Rain in the Northwest is not the pounding, flashing performance enjoyed by the eastern part of the nation. Nor is it the festive annual soaking I'd been used to in Southern California. Rather, it's a seven-month drizzle that darkens the sky, mildews the bath towels, and propels those already prone to depression into the dim comforts of antihistamines and a flask.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When joy is LOST, hope can easily FIND it... It's only your HOPE, that knows the where about of your JOY! If you lose hope you lose everything!
lauren klarfeld|A girl who travels has relationships that are based not on security, but on sincerity
Ray Kroc|Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|As we come to grips with our own selfishness and stupidity, we make friends with the impostor and accept that we are impoverished and broken and realize that, if we were not, we would be God. The art of gentleness toward ourselves leads to being gentle with others -- and is a natural prerequisite for our presence to God in prayer.
Simone Biles|When was the last time you spent a quiet moment just doing nothing - just sitting and looking at the sea, or watching the wind blowing the tree limbs, or waves rippling on a pond, a flickering candle or children playing in the park?
Susan Vreeland, Clara and Mr. Tiffany|You know, bicycling isn't just a matter of balance," I said. "it's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground. I'm going to call that the Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|No place in this world is, as safe as my mother’s womb,And nobody in this world is, as loving as my mother.
God, Bible|If we believe the Canon is closed and Scripture is sufficient, then we believe God is not speaking new words apart from Scripture.
Deyth Banger|Short stories are great start, but if they are true that's the best start so far in about 222 short stories I have viewed and I have already shared them in the book series Reddit Collection.
Anthony Bourdain, No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach|Looking at these photographs, I know that I will never understand the world I live in or fully know the places I've been. I've learned for sure only what I don't know - and how much I have to learn.
Elon Musk|I'm starting to think about things that I want to do, things that are fun. One of them is driving a car like a Porsche. I've driven a lot of cars - sedans, trucks and big family vehicles all year long. But there's nothing like a four-wheel-drive Porsche.
Mira Nair|I am pretty weird - as weird as in my videos. The only difference is Lilly is not a performer, and Superwoman is. So Superwoman is very fearless. You'll never see her nervous. You'll never see her sad. But Lilly is a human. She is the person behind Superwoman, who gets sad and tired sometimes.
Lauren Oliver|Most of the time - 99 percent of the time - you just don't know how and why the threads are looped together, and that's okay. Do a good thing and something bad happens. Do a bad thing and something good happens. Do nothing and everything explodes. And very, very rarely - by some miracle of chance and coincidence, butterflies beating their wings just so and all the threads hanging together for a minute - you get the chance to do the right thing.
The Truth|When you look back with regret, that (regret, loss) becomes your focus. Then your focus directs you: you go back to that – again and again.Look forward now – and focus on your passions with joyful anticipation.Then your passion will fill the gap of your loss...and where you land us will amaze you!
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Nothing in heaven or earth is content to be alone, and so there must always be something more. The universe is governed by a principle no more complicated than this: that a solitary body will forever attract another to itself.
Cheryl L. Ilov, Forever Fit and Flexible: Feeling Fabulous at Fifty and Beyond|The more you doubt your talent and strive to improve, the better the writer.
Gizmo, The Puzzled Puppy, What Donald Trump Supporters Need to Know: But Are Too Infatuated to Figure Out|I do not respect a person without sadness in their eyes, but i do envy them..
Chris Mentillo|In My Case, It Did Not All Start With A Mouse, Instead It Started With A House.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|If you want to know the real character of man, intentionally and timely give him the test of 3d’s; delay, denial and disappointment
Katharine Lee Bates|A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
Nadun Lokuliyanage|Enjoy small moments as they come. At the end, That's what makes life worthwhile...
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Well, in that hit you miss. She'll not be hitWith Cupid's arrow. She hath Dian's wit,And, in strong proff of chastity well armed,From Love's weak childish bow she lives uncharmed. She will not stay the siege of loving terms,Nor bide th' encounter of assailing eyes,Nor ope her lap to saint-seducing gold.O, she is rich in beauty; only poorThat, when she dies, with dies her store.Act 1,Scene 1, lines 180-197
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|Then the immortal heart of the woods will beat against ours and its subtle life will steal into our veins and make us its own forever, so that no matter where we go or how widely we wander we shall yet be drawn back to the forest to find our most enduring kinship.
Munia Khan|Souls of love breathlessly sailTowards our time when hours failTo cope with longing here we areChasing the speed of a falling starMiles and miles fleetly we goDown to the ocean, deeper the flowWaves now know their crushing tide Splashing between joy and pride
Francis Ford Coppola|There's nothing like a family crisis, especially a divorce, to force a person to re-evaluate his life.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|Because when there is true equality, resentment does not exist.
Johnny Carson|Agriculture is not crop production as popular belief holds - it's the production of food and fiber from the world's land and waters. Without agriculture it is not possible to have a city, stock market, banks, university, church or army. Agriculture is the foundation of civilization and any stable economy.
Ana Simons, Silent Signs|I took a deep intake of breath and gathered all my strength to unleash the arrogant, cold-hearted royal bitch who must hide somewhere in deeper layers of my being. We all must have one somewhere, and she should see the light of day sometimes.
Frank Lloyd Wright|The Westwood Cemetery is just a few blocks from my home, and a number of my very dear friends are buried there.
Diedrich Knichkerbocker|Faith, sir, as to that matter, I don't believe one half of it myself.
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Whereas story is processed in the mind in a straightforward manner, poetry bypasses rational thought and goes straight to the limbic system and lights it up like a brushfire. It's the crack cocaine of the literary world.
Paul Bremer|When I consider a problem, it is now instinctive for me to think about the institutions involved, the authorizing environment, possible coalitions, likely opposition, implementation, legal issues, resource dimensions, communications - and how the problem fits into a stream of other issues.
Diane Von Furstenberg|You're always with yourself, so you might as well enjoy the company.
Susan Decker|As dismayed as Americans are with the influence of the special interests that finance election campaigns, they've been reluctant to embrace the alternative: taxpayer-financed elections.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|However, in part for reasons of organizationalconvenience, modern societies are structured as if all humans had the same sleep requirements; and in many parts of the world there is a satisfying sense of moral rectitude in rising early. The amount of sleep required for buffer dumping would then depend on how much we have both thought and experienced since the last sleep period.
Arthur Schopenhauer|It will generally be found that, as soon as the terrors of life reach the point at which they outweigh the terrors of death, a man will put an end to his life. But the terrors of death offer considerable resistance; they stand like a sentinel at the gate leading out of this world. Perhaps there is no man alive who would not have already put an end to his life, if this end had been of a purely negative character, a sudden stoppage of existence. There is something positive about it; it is the destruction of the body; and a man shrinks from that, because his body is the manifestation of the will to live.
James George Frazer, The Golden Bough|By religion, then, I understand a propitiation or conciliation of powers superior to man which are believed to direct and control the course of nature and of human life. Thus defined, religion consists of two elements, a theoretical and a practical, namely, a belief in powers higher than man and an attempt to propitiate or please them. Of the two, belief clearly comes first, since we must believe in the existence of a divine being before we can attempt to please him. But unless the belief leads to a corresponding practice, it is not a religion but merely a theology; in the language of St. James, “faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.” In other words, no man is religious who does not govern his conduct in some measure by the fear or love of God. On the other hand, mere practice, divested of all religious belief, is also not religion. Two men may behave in exactly the same way, and yet one of them may be religious and the other not. If the one acts from the love or fear of God, he is religious; if the other acts from the love or fear of man, he is moral or immoral according as his behaviour comports or conflicts with the general good.
Frederick W. Smith|German businessmen are overwhelmed by the high cost of doing business. Inflexible rules, enforced by a burgeoning bureaucracy, discourage entrepreneurship.
Carson Wentz|Everyone talks about how we're on our phones all the time, but the fact remains that when I'm away on a film set for two months, I can Skype my family. I remember the phone calls my parents had to make when my dad was away for a while when I was younger - that once-a-week expensive phone call! The time pressure on talking to your father!
Marguerite Duras, The Lover|Because it doesn't matter anymore, and because I'm so desperately lonely I can't stand it.
Donna Lynn Hope|That’s not necessary,” Mr. Bradshaw said, “although you are all perfectly welcome in the guest rooms upstairs, I won’t ask you to lie to your-”	“Mr. Bradshaw.” Nathan grinned. “You’ve been asking us to lie to our parents from the moment we each set foot in this house. We’re spies; we’ll all find excuses to stay here. No one wants to leave the only place in the city where the Pentagon won’t dare enter. Not tonight. Not after what happened.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|I sit up in bed slowly, feeling the disappointment trickle away like puddles after a rain shower.
Frank Close, The Void|We are the lucky ones for we shall die, as there is an infinite number of possible forms of DNA all but a few billions of which will never burst into consciousness.
Tim Challies, The Next Story: Life and Faith after the Digital Explosion|The place of the worst barbarism is that modern forest that makes use of us, this forest of chimneys and bayonets, machines and weapons, of strange inanimate beasts that feed on human flesh.
Randi Weingarten|Merit pay has failed repeatedly, and it's no surprise. When you base teacher pay on standardized test scores, you won't improve education; you just promote the high-stakes testing craze that's led parents, students and educators to shout 'Enough!' all across the country.
Manasa Rao|It takes two to manage the relationship, but it takes one to begin the change.
D.T. Max, Every Love Story Is a Ghost Story: A Life of David Foster Wallace|She was drowning—in friendliness, in community—and she was starting to think she didn't want to get pulled out.
Roger Pilon|Whether vampires should have been declared ‘alive’ and full citizens of the United States of America was one of the big debates ranking right up there with gun rights and abortion. In a way all of them are about life and death—defining what life is, and what it isn’t, and how far we’ll go to protect, or take, it.
Anthony Boucher, The Case of the Baker Street Irregulars|Even Asmodeus, that limping devil who looked through rooftops at men's most secret actions, could not have told which of these thoughts masked an undercurrent of joy -- the joy of the man who know that he has killed wisely and well.
Cassandra Clare, Tales from the Shadowhunter Academy|Little James Herondale, age two, was in fact holding a dagger quite well. He stabbed it into a sofa cushion, sending out a burst of feathers. "Ducks," he said, pointing at the feathers.
StridingDream|The most abundant and most precious of things: Thoughts and Dreams, can be found in every corner yet as precious as diamonds.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|Cecilia had unleashed her blood in the bath, Amy Schraff said, because the ancient Romans had done that when life became unbearable.
William Morris|I pondered all these things, and how men fight and lose the battle, and the thing that they fought for comes about in spite of their defeat, and when it comes turns out not to be what they meant, and other men have to fight for what they meant under another name.
Alexander MacLaren|Christ wrought out His perfect obedience as a man, through temptation, and by suffering.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Truman Capote|Like so many of his successors in the language-crank world today, though, (Jonathan) Swift not only loathes (the) banal and common change (language); he ascribes it to moral failing.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|When people start liking people, that’s when someone has the ability to get hurt.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|...he lacked the sort of ambition that JB and Jude had, that grim, trudging determination that kept them at the studio or office longer than anyone else, that gave them that slightly faraway look in their eyes that always made him think a fraction of them was already living in some imagined future, the contours of which were crystallized only to them.
Erika Johansen, The Queen of the Tearling|This is how women are trained to stay indoors, she thought, the idea echoing in her mind like a gravesong. This is how women are trained not to act.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|It's just a feeling I have. What you see with your eyes is not necessarily real. My enemy is, among other things, the me inside me.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You have authority in your mouth, hence don't need to be afraid; but rather positively affirm!
Tom Clancy, Executive Orders|If a curiously selective plague came along and killed all people of intermediate height, 'tall' and 'short' would come to have just as precise a meaning as 'bird' or 'mammal'. The same is true of human ethics and law. Our legal and moral systems are deeply species-bound. The director of a zoo is legally entitled to 'put down' a chimpanzee that is surplus to requirements, while any suggestion that he might 'put down' a redundant keeper or ticket-seller would be greeted with howls of incredulous outrage. The chimpanzee is the property of the zoo. Humans are nowadays not supposed to be anybody's property, yet the rationale for discriminating against chimpanzees in this way is seldom spelled out, and I doubt if there is a defensible rationale at all. Such is the breathtaking speciesism of our attitudes, the abortion of a single human zygote can arouse more moral solicitude and righteous indignation than the vivisection of any number of intelligent adult chimpanzees! [T]he only reason we can be comfortable with such a double standard is that the intermediates between humans and chimps are all dead.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|If we desire a society in which men are brothers, then we must act towards one another with brotherhood. If we can build such a society, then we would have achieved the ultimate goal of human freedom.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|Taren Ferry folk had a reputation for slyness and trickery. If you shook hands with a Taren Ferry man, people said, you counted your fingers afterwards.
M.T. Anderson, Yvain: The Knight of the Lion|I shall speak of love...and of hate.It is truly a marvel, but I tell you, hatred and love may live cramped together, crouching in the same heart.
Sunday Adelaja|Though the customer is always right, there are some customers you do not want.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Leslie-Ann set down her own bucket and watched, marveling, as a quarter of an inch of water covered the bottom.When she looked away, she saw an older kid. She’d seen him around. But usually he was with Orc and she was too scared of Orc ever to get near him.She tugged on Howard’s wet sleeve. He seemed not to be sharing in the general glee. His face was severe and sad.“What?” he asked wearily.“I know something.”“Well, goody for you.”“It’s about Albert.”Howard sighed. “I heard. He’s dead. Orc’s gone and Albert’s dead and these idiots are partying like it’s Mardi Gras or something.”“I think he might not be dead,” Leslie-Ann said.Howard shook his head, angry at being distracted. He walked away. But then he stopped, turned, and walked back to her. “I know you,” he said. “You clean Albert’s house.”“Yes. I’m Leslie-Ann.”“What are you telling me about Albert?”“I saw his eyes open. And he looked at me.
Jordan Spieth|To be able to have winning in your blood growing up, whether it was pounding my little brother or trying to beat my dad in something, or just competing on teams with my friends, it was nonstop.
Zander Sherman, The Curiosity of School: Education and the Dark Side of Enlightenment|That's like telling an elementary schooler to ignore the bully giving him swirlies and pay attention to the teacher.' he said, stuffing graham crackers in his mouth. 'Hey Raven, do you want me to beat those geeks up?
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|So what else can I tell you?" I asked. "I mean, to get you to reveal Lily to me."She triangled her fingers under her chin. "Let's see. Are you a bed wetter?""Am I a...?""Bed wetter. I am asking if you are a bed wetter."I knew she was trying to get me to blink. But I wouldn't."No, ma'am. I leave my beds dry.""Not even a little drip every now and then?""I'm trying hard to see how this is germane.""I'm gauging your honesty. What is the last periodical you read methodically?""Vogue. Although, in the interest of full disclosure, that's mostly because I was in my mother's bathroom, enduring a rather long bowel movement. You know, the kind that requires Lamaze.""What adjective do you feel the most longing for?"That was easy. "I will admit I have a soft spot for fanciful.""Let's say I have a hundred million dollars and offer it to you. The only condition is that if you take it, a man in China will fall off his bicycle and die. What do you do?""I don't understand why it matters whether he's in China or not. And of course I wouldn't take the money."The old woman nodded."Do you think Abraham Lincoln was a homosexual?""All I can say for sure is that he never made a pass at me.""Are you a museumgoer?""Is the pope a churchgoer?""When you see a flower painted by Georgia O'Keefe, what comes to mind?""That's just a transparent ploy to get me to say the word vagina, isn't it? There. I said it. Vagina.
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|Grief is an element. It has its own cycle like the carbon cycle, the nitrogen. It never diminishes not ever. It passes in and out of everything.
Fran Lebowitz|Now, nature, as I am only too aware, has her enthusiasts, but on the whole, I am not to be counted among them. To put it bluntly, I am not the type who wants to go back to the land; I am the type who wants to go back to the hotel.
Alin Sav|Real leaders can change the world, but the world will not change real leaders.
The Road to Samarcand|Have been most timid of cowards from day of birth," replied Li Han, without shame, "and this is an inauspicious day."- "No it ain't," said Olaf, "it ban Thursday.
Francis Bacon, The Advancement Of Learning|If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.
Anne Rice|Is it really so terrible being around us?"I blushed. "No," I said. "But . . . it's complicated. I've been taught certain things my entire life. Those are hard to shake.""The greatest changes in history have come because people were able to shake off what others told them to do.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|Some minds, at some point, discover that they can not make sense of their own predications without attention to grammar, although they do not ordinarily think of what they are doing as an exercise in grammar.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|Well, aren't you just saying it's better to be neurotic, sensitive, and miserable than unimaginative, adjusted and content? Is it really better?
Deejay Kapil|Sometimes it doesn't make sense- the short periods of time we get with the best moments and with people, or their outcomes from their choices.However, if we turn it over to the golden light that flies around us.The breathing wind of the evening promises that we will see the big picture in the hereafter with a new dawn tomorrow.Nothing is too small to be a mistake.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|Please," her shadow begged.	Laughingstock for sure.	"I can't give you what you want," Cam said. "You know that." She had to know that.
Sunday Adelaja|Franny understood then that grace was not like a present. It could not be given, and it could not be taken away.
Ken Follett, Fall of Giants|He gave me a warm smile, and I blinked, realizing he was cute. I'd never really hadthe luxury of noticing cuteness or lack thereof in guys. Mostly it was the lethal/nonlethal distinction that I went with
John Green, Paper Towns|Nothing goes perfectly for us. But... being incomplete is what pushes us onward to the next something... If we were even perfectly satisfied, what meaning would the rest of our lives hold, right?
Dan Bergstein|Like that's the only reason anyone would ever buy a first-aid kit? Don't take this the wrong way, Professor McGonagall, but what sort of crazy children are you used to dealing with?""Gryffindors," spat Professor McGonagall, the word carrying a freight of bitterness and despair that fell like an eternal curse on all youthful heroism and high spirits.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[Y]ou know very well the truth of what I [say]... I have incurred a great deal of bitter hostility; and this is what will bring about my destruction, if anything does... the slander and jealousy of a very large section of the people. They have been fatal to a great many other innocent men, and I suppose will continue to be so; there is no likelihood that they will stop at me. But perhaps someone will say 'Do you feel no compunction, Socrates, at having followed a line of action which puts you in danger of the death-penalty?' I might fairly reply to him 'You are mistaken, my friend, if you think that a man who is worth anything ought to spend his time weighing up the prospects of life and death. He has only one thing to consider in performing any action; that is, whether he is acting rightly or wrongly, like a good man or a bad one...['] The truth of the matter is this, gentlemen. Where a man has once taken up his stand, either because it seems best to him or in obedience to his orders, there I believe he is bound to remain and face the danger, taking no account of death or anything else before dishonour.
Paul Graham|If you leave a bunch of eleven-year-olds to their own devices, what you get is Lord of the Flies. Like a lot of American kids, I read this book in school. Presumably it was not a coincidence. Presumably someone wanted to point out to us that we were savages, and that we had made ourselves a cruel and stupid world. This was too subtle for me. While the book seemed entirely believable, I didn't get the additional message. I wish they had just told us outright that we were savages and our world was stupid.
C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life|I was still young and the whole world of beauty was opening before me, my own officious obstructions were often swept aside and, startled into self-forgetfulness, I again tasted Joy. ... One thing, however, I learned, which has since saved me from many popular confusions of mind. I came to know by experience that it is not a disguise of sexual desire. ... I repeatedly followed that path - to the end. And at the end one found pleasure; which immediately resulted in the discovery that pleasure (whether that pleasure or any other) was not what you had been looking for. No moral question was involved; I was at this time as nearly nonmoral on that subject as a human creature can be. The frustration did not consist in finding a "lower" pleasure instead of a "higher." It was the irrelevance of the conclusion that marred it. ... You might as well offer a mutton chop to a man who is dying of thirst as offer sexual pleasure to the desire I am speaking of. ... Joy is not a substitute for sex; sex is very often a substitute for Joy. I sometimes wonder whether all pleasures are not substitutes for Joy.
|Never allow the blessings in your life to go consciously and subconsciously unnoticed, no matter how small they are.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|If the portraits of our absent friends are pleasant to us, which renew our memory of them and relieve our regret for their absence by a false and empty consolation, how much more pleasant are letters which bring us the written characters of the absent friend.
Tom Stoppard, Voyage|We can all be clockmakers, or astronomers. But if we all wanted to be Pushkin. . .if the question is, how do you make a poem by Pushkin?- or, what exactly makes one poem or painting or piece of music greater than another?- or, what is beauty?, or liberty?, or virtue?- if the question is, how should we live?. . . then, reason gives no answer or different answers. So something went wrong. The divine spark in man is not reason after all, but something else, some kind of intuition or vision, perhaps like the moment of inspiration experienced by the artist . . .
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can only please God, when we pray for his power.
Auliq-Ice|We often go through life with blinders on. Not always because we refuse to see what is obvious or that we’re too lazy or fearful to look very deeply, but because we don’t know to look where we don’t know something has been neglected.
Spike Jonze|When I was 13 years old, my mom had me start getting facials in my hometown of Los Angeles.
Conrad Aiken|It's time to make love, douse the glim; The fireflies twinkle and dim; The stars lean together Like birds of a feather, And the loin lies down with the limb.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|I can't get his bonesto go down the fucking drain.I try to stuff the tiny holes,too tiny for this pain.I can't get his bonesto break any way for my gain.Break them back a little too far,never too far for the sake of sane.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|The seven there are, warriors all.	Do not do wrong or their blade will fall,	Their appearances shrouded,	Their approach, clouded.	Against evil they fight.	Power and magic are their might.	They serve only one.	If you expose their identity - run.	Secrecy is their defense.	If the truth escapes, Death will commence.
Rochelle H. Ragnarok, The Boy with the Koi Tattoo|My dear, I don't care what they do, so long as they don't do it in the street and frighten the horses
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|Listen first, then sell.
Jim Henson|My only companion from the outside world during nineteen years of isolation has been my personal hatred of Thursday Next. It's kind of like the old me suddenly taking over, and I promised myself that this was how I would act if I ever saw you.' 'I have the same thing, but with Tom Stoppard,' I said. 'You'd kill Tom Stoppard?' 'Not at all. I promised myself many years ago that I would throw myself at his feet and scream "I'm not worthy!" if I ever met him, so now if we're ever at the same party or something, I have to be at pains to avoid him. It would be undignified, you see—for him and for me.
Jack Prelutsky|We all need ways to express ourselves, and poetry is one of mine.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Then in a great crash they threw themselves to the floor, ears flopped down, the whites of their eyes showing, looking the way only a dog can look who is totally disappointed. Indeed, they were the very pictures of disappointment.
René Girard|The ultimate truth is mystical truth, the ultimate reality is sacred chaos.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Let's take it as a "A" and "B" player. What if "A" decide to kill "B", "A" think that "B" is a evil guy... But "B" think that "A" is Evil so....
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey|Blessed with the love of a good man, I felt equal to anything
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|At this, Gansey rolled over onto his back and folded his hands on his chest. He wore a salmon polo shirt, which, in Blue’s opinion, was far more hellish than anything they’d discussed to this point.
Sue Bender, Plain and Simple: A Journey to the Amish|Perhaps each of us has a starved place, and each of us knows deep down what we need to fill that place. To find the courage to trust and honor the search, to follow the voice that tells us what we need to do, even when it doesn't seem to make sense, is a worthy pursuit.
pfano percy rathogwa|If there is only nothingness after death, what’s the point of this world?
Robert Greene, The 33 Strategies of War|Understand: your mind is weaker than your emotions. But you become aware of this weakness only in moments of adversity--precisely the time whenyou need strength. What best equips you to cope with tthe heat of battle is neither more knowledge nor moreintellect. What makes your mind stronger, and moreable to control your emotions, is internal disciplineand toughness.No one can teach you this skill; you cannot learn it by reading about it. Like any discipline, it can come only through practice, experience, even a little suffering.
Jessica Soffer, Tomorrow There Will Be Apricots|And that's what love is, I suppose. The one thing that is most worth hoping for, and the one thing that's most surprising when it lands. Because it's better. It exceeds hope, makes hope nearsighted.
H.L. Sudler, Summerville|Before the autumn of our years, there exists a time when we struggle to reconcile what we are with what we wish to be. This time can be known as summer. After spring gives us life, before winter takes it away.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We will be a mighty nation, if we build each other.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Curiosity may have killed the cat, but it saved my ass.
Hilda van Stockum, The Winged Watchman|Pleasure and pain are immediate; knowledge, retrospective. A steel ball, suspended on a string, smacks into its brothers and nothing happens: no shock of recognition, no sudden epiphany. We go about our business, buttering the toast, choosing gray socks over brown. But here's the thing: just because we haven't understood something doesn't mean we haven't been shaped by it.
Mary Balogh, Bespelling Jane Austen|Emotion,' she told him, 'is not a reliable guide for our words and actions.''There you are wrong,' he said. 'Deep, true emotion is our surest guide. We make our greatest mistake when we allow our heads to rules ours hearts.''Emotion is our human weakness.,' she said, 'reason our strength.''And love,' he said, 'is our destiny.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sometimes we get way too fixated on how powerful sin is and how weak we are. We worry that if we relax for a second, we'll mess up royally and ruin everything. Ironically, our paranoia only serves to make us more conscious of our sinfulness.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Ain't no deserving, or otherwise,' Silo said, his bass voice rolling out from deep in his chest. 'There's what is, and what ain't, and there's what you do about it. Regret's just a way to make you feel okay when you're not making amends. A man can waste a life with regrets.
Kris Carr|It's hard to be humble, when you're as great as I am.
Ruby Wax|If the worst that happens is that I wake up and see a picture of myself and a headline saying, 'He wasn't very funny last night', then I've got nothing to complain about.
Tony Campolo|Jesus never says to the poor: ‘come find the church’, but he says to those of us in the church: ‘go into the world and find the poor, hungry, homeless, imprisoned.
Anonymous, The New Testament|Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love.
Lora Mathis|Mental illness is a physical illness, not some disease that enters the minds of the weak or characterless. Like cancer can happen to anyone, let's start treating mental illnesses as what they are, devastating diseases. ~ Sherry Hunter
Tracy Deebs|I believe it was the great ogre philosopher Gary who observed that complexity is, generally speaking, an illusion of conscious desire. All things exist in as simple a form as necessity dictates. When a thing is labeled 'complex,' that's just a roundabout way of saying you're not observant enough to understand it.
Melyssa Winchester, Count on Me|Outside, he had a sudden feeling that at moments there was too much light for human eyes. It caused men to feel weak and befuddled.
Dane Brookes|... the emerging digital entertainment economy is going to be radically different from today's mass market. If the twentieth-century entertainment industry was about hits, the twenty-first will be equally about niches. For too long we've been suffering the tyranny of lowest-common-denominator far, subjected to brain-dead summer blockbusters and manufactured pop. Why? Economics. Many of our assumptions about popular taste are actually artifacts of poor supply-and-demand matching - a market response to inefficient distribution.
Christopher    Rice|Everyday is a bank account, and time is our currency. No one is rich, no one is poor, we've got 24 hours each.
Amit Kalantri|Complements from your companion will do you no good, but if you get complements from your competitors it means you are really doing good.
Bill Gates|I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot.
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|But I recall the springtime of the world as though it were yesterday—those days when we rode together to battle, and those nights when we shook the stars loose from the fresh-painted skies!
Andrea Bird (founder of The X & Y Foundation of NC, Inc)|Unsettling because it reveals some possible branch of evolution in which sex organs will no longer exist. The bots won’t need them, and perhaps without them, the entire concept of gender will disappear.
Elizabeth Hoyt|All jobs are odd, or they would be games or naps or picnics.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|The greatest challenge of parenting is in the inner work it requires: the strength and confidence in believing that we are not in control of, but the answer for our children.
Rob R Morris|We are not defined by the adversities in our lives, we are defined by how we manage them.
Eve Best|A person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it, then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion.
C.J. Sansom, Revelation|Many [Tudor-era religious radicals] believed then, exactly as Christian fundamentalists do today, that they lived in the 'last days' before Armageddon and, again just as now, saw signs all around in the world that they took as certain proof that the Apocalypse was imminent. Again like fundamentalists today, they looked on the prospect of the violent destruction of mankind without turning a hair. The remarkable similarity between the first Tudor Puritans and the fanatics among today's Christian fundamentalists extends to their selective reading of the Bible, their emphasis on the Book of Revelation, their certainty of their rightness, even to their phraseology. Where the Book of Revelation is concerned, I share the view of Guy, that the early church fathers released something very dangerous on the world when, after much deliberation, they decided to include it in the Christian canon."]
Frederic M. Perrin, Rafi's Song and the Stones of Erebus - Mom's Choice Award Recipient/The Eric Hoffer Awards Winner|Hope was never meant to beA future shared alone,As life cannot be won or lostIt was never ours to own.
Douglas Tallamy|Some believe what separates men from animals is our ability to reason. Others say it’s language or romantic love, or opposable thumbs. Living here in this lost world, I’ve come to believe it is more than our biology. What truly makes us human is our unending search, our abiding desire for immortality.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|The mid-19th century was noted for a partisan, rather than a consensus press, but this partisanship was able to turn out voters consistently.
Robert Shea, All Things Are Lights|But before you set out to make your mark, you should ask yourself, "For whom will this be done?
Judith Kohnen, One Chance, One Moment|In most cases, it's not what you do but what you don't do that delivers you to a state of personal power.
DrDLN|A man came to Budha and said, "I want happiness". Budha replied" Remove 'I", its your ego,Remove "want" its you source of misery, Now you are left with "happiness".
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Self-love is an unfolding process that gains strength over time, not a goal with a fixed end point.
P.B. Kerr, The Akhenaten Adventure|I became a chameleon. My color didn't change, but I could change your perception of my color. If you spoke Zulu, I replied to you in Zulu. If you spoke to me in Tswana, I replied to you in Tswana. Maybe I didn't look like you, but if I spoke like you, I was you.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|I am no wise man. Every day shows me how little I know about life, and how wrong I can be. But there are things I know to be true. I know I will die. And I know that the only sane response to such a horror is to love.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|That’s the thing about pain, it demands to be felt.
Karl Barth|In a bid for change, we have to take off our coats, be prepared to lose our comfort and security, our jobs and positions of prestige, and our families... A struggle without casualties is no struggle.
Pat Riley, The Winner Within|It’s true, though, others won’t understand me. I know that. I’m still an alien in the American Christian subculture.Each evening I retreat from it, and I go straight to the Gospels.It's not out of duty that I read about Jesus; it's a respite.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|Wicked eyes are not a good prospect for seminary boys. They want a gentle, soft sort of wife, not a wife who looks as though she may sprout wings and carry off the young children of the village. ~Maria "Smythe
John Piper|Not called!' did you say?'Not heard the call,' I think you should say.Put your ear down to the Bible, and hear Him bid you go and pull sinners out of the fire of sin. Put your ear down to the burdened, agonized heart of humanity, and listen to its pitiful wail for help. Go stand by the gates of hell, and hear the damned entreat you to go to their father's house and bid their brothers and sisters and servants and masters not to come there. Then look Christ in the face — whose mercy you have professed to obey — and tell Him whether you will join heart and soul and body and circumstances in the march to publish His mercy to the world.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|But no sooner had he made it clear to himself and his friends that she hardly had a good feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. To this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying. Though he had detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness. (6.12)
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|You're much shorter than my mom.""Brat," she said, surprised into a giggle."That's no way to talk to a vampire.""Bloodsucking brat.""Better" he said.
Amanda Palmer, The Art of Asking; or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Let People Help|Those who choose not to empathise enable real monsters. For without ever committing an act of outright evil ourselves, we collude with it, through our own apathy.
David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|Hell, yes," Dev says, sitting up now. "Don't get me wrong - we're totally going to make the beast with two backs tonight. But if we do it right, it's going to feel like holding hands.
Kamal Benslimane Soufiane|…it was not whim or wildness which made me go, but a sudden clear realization that tho you were the first man of importance to me, you could not be the last. — Gwendolyn MacEwen to Milton Acorn, 1963 (age 21)
Josiah P. Mendum|[Obituary of atheist philosopher Richard Robinson]An Atheist's Values is one of the best short accounts of liberalism (a term Robinson accepted) and humanism (a term he ignored) produced during the present century, all the more powerful for its lucidity and moderation, its wit and wisdom. It may now seem old-fashioned, but during those confused alarms of struggle and fight between the ignorant armies of left and right, thousands of readers must have taken inspiration from Richard Robinson's rational defence of rationalism.It is a pity that it is now out of print, when there is still so much nonsense and so little sense in the world.
William Ernest Henley, A Selection of Poems|Out of the starless night that covers me, (O tribulation of the wind that rolls!) Black as the cloud of some tremendous spell, The susurration of the sighing sea Sounds like the sobbing whisper of two souls That tremble in a passion of farewell.To the desires that trebled life in me, (O melancholy of the wind that rolls!) The dreams that seemed the future to foretell, The hopes that mounted herward like the sea, To all the sweet things sent on happy souls, I cannot choose but bid a mute farewell.And to the girl who was so much to me (O lamentation of this wind that rolls!) Since I may not the life of her compel, Out of the night, beside the sounding sea, Full of the love that might have blent our souls, A sad, a last, a long, supreme farewell.
Steve Maraboli|Never give your opinion on someone's writing unless they ask sincerely, and never ask for someone's opinion unless you're sincere.
Pierce Brosnan|In terms of instilling the values of mental toughness and work ethic, discipline is the gift that keeps on giving.
B. C. Forbes|When Britain first at Heaven's command  Arose from out the azure main  This was the charter of the land  And Guardian angels sung this strain  "Rule Britannia! rule the waves  Britons never will be slaves."
Tony Crabbe, Busy: How to Thrive in a World of Too Much|When the bullseye becomes as big as an elephant in your mind, you won’t be able to miss it.
Tal Boldo|Tapping a little bell, I leaned on the desk and turned to look at a small, traditionally decorated Christmas tree on a table near the entranceway. It was complete with shiny, egg-fragile bulbs; miniature candy canes; flat, laughing Santas with arms wide; a star on top nodding awkwardly against the delicate shoulder of an upper branch; and colored lights that bloomed out of flower-shaped sockets. For some reason this seemed to me a sorry little piece.
Nella Larsen, Passing|When we don’t put the brakes on our self-absorption, we have nothing stopping us from total self-destruction. We become the fruits of our actions.
Katrina Kaif|Everyone has attitude, and I think everyone should have attitude. But I know I have attitude, but that's just, I think if you don't have attitude, it comes only with self confidence. So if you don't have self confidence, you won't have attitude, and I think there's a difference when you have attitude and when you have arrogance.
Shannon L. Alder|Now yes, yes, creation sometimes screams a confusing message—fear, pain, grief. Fire burns, rivers flood, winds go hurricane, the earth shudders so hard it levels cities. But you must remember—this was not so in Eden. Mankind fell, surrendering this earth to the evil one. St. Paul says that creation groans for the day of its restoration (see Rom. 8:18–22), making it clear that everything is not as it was meant to be. People come to terrible conclusions when they assume this world is exactly as God intended. (An assumption that has wrought havoc in the sciences.) The earth is broken.Which only makes the beauty that does flow so generously that much more astounding. And reassuring.
Dar Williams|I always spend time exploring the customs and attitudes of the countries I'm using for locations, and interviewing the people who live there. I've visited over 90 countries thus far.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, 21 Steps to Better Relationships: Find More Balance with Others|If I lost the ability to speak, what would my life be saying?
David Markson, Wittgenstein's Mistress|Although one curious thing that might sooner or later cross the woman's mind would be that she had paradoxically been practically as alone before all of this had happened as she was now, incidentally. Well, this being an autobiographical novel I can categorically verify that such a thing would sooner or later cross her mind, in fact. One manner of being alone simply being different from another manner of being alone, being all that she would finally decide that this came down to, as well. Which is to say that even when one's telephone still does function one can be as alone as when it does not.
Peter De Vries|I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever!
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Getting even… Why do we want it in the first place? Is it a question of honor, nothing but an attempt to teach other people not to mess with us, or something else?Or… maybe it is just our way to make everything right when the Universe fails to do so.Our way to make the world right itself.
Nikki Rowe|Like a wild flower; she spent her days, allowing herself to grow, not many knew of her struggle, but eventually all; knew of her light.
Joseph Campbell, Sukhavati|We're in a free fall into the future. We don't know where we're going. Things are changing so fast. And always when you're going through a long tunnel, anxiety comes along. But all you have to do to transform your hell into a paradise is to turn your fall into a voluntary act. It's a very interesting shift of perspective . . . Joyfully participate in the sorrows of the world and everything changes.
Anthony Liccione|We are soon approaching a refined holiday, "Merry Mas," where Christ will be taken out of its context.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|When spiritual seeking becomes too complicated, its exercies too elaborated, its doctrines too esoteric, it becomes also too artificial and the resulting achievements too fabricated. It is the beginners and intermediates who carry this heavy and unnecessary burden, who involve themselves to the point of becoming neurotics.
Haruki Murakami, Underground: The Tokyo Gas Attack and the Japanese Psyche|The august international organizations charged with preserving peace and human dignity in the world—the UN, the EU, among others—would have preferred that terrorist atrocities be limited to Israel. However, once the intentional mass murder of innocent civilians was legitimized against Israel, it was legitimized everywhere, constrained by nothing more than the strongly held beliefs of those who would become the mass murderers. Because the Palestinians were encouraged by most of the world to believe that the murder of innocent Israeli civilians is a legitimate tactic to advance the Palestinian nationalist cause, the Islamists believe that they may commit mass murder anywhere in the world to advance their holy cause. As a result, we suffer from a plague of Islamic terrorism, from Moscow to Madrid, from Bali to Beslan, from Nairobi to New York, authored and perfected by the Palestinians. Israel and the United States are not separate targets of Islamic terrorism. The whole world is its target. Israel and the United States share the bull’s-eye.
Dean Kamen|Society does not consist of individuals but expresses the sum of interrelations, the relations within which these individuals stand.
Rodman Philbrick, Freak the Mighty|Books are like truth serum-- if you don't read, you can't figure out what's real.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom frees men, even if they are in prison.
Gugu Mona|Never let anything be a set back in your life, not even your thoughts, words nor actions.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda: v. 3|Never say, "O Lord, I am a miserable sinner." Who will help you? You are the help of the universe. What in this universe can help you? What can prevail over you? You are the God of the universe; where can you seek for help? Never help came from anywhere but from yourself. In your ignorance, every prayer that you made and that was answered, you thought was answered by some Being, but you answered the prayer yourself unknowingly. The help came from yourself, and you fondly imagined that someone was sending help to you. There is no help for you outside of yourself; you are the creator of the universe. Like the silkworm, you have built a cocoon around yourself. Who will save you? Burst your own cocoon and come out as a beautiful butterfly, as the free soul. Then alone you will see Truth.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|If there is a God and future life, there is truth and good, and man's highest happiness consists in striving to attain them. We must live, we must love, and we must believe that we live not only today on this scrap of earth, but have lived and shall live
Yasmin Lahda|Grandmother trains me when to slip and slide and change, and when to remain inert. She tells me, "It is true, women are the keepers. We are keepers of silverware, the bites of savouries in our broth. We are the sole keepers of the keys to the almari. But child, what we really excel at is adapting. Outward, we appear fixed, planted as feet, but we are also amphibians, pulling our families through land and sea when catastrophe strikes.
Lynsay Sands, Vampire, Interrupted|Okay, why don't we practice your talking with Marguerite? OUT LOUD. I'll be her."Julius stared at him blankly. "Now?""No, I was thinking maybe next April. Then you could maybe give her a call, arrange a date..."He arched his eyebrow in question, and snapped, "Yes, NOW.
Yuuri Eda, 恋とは呼べない 1 [Koi to wa Yobenai 1]|Wen grinned and I felt a warm glow and an odd dizzy sensation. And then I remembered something my dad once wrote me about falling in love. He said the phrase was apt because falling is exactly what it can feel like, as if you've finally allowed yourself to let go of some safety bar you didn't even know you were clinging to, and suddenly you find yourself tumbling towards the exciting unknown.
Debasish Mridha|Be gentle, confident and action-oriented. Remember, your actions will make a difference.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Forgiving: The Fourfold Path for Healing Ourselves and Our World|This is what healing demands. Behavior that is hurtful, shameful, abusive, or demeaning must be brought into the fierce light of truth, and truth can be brutal.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|I’ve never had a reason to survive—no reason to question the way things were. I lived because I was told to…now I live because I want to. I survive because I want to know what is outside the deception we’re buried in, and I want to experience it with you. You’re the only person I’ve ever trusted, and now you’re the reason I’m going to fight. I don’t know how we’re going to make it out of here, but we’ll find a way. We’ll find a better life.
Brynn Myers, Falling Out of Focus|Oliver reached up for my hand and led me back into the living room area. “Can we try something?” I rolled my eyes. “Do I really have a choice?”“You always have a choice, Novi,” Oliver said.
Thomas Jefferson|If it is believed that these elementary schools will be better managed by the governor and council or any other general authority of the government, than by the parents within each ward, it is a belief against all experience.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The church is a storehouse of spiritual food whereby the inner man is fed, nourished, and developed into maturity. If it fails, it is not fulfilling its purpose as a church.
Munia Khan|The problem is not in the sugar when it tastes bitter, the problem is with the tongue.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|In that silence, I dream to be.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|When the love-led man had ceased from his labours Bathsheba came and looked him in the face.'Gabriel, will you you stay on with me?' she said, smiling winningly, and not troubling to bring her lips quite together again at the end, because there was going to be another smile soon.'I will,' said Gabriel.And she smiled on him again.
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|Your very eyes. How they have always been for me the command to obey, the inviolable and beautiful commandment. No, no, I'm not telling lies. Your appearance in the doorway!...You have been my body's health. Whenever I have read a book, it was you I was reading, not the book, you were the book. You were, you were.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the darkness time, the soul evolves to give light to the spirit.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|I don’t know where I’m going on this path. I don’t know what I’m doing with my life. You had to be lost, before you could be found. These are the truths. You had to be confused, before you could find clarity; you had to suffer, before you could find peace. These were the only ways, life could happen. Of course you were confused before you found clarity. If you weren't confused, then you would already be clear. Of course you were lost before you were found. If you were already found, then you wouldn't be lost. Of course there would be suffering before peace. If there was already peace, then there wouldn't be suffering. One necessarily came before the other.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Only human can learn from others’ mistakes, and one who doesn’t, ceases to become a human.
Robert Olen Butler, Hell|Shakespeare's Iago could be played as a soul in hell, driven, dark and desperate, willing to do anything, willing to use anyone, in order to escape from that hell.
Jonathan Potter|Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Michael  Grant|That's right. Endgame. The FAYZ barrier is coming down; at least that's my bet. But there's also a ninety percent chance you and me both end up dead. Ten percent chance we both actually get out alive. In which case we end up sharing a cell somewhere." He laughed. "Kind of unfair, really, what with me being evil and all, and you just so darned virtuous and heroic.
Tielle St. Clare, Shadow's Embrace|Tell me what you want?” His breath was warm against her lips.“I want you.”“How? Give me permission, tell me it’s okay to strip you naked, kiss you wherever the need takes me, and f**k you until you can’t see straight.”“Yes, yes, please, all of that.
Sabrina Carpenter|I think it's difficult for young people to acknowledge being smart, to knowledge being a reader. I see kids who are embarrassed to read books. They're embarrassed to have people see them doing it.
Dorothy L. Sayers|Has it ever struck you as odd, or unfortunate, that today, when the proportion of literacy is higher than it has ever been, people should have become susceptible to the influence of advertisement and mass propaganda to an extent hitherto unheard of and unimagined?...Have you ever, in listening to a debate among adult and presumably responsible people, been fretted by the extraordinary inability of the average debater to speak to the question, or to meet and refute the arguments of speakers on the other side?...And when you think of this, and think that most of our public affairs are settled by debates and committees, have you ever felt a certain sinking of the heart?...Is not the great defect of our education today---a defect traceable through all the disquieting symptoms of trouble that I have mentioned---that although we often succeed in teaching our pupils "subjects," we fail lamentably on the whole in teaching them how to think: they learn everything, except the art of learning.
Ian Leslie|Sir Ken Robinson’s 2008 talk on educational reform—entitled “Do Schools Kill Creativity?”—has now been viewed more than 4 million times. In it Robinson cites the fact that children’s scores on standard tests of creativity decline as they grow older and advance through the educational system. He concludes that children start out as curious, creative individuals but are made duller by factory-style schools that spend too much time teaching children academic facts and not enough helping them express themselves. Sir Ken clearly cares greatly about the well-being of children, and he is a superb storyteller, but his arguments about creativity, though beguilingly made, are almost entirely baseless.
Karen Marie Moning|Words can be twisted into any shape. Promises can be made to lull the heart and seduce the soul. In the final analysis, words mean nothing. They are labels we give things in an effort to wrap our puny little brains around their underlying natures, when ninety-nine percent of the time the totality of the reality is an entirely different beast. The wisest man is the silent one. Examine his actions. Judge him by them.
Rob Martin|Respect the past, and prepare for the future by taking action in the present.
Erskine Caldwell|You don't love Buck. If you did, you'd have four kids by now. Wouldn't you? Now wouldn't you? A woman like you...
Gary M. Douglas, Blessed Possibilities|When you tap into the energy of possibility, there is always something greater than potential can give you.
Theodore Roosevelt|Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She was like a lone angel floating above the surface of the earth, laughing with delight because she could fly but crying out of loneliness.
Richard Paul Evans|The thing is, the only real sign of life is growth. And growth requires pain. So to choose life is to accept pain. Some people go to such lengths to avoid pain that they give up on life. They bury their hearts, or they drug or drink themselves numb until they don’t’ feel anything anymore. The irony is, in the end their escape becomes more painful than what they’re avoiding.
C. J. Sansom|However much one lacks piety, the atmosphere in a graveyard encourages quiet reflection.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Still, beauty can mask deadly danger.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|What's with that?” Butters screamed, his voice high and frightened. “Just covering his head with his arms? Didn't he see the lawyer in the movie?
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Scores of high-powered men and women are addicted to substances or destructive addictive patterns of behaviour. As a matter of fact, it is easier to hide one’s addiction while maintaining a high-powered position compared to the addicts and alcoholics we see sleeping on street corners.
G.M. Jackson, Debunking Darwin's God: A Case Against BioLogos and Theistic Evolution|Our responsibility has never been to moralize the unconverted; it's to convert the immoral. Our responsibility is redemptive, not political. We do not have a moral agenda; we have a redemptive agenda. We can't reform the kingdom of darkness that Satan rules.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|The smallest things get to her. It's as if she assumes everything will go right, and when it doesn't -- which, of course, is pretty often -- she is surprised and affronted.
K.M.Docherty|No one can be your sun, moon, or stars until you have your own world.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|The situation was extraordinary. How someone like Evangeline Jenner could have wrought such a change in St. Vincent, the most worldly of men, was difficult to understand. However, Westcliff had learned that the mysteries of attraction could not always be explained through logic. Sometimes the fractures in two separate souls became the very hinges that held them together.
Vivienne Westwood|I've no idea when I'm going to wear it, the girl replied calmly. I only knew that I had to have it. Once I tried it on, well... She shrugged. The dress claimed me.
Paul M. Rand, Highly Recommended: Harnessing the Power of Word of Mouth and Social Media to Build Your Brand and Your Business|Active participation on LinkedIn is the best way to say, 'Look at me!' without saying 'Look at me!
Adrian Tan|There’s a common misconception that work is necessary. You will meet people working at miserable jobs. They tell you they are “making a living”. No, they’re not. They’re dying, frittering away their fast-extinguishing lives doing things which are, at best, meaningless and, at worst, harmful.
Samuel Butler, The Way of All Flesh|If people who are in a difficulty will only do the first little reasonable thing which they can clearly recognize as reasonable, they will always find the next step more easy both to see and take.
Debasish Mridha|When you love, you change the world.You bring tranquility, harmony, and joy.You attract beauty of angel inside you.Your heart sings the song of love.When you love, lover is loving you.When you love, you change the worldYou bring tranquility, harmony and joyYou attract beauty of angel inside youYour heart sings the song of loveWhen you love lover is loving you.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Not caring is absolute freedom, and if you own it, all the way, it emits supreme confidence.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|And when you love people, you hate the fact that they’re being treated unfairly. You tell the truth. You sacrifice your popularity for integrity. There is a willingness to give your life back to the people given that, in the end, they basically gave it to you, because we are who we are because somebody loved us anyway.
Carol Matas, Daniel's Story|We are alive. We are human, with good and bad in us. That's all we know for sure. We can't create a new species or a new world. That's been done. Now we have to live within those boundaries . What are our choices? We can despair and curse, and change nothing. We can choose evil like our enemies have done and create a world based on hate. Or we can try to make things better.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|If you’re given a dirty look, wash it and give it back.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|They ask me, what will change if we change the perspective?I replied, “Everything.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|You should author the narration of your life and organization. If you don't, someone will, and you may not like it.
Alex Campbell|Stiletto, I look at it more as an attitude as opposed to a high-heeled shoe.
Richard Ford, Canada|Secret ceremonies in which malevolent men and women cloaked in hooded robes, hiding behind painted faces and chanting demonic incantations while inflicting sadistic wounds on innocent children lying on makeshift alters, or tied to inverted crosses, sounds like the stuff of which B-grade horror movies are made. Some think amoral religious cults only populate the world of Rosemary's Baby, but don't exist in real life. Or, do they? Ask Jenny Hill.
R.C. Sproul, What Is Reformed Theology?: Understanding the Basics|In American religion, as in ancient Gnosticism, there is almost no sense of God’s difference from us—in other words, his majesty, sovereignty, self-existence, and holiness. God is my buddy, my inmost experience, or the power source for my living my best life now.
John Krasinski|Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny!
Laura Fraser|I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I was told that there was nothing for me but to come here. But, as with life itself, it may not be our choice to come, but it is our choice to leave.
Debasish Mridha|Trust yourself, and remember you are a miracle.
Esther M. Friesner, My Big Fat Supernatural Wedding|If one cannot learn from the mistakes of others, one might as well become a Democrat.
Shannon L. Alder|If you hold onto a man hoping someone else won't get them you have learned how to be desperate, not wise.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|If one's different, one's bound to be lonely.
Stone Sour, Stonesour|Every poem is an infant labored into birth and I am drenched with sweating effort, tired from the pain and hurt of being a man, in the poem I transform myself into a woman.
Milton Friedman|He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.
Kristin Walker, A Match Made in High School|I'm telling you, you really should stick to mating within your species, whatever that is.''I would,' I said, 'but unfortunately, there are no gorgeous, all-powerful, all-knowing gods around here. I'd even settle for a demigod. It's a step down, I know. But alas, there are nothing but low-brained mortals here. And half-brains, like you.
John Stuart Mill|Courage enlarges, cowardice diminishes resources. In desperate straits the fears of the timid aggravate the dangers that imperil the brave.
Adrienne Rich, The Dream of a Common Language|No one has imagined us. We want to live like trees,sycamores blazing through the sulfuric air,dappled with scars, still exuberantly budding,our animal passion rooted in the city.
George Burns|The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
Dada Bhagwan|Sincerity’ and ‘morality’ is the main road to go to God, the rest are the ‘by-ways’.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 2: Lust for Life|Yesterday, here in the middle of the City, I saw a wolf turn into a Russian ex-gymnast and hand over a business card that read YOUR OWN PERSONAL TRANSHUMAN SECURITY WHORE! STERILIZED INNARDS! ACCEPTS ALL CREDIT CARDS to a large man who had trained attack cancers on his face and possessed seventy-five indentured Komodo Dragons instead of legs. And they had sex. Right in front of me. And six of the Komodo Dragons spat napalm on my new shoes.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Do you mind,” he asked politely, “if I slide my blade under your skin, just a little?
Dougie Brimson, Billy's Log. The Hilarious Diary of One Man's Struggle With Life, Lager and the Female Race|To be fair, her expected hatred of all things male has not materialised because it is clear that she simply dislikes everyone. I suspect that this is an attempt to remain aloof from the minions but it has backfired badly. The women, who were looking upon her as a potential saviour, now regard her as a traitor to her sex. The blokes are just relieved.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I grabbed hold of my Divergence like it was a hand outstretched to save me. I needed that word to tell me who I was when everything else was coming apart around me. But now I'm wondering if I need it anymore, if we ever really need these words, 'Dauntless,' 'Erudite,' 'Divergent,' "Allegiant,' or if we can just be friends or lovers or siblings, defined instead by the choices we make and the love and loyalty that binds us.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Perhaps I am too tame, too domestic a magician. But how does one work up a little madness? I meet with mad people every day in the street, but I never thought before to wonder how they got mad. Perhaps I should go wandering on lonely moors and barren shores. That is always a popular place for lunatics - in novels and plays at any rate. Perhaps wild England will make me mad.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESSBefore you were born,And were still too tiny forThe human eye to see,You won the race for lifeFrom among 250 million competitors.And yet,How fast you have forgottenYour strength,When your very existenceIs proof of your greatness.You were born a winner,A warrior,One who defied the oddsBy surviving the most gruesomeBattle of them all.And now that you are a giant,Why do you even doubt victoryAgainst smaller numbers,And wider margins?The only walls that exist,Are those you have placed in your mind.And whatever obstacles you conceive,Exist only because you have forgottenWhat you have alreadyAchieved.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Once faith dies, the death of hope follows hard on its heels.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|On this day, take time to remember those who have fallen. But on every day after, do more; put the freedoms they died for to greater and nobler uses.
Alexandra Bogdanovic, Truth Be Told: Adam Becomes Audrey|Somehow the idyllic existence I envisioned never quite came to pass, but aside from the occasional culinary disaster, my marriage wasn't bad.
J. Ryan Stradal, Kitchens of the Great Midwest|She prayed to the gods of love and the gods of destruction, for they are one and the same.
Deyth Banger|The enemy of my enemy is my friend, men said, but the enemy of my friend is my enemy.
Anna Aquino|Nosey gossiping church members were sucking out my passion for life leaving me an irritable shell of what I felt called to do on this earth. Surely that hadn’t been God’s will. The comfortable stuffy American church needed to wake up from their petty problems, and see what it was like for two minutes for Christians in the rest of the world.
Addison Moore, Whiskey Kisses|The past, with its monstrous depth and span, reached toward him, demanding an understanding that he simply could not give it. His mind was too young and too narrow to withstand the onrush of her life.
Pam Farrel, Woman of Influence: Ten Traits of Those Who Want to Make a Difference|admitted I was powerless over food,that my life had become uninhabitable.Sure, there are folks who speak of livesunmanageable, but my life was always that!It took more to push me to the admission.I had a Hell Year when I turned 50and it took me another ten to reach the crevice,to fall off the edge, to give up and gowhere a counselor had directed me for years,to the rooms of recovery. I knew she was rightbut I wasn’t broken enough to go. Unmanageable,I could life in. Uninhabitable I couldn’t.I fought it for nigh on sixty yearsbut when I finally couldn’t keep on pretending,continue making do, I found what I needed,what I could finally accept, and soar out of thereto recovery.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|In every relationship, you can always see the ego of the other, but you cannot see your own – and the other one goes on seeing your ego.
Jay Woodman|Let's forgive someone for Valentines day, it's a great way to show love, and forgive yourself too for the hurt you held onto.
Stephen Richards|When you send out a powerful thought into the universe, you send out ripples to all parts of it which come back to you, reflecting what it is you sent out.
Cheryl Strayed, Brave Enough|Transformation isn't a butterfly. It's the thing before you get to be a pretty bug flying away. It's huddling in the dark cocoon and then pushing your way out. It's the messy work of making sense of your fortunes and misfortunes, desires and doubts, hang-ups and sorrows, actions and accidents, mistakes and successes, so you can go on and become the person you must next become.
Emily Giffin, Baby Proof|I still think I love him more. It's one of those things you never know for certain because there's no way to enter all the relationship data in a computer and have it spit out a definitive answer. You can't quantify love, and if you try, you wind up focusing on misleading factors.
Norman Lamm|Indian religion has always felt that since the minds, the temperaments and the intellectual affinities of men are unlimited in their variety, a perfect liberty of thought and of worship must be allowed to the individual in his approach to the Infinite.
Lucia Perillo, Inseminating the Elephant|The greatest relationships are those in which love is not treated as a noun, but as a verb; with romance not viewed as a burden, but lived as a poem.
Chris Evans|We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.
Victor Pinchuk|I always imagined myself somehow as an electron around some atom, and you're just, like, bouncing around and spinning. There was a never-ending supply of places to go, people to see, things to do, and fitting it all in became kind of an art.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|All human behavior, all human motivations, all man’s hopes and fears, were heavily colored and largely controlled by mankind’s tragic and oddly beautiful pattern of reproduction.
Shayne Colaco, Nightmare|There was no right or wrong during war. The setting sun made me realize that the ones who would live to see a new day would be the ones who are victorious. As with all the history of this world, the ones who won were always right.
Tana French, The Secret Place|Like, okay. Everyone in history thought they were the ones who finally knew everything. In their naissance, right, they were positive they knew exactly how the universe worked. Til the next set of guys came along and proved they were missing like a hundred important things. and then that set of guys were sure they had it all down, til another set came along and showed them parts they were missing." He glances at Julia, checking if she's laughing at him, which she isn't, and if she's listening, which she is, completely. "So." he says, "it's pretty unlikely, mathematically, that we are living in the one single era that has everything figured out. Which means there's a decent possibility that the reason we can't explain how ghosts and stuff could exist is because we haven't figured it out yet, not because they don't. And it is pretty arrogant of us to think it definitely has to be the other way around.
John Green|Why do writers use symbolism?” Okay, so let’s say you have a headache and you wanna tell someone about it and you say, “I have a headache!” and other people are like, “Yeah, whatever. Everybody gets headaches.” But your headache is not a regular headache, it’s a serious headache, so you say, “My brain is on fire!” to try to help these people understand that this is a headache that needs attention! That’s a metaphor, right? And you use it so that you can be understood. Now let’s say you want to take those same imagistic principles but apply them to a much more complex idea than having a headache, like, for instance, the yearning that one feels for one’s dreams. And you can see the dream but you can’t cross the bay to get to the green light that embodies your dream. And you want to talk about how socio-economic class in America is a barrier – a bay-like barrier, some would say – that stands between you and the green light and makes that gap unbridgeable. Now, you can just talk about that stuff directly, but when you talk about it symbolically, it becomes more powerful, because instead of being abstract it becomes kind of observable…. So I think that’s why.
S.K. Tremayne|We're all astronauts, really, aren't we; interstellar astronauts, travelling so far into the blackness we can never return.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|Being, as the basic theme of philosophy, is no class or genus of entities; yet it pertains to every entity. Its 'universality' is to be sought higher up. Being and the structure of Being lie beyond every entity and every possible character which an entity may possess. *Being is a transcendens pure and simple*. And the transcendence of Dasein's Being is distinctive in that it implies the possibility and the necessity of the most radical *individuation*. Every disclosure of Being as the *transcendens* is *transcendental* knowledge. *Phenomenological truth (the disclosedness of Being) is veritas transcendentalis*.Ontology and phenomenology are not two distinct philosophical disciplines among others. These terms characterize philosophy itself with regard to its object and its way of treating that object. Philosophy is universal phenomenological ontology, and takes its departure from the hermeneutic of Dasein, which, as an analytic of *existence*, has made fast the guide-line for all philosophical inquiry at the point where it *arises* and to which it *returns*."―from_Being and Time_. Translated by John Macquarrie & Edward Robinson, p. 62
Blaise Pascal|Touch. It is touch that is the deadliest enemy of chastity, loyalty, monogamy, gentility with its codes and conventions and restraints. By touch we are betrayed and betray others ... an accidental brushing of shoulders or touching of hands ... hands laid on shoulders in a gesture of comfort that lies like a thief, that takes, not gives, that wants, not offers, that awakes, not pacifies. When one flesh is waiting, there is electricity in the merest contact.
Thomas Gordon, Parent Effectiveness Training: The Proven Program for Raising Responsible Children|The Sun Tzu School (which wrote the Art of War) surely never imagined that their antiwar, pro-empire treatise would become known and accepted after the fall of the first empire as a text on military tactics. Likewise, they would have been surprised to see the Ping-fa military metaphor—an inspired teaching device—come to be seen as the message and not the medium.
Dan Millman|People thought I was very pro-computer. I was on the cover of 'Wired' magazine. Then things began to change. In the early '80s, we met this technology and became smitten like young lovers. But today our attachment is unhealthy.
Oscar Wilde|I'm a risk taker and i've always been like that that, especially when it comes to fashion
Bertrand Russell, Authority and the Individual|Sit down right now. Give me this moment. Write whatever’s running through you. You might start with “this moment” and end up writing about the gardenia you wore at your wedding seven years ago. That’s fine. Don’t try to control it. Stay present with whatever comes up, and keep your hand moving.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, EnjoyLife 360 - Simple Secrets to a Happier Fulfilling Life!|If life is not a celebration, why remember it ? If life --- mine or that of my fellow man --- is not an offering to the other, what are we doing on this earth?
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.
Tara Estacaan|Your reputation has no duplicate. You are one till the end of time. Once it is damaged, a fresh personality cannot spring from the old one.
Trevor Driggers|Maybe if we just lay beneath the stars long enough, all our worries will dissipate into the cosmos. And we can lay there motionless, yet sailing across the stars.
Mensah Oteh|Celebration is capturing and acknowledging the important moments in life through your words, actions and reactions.
Christopher Moore, You Suck|And I was all, "Don't be gross, you crustacious fuck. You pull that thing out and I'll pepper-spray you until you fry." (You have to be stern with weenie waggers--I've been exposed to on the bus over seventeen times, so I know.)
Auliq Ice|When you have a hammer in your hand, everything around you starts looking like a nail.
Michael  Sanders|Each day is filled with promise, potential and possibility.
Louis Zukofsky, Collected Fiction|This time it was the sentence opening the last part of a story I had worked on for months: a sentence as is often worked off paper first. The pace of narrative and interest in character do not readily help the writer's hand to set down a sentence of that order. For though characters must take things in their own stride – somewhere in his story the writer cannot hold back this sentence that judges them. He wants it unobtrusive to his pace and the characters that caused him to write. The difficulty is to judge without seeming to be there, with a finality in the words that will make them casual and part of the story itself, except perhaps to another age.
Milan Kundera, The Festival of Insignificance|My father used to say, “a day spent breathing is a good day
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|Ten years ago I wondered, “How does one travel around the world? How does one step out of a well-established life to follow the dream?” I’ve answered those questions. But now new ones emerge.
Lauren Conrad|Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great.
Mary Ellen Hannibal, Citizen Scientist: Searching for Heroes and Hope in an Age of Extinction|The sky seemed abruptly to have had enough of my dithering and dramatically lightened up around the glowing moon, which retreated like an aging sovereign before the rising sun.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart provides the intuitive desires, for the mind to focus upon then achieve them.
Sylvain Neuvel, Sleeping Giants|North Korean troops gathering… inside North Korea.That is unheard of.""They were massing very close to the border.""North Korea is the size of Ohio. It would be geographically challenging for them to gather very far from the border.
R.J. Blain, Inquisitor|I sighed. “What’s a couple of bullets to the chest when compared to a grenade? Bulletproof vests are great things. Every girl should have one.”Blain, RJ (2014-05-11). Inquisitor (Witch & Wolf Book 1) (Kindle Locations 1452-1453). Pen & Page Publishing. Kindle Edition.
Patty Duke|A wonderful quality about America is that we love redemption stories. We're quick to lash out and assign blame, but we also draw from deep reservoirs of forgiveness.
Charmaine J Forde|As he had once said to someone in England, though he did not care to remember whom, he had liked the sight of the sea because it represented his escape from England. And he had escaped.But she had said that perhaps it was from himself he wished to escape and that it could not be done. For wherever he went, he must inevitably take himself along too.
Andrew Lansley|Using lots of fresh foods, fruits and vegetables, helps to keep the menu buoyant - I don't know if that's the right word, but it keeps a balance of freshness and health.
Charles Ogden|Don't mark up the Library's copy, you fool! Librarians are Unprankable. They'll track you down! They have skills!
Cath Crowley, Words in Deep Blue|The past is with me; the present is here. The future is unmapped and changeable. Ours for the imagining: spreading out before us. Sunlight filled, deep blue, and the darkness.
Myles Munroe|Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?
Debasish Mridha|When life gives you pain, give life your unconditional love.
Donna Grant, Dawn's Desire|He's British," she replied in a whisper. "He thinks he's perfect.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|Sublime delicacy of rose; how wonderful your heart, smells of our love.
Benjamin R.  Smith, June Cleaver Sexual Deviant|After a good roll in the hay, when he’s all peaceful and serene and he hasn’t a worry or a care in the world, and the euphoric calm of release is drifting through his cerebrum, that’s when you broadside him with the cold cruel fact that his life as he knows it is over!
Douglas Adams|I'm on the Internet. I stay informed. They let old people on the Internet, you know.
Norman Borlaug|I have great expectations for the future, because the past was highly overrated.
Charles Stanley|Love always involves responsibility, and love always involves sacrifice. And we do not really love Christ unless we are prepared to face His task and to take up His Cross.
Michael Grant, Gone|Many grim tales stem from your green lands, and still deeds both noble and evil shall yet unfold there.
Leah Price, Unpacking My Library: Writers and Their Books|I do lend my books, but I have to be a bit selective because my marginalia are so incriminating.” --Alison Bechdel
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|Maybe this was a male-female translation problem. I read an article once that said that when women have a conversation, they're communicating on five levels. They follow the conversation that they're actually having, the conversation that is specifically being avoided, the tone being applied to the overt conversation, the buried conversation that is being covered only in subtext, and finally the other person's body language.That is, on many levels, astounding to me. I mean, that's like having a freaking superpower. When I, and most other people with a Y chromosome, have a conversation, we're having a conversation. Singular. We're paying attention to what is being said, considering that, and replying to it. All these other conversations that have apparently been going on for the last several thousand years? I didn't even know that they ~existed~ until I read that stupid article, and I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Awareness, when managed and directed, becomes attention. By turning into attention, awareness becomes localized, and attains a focal point. Because of this feature, attention has the power to direct energy.
Rita Levi-Montalcini|Horror movies are the best date movies. There's no wondering, 'When do I put my arm around her?'
Shawntel Jefferson, Refreshing Winds 31 Day Devotional|If it wasn’t for all those silver wings spread out to help you on your journey, you would’a been dead or someplace screamin’ in a nut house a long time ago.
Carla Reighard, Settlers|I didn't realize I could love her more than I already had, but it seems the more we evolve, the more I can't see my life without her.
Haruna Idowu|You know your flaws, don't hide them. Embrace them.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Lyndon Johnson and the American Dream: The Most Revealing Portrait of a President and Presidential Power Ever Written|-My character and the History of me.From an early age, Marouane wants to take advantage and exploit of all that life can bring. I am the reckless who is always invincible through my childhood, i was very active, effective and curious by nature. I always follow my intuition by trusting in my instincts and asking myself alot of questions and listening to the first answer that pops into my head, this makes me always got the stature of rarely being mistaken, and its makes me different in many ways not mean wrong but equal. My mind is lively and businesslike. In the same time, i got an overview for the environment and how i can get a bearings for it. I saw myself loyal by trusting in my ability to be loyal and being supportive, for no other reason than friendship, and let them know that i am frank and direct in everything i undertake and does not give in to flattery. Seeking to avoid all forms of hypocrisy or false pretenses, it sometimes happens to be cold, abrupt, intolerant and devoid of tact. But deep inside me, i had a great sensitive by paying attention to the person’s face. I tried to be gentle and know how to benefit my loved ones, preferring to testify my devotion and affection by the acts. In love, a certain jealousy allows me and makes me remind my half who will hold for her. Child already, impressed by my vitality and clout and bountiful resources. I got the profile of a leader and captain, at street at school at videogames at everything, cause i was stalwart and authoritarian. I dont like to follow the rules and alot of diabolical ideas over my head, i was considered to be the most influential insensate and always be at the head of the herd. Professionally, with all my capacity, i can fully enjoy all opportunities and chances, my need for action makes me a valuable element in life. I am a man of value who has a heart on his hand, but whoever attempts to abuse or hurt me, i will throw myself at his own risk with one action.
Malcolm Turnbull|Our public school system is our country's biggest and most inefficient monopoly, yet it keeps demanding more and more money.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|The secret to so many artists living so long is that every painting is a new adventure. So, you see, they're always looking ahead to something new and exciting. The secret is not to look back.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|The Princess Andromeda?""Went ka-boom.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Gold, or at least the prospect of it, saved him, then killed him.
Johnny Carson|You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, The Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins|No worst, there is none. Pitched past pitch of grief,More pangs will, schooled at forepangs, wilder wring.Comforter, where, where is your comforting?Mary, mother of us, where is your relief?My cries heave, herds-long; huddle in a main, a chief-woe, world-sorrow; on an age-old anvil wince and sing —Then lull, then leave off. Fury had shrieked 'No ling-ering! Let me be fell: force I must be brief'.O the mind, mind has mountains; cliffs of fallFrightful, sheer, no-man-fathomed. Hold them cheapMay who ne'er hung there. Nor does long our smallDurance deal with that steep or deep. Here! creep,Wretch, under a comfort serves in a whirlwind: allLife death does end and each day dies with sleep.
Robert Vanleeuwen|Devotion to material possession, control or power; is the sole reason for hate. Devotion to the heart ... the sole reason for love.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|To an old father, nothing is more sweet than a daughter. Boys are more spirited, but their ways are not so tender.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|Sadism ... is a massive cultural fact that appeared precisely at the end of the eighteenth century and that constitutes one of the greatest conversions of the occidental imagination ... madness of desire, the insane delight of love and death in the limitless presumption of appetite.
Scarlett Thomas|Child, all books are magic. Just think,' he said, 'about what books make people do. People go to war on the basis of what they read in books. They believe in "facts" just because they are written down. They decide to adopt political systems, to travel to one place rather than another, to give up their job and go on a great adventure, to love or to hate. All books have tremendous power. And power is magic.' 'But are these books really magic...?
Bill Johnson|If you watch what you think about, you won't have to watch what you talk about.
Isadora  Duncan, My Life|Many women to whom I have preached the doctrine of freedom have weakly replied, 'But who is to support the children?' It seems to me that if the marriage ceremony is needed as a protection to insure the enforced support of children, then you are marrying a man who, you suspect, would under certain conditions, refuse to support his children, and it is a pretty low-down proposition. For you are marrying a man whom you already suspect of being a villain. But I have not so poor an opinion of men that I believe the greater percentage of them to be such low specimens of humanity.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When God opens a new page in your life, make photocopies of it, read it and share it with other people. Some may hear it when you read it, others may tear it when you share it.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Death. I wish the word could be removed from the vocabulary and from the dictionary. It simply does not exist, except in the human mind that was taught that it does exist. People think they are a body and they come to believe that when the body dies, everything they are will die too. It’s not true. The soul lives on. The soul of consciousness exists not only in the body but outside of the body too. We are all souls that cannot be contained or limited by time or space or the physical body. For souls there is no death.
Klaus Schwab|In the rich world, the environmental situation has improved dramatically. In the United States, the most important environmental indicator, particulate air pollution, has been cut by more than half since 1955, rivers and coastal waters have dramatically improved, and forests are increasing.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Too many memories of her were crammed inside of me, and as soon as one of them found the slightest opening, the rest would force their way out in an endless stream, an unstoppable flood.
Tiffany Snow, Blank Slate|I guess what they say is true. Anything the government wants to hide, they stick it in New Mexico
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I have good idea, for if you meet some person from different religion and he want to make argument about God. My idea is, you listen to everything this man say about God. Never argue about God with him. Best thing to say is, 'I agree with you.' Then you go home, pray what you want. This is my idea for people to have peace about religion.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|Still, even when false, legends can be most informative.
Odo Simon Agbo, The Dancing Sun|The future belongs to all who, refusing to look back at the past move ahead with the clock as it ticks.
Godwin Elendu Ph.D|If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
Helen Prejean, Dead Man Walking: The Eyewitness Account Of The Death Penalty That Sparked a National Debate|i want to explode in a cloud and be like a lightning striking the earth i want to lift the world and throw it in the other way maybe create a path so much things to say and i will talk about my life now since my birth day well there is not so much to talk about besides a boring life with issues i was talking to the other day and since then i knew its not worth i named it "Ben", like all names here in this country they beggin with ben and all the power comes from "Ben" "Ben" , i mean "bennani", "ben kirane", "ben jalon", "ben chaquron" i can't understand me and you can't understand these things and i hope none of us will because this could make you another you , and you dont want to be another you but i will be another me anytime facing you , me and you we are we who we were and are like straires we are who we are but we are changng and we will still be who we are because changing is not bad no matter how you look deeply into this you will find it like a trap trying to kill you inside you an let your real you go out from that page you created you dont worry it dosent rhime but maybe it does if you look closely weed eternety and happiness from above can i fuck with your mind a little love
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|But it's not a cancer book, because cancer books suck.
Lisa Ling|As an actress, I have put myself out there as an independent black woman, a single mom, a go-getter, a hustler who isn't afraid to survive.
Eloise Jarvis McGraw, Mara, Daughter of the Nile|I have come to think that's where Heaven is, a place in the memories of other where our best selves live
Martha Beck|Since the day I was born, wrestling has sustained me and my family. It's the way my father fed me; it's the way I feed my kids. More importantly, wrestling is my greatest release. It's been such a blessing for me. I can step into the ring and let it all go - all my anger, all my frustration, all my pain.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|It is a view of suffering, of the pain of others, that is rooted in religious thinking, which links pain to sacrifice, sacrifice to exaltation - a view that could not be more alien to a modern sensibility, which regards suffering as something that is a mistake or an accident or a crime. Something to be fixed. Something to be refused. Something that makes one feel powerless.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|So I had something to do, something I'd done, someplace to go, and something to look forward to. That's a reasonable way to live. I enjoyed myself living. I had a good time. How much else can you ask for?""A lot more," Laura said softly, "if you're greedy. I was greedy once.""So was I, but that was a long time ago. You're greediest when you're born, and after that it's downhill all the way. Live to be two hundred and you wouldn't demand anything.
Andrew Levkoff, The Other Alexander|My theory is that, as with our children, as with every surface of that geodesic dome inside the 8-Ball, every age we've ever been is who we are.
Meghan Don, The New Divine Feminine: Spiritual Evolution for a Woman's Soul|Entering into and opening to our inherent spacious soul daily allows a natural liberation of our manifold self-identifications to occur, and it is then that we can truly rest in the sacredness and come to know our ground of being. The great Celtic writer John O’Donohue points to this when he says that “behind the façade of your life, there is something beautiful and eternal happening.
Christopher Daniel Mechling, Peter: The Untold True Story|Truly I am God's Beauty, His Trophy, His Outstretched Arms...I am here for His Glory and Pleasure.
H. Rider Haggard, King Solomon's Mines|Yet man dies not whilst the world, at once his mother and his monument, remains. His name is lost, indeed, but the breath he breathed still stirs the pine-tops on the mountains, the sound of the words he spoke yet echoes on through space; the thoughts his brain gave birth to we have inherited to-day; his passions are our cause of life; the joys and sorrows that he knew are our familiar friends--the end from which he fled aghast will surely overtake us also!Truly the universe is full of ghosts, not sheeted churchyard spectres, but the inextinguishable elements of individual life, which having once been, can never die, though they blend and change, and change again for ever.
Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple|your voice is a place i want to take shelter in, a place that makes me feel safe and soft.
Devon Ashley, Waiting On My Reason|-Do you want to posses my body?-"I want to do many things to your body but that's not one of them
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|How awful it was, thought Tessa, remembering Fats the toddler, the way tiny ghosts of your living children haunted your heart; they could never know, and would hate it if they did, how their growing was a constant bereavement.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|The American religion-so far as there is one anymore-seems to be doubt. Whoever believes the least wins, because he'll never be found wrong.
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|The line between the living and the dead may not be much of a line at all, but the terrain is not for the weak of heart.
Meg Howrey, The Wanderers|I am available to make mistakes, I only prefer to make new ones.
Dan Brown, Inferno|If we don't embrace them, then we are as undeserving of life as the caveman who freezes to death because he's afraid to start a fire.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy, The Kind Prince|Every living thing is sacred to me. Compassion and love can heal this world, which is set on fire of violence and hatred. I will teach the world about compassion, and end the suffering by halting these floods of sorrow. Said Prince Siddhartha and began his journey of saving the man kind.” ,
Jeff Healey|When I was a freshman, I didn't have that much time for extra-curriculars, so I didn't do any theater stuff. Actually, I didn't do it with my school. I did theater with this thing called Teen Source.
Jessie J|I love my family, my wife, my kids, my dogs, my home, my life. I am a very happy and contented man.
Franklin Graham|Prayer is the most powerful resource we have in this life; yet, many only turn to it as a last resort. When unbelievers pray for repentance of sin and ask for God’s forgiveness, prayer is the spiritual dynamite that obliterates the darkness and despair of a sin-soaked soul.
William Sloane Coffin|I was close to getting married a long time ago. But it didn't happen, and since then it has not been happening. It is jinxed, and I am very happy. I hope this jinx continues.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author ( Greatest of All Romances, Your Potter's|The Lord seeks to establish status quo before His return. He is gathering His sheep, His birds, His people under His wings, under His authority, His Kingship, the only authority and Kingship of our Lord God and Master, as in the times of Abraham, Moses, Isaac and Jacob.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Promise me, you will always be there for me.
Aldous Huxley, The Devils of Loudun|The world' is man's experience as it appears to, and is moulded by, his ego. It is that less abundant life, which is lived according to the dictates of the insulated self. It is nature denatured by the distorting spectacles of our appetites and revulsions. It is the finite divorced from the Eternal. It is multiplicity in isolation from its non-dual Ground. It is time apprehended as one damned thing after another. It is a system of verbal categories taking the place of the fathomlessly beautiful and mysterious particulars which constitute reality. It is a notion labelled 'God'. It is the Universe equated with the words of our utilitarian vocabulary.
Edward Young|The only way she could get a standing ovation would be if she sang "The Star-Spangled Banner."
Gretel Ehrlich, The Solace of Open Spaces|Everything in nature invites us constantly to be what we are. We are often like rivers: careless and forceful, timid and dangerous, lucid and muddied, eddying, gleaming, still.
Aisha Tyler|If speech always wins, even if it's an atomic secret that's going to be broadcast to our enemies, it's easy to make a decision. Speech always wins. But it doesn't... Liberty doesn't always trump equality or equality always trump liberty.
shivangi lavaniya|Generally the rational brain can override the emotional brain, as long as our fears don’t hijack us. (For example, your fear at being flagged down by the police can turn instantly to gratitude when the cop warns you that there’s an accident ahead.) But the moment we feel trapped, enraged, or rejected, we are vulnerable to activating old maps and to follow their directions. Change begins when we learn to "own" our emotional brains. That means learning to observe and tolerate the heartbreaking and gut-wrenching sensations that register misery and humiliation. Only after learning to bear what is going on inside can we start to befriend, rather than obliterate, the emotions that keep our maps fixed and immutable.
Edward St. Aubyn, Lost for Words|Pleasures, like schoolboys in a school courtyard, had so trampled upon his heart that no green thing grew there, and that which passed through it, more heedless than children, did not even, like them, leave a name carved upon the wall.
Soojung Jo, Ghost of Sangju|They departed in the form of white smoke, rose easily upward, waved their hands in parting, and viewed with pity all those who remained behind. Then they danced gaily in celebration of their new freedom, before disintegrating into the air.
Julia Scheeres|One of the most popular genital surgeries is labia minora reduction. When a similar procedure is performed on healthy girls in some African countries as a coming-of-age rite to control their sexuality, Westerners denounce it as genital mutilation; in the U.S. of A., it's called cosmetic enhancement. But both procedures are based on misogynist notions of female genitalia as ugly, dirty, and shameful. And though American procedures are generally performed under vastly better conditions (with the benefit of, say, anesthesia and antibiotics), the postsurgical results can be similarly horrific, involving loss of sensation, chronic pain, and infection.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|The rapt pupil will be forgiven for assuming the Tsar of Death to be wicked and the Tsar of Life to be virtuous. Let the truth be told: There is no virtue anywhere. Life is sly and unscrupulous, a blackguard, wolfish, severe. In service to itself, it will commit any offense. So, too, is Death possessed of infinite strategies and a gaunt nature- but also mercy, also grace and tenderness. In his own country, Death can be kind.
Raheel Farooq|It's not in the life, it's in the living.
Austin Clarke, Pig Tails 'n Breadfruit|Dad says that everyone invented baklava.” It occurs to me now to wonder what that means. Aunt Aya rolls her eyes.“Your father? He is the worst of the worst. He thinks he cooks and eats Arabic food but these walnuts were not grown from Jordanian earth and this butter was not made from Jordanian lambs. He is eating the shadow of a memory. He cooks to remember but the more he eats, the more he forgets.
Habeeb Akande|Shame ain't black, like dirt, like I always thought it was. Shame be the color of a new white uniform your mother ironed all night to pay for, white without a smudge or a speck a work-dirt on it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Explore, experience, evolve, and exceed your expectations! - No Excuses!
Emma Cline, The Girls|Here’s the thing, people: We have some serious problems. The lights are off. And it seems like that’s affecting the water flow in part of town. So, no baths or showers, okay? But the situation is that we think Caine is short of food, which means he’s not going to be able to hold out very long at the power plant.”“How long?” someone yelled.Sam shook his head. “I don’t know.”“Why can’t you get him to leave?”“Because I can’t, that’s why,” Sam snapped, letting some of his anger show. “Because I’m not Superman, all right? Look, he’s inside the plant. The walls are thick. He has guns, he has Jack, he has Drake, and he has his own powers. I can’t get him out of there without getting some of our people killed. Anybody want to volunteer for that?"Silence.“Yeah, I thought so. I can’t get you people to show up and pick melons, let alone throw down with Drake.”“That’s your job,” Zil said.“Oh, I see,” Sam said. The resentment he’d held in now came boiling to the surface. “It’s my job to pick the fruit, and collect the trash, and ration the food, and catch Hunter, and stop Caine, and settle every stupid little fight, and make sure kids get a visit from the Tooth Fairy. What’s your job, Zil? Oh, right: you spray hateful graffiti. Thanks for taking care of that, I don’t know how we’d ever manage without you.”“Sam…,” Astrid said, just loud enough for him to hear. A warning.Too late. He was going to say what needed saying.“And the rest of you. How many of you have done a single, lousy thing in the last two weeks aside from sitting around playing Xbox or watching movies?“Let me explain something to you people. I’m not your parents. I’m a fifteen-year-old kid. I’m a kid, just like all of you. I don’t happen to have any magic ability to make food suddenly appear. I can’t just snap my fingers and make all your problems go away. I’m just a kid.”As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Sam knew he had crossed the line. He had said the fateful words so many had used as an excuse before him. How many hundreds of times had he heard, “I’m just a kid.”But now he seemed unable to stop the words from tumbling out. “Look, I have an eighth-grade education. Just because I have powers doesn’t mean I’m Dumbledore or George Washington or Martin Luther King. Until all this happened I was just a B student. All I wanted to do was surf. I wanted to grow up to be Dru Adler or Kelly Slater, just, you know, a really good surfer.”The crowd was dead quiet now. Of course they were quiet, some still-functioning part of his mind thought bitterly, it’s entertaining watching someone melt down in public.“I’m doing the best I can,” Sam said.“I lost people today…I…I screwed up. I should have figured out Caine might go after the power plant.”Silence.“I’m doing the best I can.”No one said a word.Sam refused to meet Astrid’s eyes. If he saw pity there, he would fall apart completely.“I’m sorry,” he said.“I’m sorry.
Desmond Tutu|Festivals are fun for kids, fun for parents and offer a welcome break from the stresses of the nuclear family. The sheer quantities of people make life easier: loads of adults for the adults to talk to and loads of kids for the kids to play with.
Enid Blyton, The Naughtiest Girl in the School|We end up stumbling our way through the forest, never seeing all the unexpected and wonderful possibilities and potentials because we're looking for the idea of a tree, instead of appreciating the actual trees in front of us.
Hermann Hesse, Knulp|If a beautiful thing were to remain beautiful for all eternity, I'd be glad, but all the same I'd look at it with a colder eye. I'd say to myself: You can look at it any time, it doesn't have to be today.
Toni Robinson|Horses change lives. They give out young people confidence and self-esteem. They provide peace and tranquility to troubled souls, they give us hope.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|It's despair at the lack of feeling, of love, of reason in the world. It's despair that anyone can even contemplate the idea of dropping a bomb or ordering that it should be dropped. It's despair that so few of us care. It's despair that there's so much brutality and callousness in the world. It's despair that perfectly normal young men can be made vicious and evil because they've won a lot of money. And then do what you've done to me.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Her ability to use language, that thing that most separates humans from animals, was leaving her, and she was feeling less and less human as it departed. She's said a tearful good-bye to okay some time ago.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Whose destinies can be in these stars, which appear not to those who inhabit the northern regions?' said Amine, as she cast her eyes above, and watched them in their brightness; 'and what does that falling meteor portend? What causes its rapid descent from heaven?''Do you then put faith in stars, Amine?''In Araby we do; and why not? They were not spread over the sky to give light—for what then?''To beautify the world. They have their uses, too.''Then you agree with me—they have their uses, and the destinies of men are there concealed. My mother was one of those who could read them well. Alas! For me they are a sealed book.''Is it not better so, Amine?''Better!—say better to grovel on this earth with our selfish, humbled race, wandering in mystery and awe, and doubt, when we can communicate with the intelligences above! Does not the soul leap at her admission to confer with superior powers? Does not the proud heart bound at the feeling that its owner is one of those more gifted than the usual race of mortals? Is it not a noble ambition?''A dangerous one—most dangerous.''And therefore most noble. They seem as if they would speak to me; look at yon bright star—it beckons to me.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|Just as we are blessed with a brain through which we learn and understand, ears with which to hear, fingers and toes and a body through which to feel, and a pair of eyes through which we learn to see, I believe our soul is also blessed with senses.
John McCain|In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|For starters, that’s a rather simple principle of Time Travel right there – and according to the pioneers of time travel, it’s one of the foundation stones of the Theory behind it. It’s something of a paradox – a mind-boggling annotation in the ever-puzzling and ever growing Anals of History. (Some readers may still be thinking that should be ‘Annals’ – however, the author of this work cannot be blamed for what you may think.)
Eugène Ionesco, Rhinoceros / The Chairs / The Lesson|Year after year of dirty snow and bitter winds… houses and whole districts of people who aren’t really unhappy, but worse, who are neither happy nor unhappy; people who are ugly because they’re neither ugly nor beautiful; creatures that are dismally neutral, who long without longings as though they’re unconscious, unconsciously suffering from being alive.
Émile Zola, La Curée|Suddenly Damask found herself staring down at the flowers through a dazzle of tears. The words sounded so innocent and so disarming - she remembered that she hadn't wanted to come through the beautiful woods at all; and there was no danger, nothing wrong except the wickedness of her own heart. She looked at Danny's big, brown, work-scarred hands gently gathering the flowers and her love for him was a physical pain. Oh, how she loved him; how she wished that he would ask her to marry him!"Norah Lofts
Linda Grant, The Thoughtful Dresser|Fashion sighs after trends. I want timeless elegance. Fashion has no time. I do. I say: Hello Lady, how can I help you? Fashion has no time to even ask such a question, because it is constantly concerned with finding out: What will come next? It is more about helping women to suffer less, to attain more freedom and independence.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|We hurt so much because we have lost a part of ourselves. If we have loved much, we must have given much also, and when everything's over, we feel as though we have lost everything.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|He would find his Susie,inside his young son. Give that love to the living.
Jess C. Scott, Bedmates|All I wanted was to share myself with him...in a love way, lust way, every kind of way.
Alberto Manguel|Besides, Fi was convinced that instinct could determine a body's literary needs, just as physical cravings pointed to dietary shortfalls. She'd experienced it herself more than once among the library's dense shelves; not knowing what she should read next, she'd wandered, sniffing slightly, palms open. When intuition hit, she felt a sensation she couldn't describe exactly: her hands seemed to know where to go. And when she reached, invariably she found exactly the book she needed at that moment - sometimes fiction, sometimes biography, sometimes a slim volume of obscure poetry
Andrew Kadziolka|For some, it is vain.For others it is lust.With the right person it is spiritual.
Rex Stout, Over My Dead Body|Saving is a great habit but without investing and tracking, it just sleeps
Angelo Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|When imagination changes from hoping to knowing, it makes things real.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|Now we were standing around holding hands and not much was going on. I began to think of words I had known, just for fun, to fill up the blank space in my head. Couch, I thought. Cuisinart, I thought.The words felt different right now than they had before. They meant a little less, held a little less, but seemed somehow fuller: I had never really noticed how much sound there was in a word. The way it filled your mouth up with emptiness, a sort of loosened emptiness that you could tongue, an emptiness you could suck on like a stone. Stomach, I thought. Variety, I thought. Expectation. Intimation. Infiltration. Infiltration: I tongued that one further. I knew it had a hostile aspect, like someone breaking into your house or posing as someone you should trust. But it also had a lovely sound, a kind of tapered point and a gently ruffled edge, and as I repeated it over and over in my mouth it took on a really great flavor and I thought of water filtering in and out of a piece of fabric, back and forth, moving between, soaking it and washing out, soaking in and taking with it pale tremors of color, memory, resistance, all that stuff, until I felt like one of those pieces of cloth on the television commercials that got washed with the name-brand cleanser and is now not only white, but silky and mountain-scented.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Sometimes he counts himself to sleep by imagining the miles between stars like the succession of footsteps cleaving him from his home, as if mastering the distance in thought might blunt the separation. But if a man cannot return to the place of his birth, then what is there to stay his restless feet? What center will hold him from wandering endlessly? It should not be so difficult, he thinks, to know one’s place in the order of things.
Edward Monkton, Zen Dog|When you paint Spring, do not paint willows, plums, peaches, or apricots, but just paint Spring. To paint willows, plums, peaches, or apricots is to paint willows, plums, peaches, or apricots - it is not yet painting Spring.
Poppet, Sveta|Kissing her again, softly, I leave my t-shirt next to her pillow.It's the silent promise that I'll come back again tonight.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|See if you can approach your own practice with a healthy combination of mindfulness, playfulness, precision, and curiosity
James Beattie|'Toy Story' we found, sorta by accident, because we didn't know what we were doing, the idea of being replaced by somebody. Everybody has that fear, or encounters this jealousy at some point.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Hope and desire,All unfulfilled,Have more than ropeAnd hangman killed.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|A conscientious man, Muslim or otherwise, would never abuse his wife and then resort to the scripture to justify his actions. But a fundamentalist caveman would gloriously beat his wife whenever he likes and shamelessly quote from Quran to rationalize his monstrosity.
Mark Salling|Ever since I was a kid, this was all I wanted to do. I've wanted to do music. I wanted to sing. It's all I know.
Jeff Kinney|A disturbing prospect looms before us as Americans consider the possibility of a second term for President Barack Obama. Millions of conservatives who revere the Constitution, with its guarantees of freedom and limited government, have watched with alarm as the campaign season has unfolded.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|If Roman Catholic Christianity has always struggled with the threat of works righteousness, Reformed Protestantism has always struggled with the threat of cheap grace. For many, if not the majority of Protestants, God's love and acceptance do not lead to personal transformation. Evangelical formation often involves seeking to reestablish a pattern of maturing behaviour that should be integral to one's conversion. So both traditions can be challenged on whether there is a genuinely helpful connection between conversion and transformation.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|all children are required to attend School, which is like a party to which everyone forgot to bring punch, or hats, or fiddles, and none of the games have good prizes.
Mensah Oteh|To develop stronger focus, develop a greater reason or meaning for your goal.
Barry Sanders|The revolution is carried out by means of one's thought, not through one's family background.
Carson McCullers|It was as though his son cheated him by depriving him of his beloved presence, the sweet and treacherous thief had plundered his heart. If Johnny had died in any other way, cancer or leukaemia… he could have grieved with a clear heart, cried also. But suicide seemed a deliberate act of spite which the Judge resented.
Stephen Bungay, The Art of Action: How Leaders Close the Gaps between Plans, Actions and Results|Sins of omission should be regarded as far more serious than sins of commission,
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|Accepted social gender roles and expectations are so entrenched in our culture that most people cannot imagine any other way. As a result, individuals fitting neatly into these expectations rarely if ever question what gender really means. They have never had to, because the system has worked for them.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|We can't make up for lost time, but we can make room to share space.
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|Happiness and sorrow are two sides of the same coin called life. Whatever befalls you, walk on unattached.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Poems from the Book of Hours|Put out my eyes, and I can see you still;slam my ears to, and I can hear you yet;and without any feet can go to you;and tongueless, I can conjure you at will.Break off my arms, I shall take hold of youand grasp you with my heart as with a hand;arrest my heart, my brain will beat as true;and if you set this brain of mine afire,upon my blood I then will carry you.
Michael Gruber, The Book of Air and Shadows|And, with much of Europe occupied by Nazi Germany, and Mussolini's armies in Albania, on the Greek frontier, one wasn't sure what came next. So, don't trust the telephone. Or the newspapers. Or the radio. Or tomorrow.
Richard Lugar|You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.
Mark Ireland, Messages from the Afterlife: A Bereaved Father's Journey in the World of Spirit Visitations, Psychic-Mediums, and Synchronicity|For some, reassessing concepts about truth and reality can be a scary proposition.
George Bernard Shaw|We cannot know what time will do to us with its fine, indistinguishable layers upon layers, we cannot know what it might make of us. It advances stealthily, day by day and hour by hour and step by poisoned step, never drawing attention to its surreptitious labours, so respectful and considerate that it never once gives us a sudden prod or a nasty fright. Every morning, it turns up with its soothing, invariable face and tells us exactly the opposite of what is actually happening: that everything is fine and nothing has changed, that everything is just as it was yesterday--the balance of power--that nothing has been gained and nothing lost, that our face is the same, as is our hair and our shape, that the person who hated us continues to hate us and the person who loved us continues to love us.
Anthony T. Hincks|I may not be beautiful,I may not be tall,I may have no legs,And be hairy and all.I may not be rich,With lifestyle or clothes,I may not tweet,For my arms are too low.I may have warts,An acne or two,I may be incomplete,Compared to all of you.But when I see,The reflection of me,I see someone beautiful,And I know it's me.
Michael Fassbender|Fear not, the people may be deluded for a moment, but cannot be corrupted.
Erica Sehyun Song, The Pax Valley|Come on, Seregil, let's show him how it's done.""I'm busy," replied Seregil, working on a tricky bit of fingering.Moving to stand over him, Micum groweled, "Put away that twopenny toy, you tit-sucking coistril, and show me the length of your blade!"Seregil laid his harp aside with a sigh. "Dear me, that sounds rather like a challenge-"Lunging swiftly past Micum, he sprang to his feet and drew his sword, then swung a flat-bladed attack at Micum's forearm.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Man-Made World|Through it [literature] we know the past, govern the present, and influence the future.
Susan Vreeland, Girl in Hyacinth Blue|After all, I was dressed in linen and so retained a certain capacity for nonchalance.
Don Winslow, The Force|The suits love their numbers, Malone thinks. This new management breed of cops are like the sabermetrics baseball people. They believe the numbers say it all, and when the numbers don't say what they want them to, they massage them like Koreans on Eighth Avenue until they get a happy ending.
Brad Pitt|The Caribbean is such an apocalyptic place, whether it's the decimation of the indigenous populations by the Europeans, whether it's the importation of slaves and their subsequent being worked to death by the millions in many ways, whether it's the immigrant processes which began for many people, new worlds ending their old ones.
Neel Burton|When we stop noticing small things, we are no longer truly alive.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|Why not open the door, and open their arms, and close them again around each other? Did the not understand how, in the strange chemistry of human emotion, his suffering and her, mingled together, could... countervail each other?
Vikrmn|Follow the dreams that your heart visualizes, as what you actually see is just an illusion of temporary contentment.
Tessa Dare, Say Yes to the Marquess|I'm not going to touch her," he said "She's not mine.She never will be.""Indeed." Bruiser rolled his eyes and dusted off his hat. "Definitely no years of pent-up lusting there. Glad we have that sorted.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Small men oft feel a need to prove their courage with unseemly boasts," he declared. "I doubt if he could kill a duck."Tyrion shrugged. "Fetch the duck.
Pete Wentz, Gray|I wonder if killing yourself is the only thing you can control in your entire life, and that's why it's a sin. Because you're beating God at his own game.
Nora Roberts, Bay of Sighs|The story was told, generation by generation, in song and in story, until time misted it into myth and legend. But some believed, as legends brought comfort.
Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin|but remember, nothing comes without a price. Our paths are not mapped; they’re made.
Jeffrey R. Holland|Don't you quit. You keep walking. You keep trying. There is help and happiness ahead. Some blessings come soon, some come late, and some don’t come until heaven; but for those who embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ, they come. It will be all right in the end. Trust God and believe in good things to come.
Michael Morpurgo, Alone on a Wide Wide Sea|What did I think of Princeton? Well, the answer to that question requires a story. When I first arrived, I looked around me at the Gothic buildings — younger, I later learned, than many of the mosques of this city, but made through acid treatment and ingenious stone-masonry to look older...
Lane Pederson, Dialectical Behavior Therapy Skills Training for Integrated Dual Disorder Treatment Settings|Welcome to the modern world.Here, emotions hide behind emoticons
Gary Shteyngart, Absurdistan|Regardless of the nature of the conflict, one basic rule translates into most Conflict Zone “Theatres” that doesn’t make it into Movie Theaters is that the food runs out faster than the bullets.
Larry Crabb|We don’t like to hurt. And there is no worse pain for fallen people than facing an emptiness we cannot fill. To enter into pain seems rather foolish when we can run from it through denial. We simply cannot get it through our head that, with a nature twisted by sin, the route to joy always involves the very worst sort of internal suffering we can imagine. We rebel at that thought. We weren’t designed to hurt. The physical and personal capacities to feel that God built into us were intended to provide pleasures, like good health and close relationships. When they don’t, when our head throbs with tension and our heart is broken by rejection, we want relief. With deep passion, we long to experience what we were designed to enjoy.
David Archuleta|What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|Climate change joined immigration, job creation, food safety, pilot training, veterans' care, campaign finance, transportation security, labor law, mine safety, wildfire management, and scores of executive and judicial appointments on the list of matters that the world's greatest deliberative body is incapable of addressing.
Danish Sayanee|All kinds of things are happening to me." I begin. ,,Some I choose, some I didn't. I don't know how to tell one from the other any more. What I mean is, it feels like everything's been decided in advance - that I'm following a path somebody else has already mapped out for me. It doesn't matter how much I think things over, how much effort I put into it. In fact, the harder I try, the more I lose my sense od who I am. It's as if my identity's an orbit that I've strayed far away from, and that really hurts. But more than that, it scares me. Just thinking about it makes me flinch.Oshima gazes deep into m eyes. "Listen, Kafka. What you are experiencing now is the motif od many Greek tragedies. Man does not chose fate. Fate chooses man. That is the basic world view of Greek drama. And the sense od tragedy - according to Aristotle - somes, ironically enough, not drom the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I am getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues. Sophocles' Oedipus Rex being a Great example. Oedipus is drawn into tragedy not because of lazines or stupidity, but because of his courage and honesty. So an inevitable irony results.
Frank Beddor|In the furnace of fire, gold and silver are refined.
Dick Durbin|But if you're asking my opinion, I would argue that a social justice approach should be central to medicine and utilized to be central to public health. This could be very simple: the well should take care of the sick.
Teo Yi Han|Ne wonders what it is like to burn, staring at one’s ending right around the corner, and yet not knowing how the end will come, when one will be fully consumed by the void.
Zadie Smith|The task ahead of us will be extremely challenging as the Tory party continue with their austerity agenda and as we continue to resolve the issues of the past and build unity, reconciliation, and equality.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Time lost to pointless delay can never be regained. It is the most reprehensible kind of theft. Why was it that men did not grasp this simple fact? Money comes and goes and comes again, and knowledge can be acquired and forgotten and rediscovered, but time once lost is lost for good, each passing second irretrievable.
Sunday Adelaja|He who is satisfied with what he has, is a rich man.
Mary Simses, The Irresistible Blueberry Bakeshop & Cafe|None of us gets to choose how we're born, it's what we make of ourselves afterwards.
Marlon James|I think that’s what Toni Morrison and Alice Walker understand, the secret language of women. That it’s not a secret at all; men just don’t know how to listen.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|It was an odd situation. For a century and a half, men got rid of their own hair, which was perfectly comfortable, and instead covered their heads with something foreign and uncomfortable. Very often it was actually their own hair made into a wig. People who couldn't afford wigs tried to make their hair look like a wig.
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|In Transylvania it was memories of the Romanian revolt that stalked the Hungarian aristocratic imagination.. In Galicia it was memories of Tarnow that performed a similar service for the surviving Polish noble families. Both societies shared something of the brittle, sports-obsessed cheerfulness of the British in India - or indeed of Southerners in the pre-1861 United States. These were societies which could resort to any level of violence in support of racial supremacy. Indeed, an interesting global history could be written about the ferocity of a period which seems, very superficially, to be so 'civilized'. Southern white responses to Nat Turner's Slave Rebellion in 1831, with Turner himself flayed, beheaded and quartered, can be linked to the British blowing rebel Indians to pieces from the mouths of cannons in 1857.
Joyce Carol Oates|I run because long after my footprints fade away, maybe I will have inspired a few to reject the easy path, hit the trails, put one foot in front of the other, and come to the same conclusion I did: I run because it always takes me where I want to go.
Jonathan Stroud|Literature offers the thrill of minds of great clarity wrestling with the endless problems and delights of being human. To engage with them is to engage with oneself, and the lasting rewards are not confined to specific career paths.
Fred Phillips III, The Numbers Talk|People are stubborn and stupid. They're irrational. they're destructive. that's the point, isn't it? That's the whole reason for the cure. People will no longer destroy their own lives. They won't be capable of it.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|It will no doubt be agreed that there are multitudes of these defiant, aggressive types in our culture. But they do not frequent psychoanalysts' offices because our competitive culture (in which, to a considerable extent, the individual who can aggressively exploit others without conscious guilt feeling is 'succesful') supports and 'cushions' them to a greater extent than the opposite types. It is generally the culturally 'weak' individuals who get to the psychoanalyst; for in cultural terms they have the 'neurosis' and the succesfully agressive person does not.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|Thank goodness for the first snow, it was a reminder--no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered.
Max Barry, Lexicon|The most fundamental thing about a person is desire. It defines them. Tell me what a person wants, truly wants, and I'll tell you who they are, and how to persuade them.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Men sometimes speak as if the study of the classics would at length make way for more modern and practical studies; but the adventurous student will always study classics, in whatever language they may be written and however ancient they may be. For what are the classics but the noblest recorded thoughts of man? They are the only oracles which are not decayed, and there are such answers to the most modern inquiry in them as Delphi and Dodona never gave. We might as well omit to study Nature because she is old. To read well, that is, to read true books in a true spirit, is a noble exercise, and one that will task the reader more than any exercise which the customs of the day esteem.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|A moment later the scowling face of Admiral Jellico appeared on the screen. He looked as ill-humored as ever. Privately, Calhoun felt that somebody should send an away team into Jellico's ass, to determine just what had crawled up there and died years ago.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|If you're Strigoi," the boy interrupted loudly, "then why don't you have horns? My friend Jeffrey said Strigoi have horns."Dimitri's eyes fell not on the boy but on me for a moment. Again, that spark of knowing shot between us. Then, face smooth and serious, Dimitri turned to the boy and answered, "Strigoi don't have horns. And even if they did, it wouldn't matter because I'm not a Strigoi.
Dada Bhagwan|The Gnani Purush simply makes the separation in one’s vision: ‘This is the vision of the Soul, the real Self’ and ‘this is the vision of the worldly self’. Otherwise a person can never make this change in his vision. One’s vision of ‘I am Chandubhai’ (vikalpi drashti) will never become the vision of ‘I am the Pure Soul’ (nirvikalpi drashti).
Belsebuub, The Awakening of Perception: A Collection of Talks and Articles|Denial returned, like a nagging cough you can never quite shake. Actually, it was always close at hand, and even though "satanic ritual abuse" did describe what had happened to me when I was a child. the concept was so foreign and so horrific that some part of me still wanted to stay in denial.Devil worship dominated my childhood. That was undeniable, even if it was still nearly impossible to contemplate. Both of my parents and any number of their friends, as well as "respected" members of our community, had worshipped Satan.I pushed the notion aside with all the power I could muster. I kept thinking to myself that it was ridiculous and impossible.p157
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|Feel the energy, starting with your hands, and if you maintain the sensation of being connected to that energy as you pray, you can be more deeply immersed in your prayer. The reason is that the entire universe is composed of the energy you're feeling with your hands right now. When you maintain that feeling of connection with the universe as you pray for the great hopes and dreams cherished by your soul, you are broadcasting your prayer to the entire universe as your audience. If the whole universe is resonating with your dream and working with you to make your dream come true, wouldn't that lend great strength to you?
Ben Lerner, The Hatred of Poetry|Most critics, fond of subservient artstill make the whole depend upon a part.They talk of principles, but notions prizeAnd all to one loved folly sacrifice.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|You sick fuck. Tear my pants off, prick. See what I got. I'll knock your fucking teeth out with my swinging dick! Last chance... you force yourself into that woman... and I'll force this knife into your dick hole!
Troy Jollimore|But I will confess  that I began as an astronomer—a liking for bright flashes, vast distances, unreachable things, a hand stretched always toward the furthest limit— and that my longing for you has not taken me very far from that original desire to inscribe a comet’s orbit around the walls of our city, to gently stroke the surface of the stars.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It is quite obvious that the human race has made a queer mess of life on this planet. But as a people we probably harbor seeds of goodness that have lain for a long time waiting to sprout when conditions are right. Man's curiosity, his relentlessness, his inventiveness, his ingenuity have led him into deep trouble. We can only hope that these same traits will enable him to claw his way out.
Richard A. Epstein, Why Progressive Institutions Are Unsustainable|Wherever the real power in a Government lies, there is the danger of oppression. In our Governments the real power lies in the majority of the Community, and the invasion of private rights is chiefly to be apprehended, not from acts of Government contrary to the sense of its constituents, but from acts in which the Government is the mere instrument of the major number of the constituents.
Juliet Marillier, Heart's Blood|Perhaps your hunger to belong is always active and intense because you belonged so totally before you came here. This hunger to belong is the echo and reverberation of your invisible heritage. You are from somewhere else, where you were known, embraced and sheltered. This is also the secret root from which all longing grows. Something in you knows, perhaps remembers, that eternal belonging liberates longing into its surest and most potent creativity. This is why your longing is often wiser than your conventional sense of appropriateness, safety and truth... Your longing desires to take you towards the absolute realization of all the possibilities that sleep in the clay of your heart; it knows your eternal potential, and it will not rest until it is awakened.
Henry David Thoreau|Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.
James Rozoff|They are always the problem. There is no evil in this world you cannot blame on them. The world will never be right as long as they exist. Whereas we are right, we are always right. We desire to make the world a better place whereas they either consciously desire to make it worse or else are willing to make it so through wrong ideas. There is only one way to make the world we are trying to create, and that is to get rid of them, get rid of every last one of them. And the only way to do that is to stop creating them. Because there is no “they” until we choose to see someone as such. When we choose to see the humanity in everyone, then there is no more they, there is only us.
Florenz Ziegfeld|Someone who knows only music, understands nothing about it.
C. Terry Warner|She was forthright to the point of rudeness, yet he couldn’t help admiring her for saying what she really thought. It was rather refreshing to be challenged for a change – it had been many years since anyone had dared to do that. His wealth and power generally seemed to strike rather too much awe into those he associated with. It seemed this Tamsin was different.
D.H. Lawrence, Sons and lovers. Lady Chatterley's lover|There was a warmth of fury in his last phrases. He meant she loved him more than he her. Perhaps he could not love her. Perhaps she had not in herself that which he wanted. It was the deepest motive of her soul, this self-mistrust. It was so deep she dared neither realise nor acknowledge. Perhaps she was deficient. Like an infinitely subtle shame, it kept her always back. If it were so, she would do without him. She would never let herself want him. She would merely see.
Angelica Hopes|For even though the rest of the city--no, the rest of the country--starved and searched fruitlessly for work and slept in a humpy in the park, society's finest could still squander their money however they saw fit.The unemployed, they would say, were lazy. If they worked harder, they'd do as well as Mr. Harry Moneypants was doing, who'd earned his vast fortune by having the foresightedness of selecting rich parents, who had, in their time, also cleverly selected rich parents.
Rainer Maria Rilke|You can find poetry in your everyday life, your memory, in what people say on the bus, in the news, or just what's in your heart.
Ralph Cudworth|It is no use painting the foot of the tree white, the strength of the bark cries out from beneath the paint.
Peter Mayle|The French don't snack. They will tear off the endo of a fres baguette (which, if it's warm, it's practically impossible to resist) and eat it as they leave the boulangerie. And that's usually all you will see being consumed on the street. Compare that with the public eating and drinking that goes on in America: pizza, hot dogs, nachos, tacos, heroes, potato chips, sandwiches, jerricans of coffee, half-gallon buckets of Coke (Diet, of cours) and heaven knows what else being demolished on the hoof, often on the way to the aerobic class.
Jonathan Stroud, The Creeping Shadow|Ah, two firm friends, reunited at last! There should be sweet violin music playing for us, but I'll settle for the screams of the dying.
Rowena Cherry, Insufficient Mating Material|What in the blue star-blazes did you see in Jason?" he asked, still forcefully but with his frustration and jealousy under better control."For one thing, Djetth, he wasn't trying to kill me!"
Kristin Cashore|Tequila! Would you not think fallen angels would be immune to it." "Fallen, hate that word! I prefer..misplaced
Natalie Dormer|Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Do you see, Harry? Do you see the flaw in my brilliant plan now? I had fallen into the trap I had foreseen, that I had told myself I could avoid, that I must avoid.”“I don’t —”“I cared about you too much,” said Dumbledore simply. “I cared more for your happiness than your knowing the truth, more for your peace of mind than my plan, more for your life than the lives that might be lost if the plan failed. In other words, I acted exactly as Voldemort expects we fools who love to act.“Is there a defense? I defy anyone who has watched you as I have — and I have watched you more closely than you can have imagined — not to want to save you more pain than you had already suffered. What did I care if numbers of nameless and faceless people and creatures were slaughtered in the vague future, if in the here and now you were alive, and well, and happy? I never dreamed that I would have such a person on my hands.
Tracie Sage, The Missing Manual to Love, Marriage and Intimacy: A Proactive Path to Happily Ever After|When your thoughts, choices and actions are in alignment with love as a priority in your life, the streams of love flow naturally in ways that continue to replenish you.
Paul Ryan|It's time to look beyond the budget ax to assure access to health care for all. It's time to look for bipartisan solutions to the problems we can tackle today, and to work together for tomorrow - building a health care system that works for all Americans.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|When you find fame, or you get signed to a record label, it's not what you imagined - because you imagined they would have 100 percent trust or faith in you as an artist. Unfortunately, that's not really the case - it's what sells.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Gabi to Marcus "I can't believe out of one hundred thousand sperm, you were the fastest!
Robert Aickman|With all the confusion in the world these days, no matter how often I point the way, what good does it do? And if I know it does no good and still make myself do it, this too is a kind of confusion. So it is best to leave things alone and not force them. If I don't force things, at least I won't cause anyone any worry.
Daniel Bashford, Normal Extreme|I switched to wine – for better or worse and carried over – rather shuffled back to the table with an overflowing pint of ‘Jimmie Crickets Finest Burning Bum Bitter,’ or words to that effect. Is there such a thing as one-word bitter anymore? ‘Sgt Stiffies Severed Nippy.’ ‘Hair Of The Bastard Dog That Bit Me.’ ‘The Devils Own Salty Piss.’ I’ve never had a pallet for bitter. I was mainly a girly-drink-drunk.
Matshona Dhliwayo|What you think is a seed, what you say is the bud, and what you do is the fruit.
Mary Antin|The more Mommy blogs going nuclear over playground etiquette I read and birthday parties of glazed adults munching cupcakes like demoralized zombies I attend, I realize this is what my friends who conceived before me meant by, 'You just won't care.'
Marian Anderson|Our dreams are made of real things, like a shoebox full of photographs.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA means Can-do Attitude. I may fail, but I would not give-up because I believe I can. I am a Chartered Accountant.
Portia Doubleday|I find the education I got from living in Derby and being streetwise and knowing the people that I know, the lessons that I had to learn growing up, have set me in good stead for this kind of working life.
Curtis Jackson|Fear, separation, hate and anger come from the wrong view that you and the Earth are two separate entities, the Earth is only the environment. You are in the centre, and you want to do something for the Earth in order for you to survive.
Jacqueline Carey, Santa Olivia|I pushed passed him. He grabbed my hand and swung me back towards him. Then he pushed me against the wall and... he kissed me.He ran his thumb along my jawline and down my throat, hips pinning me to the wall. He kissed me slowly and with intensity, and once I got over the mind-numbing shock and comprehended what was actually happening, it was incredible. I had never been kissed like that before. We melted together. Every movement of mine was somehow perfectly mirrored by his. My heart was pounding so hard I knew he must be able to feel it and I was sure my legs were giving way, but he held me up, pushed me harder against the wall.I grabbed a handful of his hair, remembering all the times I'd dreamed of doing it. I let my hand drift down his back and pulled him even closer to me. It all happened so quickly. I heard him make a low kind of growl and lean into me. His hand slid down my leg behind my knee, drawing it to him. I moaned and felt him tense.
Paulo Coelho|I have never been a violent man. Just a little creepy, it seems.
Cornelia Funke, Reckless|It wasn't that he didn't love me, because I knew he did. As for me, I loved him so much it hurt.
Dada Bhagwan|When egoism ends, that indeed is called the Absolute supreme Self (Parmatma). Egoism indeed is the illusion.
Evy Michaels|You cannot put me downYou shall not clothe me with a frownYou certainly won't transform me into a clownNor turn my clear black and white into indecisive brownMy aspirations, my dreams, my future, you shall not drownNeither can you drive me into mad townI'm unshakable
Bryan Procter|The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear.
Sanjai Velayudhan, Dance of the Spirits: A Novel|If you do not have a history, you do not have a future!
GE Paulus|Sometimes you feel like you are on top of the world, and at other times it feels like the world is on top of you.
Chris Mentillo|I am absolutely convinced without any uncertainty that the old adage, History Repeats Itself is a valid assertion.
Debasish Mridha|When you find the way to empower others, you will find that you are a great leader.
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|When you fake emotion for a living, when you make your money providing fantasies for other people, tuning into their worlds and indulging them, you don’t invite someone into your world very easily.
Louis-Ferdinand Celine|Life it is not just a series of calculations and a sum total of statistics, it's about experience, it's about participation, it is something more complex and more interesting than what is obvious.
Chad Hurley|I'd like to go to another planet, which I might live long enough to accomplish. Just get on a spaceship and go. But not the moon. I don't see any flowers there. The moon is too close. I want to go further.
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|The human soul is complex. So is Nature (or life, if you prefer). Creating a perfect interface between the two results in a balance that one can recognize in an individual as a state of grace. This kind of resulting harmony is just like the dynamic in an exceptional relationship. What we’re talking about, finally, is establishing an exceptional relationship with life. One cannot succeed in this interfacing exclusively by analyzing and manipulating individual parts. It’s more liquid than that, and time and circumstance move too quickly. If you know what life really wants, and if you know what you really want, you can begin to create the relationship. For every individual, that requires a successful balanced interface between what one is compelled by and the essential principles of nature, which we comprehend through our intuitive conscience. Those are our clues to the mystery. When one gets it right, there it is.
Willi Way|If someone had problem with me, they had to find what it is, similarly if I had any problem with someone, I need to find out myself then only problem solves. Otherwise the problem will become the cause of break up in any relationship.
Pr. Paddick Van Zyl|For Christians it's always a love game ... that He is love itself ... Indeed, some have suggested that one way of understanding the Spirit is to see the Spirit as the personal love which the Father has for the Son and the Son for the Father.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|Everything in life is related to business—your hobbies, friends, family, relaxation, career, education, etc.
Laurins|Being happy is easy. Easy until you start believing that happiness is tied to a relationship, a job, your income, a product you buy, fame, a status, or any of a number of things that you don't currently have in your possession. Being happy is easy, as long as you understand everything you need to be happy exist in you already. You just have to stop looking out and start looking in to find it.
Debora van der Velde|The only depth where I can breathe, and don't need to fight for air, is in your love.
Cornelia Funke, Inkspell|Isn't it odd how much fatter a book gets when you've read it several times?" Mo had said..."As if something were left between the pages every time you read it. Feelings, thoughts, sounds, smells...and then, when you look at the book again many years later, you find yourself there, too, a slightly younger self, slightly different, as if the book had preserved you like a pressed flower...both strange and familiar.
Chloe Neill, Friday Night Bites|She used to place her pretty arms about my neck, draw me to her, and laying her cheek to mine, murmur with her lips near my ear, “Dearest, your little heart is wounded; think me not cruel because I obey the irresistible law of my strength and weakness; if your dear heart is wounded, my wild heart bleeds with yours. In the rapture of my enormous humiliation I live in your warm life, and you shall die—die, sweetly die—into mine. I cannot help it; as I draw near to you, you, in your turn, will draw near to others, and learn the rapture of that cruelty, which yet is love; so, for a while, seek to know no more of me and mine, but trust me with all your loving spirit.”And when she had spoken such a rhapsody, she would press me more closely in her trembling embrace, and her lips in soft kisses gently glow upon my cheek.
Mary E. Pearson, The Fox Inheritance|Maybe we all have a dark place inside of us, a place where dark thoughts and darker dreams live, but it doesn't have to become who we are.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|In 2008, the national Coping with Cancer project published a study showing that terminally ill cancer patients who were put on a mechanical ventilator, given electrical defibrillation or chest compressions, or admitted, near death, to intensive care had a substantially worse quality of life in their last week than those who received no such interventions. And, six months after their death, their caregivers were three times as likely to suffer major depression. Spending one’s final days in an I.C.U. because of terminal illness is for most people a kind of failure. You lie on a ventilator, your every organ shutting down, your mind teetering on delirium and permanently beyond realizing that you will never leave this borrowed, fluorescent place. The end comes with no chance for you to have said goodbye or “It’s O.K.” or “I’m sorry” or “I love you.”People have concerns besides simply prolonging their lives. Surveys of patients with terminal illness find that their top priorities include, in addition to avoiding suffering, being with family, having the touch of others, being mentally aware, and not becoming a burden to others. Our system of technological medical care has utterly failed to meet these needs, and the cost of this failure is measured in far more than dollars. The hard question we face, then, is not how we can afford this system’s expense. It is how we can build a health-care system that will actually help dying patients achieve what’s most important to them at the end of their lives.
M.F. Moonzajer|Everything hurt. I closed my eyes, pressing my cheek to the street, and waited. What for, I didn't know. To be rescued. Or found. But no one came. All I'd ever thought I wanted was to be left alone. Until I was.
Tiffany Reisz, The Prince|After breakfast the host takes the young man into a corner, and explains to him that what he saw was the ghost of a lady who had been murdered in that very bed, or who had murdered somebody else there - it does not really matter which: you can be a ghost by murdering somebody else or by being murdered yourself, whichever you prefer. The murdered ghost is, perhaps, the more popular; but, on the other hand, you can frighten people better if you are the murdered one, because then you can show your wounds and do groans.("Introduction" to TOLD AFTER SUPPER)
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|Boundary construction is most evident in three-year-olds. Boundary construction is most evident in three-year-olds. By this time, they should have mastered the following tasks:1. The ability to be emotionally attached to others, yet without giving up a sense of self and one‘s freedom to be apart, 2. The ability to say appropriate no's to others without fear of loss of love, 3. The ability to take appropriate no's from others without withdrawing emotionally. Noting these tasks, a friend said half-joking, "They need to learn this by age three? How about by fourty-three?" Yes, these are tall orders but boundary development is essential in the early years of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Control your anger, be calm.
Lynn Swan|As a teenager and young adult, I found being mute intensely isolating and dehumanizing. I felt truly like I was just a pair of eyes and ears - an entity without a body, without a face, and without a mouth. I felt as though I was barely a physical being.
Brian Koppelman|Maybe the price of forgetting that even in America, even in New York City, when a man back home is talking, you better listen closely.
Richard P. Feynman|'You are no saint,' says the devil. Well, if I am not, I am a sinner, and Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners. Sink or swim, I go to Him; other hope, I have none.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|Then he remembered Ralph's words--"no point in fighting your war over and over until you get it right.
Jim Harrison|Hollywood is a boys' club, and that's something I thought was a stereotype - and it's not. That really shocked me. Still shocks me. Everyone's helping their buddies out and pressing their buddies and playing tennis with their buddies and making movies with their buddies, and that grosses me out.
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|I think God eventually changed my heart simply because I clung to my desire for Him, even though I wasn't sure how to follow through on that desire.
Rosamund Hodge, Crimson Bound|George Arthur, a tribal council delegate, spoke on behalf of the tribe. Arthur was a chairman, too, of the Navajo legislature's resources committee. . . ."Uranium mining and milling on and near the reservation has been a disaster for the Navajo people. The Department of the Interior has been in the pocket of the uranium industry, favoring its interest and breaching its trust duties to the Navajo mineral owners. We are still undergoing what appears to be a never-ending federal experiment to see how much devastation can be endured by a people and a society from exposure to radiation in the air, in the water, in mines and on the surface of the land. We are unwilling to be the subjects of that ongoing experiment any longer.
Debasish Mridha|Take me to the land of lovers where flowers bloom with love, birds sing with love, and hearts long for hearts.
Courtney Vail, Kings & Queens|Alan: "I had terrible stage fright."Sin: "I'm not familiar with the concept of 'stage fright.'"A: "It's pretty awful. You end up having to picture the entire audience in their underwear. Phyllis was in that audience, you know."S: "Why, Alan, I had no idea your tastes ran that way."A: "Phyllis is a very nice lady. And I do not consider her so much aged as matured, like a fine wine. But I still think you owe me an archery lesson.
Diyar Harraz, After the Storm|there is no action kind enough to express heartbreak. I am left shut, the quietest of blossoms.
John Mark Green|When she smiled at me, I felt unborn poems stirring within.
Amanda Lang, The Power Of Why: Simple Questions That Lead to Success|His (Claude Legrand's) method is founded in a simple directive: Don't conclude that the problem as it's first presented, or as you first perceive it, is indeed the actual problem. If you do, and you've got it wrong, the solution you produce may also be wrong. The first step to figuring out what your problem is, Legrand says, is to deconstruct it by questioning it.
Anthony T. Hincks|Then the man smiled, and his smile was a shock, for it was all on one side, going up in the right cheek and down in the left.There was nothing, rationally speaking, to scare anyone about this. Many people have this nervous trick of a crooked smile, and in many it is even attractive. But in all Syme's circumstances, with the dark dawn and the deadly errand and the loneliness on the great dripping stones, there was something unnerving in it. There was the silent river and the silent man, a man of even classic face. And there was the last nightmare touch that his smile suddenly went wrong.
Daniel Hochhalter, Losers Like Us: Redefining Discipleship after Epic Failure|Remember, we are all part of a great story that is really about God, not us. He is the number one character (read: winner), and we are all secondary (read: losers).
Dorothy Koomson, The Rose Petal Beach|I'd spent so long trying to fit in,trying to be someone i wasn't,that i had no idea who i was any more.
Gerald Durrell|If all of us in the world just shared love, just a little, charity foundations wouldn’t be needed.
Vivek Pereira, Indians in Pakistan|Now smiling had been something almost alien to me just a few weeks ago. But over this short period of time, I had rediscovered this art thanks to that noble emotion of love. Joy that had been bottled up inside since childhood now overcame me from deep within just like the healing water reaching folks at hot springs from regions deep below the surface.
J.C. Nelson, Free Agent|Life is full of games. Be a proactive player. Most importantly, know who is throwing at you, what and why. When you do, life becomes fun...
Sara Ella, Unblemished|The world won't be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|When there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of life only, the spiritual is apt gradually to be lost.
Richard Louv|Muslim moderates, wherever they are, must be given every tool necessary to win a war of ideas with their co-religionists. Otherwise, we will have to win some very terrible wars in the future.
Sharon Astyk|The fact is that some things will be lost in our new way of life. It is useless to pretend that the transformation to a lower-energy, lower-consumption society will always be painless and easy. Thus, the only possible way we can bring it about is to replace some of the pleasures we are losing with new ones -- with rituals of non-consumption that offer us something to replace what is lost.
Stanley A. McChrystal|I don't feel one's personal medical condition is everybody's business. It just isn't something you advertise, and it's not open to discussion.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|People in this world are cruel, selfish and ignorant. The only way to survive is to be the good side of yourself.
Rupert Holmes|You must not demand the failure of your peers, because the more good things that are around in film, in television, in theater - why the better it is for all of us.
Unknown|If you trust someone, trust till the end; whatever the results may be, In the end you will have a very good friend or a very good lesson
Deyth Banger|The Gottschalk was a fine weapon."You," I said to it, "are on probation. You'd better impress me."Great. Now I was talking to guns.
Kevin Hart|I don't like the ironic tone that our pop culture, in the world, has taken. Everything is 'ironic.' Everything is 'cool.'
Murray Rothbard|War involves in its progress such a train of unforeseen circumstances that no human wisdom can calculate the end; it has but one thing certain, and that is to increase taxes.
Joan Clark|Hope is a flicker, a candle flame kept burning by the simple act of breathing.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|To put it differently, as long as mind and heart are caught up in want, in desire, there must be emptiness.You want things, ideas, persons, only when you are conscious of your own emptiness, and that wanting creates a choice.When there is craving there must be choice, and choice precipitates you into the conflict of experiences.You have the capacity to choose, and thereby you limit yourself by your choice. Only when mind is free from choice is there liberation.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the reality looks extraordinarily unreal, you must know that you are in an extraordinarily beautiful place!
Jane Brox, Brilliant: The Evolution of Artificial Light|To reach the farthest chamber of Lascaux, it's likely a man had to snuff out his light, lower himself down a shaft with a rope made of twisted fibers, and then rekindle his lamp in the dark so as to draw the woolly rhinoceros, the half horse, and the raging bison there. A long spear transfixes that bison, and entrails pour from its side. Beneath its front hooves lies the one painted man in all of Lascaux: prone, spindly wounded, disguised behind a bird mask. And below him, until its discovery in 196o, lay a spoon-shaped lamp carved of red sandstone ... Hold it again as it once was held, and the animals will emerge out of darkness as you pass. Nothing stays still. Shadows nestle in the cavities; a flicker of light across pale protruding rock turns a hoof or raises a head. One shape recedes as another emerges, and everything lingers in the imagination.
Stan Sakai|I was not born with a gold or silver spoon in my mouth. If i'm here today looking all successful and standing proudly, its because of the recipe i concocted throughout my life. The ingredient?No big secret; hard-work, dedication,sacrifices, knowledge of my teachers and blessing of my parents. Yes, my friend i'm a self made man.
David Brier|When it comes to branding and the ever-changing social media phenomenon, you’re not a mushroom. In other words, you shouldn’t be kept in the dark and fed a pile of...well, you get the idea.
Thomas Huxley|One of the most interesting things about science fiction and fantasy is the way that the genres can offer different perspectives on matters to do with the body, the mind, medical technology, and the way we live our lives.
Larken Rose|If you personally advocate that I be caged if I don't pay for whatever "government" things YOU want, please don't pretend to be tolerant, or non-violent, or enlightened, or compassionate. Don't pretend you believe in "live and let live," and don't pretend you want peace, freedom or harmony. It's a simple truism that the only people in the world who are willing to "live and let live" are voluntaryists. So you can either PRETEND to care about and respect your fellow man while continuing to advocate widespread authoritarian violence, or you can embrace the concepts of self-ownership and peaceful coexistence, and become an anarchist.
Glenn Greenwald, No Place to Hide: Edward Snowden, the NSA, and the U.S. Surveillance State|In video games, one of the most helpless against injustice can even mighty.
Toni Collette|The heart of another is a dark forest, always, no matter how close it has been to one's own.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you can be very impartial in analysing your own past, then you will have a much better future!
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Yes, the world is an illusion. But Truth is always being shown there.
Cédric Klapisch|...about a spiritual path, seeing the validity in all paths, and knowing that religion can help or hamper the path. The teachings in every religion are valuable. It is humanity that has bogged down in dogma and rules. Loving and practicing the teachings that ring true is the key.
Kevin Powers, The Yellow Birds|We were not destined to survive. The fact is, we were not destined at all. The war would take what it could get.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Every day is getting worseDo the same things and they hurtI don't know if I should cryAll I know is that I'm tryin' I wanna believe in you, I wanna believe in you So why can't you be, be good to me....
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I enjoyed the meetings, too. It was like having friends.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|He loved books, those undemanding but faithful friends.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|While God’s will is that every marriage will endure, man’s sin has poisoned many relationships.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Every November of my boyhood, we put on red poppies and attended highly patriotic services in remembrance of those who had 'given' their lives. But on what assurance did we know that these gifts had really been made? Only the survivors—the living—could attest to it. In order to know that a person had truly laid down his life for his friends, or comrades, one would have to hear it from his own lips, or at least have heard it promised in advance. And that presented another difficulty. Many brave and now dead soldiers had nonetheless been conscripts. The known martyrs—those who actually, voluntarily sought death and rejoiced in the fact—had been the kamikaze pilots, immolating themselves to propitiate a 'divine' emperor who looked (as Orwell once phrased it) like a monkey on a stick. Their Christian predecessors had endured torture and death (as well as inflicted it) in order to set up a theocracy. Their modern equivalents would be the suicide murderers, who mostly have the same aim in mind. About people who set out to lose their lives, then, there seems to hang an air of fanaticism: a gigantic sense of self-importance unattractively fused with a masochistic tendency to self-abnegation. Not wholesome. your life?
Stanley Crawford, Log of the S.S. the Mrs. Unguentine|Finally when he climbed below deck after dark, wondering where his dinner was, perhaps with a storm come up and rough seas and blinding rains, I'd sulk and lure him into the warm and steamy darkness and from the hairs of his warm body I'd breed a myriad smiling, sparkle-eyed one-year-olds, my broods, my flocks. In the churning seas, below the waves, together inside our hammock woven in coarse sailcloth by Unguentine's deft hands, a spherical webbed sack which hung and swivelled between the two walls of our bedroom, we would spin round and round with lapping tongues and the soft suction of lips, whirling, our amorous centrifuge, all night long, zipped inside against the elements. Now, years and years later, those nights, the thought and touch of them is enough to make me throw myself down on the ground and roll in the dust like a hen nibbled by mites, generating clouds, stars and all the rest.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|It’s yummy to love yourself. It feels good. When you truly love yourself, you are radiant, charismatic and irresistible to your SoulMate.
Gwyneth Paltrow|I'm used to being in front of camera and knowing what to think. But if you're asking me to be me, I get very self-conscious. My job isn't to be me. Being an actor, people think you can do a eulogy at a funeral, a speech at a wedding. I find all that very nerve-racking.
Jonathon Miller Weisberger, Rainforest Medicine: Preserving Indigenous Science and Biodiversity in the Upper Amazon|Among the Secoya, clear guidelines regulate preparation of the medicine. They are adamant about this preparation method and insist that the guidelines be followed. I've already discussed some fundamentals of harvesting the plants. When respected, all the elements and subtle factors combine to make a potent and efficacious medicine, necessary for a positive and healing ceremony.
Onyi Anyado|Your price makes a statement about your credibility. The more you charge, the more people respect you!
Casey Affleck|For a change, lady luck seemed to be smiling on me. Then again, maybe the fickle wench was just lulling me into a false sense of security while she reached for a rock.
T.K. Naliaka, Iron Mixed with Sand Salt without Memory|Discipline at the office had long been enforced by use of three methods: the meeting of the first kind, the meeting of the second kind, and the meeting of the third kind.
Ted Chiang, The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate|Inquisitor Lorsen's thin lip curled. "There is truly nothing in you of what separates man from animal, is there? You are bereft of conscience. An utter absence of morality. You have no principle beyond the selfish."Cosca's face hardened as he leaned forwards. "Perhaps when you have faced as many disappointments and suffered as many betrayals as I, you will see it - there is no principle beyond the selfish, Inquisitor, and men are animals. Conscience is a burden we choose to bear. Morality is the lie we tell ourselves to make its bearing easier. There have been many times in my life when I have wished it was not so. But it is so.
Dorothea Dix|The mission of my company is to bring three things to the world through entertainment: joy, happiness, and change. We must believe our precious time is being used to make a product worth more than anything else we could be doing.
Paula Deen|If food were free, why work?
Howard Tayler|He who whets his steel, whets his courage
James St. James, Party Monster: A Fabulous But True Tale of Murder in Clubland|NOW, touching this business of old Jeeves – my man, you know – how do we stand? Lots of people think I’m much too dependent on him. My Aunt Agatha, in fact, has even gone so far as to call him my keeper. Well, what I say is: Why not? The man’s a genius.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No form of government has been able to establish righteousness, justice, and peace, the three elements without which we can never have continued national prosperity or international peace.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|Up to this point, it was rare for the mad to be distinguished from the poor, the homeless, the indigent, beggars, vagabonds, petty criminals and others who were unable to fit into society or take care of themselves. It was rare, too, that they were locked up.
Paul A. Cohen, Discovering History in China: American Historical Writing on the Recent Chinese Past|Is it really true... that our aim as historians is in some sense to recapture past reality, “to retrieve the truth about the past?” If so, what do “past reality” and “the truth about the past” mean? How does the historian’s understanding of “reality” and “truth” differ—as most surely it does—from that of the direct participant? And what implications does this difference have for what we do as historians? It is not likely that questions of this sort will ever be finally answered. Yet clearly we must keep asking such questions if we are to maintain the highest levels of honesty and self-awareness concerning our work as historians.
Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading|All these are readers, and their gestures, their craft, the pleasure, the responsibility and the power they derive from reading, are common with mine. I am not alone.
Theresa May|Community organizing is all about building grassroots support. It's about identifying the people around you with whom you can create a common, passionate cause. And it's about ignoring the conventional wisdom of company politics and instead playing the game by very different rules.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
Aleksandra Layland, Of Wisdom and Valor: The Art of War. The Path of Peace.|The source of evil is desire, greed, and anger.
Robert Burns|Gin a body meet a bodyComing thro' the rye,Gin a body kiss a body— Need a body cry?
Debasish Mridha|Living is more often than not, existing. I want to be alive, with love, joy, and be exciting.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|I didn't know a van could go up on two wheels like that, for so long." -Nudge
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter By Design|And as we should all know by now, anytime you predict failure you have an excellent chance of being right.
Siri Hustvedt, Mysteries of the Rectangle: Essays on Painting|In effect, painting is the still memory of [the artist's] human motion, and our individual responses to it depend on who we are, on our character, which underlines the simple truth that no person leaves himself behind in order to look at a painting.
Alex Tizon|I play a little guitar, write a few tunes, make a few movies, but none of that's really me. The real me is something else.
Noam Chomsky|Health is your greatest wealth, so experiencing a marathon and seeing what you're capable of is really special.
Ehud Olmert|I just think technology is pretty amazing. Like all things that are great, you have to be responsible about how much you use it.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad Poor Dad|I look at my students and have no trouble picturing just how successful they should be, if only we could remove them from the impetuses that brought them to the facility. If we could move them away from gangs. If we could get them into a rehab that stuck. If we could take them from people who abuse their trust, safety, and bodies.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In this life, only one thing is needful ; God's grace.
Mike McHargue|People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda.
Sara Sheridan, Secret of the Sands|I am more one for the story, I think, than the action.
Joaquim Barbosa|At a time when special interest money is being showered on legislators in Washington, grassroots donors offer members of Congress a refreshing independence. The $25 and $50 donor is not looking for special favors. He or she is simply expecting their Congressman to go do the right thing.
Aldous Huxley|She didn’t watch the dead, ancient bone-chess cities slide under, or the old canals filled with emptiness and dreams. Past dry rivers and dry lakes they flew, like a shadow of the moon, like a torch burning.
Pola Muzyka, Escape the Hezbollah|You see, Yousef, you can't force someone in their hearts to believe the way you do. They all tried and failed. They judged by their own convictions--not even by the truth of the teachings of Isa. No one is above God's judgment. No one has the right to judge for him.
Suzanne Selfors, Kiss and Spell|Once she'd graduated from Ever After High, she'd open her own chain of bakeries. She'd publish cookbooks and create an entire line of gourmet treats under her label, Ginger's Goodies. By sharing her talents on a larger scale, she'd help make the world a happier place. For Ginger Breadhouse believed, with every ounce, gram, and sprinkle of her soul, that good food was one of the secret ingredients to happiness. Whether in times of celebration or sadness, beautifully prepared goodies had the power to bring people together.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to do great thing, but don't forget to do small things with great care and great love.
Alan Moore, From Hell|Not according to this," Jazz said, taking the report. "No evidence of sexual activity or anything like it.""Well, there's that," Howie said, sounding relieved. Jazz wondered at that - was it really so much better to be unmolested, but still murdered in a horrible fashion? To die in pain and terror, stripped, left in a field, your fingers cut off? But as long as you weren't raped, well, that was alright, then? Did it really matter at that point?
Ankala V Subbarao|Embrace death, dance with it a while, and finally fall prey to it.
Marshall McLuhan|Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I don't envy "busy." Busy means having a schedule, not living life. What I really covet is leisure and peace of mind. Those who have both, have it all.
Billy Graham|Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
Anne Lamott|Seeing yourself in print is such an amazing concept: you can get so much attention without having to actually show up somewhere. While others who have something to say or who want to be effectual, like musicians or baseball players or politicians, have to get out there in front of people, writers, who tend to be shy, get to stay home and still be public.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|Africa must remain on the path of democracy. But democracy MUST also remain about the PEOPLE, not about power
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|My own mother, who's always dazzled by my faculty and answering questions in the literature a category on Jeopardy whenever we watch it together, keeps urging me to try to get on the show to make all those years spent reading finally pay off. Leave me alone I'm reading
Jesus I. Aldapuerta, The Eyes: Emetic Fables from the Andalusian de Sade|Consider the capacity of the human body for pleasure. Sometimes, it is pleasant to eat, to drink, to see, to touch, to smell, to hear, to make love. The mouth. The eyes. The fingertips, The nose. The ears. The genitals. Our voluptific faculties (if you will forgive me the coinage) are not exclusively concentrated here. The whole body is susceptible to pleasure, but in places there are wells from which it may be drawn up in greater quantity. But not inexhaustibly. How long is it possible to know pleasure? Rich Romans ate to satiety, and then purged their overburdened bellies and ate again. But they could not eat for ever. A rose is sweet, but the nose becomes habituated to its scent. And what of the most intense pleasures, the personality-annihilating ecstasies of sex? I am no longer a young man; even if I chose to discard my celibacy I would surely have lost my stamina, re-erecting in half-hours where once it was minutes. And yet if youth were restored to me fully, and I engaged again in what was once my greatest delight – to be fellated at stool by nymphet with mouth still blood-heavy from the necessary precautions – what then? What if my supply of anodontic premenstruals were never-ending, what then? Surely, in time, I should sicken of it.“Even if I were a woman, and could string orgasm on orgasm like beads on a necklace, in time I should sicken of it. Do you think Messalina, in that competition of hers with a courtesan, knew pleasure as much on the first occasion as the last? Impossible.“Yet consider.“Consider pain.“Give me a cubic centimeter of your flesh and I could give you pain that would swallow you as the ocean swallows a grain of salt. And you would always be ripe for it, from before the time of your birth to the moment of your death, we are always in season for the embrace of pain. To experience pain requires no intelligence, no maturity, no wisdom, no slow working of the hormones in the moist midnight of our innards. We are always ripe for it. All life is ripe for it. Always.
Bradley Wiggins|Lyndon B. Johnson thought he'd have the boys home from Vietnam by Christmas - for four Christmases in a row (he never shifted course, and lost his presidency for it).
Laurie R. King, A Monstrous Regiment of Women|I could never, I knew then, lose myself "in love." Margery had accused me of coldness, and she was right, but she was also wrong: For me, for always, the paramount organ of passion was the mind. Unnatural, unbalanced, perhaps, but it was true: Without intellect, there could be no love.
Elizabeth Cary, The Tragedy of Mariam|Move thy tongue,For silence is a sign of discontent.
Zhang Zhidong|Well, knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severely for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since.
Libba Bray, The Diviners|The poets and philosophers I once loved had it wrong. Death does not come to us all, nor does the passage of time dim our memories and reduce our bodies to dust. Because while I was considered dead, and a headstone had been engraved with my name, in truth my life was just beginning.
Chrys Cymri, The Dragon Throne|The Prancer stepped back and studied her for a moment. Then, with a gleam in his eye, he said, 'All unicorns know the Land. Few humans do. But no unicorn knows how to brew ale.''I’m glad humans have some use.''Only those who can brew ale.
Mark Twain, The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain|Unbalanced and low levels of hormones have been associated with numerous chronic problems and age-related conditions. Along with many other actions, hormones are chemical messengers; they signal the cells to become younger or older, to slow or increase multiplication, to be immunologically responsive or lazy.
Erik Pevernagie|Consumption can be a remedy against boredom and may convey a sense of fictitious power and supremacy, by standing out from the crowd through the extravagance of the expenditure. As it becomes an addiction, however, it might be cured, if the right medication is administered : humbleness and mindful discovery of the others. (“Buying now, dying later”)
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|There exists, for everyone, a sentence - a series of words - that has the power to destroy you. Another sentence exists, another series of words, that could heal you. If you're lucky you will get the second, but you can be certain of getting the first.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, A Princess of Mars|It's not how long you see something. It's how you intensely you feel it"From Central Park Song: a Screenplay
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|The liberation from ignorance and tyranny was a long war, because the oppressors always had the advantage. They smooth-talked the masses with lies and promises.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee|I have ever been the queerest mixture of weakness and strength, and have paid heavily for the weakness.
Ian Pearson|The ultimate computer game would be a 'total addiction' - a game that shapes itself to the elements you most like to play in such a manner that it totally satisfies you. You never want to stop playing. However, any self-configuring activity always has such risks inherent in it. Will we see one day the goverment insisting that games have time limiters the way that some motor vehicles have speed limiters?
Ilchi Lee, Peaceology: For Healing Society|Most people thought he was insane when he looked up into the sky with a simple handmade telescope and cried out that the Earth revolves around the Sun, because this was four years ago.
Luise Rainer|I suppose even when I was growing up, I noticed I was most happy when I was absorbed in something, lost in the moment and forgot the time, whether was conversation, movie, or a game I was playing. That was my definition of happiness. And I was least happy when I was all over the place, distracted and restless.
Julie Reece Deaver|There was nothing about youth that was fair: the young hadn't done anything to deserve it, and the old hadn't done anything to drive it away.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|You can't kill me. Even if you could, you can't bring yourself to do it. You'll hesitate. Again.
David Weber, Ashes of Victory|This just gets worse and worse," Rob Pierre sighed as he skimmed Leonard Boardman's synopsis of his latest gleanings from the Solarian League reporters covering the PRH. "How can one person—one person, Oscar!—do this much damage? She's like some damned elemental force of nature!""Harrington?" Oscar Saint-Just quirked an eyebrow and snorted harshly at Pierre's nodded confirmation."She's just happened to be in the right places—or the wrong ones, I suppose, from our perspective—for the last, oh, ten years or so. That's the official consensus from my analysts, at least. The other theory, which seems to have been gaining a broader following of late, is that she's in league with the Devil.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If you have a dream, keep it. But write it down and take appropriate actions to see it manifest.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|She had signed her own death-warrant. He kept telling himself over and over that he was not to blame, she had brought it on herself. He had never seen the man. He knew there was one. He had known for six weeks now. Little things had told him. One day he came home and there was a cigar-butt in an ashtray, still moist at one end, still warm at the other. There were gasoline-drippings on the asphalt in front of their house, and they didn't own a car. And it wouldn't be a delivery-vehicle, because the drippings showed it had stood there a long time, an hour or more. And once he had actually glimpsed it, just rounding the far corner as he got off the bus two blocks down the other way. A second-hand Ford. She was often very flustered when he came home, hardly seemed to know what she was doing or saying at all.He pretended not to see any of these things; he was that type of man, Stapp, he didn't bring his hates or grudges out into the open where they had a chance to heal. He nursed them in the darkness of his mind. That's a dangerous kind of a man.If he had been honest with himself, he would have had to admit that this mysterious afternoon caller was just the excuse he gave himself, that he'd daydreamed of getting rid of her long before there was any reason to, that there had been something in him for years past now urging Kill, kill, kill. Maybe ever since that time he'd been treated at the hospital for a concussion.("Three O'Clock")
Edmund White, My Lives|The most important things in our intimate lives can't be discussed with strangers, except in books.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|What should I take? Something that will not be missed. In the wood at midnight, a magic flower.
Larry David|Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.
Patricia A. Wolf, Christmas with a Bite|You are quite the surprise," he whispered softly, clasping her shoulders and eyeing her mouthwatering lips. "You have no idea what you're doing to me.
Guru R.H.H.|If you don't follow through on your creative ideas, someone else will pick them up and use them. When you get an idea of this sort, you should jump in with both feet, not just stick your toe in the water… Be daring, be fearless, and don't be afraid that somebody is going to criticize you or laugh at you. If your ego is not involved no-one can hurt you.
Lara Adrian, For 100 Days|Art is meant to provoke emotions, Avery. Its sole purpose is to arouse our senses, even if it disturbs. Even if it’s ugly. Even if it fucking scares the living shit out of you.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|During the 24/7 grind of being a carer, it's all to easy to forget the fact that the person you're doing so much for is, and is obliged to be, more resourceful than you in many respects.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|Can't sleep?" he murmured, the corners of his eyes crinkling.	She blushed, but held his gaze. "Don't wish to sleep."	"Mmm. I can help with that."...	"Do you have anything particular in mind?"	"Everything.
Katie Alender, Bad Girls Don't Die|I'll be a son of a bitch," Patrick said.Aidan could barely make his eyes move, forcing them from the papers onto him. "What?"“I make a living, even life and death judgments, by reading peoples' body language, their raw reactions to situations. And I'd almos swear you've never seen those documents before.""Well," Aidan said, swallowing hard, calculating what fame and money had cost him. "I'd say you're damn good at your job, because I haven't.
Bill Flores|I've always been very interested in the question of how computation can fundamentally advance the things that we can see. This led me to have a fascination with medical imaging, especially things like MRI and scanning, and eventually computer graphics.
Michio Kaku|I don't feel restless, I just like to travel.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Cole,” I said, “do you think I’m lovable?”“As in ‘cuddly and’?”“As in ‘able to be loved,’” I said.Cole’s gaze was unwavering. Just for a moment, I had the strange idea that I could see exactly what he had looked like when he was younger, and exactly what he’d look like when he was older. It was piercing, a secret glimpse of his future. “Maybe,” he said. “But you won’t let anybody try.”I closed my eyes and swallowed. “I can’t tell the diference between not fighting,” I said,“and giving up.”Despite my eyelids being tightly shut, a single, hot tear ran out of my left eye. I was so angry that it had escaped. I was so angry.Beneath me, the bed tipped as Cole edged closer. I felt him lean over me. His breath, warm and measured, hit my cheek. Two breaths. Three. Four. I didn’t know what I wanted. Then I heard him stop breathing, and a second later, I felt his lips on my mouth. It wasn’t the sort of kiss I’d had with him before, hungry, wanting, desperate. It wasn’t the sort of kiss I’d had with anyone before. This kiss was so soft that it was like a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it waslike a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it was like someone running his fingers along them. My mouth parted and stilled; it was so quiet, a whisper, not a shout. Cole’s hand touched my neck, thumb pressed into theskin next to my jaw. It wasn’t a touch that said “I need more”. It was a touch that said “I want this.”It was all completely soundless. I didn’t think either of us was breathing.Cole sat back up, slowly, and I opened my eyes. His expression, as ever, was blank, the face he wore when something mattered.He said, “That’s how I would kiss you, if I loved you.
Helen Keller|Many scholars forget, it seems to me, that our enjoyment of the great works of literature depends more upon the depth of our sympathy than upon our understanding. The trouble is that very few of their laborious explanations stick in the memory. The mind drops them as a branch drops its overripe fruit. ... Again and again I ask impatiently, "Why concern myself with these explanations and hypotheses?" They fly hither and thither in my thought like blind birds beating the air with ineffectual wings. I do not mean to object to a thorough knowledge of the famous works we read. I object only to the interminable comments and bewildering criticisms that teach but one thing: there are as many opinions as there are men.
Kandi Steiner, Tag Chaser|I resented you for inserting yourself so fully into my life, and then one day I realized I couldn't imagine my life without you...
Monica Crowley|I just think Rosa Parks was overrated. Last time I checked, she got famous for breaking the law.
Geoff Hoon|You got to fight for quality art and equality and all the things that we're fighting for, the things we believe in. Choice and preference and all those things that we support. We don't want to give up that fight. You got to keep doing it.
C. JoyBell C.|In the beginning, it is difficult and even painful to see the faults in yourself, the flaws in your soul, the error of your ways. But I have come to love the moments when I see my flaws and I spot my errors! It is one of the most beautiful things, really! Because it is when we see our own flaws and our own errors that we can find the opposite of those things! It is when we see our own flaws and our own errors that we can see that there is so much more room to become better! And so I have come to actually rejoice when I find something wrong with me! And I know when it’s really wrong because I can see it and I can feel it in my heart both at the same time— it is a revelation. It’s not something that comes from any external source; but it is my own spirit and the voice of God revealing these things to me, unfolding them, rolling them out of a silken cloth at my feet. And I smile.
Susan Wittig Albert, Cat's Claw|There are two things you should never do alone: one is get divorced, the other is drink.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|Sometimes things happen that give me cause to believe I no longer exist. Car park barriers which do not lift when I drive towards them, automatic doors which do not open automatically as I approach.
Peter Thiel, Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future|When we think about the future, we hope for a future of progress. That progress can take one of two forms. Horizontal or extensive progress means copying things that work—going from 1 to n. Horizontal progress is easy to imagine because we already know what it looks like. Vertical or intensive progress means doing new things—going from 0 to 1. Vertical progress is harder to imagine because it requires doing something nobody else has ever done. If you take one typewriter and build 100, you have made horizontal progress. If you have a typewriter and build a word processor, you have made vertical progress.
Euginia Herlihy|Dream chasers are full of strength, are full of desire, are passionate and they cling unto their dreams until they produce life.
Karl R. Popper, The Open Society and Its Enemies|I do not believe that human lives may be made the means for satisfying an artist's desire for self-expression. We must demand, rather, that every man should be given, if he wishes, the right to model his life himself, as far as this does not interfere too much with others. Much as I may sympathize with the aesthetic impulse, I suggest that the artist might seek expression in another material. Politics, I demand, must uphold equalitarian and individualistic principles; dreams of beauty have to submit to the necessity of helping men in distress, and men who suffer injustice; and to the necessity of constructing institutions to serve such purposes.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Chase your stars fool, life is short. 
Tommy Cotton, Just Went Out for Milk|Every novel has at least three stories. Of course, there’s story in its pages. But then there’s the story of its writing. And there’s also the story of its reaching, or not reaching, the bigger world of its readers.
Joseph Boyden, Through Black Spruce|The story of John Ritter illustrates what it means to be a hero and how we treat our heroes. When we idealize real people they lose their humanity. They are turned into idols that we worship and may later want to destroy. Heroes are transformed from conscious-feeling fellow homo sapiens into characters in our stories. The greatest hero-characters will become legends or even mythic characters. We might think we know them, but when they are idolized they become more like treasured memories, existing in our minds as archetypal characters, rather than living-breathing human beings with thoughts and feelings of their own.
Travis Bradberry|Real, sustainable community change requires the initiative and engagement of community members.
C. JoyBell C.|Sometimes, I miss so much the person that I was before the world tore me up in so many places. If only "they" could have just let me stay that way.
John J. Ratey|Exercise is not an instant cure, but you need to get your brain working again, and if you move your body your brain won't have any choice.
Victoria Van Tiem, Love Like the Movies|She drank in the sight of him, sure that anything so perfect had to be a dream. He seemed bigger with just a towel wrapped around his waist. It was amazing what wonders clothing could hide. Over six feet of long muscled male. Bronzed skin, lightly dusted with hair seemed to glow as he walked towards her. He moved like an athlete. Strong, confident strides that ate up the distance between them in no time. Her hands wanted to touch him, anywhere, everywhere. His impossibly flat, firm stomach seemed to call out for her mouth to trace the ridges; her tongue eagerly memorizing every smooth, muscled inch. “Lose the towel.” She wasn’t asking, she was pleading. Jack let the cloth fall to the floor. Eyes wide Rose gasped. Mother Nature had been very kind to Jack Winston, and she was about to be a very grateful beneficiary. “Rose, sweetheart,” Jack stepped back when she would have touched him. “Oh, come on, Jack,” she groaned in frustration. “I’ve been a very good girl. Now it’s time for my reward.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Tears only dry up as a result of hardness of the heart, and the hearts only harden as a result of frequent sinning.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|I was coming to see the heavier your heart got, the strongest you had to be to keep carrying it around.
|Love is invisible; yet, it's a very beautiful experience to those who know the true value of it.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|In the darkest of times, laughter helps revolutionize our perspective.
Obiora Embry|There is also a dimension of patience which links it to a special reverence for life. Patience is a willingness, in a sense, to watch the unfolding purposes of God with a sense of wonder and awe, rather than pacing up and down within the cell of our circumstance. Put another way, too much anxious opening of the oven door and the cake falls instead of rising. So it is with us. If we are always selfishly taking our temperature to see if we are happy, we will not be.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.
Margaret Mead|When you stop learning, stop listening, stop looking and asking questions, always new questions, then it is time to die.
A.D. Marrow, Love and Other Cosmic Nonsense|Men fight for lots of different reasons--some good, some really dumb--but as long as we can use our fists, we give it our all. It's when we have to fight with our hearts that we give nothing and end up with even less in return. Whether you want to admit it or not, Ev, that woman is your all or nothing.- Reid to Evan
Susan C. Young|When you rearrange, make it meaningful and significant. Don’t rearrange just for the sake of rearranging. It would be as “pointless as rearranging the chairs on the deck of the Titanic.” In other words, why waste your time on frivolous activities which could be easily undone or do nothing to contribute to the solution of your problem?
Om Puri|For me, personally, skiing holds everything. I used to race cars, but skiing is a step beyond that. It removes the machinery and puts you one step closer to the elements. And it's a complete physical expression of freedom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I count my blessings, it is immeasurable
Jane Austen, Emma|What had she to wish for? Nothing, but to grow more worthy of him whose intentions and judgment had been ever so superior to her own.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If there’s one thing that’s irrefutably absurd, it’s believing that we can separate intelligence from wisdom and still have it be intelligence.
Richard Feynman|[Doubt] is not a new idea; this is the idea of the age of reason. This is the philosophy that guided the men who made the democracy that we live under. The idea that no one really knew how to run a government led to the idea that we should arrange a system by which new ideas could be developed, tried out, and tossed out if necessary, with more new ideas bought in - a trial-and-error system. This method was a result of the fact that science was already showing itself to be a successful venture at the end of the eighteenth century. Even then it was clear to socially minded people that the openness of possibilities was an opportunity, and that doubt and discussion were essential to progress into the unknown. If we want to solve a problem that we have never solved before, we must leave the door to the unknown ajar...doubt is not to be feared, but welcomed and discussed.
Tate Hallaway, Tall, Dark  &  Dead|The skanky vamp biting for bucks on the dark end of state street is your ex boyfriend?" William asked. The look on William's face implied he hoped I washed after interacting with Parrish
Dorothy Parker|Take me or leave me; or, as is the usual order of things, both.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|I’m tired of sitting. I’m tired of watching everyone else work. I can set my own limits, Amelia. Let me do as I wish.” “No.” Incredulously Amelia watched as Win picked up a broom from the corner. “Win, put that down and stop being silly!” Annoyance whipped through her. “You’re not going to help anyone by expending all your reserves on menial tasks.” “I can do it.” Win gripped the broom handle with both hands as if she sensed Amelia was on the verge of wrenching it away from her. “I won’t overtax myself.” “Put down the broom.” “Leave me alone,” Win cried. “Go dust something!” “Win, if you don’t—” Amelia’s attention was diverted as she saw her sister’s gaze fly to the kitchen threshold. Merripen stood there, his broad shoulders filling the doorway. Although it was early morning, he was already dusty and perspiring, his shirt clinging to the powerful contours of his chest and waist. He wore an expression they knew well—the implacable one that meant you could move a mountain with a teaspoon sooner than change his mind about something. Approaching Win, he extended a broad hand in a wordless demand. They were both motionless. But even in their stubborn opposition, Amelia saw a singular connection, as if they were locked in an eternal stalemate from which neither wanted to break free. Win gave in with a helpless scowl. “I have nothing to do.” It was rare for her to sound so peevish. “I’m sick of sitting and reading and staring out the window. I want to be useful. I want…” Her voice trailed away as she saw Merripen’s stern face. “Fine, then. Take it!” She tossed the broom at him, and he caught it reflexively. “I’ll just find a corner somewhere and quietly go mad. I’ll—” “Come with me,” Merripen interrupted calmly. Setting the broom aside, he left the room. Win exchanged a perplexed glance with Amelia, her vehemence fading. “What is he doing?” “I have no idea.” The sisters followed him down a hallway to the dining room, which was spattered with rectangles of light from the tall multipaned windows that lined one wall. A scarred table ran down the center of the room, every available inch covered with dusty piles of china … towers of cups and saucers, plates of assorted sizes sandwiched together, bowls wrapped in tattered scraps of gray linen. There were at least three different patterns all jumbled together. “It needs to be sorted,” Merripen said, gently nudging Win toward the table. “Many pieces are chipped. They must be separated from the rest.” It was the perfect task for Win, enough to keep her busy but not so strenuous that it would exhaust her. Filled with gratitude, Amelia watched as her sister picked up a teacup and held it upside down. The husk of a tiny dead spider dropped to the floor. “What a mess,” Win said, beaming. “I’ll have to wash it, too, I suppose.” “If you’d like Poppy to help—” Amelia began. “Don’t you dare send for Poppy,” Win said. “This is my project, and I won’t share it.” Sitting at a chair that had been placed beside the table, she began to unwrap pieces of china.
Jean Paul|I'm fascinated how often and with what whole-heartedness people will risk their lives to perform acts of courage, sacrifice, and compassion for total strangers.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What liberated our souls, we live to serve.
Anajo Black|You never see the Future coming, You only Realize you are in the Future
Emil M. Cioran|How simple love would be, Younger Brother, if we only had to bestow it on those who deserved it. Yet what would it be worth? If you gave a poor man a silver coin then that would be a gift. If you expected him to pay you back, then that would make it a loan. We do not loan our love, Lantern. We give it freely.
Bob Newhart|Do I believe in arbitration? I do. But not in arbitration between the lion and the lamb, in which the lamb is in the morning found inside the lion.
Marilyn L Rice|Yesterday has gone, never to return. It is the past and over; learn from its mistakes and look to the future with optimism.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|It is always the same. Whether you are walking or going by train, the way always seems shorter the second time than the first. (And that is true of distances that are not to be measured in miles and yards.)
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|I picked up the blue tube again, unscrewed the cap, and squeezed a perfect line of paint onto the palate. As soon as I brushed it on the canvas, I was responsible for it, for the inevitable imperfections. My world had always been like that paint, left on a palate. That color was a passive observer. But not it wanted to make something of itself. And I was terrified.
Charlotte Eriksson|You learn, finally, that you'll die, and so you try to hang on to your own life, that gentle, naive kid you used to be, but then after a while the sentiment takes over, and the sadness, because you know for a fact that you can't ever bring any of it back again. You just can't.
Ludwig von Mises, Omnipotent Government|Not content with the liberal creed of equality of rights, of equality before the law, the socialist State would trample on such equality on behalf of the monstrous and impossible goal of equality or uniformity of results--or rather, would erect a new privileged elite, a new class, in the name of bringing about such an impossible equality. Socialism was a confused and hybrid movement because it tried to achieve the lbieral goals of freedom, peace and industrial harmony and growth--goals which can only be achieved through liberty and the seperation of government from virtuallty--by imposting the old conservative means of statism, collectivism, and hierarchical privilege.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Little White Horse|...The simple little words came easily, fitting themselves to the tune that had come out of the harpsichord. It didn't seem to her that she made them up at all. It seemed to her that they flew in from the rose-garden, through the open window, like a lot of butterflies, poised themselves on the point of her pen, and fell off it on to the paper.
Liane Moriarty, The Husband's Secret|Observing people taking in the work I had watched Robert create was an emotional experience. It had left our private world. It was what I had always wanted for him, but I felt a slight pang of possessiveness sharing it with others. Overriding that feeling was the joy of seeing Robert's face, suffused with confirmation, as he glimpsed the future he had so resolutely sought and had worked so hard to achieve.
Charles Beaumont, Shock!|One thing about London is that when you step out into the night, it swallows you.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Tris!” Four calls out. Will and I exchange a look, half surprise and half apprehension. Four pulls away from the railing and walksup to me. Ahead of us, Al and Christina stop running, and Christina slides to the ground. I don’t blame them for staring. There are four of us, and Four is only talking to me.“You look different.” His words, normally crisp, are now sluggish.“So do you,” I say. And he does—he looks more relaxed, younger. “What are you doing?”“Flirting with death,” he replies with a laugh. “Drinking near the chasm. Probably not a good idea.”“No, it isn’t.” I’m not sure I like Four this way. There’s something unsettling about it.“Didn’t know you had a tattoo,” he says, looking at my collarbone.He sips the bottle. His breath smells thick and sharp. Like the factionless man’s breath.“Right. The crows,” he says. He glances over his shoulder at his friends, who are carrying on without him, unlike mine. He adds,“I’d ask you to hang out with us, but you’re not supposed to see me this way.”I am tempted to ask him why he wants me to hang out with him, but I suspect the answer has something to do with the bottle inhis hand.“What way?” I ask. “Drunk?”“Yeah...well, no.” His voice softens. “Real, I guess.”“I’ll pretend I didn’t.”“Nice of you.” He puts his lips next to my ear and says, “You look good, Tris.”His words surprise me, and my heart leaps. I wish it didn’t, because judging by the way his eyes slide over mine, he has no ideawhat he’s saying. I laugh. “Do me a favor and stay away from the chasm, okay?”“Of course.” He winks at me.
Eileen Anglin|As you lay yourself down to sleep tonight, think of something you are grateful for. Bless someone who was kind to you, and forgive someone who wasn't.
anne idris|im the type of talkactive person, but once im silent. that only have two things,first ; im falling in love,second ; I hate Liar.they could be both ; yes im falling in love with a Liar.
Albert Einstein|He who joyfully marches to music rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would surely suffice. This disgrace to civilization should be done away with at once. Heroism at command, senseless brutality, deplorable love-of-country stance and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism, how violently I hate all this, how despicable and ignoble war is; I would rather be torn to shreds than be part of so base an action! It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder.
Kate Capshaw|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Alan Sugar|I never wore a tie voluntarily, even though I was forced to wear one for photos when I was young and for official events at school. I used to wrap my tie in a newspaper, and whenever the teacher checked I would quickly put it on again. I'm not used to it. Most Bolivians don't wear ties.
Laura Kreitzer|We are in a boy recession," Eugene repeats. "There's been a sudden, drastic decrease in the male population at this school. And I'm gonna take advantage of it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|He's an intelligent man, but it takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.
Adele          Rose, Possession|Clearly, she hadn’t heard of the two words ‘social’ and ‘life’.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|It's a house. No more and no less. There isn't a structure on earth that could last forever. But a family goes on."-Leo
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Lift up the weak; inspire the ignorant... Rescue the failures; encourage the deprived! Live to give... Don't only hustle for survival. Go, and settle for revival!
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Nights would have been expressionlesshad it not been for the moon.The moon, I say, is a mood.
Ryan Holmes|People interact with their phones very differently than they do with their PCs, and I think that when you design from the ground up with mobile in mind, you create a very different product than going the other way.
Robert Shea, All Things Are Lights|It was then you'd have thought I'd been shot by a Taser, as paralyzed as I was at the sight of her - the perfect feminine form, the image hitting me with the velocity of a Slurpee-like brain-freeze, rendering me again the helpless, hapless male. Any trace of rationality or logic or even common sense that might've been there before is quickly abandoning ship, leaving Dickbrain at the helm and Lust navigating,
Philip Sidney, Astrophel and Stella|Come, Sleep; O Sleep! the certain knot of peace,The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,The poor man's wealth, the prisoner's release,Th' indifferent judge between the high and low;With shield of proof shield me from out the preaseOf those fierce darts Despair at me doth throw.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Unchained|You tempt the devil,” he whispered then laid his head down and sighed. “Angels always do.
Richard Bachman, The Long Walk|When I die, I wonder what will happen to me. Is there some place like heaven, and will I be able to meet you there someday? I don't know. There's no way to know. No one knows what comes after death. But at the very least, we won't be able to talk until then.There's a wide, deep and fast running river between the living and the dead. Once you cross that river, no matter what happens, you're never coming back. It's a one way trip.
Garth Nix, Superior Saturday|The door handle turned. Someone knocked, and a man's voice called, "Uh, hello?"Valkyrie looked at Skulduggery, looked back at the others, looked at Skulduggery again."Hello," Skulduggery said, speaking loudly to be heard over the alarm. "Hi," said the man. "The door's locked.""Is it?""Yes.""That's funny" said Skulduggery. "Hold on a moment." He reached out, jiggled the handle a few times, then stepped back. "Yes, it's locked. You wouldn't happen to have the key, would you?"There was a delay in response from the other side. "I'm sorry," the man called, "Who am I speaking 
Bob Harper|After college, I went on a real big classics kick. Read everything by Faulkner, Hemingway, Woolf, Proust, Dostoevsky. And that classics train dropped me off at 'Dracula.' Halfway through it, I understood I'd never be going back, never 'leaving' the genre again. Since then, I've been on a fairly strict horror diet.
Tariq Ramadan|You can't ignore the reality that faith and family, those two things are integral parts of having limited government, lower taxes, and free societies.
Paul Theroux|I think that one of the main privileges of what I do, which I am just starting to learn, is to have the ability to travel all over the world and experience different cultures.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Don’t let your mind drown out your intuitive voice, train your subconscious to be positive by using the heart intelligence.
Ashley Hay, The Railwayman's Wife|There’s some comfort in seeing things go on; birds keep singing, buses keep running. But if you want those things to continue, perhaps you have to accept that the other kinds of things, unhappier, even horrific ones, will continue too. And that’s harder.
Sarah Noffke, Awoken|The term ‘fell in love’ is apt, because it implies there is pain in the discovery. I didn’t ‘land softly in love’.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Deadmen Walking: A Deadman's Cross Novel|If your romance is dying, perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|I am afraid that our eyes are bigger than our stomachs, and that we have more curiosity than understanding. We grasp at everything, but catch nothing except wind.
Simon Paxton, Man Plan: How to Win at Life, Love, Work and Play by Australia's Only Japanese-speaking Kung Fu Black Belt Magician!|I challenge you to go after whatever it is you want in life. Don't die without trying to be all that you can be. In this book, I'm not encouraging you to sit back, nod and agree with me. I'm strongly encouraging you to go out and live your life to the full, do amazing things and be the best that you can be.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|There is an interplay between great leadership, events, trends, the organization, the people in it, the market 'out there' that goes far beyond one person exercising their will over others. That's not what leadership is any more.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|Basically, if you're not a utopianist, you're a schmuck.
Edmund Morgan|Independence I have long considered as the grand blessing of life, the basis of every virtue; and independence I will ever secure by contracting my wants, though I were to live on a barren heath.
Alan Cohen|The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|Primary purposes of a mirror: (1) To help civilized men realize their imperfections, and, (2) To help the imperfect hide their imperfections.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|And in me too the wave rises. It swells; it arches its back. I am aware once more of a new desire, something rising beneath me like the proud horse whose rider first spurs and then pulls him back. What enemy do we now perceive advancing against us, you whom I ride now, as we stand pawing this stretch of pavement? It is death. Death is the enemy. It is death against whom I ride with my spear couched and my hair flying back like a young man's, like Percival's, when he galloped in India. I strike spurs into my horse. Against you I will fling myself, unvanquished and unyielding, O Death!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|To conclude this personal note, I, William Joyce, will merely say that I left England because I would not fight for Jewry against the Führer and National Socialism, and because I believe most ardently, as I do today, that victory and a perpetuation of the old system would be an incomparably greater evil for [England] than defeat coupled with a possibility of building something new, something really national, something truly socialist.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.
Steven Brewis|There is no truth, only science and fiction.
G.K. Chesterton|The more laws and restrictions there are,The poorer people become....The more rules and regulations,The more thieves and robbers.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|AlmondineEventually, she understood the house was keeping a secret from her.All that winter and all through the spring Almondine had known something was going to happen, but no matter where she looked she couldn’t find it. Sometimes, when she entered a room, there was the feeling that the thing that was going to happen had just been there, and she would stop and pant and peer around while the feeling seeped away as mysteriously as it had arrived. Weeks might pass without a sign, and then a night would come, when, lying nose to tail beneath the window in the kitchen corner, listening to the murmur of conversation and the slosh and clink of dishes being washed, she felt it in the house again and she whisked her tail in long, pensive strokes across the baseboards and silently collected her feet beneath her and waited. When half an hour passed and nothing appeared, she groaned and sighed and rolled onto her back and waited to see if it was somewhere in her sleep.
William Penn|Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|Now it is quite true to say that curiosity, exactly like its analogue, lust, never ends and is never satisfied; but man was made for something more than this. He was made to rise, above curiosity and lust, to love, and through love to the attainment of truth.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Well, Daddy, I used to believe that artists went crazy in the process of creating the beautiful works of art that kept society sane. Nowadays, though, artists make intentionally ugly art that’s only supposed to reflect society rather than inspire it. So I guess we’re all loony together now, loony rats in the shithouse of commercialism.
Sun Tzu|Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, and in some ways that's about life too.
Kamand Kojouri|O woman, father says natural is beautifulso why do you redden your cheeks and blacken your eyes?Why do you remove the hair on your legsand draw them into your brows?Why do you hold your breathlest your stomach showand hold your fartlest they knowthat you’re a human? O woman, father says natural is beautifulso why do you straighten your hairto curl it nextand pretend to orgasm so they think you enjoyed the sex?Why do you dumb yourself downand push your breasts up?Why do you smile when you’re told toand love when you don’t want to?When? When will you stop, woman? Father says natural is beautifulbut that is doubtfulfor what does father knowhe’s only a fellow.
Gary   Hopkins|Despite your best efforts, not everyone wants to be helped. Make a difference where you can and be at peace with the rest.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|One great objection to the Old Testament is the cruelty said to have been commanded by God. All these cruelties ceased with death. The vengeance of Jehovah stopped at the tomb. He never threatened to punish the dead; and there is not one word, from the first mistake in Genesis to the last curse of Malachi, containing the slightest intimation that God will take his revenge in another world. It was reserved for the New Testament to make known the doctrine of eternal pain.
Jarrett J. Krosoczka|By supporting all the links in the building chain and giving them an easy, intuitive tool for sharing model-based project information, GTeam enhances workflows and improves communication from design through to fabrication and assembly.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Armand|The group’s laughter echoed off the stained, plaster ceiling. I raised my beer, but before I clinked the bottles together, I challenged him. “You think you’re a man I won’t forget?”“Ah’m nae any man ye’ve met before.”“Praise be,” I smirked, “the others haven’t been worth spit.”Then the whiskey came, and I was taken by the tawny light, forgetting to worry about my ‘crazy’. Until Angus’ efforts at gilding my heart, called my ‘alter’ to the fore.
Roger Ebert|Don't buy books for your shelf, buy them for yourself.
G.E. Moore, Principia Ethica|The young now approached love in the way they approached success and consumption and the future itself: with an underlying assumption of abundance. They expected more out of love than earlier generations did and were willing to fight to secure it, but when it failed they were equally at ease in walking away. It was one strike and you're out. They rejected the moral vocabulary of an older generation: patience, tolerance, adjustment.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|One man thinks justice consists in paying debts, and has no measure in his abhorrence of another who is very remiss in this duty and makes the creditor wait tediously. But that second man has his own way of looking at things; asks himself Which debt must I pay first, the debt to the rich, or the debt to the poor? the debt of money or the debt of thought to mankind, of genius to nature? For you, O broker, there is not other principle but arithmetic. For me, commerce is of trivial import; love, faith, truth of character, the aspiration of man, these are sacred;
Jack Llawayllynn, Indulgence|I desire to be with you. I miss you. I feel lonely when I can't see you. I am obsessed with you, fascinated by you, infatuated with you. I hunger for your taste, your smell, the feel of your soul touching mine.
Ted Dekker, The Sanctuary|Nine had heard whisperings that the secretive Bilderberg Group was effectively the World Government, undermining democracy by influencing everything from nations' political leaders to the venue for the next war. He recalled persistent rumors and confirmed media reports that the Bilderberg Group had such luminaries as Barack Obama, Prince Charles, Bill Gates, Rupert Murdoch, Tony Blair, Bill and Hillary Clinton, George Bush Sr. and George W. Bush. Other Bilderberg members sprung forth from Nine’s memory bank. They included the founders and CEOs of various multinational corporations like Facebook, BP, Google, Shell and Amazon, as well as almost every major financial institution on the planet.
Guy P. Harrison|...atheism is not a conscious act of turning away from all gods. It is simply the final destination for those who think. ...you will be pleased to discover that the sky does not fall down on your head. ... if you still want to pray, you can (the success rate of your prayers is unlikely to change).
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|I need them to be aware and present with me in the midst of the storm, not just tell me what to do.
Shannon L. Alder|You hid in my ink and guided my hand. You stained the pages with your silence as God wrote the words, "Be still." Yet, my heart's blindness could only write in loud hues of red, "I love you.
Philip Pullman|The best way to get kids to read a book is to say: 'This book is not appropriate for your age, and it has all sorts of horrible things in it like sex and death and some really big and complicated ideas, and you’re better off not touching it until you’re all grown up. I’m going to put it on this shelf and leave the room for a while. Don’t open it.
Tana French, The Secret Place|Only if we transvalue the plain-vanilla standards of our life, we may bring back things to light and sense the lies behind perceptions. ("Behind the frosted glass")
John Berryman, The Dream Songs|Them lady poets must not marry, pal . . . It is a true error to marry with poets / or to be by them.
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|When your heart is right, you want to bring out the best in others.
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|Who's to say that once I run, I'll find that isn't enough? Who's to say I won't end up feeling exactly the way I do right now-not safe, but stifled? Maybe I'll want to run again, and again, and eventually I'll end up back on those old tracks, because there's nowhere left to go. Maybe. Maybe not. You have to take the risk, don't you
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Pooh," said Rabbit kindly, "you haven't any brain." "I know," said Pooh humbly.
David Brainerd|If you marry the wrong person for the wrong reasons, then no matter how hard you work, it's never going to work, because then you have to completely change yourself, completely change them, completely - by that time, you're both dead.
Debasish Mridha|To find a focus, learn to love and dream.
John R. Dallas Jr., We Need to Have a Word: Words of Wisdom, Courage and Patience for Work, Home and Everywhere|Patience is power. Patience is not an absence of action; rather it is timing. It wait on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way.
Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse, Not For Happiness: A Guide to the So-Called Preliminary Practices|[I]mpermanence [is] the very thing that makes [life] vibrant, wonderful, and alive.
Anne Frank|Earning happiness means doing good and working, not speculating and being lazy. Laziness may look inviting, but only work gives you true satisfaction.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|When daylight is here i dream of the night,The stars of a country sky that shine so bright.A night sky without clouds, for the moon to hide under,Revealing every twinkle and every beam, of the Milky Way's wonder.I grow sad in the morning, And i pay the day no mind.Every time i see the light coming, I know the sunset's not far behind.
Lady Gaga|And now, I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.
Bernie Mac|Any kid will run any errand for you, if you ask at bedtime.
W.C. Fields|If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|With wine and food, the confidence of my own table, and the necessity of reassuring my wife, I grew by insensible degrees courageous and secure.
Shannon L. Alder|I am myself a dissenter from all known religions, and I hope that every kind of religious belief will die out. I do not believe that, on the balance, religious belief has been a force for good. Although I am prepared to admit that in certain times and places it has had some good effects, I regard it as belonging to the infancy of human reason, and to a stage of development which we are now outgrowing.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|If we eliminate the word "writer", if we just go back to writing as an act of listening and naming what we hear, some of the rules dissappear. There is an organic shape, a form-coming-into-form that is inherent in the thing we are observing, listening to, and trying to put on the page. It has rules of its own that it will reveal to us if we listen with attention. Shape does not need to be imposed. Shape is a part of what we are listening to. When we just let ourselves write, we get it "right".
David L. Calof|This book appears at a time when public discussion of the common atrocities of sexual and domestic life has been made possible by the women’s movement, and when public discussion of the common atrocities of political life has been made possible by the movement for human rights. I expect the book to be controversial—first, because it is written from a feminist perspective; second, because it challenges established diagnostic concepts; but third and perhaps most importantly, because it speaks about horrible things, things that no one really wants to hear about.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|I've been down by the stream collecting berries. Would you care for some?"I would, actually, but I don't want to relent too soon. I do walk over and look at them. I've never seen this type before. No, I have. But not in the arena. These aren't Rue's berries, although they resemble them. Nor do they match any I learned about in training. I lean down and scoop up a few, rolling them between my fingers.My father's voice comes back to me. "Not these, Katniss. Never these. They're nightlock. You'll be dead before they reach your stomach."Just then the cannon fires. I whip around, expecting Peeta to collapseto the ground, but he only raises his eyebrows. The hoovercraft appears a hundred metres or so away.What's left of Foxface's emaciated body is lifted into the air.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|In a fallen world marked by human depravity and deep-seated sin, in a world where Hitler and Stalin had recruited millions of followers to commit mass murder, love must harness power and seek justice in order to have moral meaning. Love without power remained impotent, and power without love was bankrupt.
Elle Sommer|If you want to conquer the stress,anger and illusion of life, live in the moment, enjoy your breathing, count your blessings.
Kate Elliott, Cold Fire|The thought of a comedy with paid prostitutes always seemed so silly and purposeless, for a person hired by me could never take the place of my imagination of a 'cruel mistress'.
Frank Lloyd Wright, A Testament|Time is the ultimate democracy. Rich and poor, young and old, male and female: all have 24 hours in a day and 7 days in a week.
Jack Kornfield, A Path with Heart: A Guide Through the Perils and Promises of Spiritual Life|In Buddhist practice, the outward and inward aspects of taking the one seat meet on our meditation cushion.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind. "Pooh!" he whispered."Yes, Piglet?""Nothing," said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. "I just wanted to be sure of you.
William Wordsworth, The Major Works|I listen'd, motionless and still;And, as I mounted up the hill,The music in my heart I bore,Long after it was heard no more.
Dion Fortune|After that I went home and Sally put what was left of me to bed; next day, being a Christian family, we saluted the happy morn with the Hell and Hades of a row because I wouldn't get up and go to early service, my sister being quite determined that even if I didn't get up. I shouldn't sleep.
Annelise Ryan, Board Stiff|Overall, she seems to be doing well for her age, but she looks like one of those dried apple dolls and my nursing gut tells me she is one good sneeze away from a rapid response team.
Carl Friedrich Gauss|From this time on, the universe is built up into an aggregate of permanent objects connected by causal relations that are independent of the subject and are placed in objective space and time.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|There is only one funda to know life, and no one knows it.
Angie karan|Forgive and set your self free. When we forgive, we heal our own anger and hurt and are able to let love lead again. It's like spring cleaning for our heart.
Sean Platt, Write. Publish. Repeat.|For every idea that's been done to DEATH, there's a child being BORN who hasn't read it yet. Don't kill your dragons.
Albina Fabiani|The kipper was in a race for it's life, and it knew it. It used all the skill its Maker had given it and drew the creature far away from the craft, to be sacrifice in the end. It was a fitting task for the kipper. But...there is a thing about monsters. They remember.
Kelly Clarkson|A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|A furious researcher stumbled out of one of the lab buildings and shouted, 'I'm a scientist working on the AIDS cure. Why are you here? You are making too much noise.' It was a statement that epitomized the vast and growing rift between scientists and patients.
mary esselman|Be glad that once you did experience that magic. It's part of who you are now, and you're richer for it.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|God is the same, even though He has a thousand names; it is up to us to select a name for Him.
George S. Patton Jr.|If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
Nation C White|Looking at the rain through my window,I can’t find an answer to this merciless solitude—The same solitude that sprouts from my eyes,A bittersweet tear which haunts me like a shadow.During evenings like this my life is about sad memories.At times I believe you’re so evil, but at end of the day you make the effort to change what my mind tells.Why don’t you turn away and let me find the love that I need?I hope you will never abandon my life and when that beautiful day comesI am going to thank you for being my lovely company.You! Eternal loneliness that poisons me-Don’t feel miserable due to these words,I only use you to drown my sorrows, to not die alone in omission.
Isabel Allende|Death is the mother of Beauty; hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
Samuel Johnson|The true art of memory, is the art of attention
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you commune with your ever-present inner calm, you are released from the madness and pain of all outer turmoil.
Debasish Mridha|Our thoughts and perceptions are our god.Our true inner awareness is the purest temple,where I worship every day for the divine.
Mariella Frostrup|It gives me immense pleasure to be trustworthy, faithful, and true - to have the kind of romantic bond that inspires this.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Scott Pilgrim, Volume 6: Scott Pilgrim's Finest Hour|The place is changed now, and many familiar faces are gone, but the greatest change is myself. I was a child then, I had no idea what the world would be like. I wished to trust myself on the waters and the sea. Everything was romantic in my imagination. The woods were peopled by the mysterious good folk. The Lords and Ladies of the last century walked with me along the overgrown paths, and picked the old fashioned flowers among the box and rose hedges of the garden.
Jenny Eclair|I liked Yeats! That wild Irishman. I really loved his love of language, his flow. His chaotic ideas seemed to me just the right thing for a poet. Passion! He was always on the right side. He may be wrongheaded, but his heart was always on the right side. He wrote beautiful poetry.
Robert J. Sawyer|Ghost stories really scare me. I have such a big imagination that after I watch a horror movie like 'The Grudge', I look in the corners of my room for the next two days.
Jeff Bezos|If everything you do needs to work on a three-year time horizon, then you’re competing against a lot of people. But if you’re willing to invest on a seven-year time horizon, you’re now competing against a fraction of those people… Just by lengthening the time horizon, you can engage in endeavors that you could never otherwise pursue
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest profit you make in business is not money, but happiness. The greatest riches you give in life are not possessions, but love. The greatest treasures you acquire in life are not jewels, but joy.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|Do you know how wizards like to be buried?""Yes!""Well, how?"Granny Weatherwax paused at the bottom of the stairs."Reluctantly.
Christopher Hitchens|Color makes no difference; the peeps are gray, the seals are black, and the crabs yellow; but we don't care, and are all friends. It is very unkind to treat you so.
Timothy J. Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just|If you have money, power, and status today, it is due to the century and place in which you were born, to your talents and capacities and health, none of which you earned. In short, all your resources are in the end the gift of God.
Sunday Adelaja|When there is no specific task, the human’s subconscious mind will be in a passive state
Thomas Pynchon, V.|So that while others may look on the laws of physics as legislation and God as a human form with beard measured in light-years and double for sandals, Faust's kind (poets) are alone with the task of living in a universe of things which simply are, and cloaking that innate mindlessness with comfortable and pious metaphor so that the "practical" half of humanity may continue in the Great Lie, confident that their machines, dwellings, streets and weather share the same human motives, personal traits and fits of contrariness as they.
Audrey Hart, The Dig|And I say also this. I do not think the forest would be so bright, nor the water so warm, nor love so sweet, if there were no danger in the lakes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Good heart, good spirit.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Instead of giving a firm foundation for setting the conscience of man at rest forever, Thou didst choose all that is exceptional, vague and enigmatic.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, The Well of Tears|If we're happy, to be happy together. If we're are sad, to be sad together. To always know the other is there for us. The best of friends... and so much more.
Rob Mahan|Trust me, I write fiction.
James E. Casey|It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Before it was just her infernal curves that fretted me, but now I've taken her whole soul into my soul, and through her I've become a man!
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.
Meghan Markle|You can be a mason and build 50 buildings, but it doesn't mean you can design one.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Colin reached out and grabbed hold o fine car engine, ripping it. He lifted it above his head. Solomon Cord dropped the wrench and said God it is true.
Madeline Levine, The Price of Privilege: How Parental Pressure and Material Advantage Are Creating a Generation of Disconnected and Unhappy Kids|Our children cannot be assumed to follow in our footsteps, assuage our losses, or compensate for our inadequacies.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|There are events in one's life which, no matter how remote, never fade from memory
James W. Robertson, The Testament of Gideon Mack|for what is religion if not a kind of madness, and what is madness without a touch of religion?
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|No revolution, no political change, is ever born from immaculate conception.
M.H. Boroson, The Girl with Ghost Eyes|Shallan’s mental image of Jasnah Kholin was of someone almost divine. It was, upon reflection, an odd way to regard a determined atheist.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|Let us treat Women as our equals, (says [the 'blubblering dotard' xD Cato]) and they will immediately want to become our mistresses." 'Tis Cato says it, and therefore there needs no proof. Besides, to oblige men to prove all they advance by reason, wou'd be imposing silence upon them; a grievance to which they are perhaps full as unequal as they pretend we are. But granting Cato to be infallible in his assertions, what then? Have not Women as much right to be mistresses, as the Men have to be masters? No, says Cato. But why? Because they have not. Such convincing arguments must make us fond of hearing him farther. If we make the Women our equals, "they will demand that to-morrow as a tribute, which they receive to-day as a grace." But where is the grace in granting us a share in what we have an equal right to? Have not the Women an equal claim to power and dignity with the Men?
Piers Anthony, A Spell for Chameleon|Now it was done. He was free of Xanth forever. Free to make his own life, without being ridiculed or mothered or tempted. Free to be himself.Bink put his face in his hands and cried.
Veronica Rossi, Through the Ever Night|Love you! Girl, you're in the very core of my heart. I hold you there like a jewel. Didn't I promise you I'd never tell you a lie? Love you! I love you with all there is of me to love. Heart, soul, brain. Every fibre of body and spirit thrilling to the sweetness of you. There's nobody in the world for me but you, Valancy.
Edna Ferber, So Big|His whisper continued to stream a silent cacophony of warnings, kill and damage reports and pleas for assistance.He allowed himself two seconds to watch it and came away with the sense they were losing. Not lost and not soon, but losing.
Mitt Romney|Driving a motorcycle is like flying. All your senses are alive. When I ride through Beverly Hills in the early morning, and all the sprinklers have turned off, the scents that wash over me are just heavenly. Being House is like flying, too. You're free of the gravity of what people think.
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|A careless risk undertaken thoughtlessly or in pursuit of a thrill is recklessness, but a hazard confronted for the glory of God is a different matter altogether.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude #1|Whatever happens here, trust your heart. It's as true as any compass.
Norman Schwarzkopf|There's a lot of anger in 'Queen of Denmark,' and that's me getting political.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|If I have to build a big company by mistreating other people then the Bible says WOE to me. I don't know what that is, but I don't want any of it.
Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr.|Just as war is the natural consequence of monopoly, peace is the natural consequence of liberty.
Gloria Naylor, Linden Hills|They all trying to say something with music that you can't say with plain talk. There ain't really no words for love or pain. And the way I see it, only fools go around trying to talk their love or talk their pain. So the smart people make music and you can kinda hear about it without them saying anything.
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|People don’t break up because someone’s family is a little . . . messy. If that were the case, no one would ever get married.
Pamela Cummins, Insights for Singles: Steps to Find Everlasting Love|Recognize that you are enough, and that all external gifts are simply extra blessings.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|Being a good loser helps build character, provides valuable lessons, and helps you become mentally prepared for your next challenge.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Anti-Christ/Ecce Homo/Twilight of the Idols/Other Writings|Every characteristic absence of spirituality, every piece of common vulgarity, is due to an inability to resist a stimulus - you have to react, you follow every impulse.
Ray Palla, H: Infidels of Oil|Give little people a little power, and it goes straight to their ugly, little heads. -Foot talks about authority
A.F. Stewart, Fairy Tale Fusion|I’m Detective Piper of the Fairyland Metro Police, and I've been called in to investigate the incident of the missing frog prince…
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|IF you wish to be a writer then don't wait until you write the "great American novel" for they aren't written they are created. If you don't write at all you won't know how "great" that simple book can be.
Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle|He could swear he did not look back, could not—by any optical chance, or in any prism—have seen her physically as he walked away; and yet, with dreadful distinction, he retained forever a composite picture of her standing where he left her. The picture—which penetrated him, through an eye in the back of his head, through his vitreous spinal canal, and could never be lived down, never—consisted of a selection and blend of such random images and expressions of hers that had affected him with a pang of intolerable remorse at various moments in the past.
William Dean Howells|Where fear is present, wisdom cannot be.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Some say that pregnancy make a woman an instant mother. To that I say, I became an instant woman the day I became a mother.
Alice Hoffman, The Third Angel|He stepped off the pavement like a man jumping off a bridge, as calm as a swimmer with an ocean out below. Lucy had known what he was going to do the instant their eyes met. She'd know what he intended because she would have done the very same thing if she'd had his courage. Nothing was going to break his fall.
Kamal Ravikant|If you're about to take a risk--one that comes from within, one that expresses your true nature, that brings up fear after fear after fear--you know what to do. One: do the work, create the value. Two: draw the people that encourage you closer. They're the only ones that matter.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|When we pray, we are speaking to the One Whose eternal purpose and designs are unfolding as our present realities. In order to find hope in them, we must seek HIM and HIS perspective. This requires a keen understanding of the redemptive nature of our existence, which points to the glorious gospel of Christ.
Michael Steger|I think we love bacon because it has all the qualities of an amazing sensory experience. When we cook it, the sizzling sound is so appetizing, the aroma is maddening, the crunch of the texture is so gratifying and the taste delivers every time.
Steve Maraboli|For most people, blaming others is a subconscious mechanism for avoiding accountability. In reality, the only thing in your way is YOU.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|A poet is simply an artist whose medium is human emotions.  A poet chisels away at our own sensibilities, shaping our vision while molding our hearts.  A poet wraps words around our own feelings and presents them as fresh gifts to humanity.
Aphra Behn|And did with sighs their fate deplore,Since I must shelter them no more;And if before my joys were such,In having heard, and seen too much,My grief must be as great and high,When all abandoned I shall be,Doomed to a silent destiny.
Arthur Machen, The Great God Pan|And she arose from her deathbed in a gossamer gown, with eyes the color of starlight and hair as black as the night. And those who were her captors trembled, for the scent of death and madness emanated from her soul, and yet she was not dead. She moved like the spiders that creep in the treetops, and none could look away. Taking her first captor in hand, she fed deep and ravenous. And so it was that Myst, Queen of the Indigo Court, was born from the blood of the dead.
Tim Willocks, The Religion|In the end, every man's life is but a tale told to him that's lived it, and to him alone.
Mary Kate|The beauty of life isn't the perfectioned moments or storybook endings; the beauty of life is when you fall flat on your face, the Lord picks you up, then you look around and cheer, after all, a merry heart is the medicine!
Cyrano de Bergerac|Revenge writing is a female genre. Men who have been left by women or made cuckolds by rivals either lick their wounds in humiliated silence or start the Trojan Wars. Having no other power or public voice, the betrayed woman reaches for her pen.
James Curcio, Join My Cult!|In love, there is no distinction between success and failure. If love remains then even separation is union otherwise even union is separation.
Edward Hirsch|Works of art imitate and provoke other works of art, the process is the source of art itself.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|MINDS ARE UNIQUE. They go wrong in unique ways. My mind went wrong in a slightly different way to how other minds go wrong. Our experience overlaps with other people's, but it is never exactly the same experience.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|Honor is the best part of you, Will Blackshear. And I don't make that pronoucement lightly. No woman could, who's ever seen you naked.
Samir Satam, Postcards From Memory|The point is, stories can be all lengths. Never underestimate the power of “less is more.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Her absence is like the sky, spread over everything.
C.L. Wilson, Crown of Crystal Flame|I watch my loved ones weep with sorrow, death's silent torment of no tomorrow. I feel their hearts breaking, I sense their despair, United in misery, the grief that they share. How do I show that, I am not gone...but the essence of life's everlasting songWhy do they wee? Why do they cry?I'm alive in the wind and I am soaring high. I am sparkling light dancing on streams, a moment of warmth in the fays of sunbeams.The coolness of rain as it falls on your face, the whisper of leaves as wind rushes with haste. Eternal Song, a requiem by Avian of Celieriafrom Crown of Crystal Flame by C.L. Wilson
Matt Ridley, Genome: the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters|Imagine that the genome is a book.There are twenty-three chapters, called CHROMOSOMES.Each chapter contains several thousand stories, called GENES.Each story is made up of paragraphs, called EXTONS, which are interrupted by advertisements called INTRONS.Each paragraph is made up of words, called CODONS.Each word is written in letters called BASES.
Alexandra Sobetsky|When you push someone's head under water for 5 minutes, they will drown. It doesn't matter if the person is a sinner or a saint. It's just a natural process. If their head is under water, the lack of oxygen will make them drown. That rule applies to everyone, good or bad, equally. It doesn't matter if the drowning person has strong moral fiber.And it doesn't matter if you're a good or a bad person, once you become addicted to drugs. What happens next is inevitable. It's a natural process that happens in everyone's brain, once the drugs take over. So don't ever fool yourself into thinking that only weak or bad people get addicted.
Josh McDaniels|Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole.
Sana Krasikov|Sergey described the mighty furnaces and plants rising up from the steppes. “How far we’ve come. How much work there is still to do!” She would have to see it herself one day, with her own eyes. Florence reread the last line with a turbulent flip in her stomach. Was this an invitation?
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|The unconditional love that God gives us when we are in relationship with him frees us and sustains us; we no longer feel the need to prove ourselves according to worldly standards, we are fine just the way we are.
Sunday Adelaja|Jesus also function on the earth through the power of light. Light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom. That is their real power on earth.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|There will be a time when love is beautiful and passionate and nothing else will exist but you and the person you love, and a time when love hurts so badly that you will wish you wouldn't wake up. I say this. Always, always, always approach love with the heart of the angel you were born with.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment. It's about rolling with the changes, whether they are perceived as good or bad. Tao reminds us to live life through good actions (important for past karma and karma you are presently creating); through practicing things that engage our mind, body, and spirit.
Pico Iyer|The fictive structure, my work, my imagination, my books are about the details, the huge construction about culture, Islamic culture or modern Turkey. They're all intertwined.
Rosamond Purcell|Isn't it amazing how we always have to put our mark on things? And how, from the natural world, we find evidence over and over again that reminds us, not so much of the birds, but of our own stories and our own kinds of art?
Rick Warren|The purpose of influence is to "speak up for those who have no influence." (Pr.31:8) It's not about you.
Matt Healy|We don’t ask when people age out of singing, or eating ice cream; why would we stop making love?
Stephen Hawking|We have survived the death of our childhood. We are soldiers now, maybe the last soldiers who will ever fight, the Earth’s final and only hope, united as one in the spirit of vengeance.
Alfred Russel Wallace|If people ask me for the ingredients of success, I say one is talent, two is stubbornness or determination, and third is sheer luck. You have to have two out of the three. Any two will probably do.
Christina Rossetti, Complete Poems|I lock my door upon myself, And bar them out; but who shall wall Self from myself, most loathed of all?
J.K. Rowling|What are you up to?”“Oh, you know, mischief and mayhem,” he replied.“That so reminds me of Harry Potter,” Brit said, sighing. “I need a re-read.”We all turned to her. Two bright spots appeared in her cheeks as she tossed her blonde hair back. “What? I’m not ashamed to admit that random things remind me of Harry Potter.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|And his knowledge remained woefully incomplete, Harry! That which Voldemort does not value, he takes no trouble to comprehend. Of house-elves and children's tales, of love, loyalty, and innocence, Voldemort knows and understands nothing. Nothing. That they all have a power beyond his own, a power beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth he has never grasped...
Thomas Jefferson|Companies spend millions of dollars on firewalls, encryption, and secure access devices and it's money wasted because none of these measures address the weakest link in the security chain: the people who use, administer, operate and account for computer systems that contain protected information.
Hilary Mantel|Think of the Christmas presentof gashes you opened when, in an attempt to be Superman, you slid in stocking feet on a slippery wood floor and crashed half way through a window. Hopes of heroism dashed on the heels of no clear sighting of Santa.
Rand Paul|My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.
Vixen Phillips, Trapdoor|Because now that it's finally morning, the shadows are beginning to fade, the shadows that have been covering my mind and my soul. Now that they're gone, I can almost start to see the way, and it's different from the one they'd convinced me was all I could have.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The strength of your growth depends on your leader. If the person you are taking counsel from is weaker than you, you are on your way down.
Gary Zukav|All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|I'm not blaming you," he stated firmly. "I'm just trying to think. God, Kate, there are times when I think you hate me. When I think you would do anything to get rid of me. And then... then there's last night. And all of the other times like it. I have never been more alive than when I'm with you.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|On gray days, when it's snowing or raining, I think you should be able to call up a judge and take an oath that you'll just read a good book all day, and he'd allow you to stay home.
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop Doesn't Laugh Vol 1|What’s so beautiful about girls?” I would implore.And the secret society of adults would reply with a smirk and wink as if I was merely a boy who couldn’t possibly have the mental maturity to comprehend such grown-up concepts as love and bleeding vaginas; “You’ll understand someday, James.
Pessoa Fernando|All men, reaching back to Adam in the Garden, plead Ignorance as their defence; when, if we were but honest, we would admit that the apple was hedged with every warning imaginable. So I too fell; perhaps all sins are not causes but effects, being the result of that first sin, Boredom.
Miles Anthony Smith, Becoming Generation Flux: Why Traditional Career Planning is Dead: How to be Agile, Adapt to Ambiguity, and Develop Resilience|You know what? We need a recession in this country, because that would finaly weed out al the subnormal, underdeveloped, stupefied, puerile people in this workforce.
Elvis Mitchell|Schubert had arguably the same melodic gift as Mozart, but even less support. He didn't have the early exposure, never got to travel anywhere, and yet generated and amassed a body of work that grew and developed and is very profound.
Michelle   Cooper, The FitzOsbornes in Exile|It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife,' I said, sighing.'Is it?' said Veronica, looking surprised. 'Universally acknowledged? Surely that presupposes life similar to human societies beyond this planet, and besides--''No, no, it's a quote from ... Never mind,' I said.
Martha Stout, The Sociopath Next Door|You’ll have to be my conscience.” He knew his flaws, and he knew the parts of him that were irrevocably broken. “Mine isn’t going to grow back.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The metaphysical truth and the end reality is simply this - you are All. Infinite Oneness. Consciousness is but only a part of it. So, you're consciousness, and yet more. You're the Whole. Thus is 'That'. Get it.
David Mitchell|Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
Robert Greene, Mastery|How many of us even know what our default state of being is? Check yours at random times; reset it to positive, grateful, disciplined or faithful. Don’t ever let it idle on negative, greedy, lax or doubtful.
Eloisa James, Desperate Duchesses|A fit encomium for marital bliss," Beaumont said, putting down his knife and fork. "Dancing to a tune one neither likes nor understands, with a partner who thinks you a cadaver.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|The moment you think you are out of resources; you still have one thing, Will to Win. Ignite it.
