Raymond E. Feist, King of Foxes|I realize we all walk around pretending we have some control over our fate, because to recognize the truth--that no matter what we do, the bottom will fall out when we least expect it--is just too unbearable to live with.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|Whatever I learned,Whatever I knew,Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew,Away in some dilemma,Always in some confusion,The purpose of this life,Seems like an illusion!
Patricia Geary, Strange Toys|I tried to think the same thought in as many different religions as possible, so the thought itself wouldn't be limited by any particular way of reasoning, the way words restrict -- the whole eskimo-seventeen-words-for-snow idea.
Building 429|In the old days, it had been talent and style and brilliance and now it was more and more productivity.
Emma Goldman|I don't know if you can change things, but it's a drop in the ocean.
Tom Scholz|My mother was a famous photographer for actresses, including Sophia Loren, Gina Lollobrigida, and so many. I remember I went to school close to my mother's studio, and for years, I went to the studio after school and just watched how she captured these beauties.
Katie Alender, Marie Antoinette, Serial Killer|I felt a tightening in my chest, a sharp spike of intense sadness-almost like nostalgia, except it was for a life I never had.
Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things|Thou shalt not be a victim. Thou shalt not be a perpetrator. Above all, thou shalt not be a bystander. (U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum qtd. in Halter)
David Douglass|If you go back far enough and get a wider enough picture of history, we have let go of many things that follow a religious narrative. We don't burn witches anymore. Most people would consider that barbaric. We don't sacrifice human beings, which was a religious act practiced by numerous cultures on this planet.
Carolyn Baker, Collapsing Consciously: Transformative Truths for Turbulent Times|Gratitude is a state of mind that inherently recognizes interdependence with the external world, whether it be other humans, nature, the sacred, or a combination of these.
Katie Reus, Chasing Danger|If Shane had avoided her for years because of a kiss, he might leave the country over a blow and hand job.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|We are all human, and our senses are quicker to prompt us than our reason. Every man gives off a scent, and that scent tells you how to act before your head does.
Clare De Graaf, The 10-Second Rule: Following Jesus Made Simple|[The 10-Second Rule's] power is in its simplicity, and yet it gets straight to the heart of what it means to actually follow Jesus.
Thomas Friedman|With copious evidence ranging from Plato's haughtiness to Beethoven's tirades, we may conclude that the most brilliant people of history tend to be a prickly lot.
Adalbert Stifter, The Bachelors|Everything that God sends us is beautiful, even though we may not understand it - and we only need to give it some proper thought to see that what God gives is just sheer happiness; the suffering is what we add to it.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|It appears history is going to keep happening, despite our hopes for retirement.
Mira Ptacin, Poor Your Soul|We have trauma, and we have grief. People die, and we find it baffling. Painful. Inexplicable. Grief is baffling. There are theories on how we react to loss and death, how we cope, how we handle loss. Some believe the range of emotions mourners experience is predictable, that grief can be monitored, as if mourners are following a checklist. But sorrow is less of a checklist, more like water. It's fluid, it has no set shape, never disappears, never ends. It doesn't go away. It just changes. It changes us.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Hating skin color is contempt for God's divine creative imagination. Honoring it is appreciation for conscious, beautiful-love-inspired diversity.
T.A. Keizer|-Shut the FUCK UP, said 
Benjamin Franklin|As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will, he will be sure to repent.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A little inhumanity does not describe you as heartless, rather, it is a way of telling others that you have a heart that can get angry.
Alexandra Fulller|No one starts a war warning that those involved will lose their innocence - that children will definitely die and be forever lost as a result of the conflict; that the war will not end for generations and generations, even after cease-fires have been declared and peace treaties have been signed. No one starts a war that way, but they should. It would at least be fair warning and an honest admission: even a good war - if there is such a thing - will kill anyone old enough to die.
Susan Elia MacNeal, Princess Elizabeth's Spy|Jolly good!" ... King [George VI] exclaimed [after Queen Elizabeth fired the gun at Hitler's photograph]. "You got him right in the n-n-n-naughty bits."... "Good," she said. "That's where I was aiming.
Henri Matisse|I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
Yuu Watase|Cole," I said, "Don't lose this number.
Evelyn Glennie|I am into nature and seeing whales. I went whale-watching, and I was really looking forward to that, but when you see it on TV and you see other programs do it, you're seeing close-ups of these massive creatures, and the music that's added gives you a certain feeling.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|She remembered all too well how time had dragged without him, how she had shuffled about feeling waylaid, out of balance. How she could ever cope with his permanent absence?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Thinking, it seems, is a difficult undertaking RjS
Shakti Gawain|The library, with its Daedalian labyrinth, mysterious hush, and faintly ominous aroma of knowledge, has been replaced by the computer's cheap glow, pesky chirp, and data spillage.
Debasish Mridha|Not the sadness, but the happiness, is the ultimate purpose of life.
Tyler Florence|The whole process of winning the pageant has been so amazing, I'm really excited to move forward into all kinds of projects.
Janine Benyus|Hence, in desiring, the more the enjoyment is delayed, the more fancy begins to weave about the object images of future fruition, and to clothe the desired object with properties calculated to inflame the impulse.
F. Calvin Parker|Toyohiko Kagawa, famed for his ministry to slum-dwellers, paid tribute to all three of Japan's major religious traditions. 'I am grateful for Shinto, for Buddhism, and for Confucianism,' he wrote. To Shinto he attributed his spirit of reverence; to Buddhism, his craving for transcendent values, including compassion and selflessness; to Confucianism, his efforts to follow the golden mean of humaneness and harmony in society. Kagawa saw Christ in the priestly robes of all these religions.
Oliver DeMille, A Thomas Jefferson Education: Teaching a Generation of Leaders for the Twenty-first Century|We realize we can't go around saying and doing what we're actually thinking and feeling. If we all did that, life would be a lunatic asylum. Indeed, that's how you know you're talking to a lunatic. Lunatics are those poor souls who have lost their inner communication and so they allow themselves to say and do exactly what they are thinking and feeling and that's why they're mad.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|His lips were smooth against my skin, his breath warm, and my knees buckled as he lifted my other hand to his mouth and kissed it, too. Kissed it carefully - in a way that made heat begin pounding in my core, between my legs.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every stage of life is unique.At any age and stage of life there are obstacles and opportunities, trials and triumphs. Never allow the negative bring to you to sudden halt.Make the most of the positive opportunities and stay positive.
Jackie Moggridge|Courage, kindness and a great determination to succeed in life with a smile were hallmarks of my wonderful wife. And why her story deserves to be told.
Mike Royko, Boss: Richard J. Daley of Chicago|I have always felt,” he said, “that violence was the last refuge of the incompetent, and empty threats
Bernie Sanders|I don't pretend there aren't biological differences, but I don't believe the desire for leadership is hardwired biology, not the desire to win or excel. I believe that it's socialization, that we're socializing our daughters to nurture and our boys to lead.
Leonard Zunin|I believe that courage is all too often mistakenly seen as the absence of fear. If you descend by rope from a cliff and are not fearful to some degree, you are either crazy or unaware. Courage is seeing your fear, in a realistic perspective, defining it, considering alternatives and choosing to function in spite of risks.
JonArno Lawson|I'm going to do something bigger and better,bigger and betterand bolder, but first,I'm going to do somethingsmaller and worse.
John C. Maxwell|[T]he strongest defense of the humanities lies not in the appeal to their utility — that literature majors may find good jobs, that theaters may economically revitalize neighborhoods — but rather in the appeal to their defiantly nonutilitarian character, so that individuals can know more than how things work, and develop their powers of discernment and judgment, their competence in matters of truth and goodness and beauty, to equip themselves adequately for the choices and the crucibles of private and public life.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|I didn't do anyting wrong. All I know is I saw two people struggling to get inside these walls and they [Minho and Alby] couldn't make it. To ignore that because of some stupid rule seemed selfish, cowardly, and... well, stupid. If you want to throw me in jail for trying to save someone's [Alby] life, then go ahead. Next time I promise I'll point at them and laugh, then go eat some of Frypan's dinner. -Thomas
Beyonce Knowles|There's a fundamental difference between how often men remember to say 'I love you' and how often women want to hear 'I love you.' For the most part, it's on the guy. He's not withholding it intentionally. It's just that we kind of miss the point sometimes, that even in the most nonchalant way, telling the person how you feel is important.
Rob Wittman|I have never written that there is a threat of fascism in America. I always considered the idea overwrought. But now I believe there really is such a threat - and it will come draped not in an American flag, but in the name of tolerance and health.
Debasish Mridha|If a society does not value love and kindness, that society has no value.
Anna Todd, After|Hardin is like a drug; each time I take the tiniest bit of him, I crave more and more. He consumes my thoughts and invades my dreams.
Kenneth C. Goldman, Of A Feather|Many of us can't go home again, whether home is Seville, Cabo Sur, Nastas, Havana, or Kansas City. Thus, we must recognize that home really lies in the eternal peace, dormant or conscious, that dwells in each human heart... Quote from "Ms. Quixote Goes Country", a truthful novel.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|My view is that the false memory campaign is a spent force. It failed to realise its key goals, failed to renew itself and has largely faded away. Of course, the false memory campaign has left behind the sedimentation of doubt and disbelief that we will have to keep chipping away at. However it is important to recognise that we are witnessing an increasing, not decreasing, number of investigations and prosecutions for cases of organised and ritual abuse. Adults and children who disclose sexual abuse are more likely to be believed now than they were ten or twenty years ago, and that includes victims who describe organised and ritual abuse.Source: Interview with Lynn Schirmir
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|God, I am trying to recover my faith. Please don't abandon me in the middle ofthis adventure, I prayed, pushing my fears aside.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|They all went indoors with their new friends, and found rooms so small as none but those who invite from the heart could think capable of accommodating so many.
Justin Alcala|Wives of criminals, Massau later reflected, were indeed an interesting lot. There are those who, real panthers in madness, defend their men with claws out; there are the cold and insensitive ones, who wrestling step by step, discuss each argument and answer your questions with other questions; there are the stubborn ones who can pass the entire night in total silence against the light of the interrogation; there are still others, who, shaken and in distress, discover as you do that they have lived for years beside a monster.
Vaclav Havel|Whatever you do to gain success, you have to hang in there and hope good things happen. Always think positive.
John Barnes, Tales of the Madman Underground|So we fell asleep holding hands. If married couples got to do this all the time, shit if I could understand how there were ever divorces, or even fights.
Albert Schweitzer|Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Sherrilyon Kenyon|I could kill him for her," Fury offered.Vane cleared his throat."Well, he could have an accident," Fury tried again. "Humans have those all the time.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|Every day, sincerely and without phoniness, Lou demonstrated by his actions how very vital it is - more than anything else - to understand and appreciate the people who work with you...Do your job well, but always remember that the people you work with are your most valuable asset. Embrace them. Honor them. Respect them" (206) - "Prescriptions for Success" by John Schuerholz
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|When i ask God why all of these injustices are allowed to exist in the world, i can feel the Spirit whisper to me, ‘you tell me why we allow this to happen. You are my body, my hands, my feet.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|Meghan,” whispered a voice, heart wrenchingly familiar, drawing me out of the void. I recognized it immediately, just as I realized it was a figment of my desperate imagination, because the real owner of that voice would never be here, talking to me.Ash?“Wake up,” he murmured, his deep voice cutting through the layers of the darkness. “Don’t do this. If you don’t come out of this soon, you’ll fade away and drift forever. Fight it. Come back to us.”I didn’t want to wake up. There was nothing but pain waiting for me in the real world. If I was asleep, I couldn’t feel anything. If I was asleep, I didn’t have to face Ash and the cold contempt on his face when he looked at me. Darkness was my retreat, my sanctuary. I drew back from Ash’s voice, deeper into the comforting blackness. And, through the layer of dreams and delirium, I heard a quiet sob.“Please.” A hand gripped mine, real and solid, anchoring me to the present. “I know what you must think of me, but…” The voice broke off, took a ragged breath. “Don’t leave,” it whispered. “Meghan, don’t go. Come back to me.
Terry Pratchett|Drought-struck farmers pray for rain, in the express hope that the universe or owner thereof will hear the words and suspense the laws of meteorology for their benefit. Some, of course, actually believe just that, and for all anyone can prove they could be right.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I am your sire. I am to guide you through your first days as a vampire. Your first feeding is a rite of passage, a sacrament. It will not be wasted on some hormone-driven frenzy. This is why I wanted you to feed from me.”“I will not drink it in a house, I will not drink it with a mouse. I will not drink it here or there, I will not drink it anywhere,” I wheezed, hoping I was able to communicate adequate sarcasm through the crippling belly cramps.“Did you just quote Green Eggs and Ham?
Anita Sarkeesian|Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.
Pushpa Rana|There was the world and there is you, where I belong clouds are more powerful than the sun.
Max Frisch, Homo Faber|Change comes, when every person is adequately benefited.We keep hearing about “change.” Change will never come to all of society. Change can only come when the market system adequately provide all of the needs for all people. Millions are living in poverty in the United States and throughout the world, due to “change” passed them by, are struggling: Among them are high unemployment, the mentally challenged, poor education, many of them are homeless and hungry, sick and tired; such individuals, look for ways to move beyond their prison walls that hold them back from moving forward: Through the corridors of their prison, they observe the wealthy getting wealthier. They see the market system passing them at a fast rate of speed. Hope has long left the majority of them. There is a price that must be paid for the sins of those who have built these prisons.
Gene L. Coon|During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial. What have been its fruits? More or less in all places, pride and indolence in the Clergy, ignorance and servility in the laity, in both, superstition, bigotry and persecution.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Give more, don't expect not to be repaid. Give more thanks for what you haven’t expected but received!
R.S. Vern, Haee's quest for the greater prairie|Maybe this was why people filled their house with stinking cats, so they didn't notice that they were alone, so they wouldn't die without a living soul noticing.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|The path of compassion does not obligate you to love people regardless of how they act or who they are. It is a path of seeing the truth of who people are, acknowledging all their parts, their humanness as well as divinity. It is the path of looking at people and asking, "is there anything I can do to heal, assist, or bring them in touch with their higher vision?" If there is not, then you are pulling down your own energy by spending time with them".
Ariel Seraphino|When we grow up we all will understand that we have made mistakes which we are not proud of, but some of those are worth committing all.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|This seems to be happening more and more, the dreams from the past blurring into reality and sadly, I preferred to be in the dream world rather than reality.
Charlotte Eriksson|I believe that one can never leave home. I believe that one carries the shadows, the dreams, the fears and the dragons of home under one's skin, at the extreme corners of one's eyes and possibly in the gristle of the earlobe.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It's advice, not a commandment.Don't swallow it whole until you're absolutely sure you've been given good, healthy advice.
Lailah Gifty Akita|From the day I was conceived in my mother's womb, God predestined what I become.
Constance Friday|Be careful of what you assume, what you assume often becomes what you consume
Debasish Mridha|The sky is not the limit, but my thoughts are.
Alfred North Whitehead, Dialogues of Alfred North Whitehead|Religion carries two sorts of people in two entirely opposite directions: the mild and gentle people it carries towards mercy and justice; the persecuting people it carries into fiendish sadistic cruelty. Mind you, though this may seem to justify the eighteenth-century Age of Reason in its contention that religion is nothing but an organized, gigantic fraud and a curse to the human race, nothing could be farther from the truth. It possesses these two aspects, the evil one of the two appealing to people capable of naïve hatred; but what is actually happening is that when you get natures stirred to their depths over questions which they feel to be overwhelmingly vital, you get the bad stirred up in them as well as the good; the mud as well as the water. It doesn't seem to matter much which sect you have, for both types occur in all sects....
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It is the image of physical brawn, sheer force, and commanding volume we so often associate with might. But I have found the might of an army exists in the faith of a child and in quiet, earnest prayers as well as in the heart of one who loves.
Bill Frist|I like to stay happy, and I like to live life light and make the best of life.
Mike Yaconelli|You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Joshua Loth Liebman|If other ages felt less, they saw more, even though they saw with the blind, prophetical, unsentimental eye of acceptance, which is to say, of faith. In the absence of this faith now, we govern by tenderness. It is a tenderness which, long cut off from the person of Christ, is wrapped in theory. When tenderness is detached from the source of tenderness, its logical outcome is terror. It ends in forced-labor camps and in the fumes of the gas chamber.
Ban Ki-moon|For me, every day is a new thing. I approach each project with a new insecurity, almost like the first project I ever did. And I get the sweats. I go in and start working, I'm not sure where I'm going. If I knew where I was going I wouldn't do it.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought. For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistable urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex. Yippee.
Mark Twain|When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around. But when I got to be 21, I was astonished at how much the old man had learned in seven years.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|Humility is the proper attitude towards all true greatness, including one's own greatness as a human being, but above all towards the greatness which is not oneself, which is beyond one's self
Jaeda DeWalt|In the absence of sleep, my restless nights have been fueled by my overactive imagination, weaving waking dreams onto the canvas of conception. Filling my head with lots of ideas waiting to be born into reality. I am eager to return to my beautiful mistress, Creation!
Saji Ijiyemi|You can't predict the future, but you can plan for it
Siddhartha Mukherjee|The medical system in the United States is among the best in the world, if not the best. What if we were to make the United States a medical destination? That would bring a lot of people here because there are a lot of sick people around the world. If they can get U.S. treatment, they will take it, but now think about what that will do.
Sarah E. Olson, Becoming One: A Story of Triumph Over Dissociative Identity Disorder|It hadn't occurred to me that my mother would die. Until she was dying, the thought had never entered my mind. She was monolithic and insurmountable, the keeper of my life. She would grow old and still work in the garden. This image was fixed in my mind, like one of the memories from her childhood that I made her explain so intricately that I remembered it as if it were mine. She would be old and beautiful like the black-and-white photo of Georgia O'Keeffe I'd once sent her. I held fast to this image for the first couple of weeks after we left the Mayo Clinic, and then, once she was admitted to the hospice wing of the hospital in Duluth, that image unfurled, gave way to the others, more modest and true. I imagined my mother in October; I wrote the scene in my mind. And then the one of my mother in August and another in May. Each day that passed, another month peeled away.
Charles Dickens, Martin Chuzzlewit|I think he'll be to Rome as is the osprey to the fish, who takes it by sovereignty of nature.
Janet Jackson|Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.
Christie Brinkley|I'm not proud of it, but I'm a great liar when I travel. I smile and lie, and things are smooth.
Daniel Mendelsohn, The Lost: A Search for Six of Six Million|When I was a teenager in Boston, a man on the subway handed me a card printed with tiny pictures of hands spelling out the alphabet in sign language. I AM DEAF, said the card. You were supposed to give the man some money in exchange. I have thought of that card ever since, during difficult times, mine or someone else's; surely when tragedy has struck you dumb, you should be given a stack of cards that explain it for you. When Pudding died, I wanted my stack. I still want it. My first child was stillborn, it would say on the front. It remains the hardest thing for me to explain, even now, or maybe I mean especially now - now that his death feels like a non sequitur. My first child was stillborn. I want people to know but I don't want to say it aloud. People don't like to hear it but I think they might not mind reading it on a card.
Philip Appleman|Have you ever wondered why there are so many Gods and so many religions? It is because in the Land of the Gods, there is not a single hand to guide the Gods on a proper path.
Nicole Reed, Ruining Me|Caring for someone is scary, because you both know how it feels to lose someone in the span of a heartbeat.
Thomas Paine|Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it.
Robert Dunbar, Vortex|Horror immobolizes us because it is made of contradictory feelings: fear and seduction, repulsion and attraction. Horror is a fascination...Horror is immobility, the great yawn of empty space, the womb and the hole in the earth, the universal Mother and the great garbage heap...With horror we cannot have recourse to flight or combat, there remains only Adoration or Exorcism.
Shannon L. Alder|The true call of liberation of women is not in taking off their clothes, but taking off their prejudices.
Tom Conrad|In life one of Midnight’s favourite movies had been It’s a Wonderful Life, a touching story where a man called George Bailey is shown how poor the world would have been if he’d never existed, but now the young ghost of Midnight Merlot was sat imagining himself not as the kind hero of his own narrative, but, - but as the anti-George.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|If diversity is a source of wonder, its opposite - the ubiquitous condensation to some blandly amorphous and singulary generic modern culture that takes for granted an impoverished environment - is a source of dismay. There is, indeed, a fire burning over the earth, taking with it plants and animals, cultures, languages, ancient skills and visionary wisdom. Quelling this flame, and re-inventing the poetry of diversity is perhaps the most importent challenge of our times.
Charles de Lint, Dharma|Life is brief, young maiden, fall in love; before the crimson bloom fades from your lips, before the tides of passion cool within your hips, for those of you who know no tomorrow. (Gondola no Uta)
James Inhofe|My mom was an environmental activist in Australia in the late '60s and '70s, and I guess I've inherited that awareness from her.
Bill Gates|As computer intelligence gets better, what will be possible when we interface our brains with computers? It might sound scary, but early evidence suggests otherwise: interfacing brains with machines can be helpful in treating traumatic brain injury, repairing spinal cord damage, and countless other applications.
Jason Isbell|I barely have time for my own children. To adopt more children and not have time for them, that would be poor parenting on my part.
Pablo Picasso|Playing is just about feeling. Playing isn't necessarily about misery. Playing isn't necessarily about happiness. But it's just about letting yourself feel all those things that you have already on the inside of you, but you're all the time trying to push them aside because they don't make for polite conversation or something.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|For darkness terrifies. It swallows you, warps you, nullifies you. Who alive can possibly profess confidence in darkness? In the dark, you can't see.
Robyn Carr, Harvest Moon|Until meeting you, I wasn’t looking for anything at all. Since meeting you, I’m kind of looking for a girlfriend.
Jacques Tardi, The Arctic Marauder|Thus, every entity, even if it is a defective one, in so far as it is an entity, is good. In so far as it is defective, it is evil.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Everyone's always making fun of him and calling him crazy behind his back, but I can kind of understand how someone would end up that way. I mean, if no one ever pays attention to you telling the truth, then it probably makes sense to try lying for a change.
Elizabeth Norris, Unraveling|He takes two steps back. Closer to the portal.I can't stop myself. "Ben," I call. And I'm not even embarrassed about how helpless my voice sounds.Don't go."I'll come back for you." He takes another step back. "I promise."Stay."Janelle Tenner," he says. "I will always fucking love you." And then he takes one more step back. Into the portal.And the blackness swallows him whole.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|She couldn’t tell how long she’d been searching for her daughter. It was dusk, but it had seemed darker as she ran through the wood, tripping on hooked tree roots, her feet crunching through crisp, curled ash leaves.
G.S. Jennsen, Abysm|The Machine is the friend of ideas and the enemy of superstition: the Machine is omnipotent, eternal; blessed is the Machine.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Love is about accepting another - heart, soul, body and mind, and caring for them deeply.
John Wooden|I love 'Annie Hall,' but then I adore 'Hannah and Her Sisters.' Dianne Wiest is amazing in 'Bullets Over Broadway,' but her in 'Hannah and Her Sisters,' I absolutely loved it.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|One might say my life has been tragic. Yet, as I sat in pain in the hospital I raised my tired hands toward the sky, palms facing in, fingers spread, and I gave thanks.
Paul Theroux|You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late, you weren't nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.
Rebekah Martin|Well, there's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything.
Dorothea Lange|Everything that flickered could be made permanent. That was what drew him to photography, what made every painstaking step worth it: the permanence of the image. That was what fascinated him, the working against time...
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Because salvation is by grace through faith, I believe that among the countless number of people standing in front of the throne and in front of the Lamb, dressed in white robes and holding palms in their hands (see Revelation 7:9), I shall see the prostitute from the Kit-Kat Ranch in Carson City, Nevada, who tearfully told me that she could find no other employment to support her two-year-old son. I shall see the woman who had an abortion and is haunted by guilt and remorse but did the best she could faced with grueling alternatives; the businessman besieged with debt who sold his integrity in a series of desperate transactions; the insecure clergyman addicted to being liked, who never challenged his people from the pulpit and longed for unconditional love; the sexually abused teen molested by his father and now selling his body on the street, who, as he falls asleep each night after his last 'trick', whispers the name of the unknown God he learned about in Sunday school.'But how?' we ask.Then the voice says, 'They have washed their robes and have made them white in the blood of the Lamb.'There they are. There *we* are - the multitude who so wanted to be faithful, who at times got defeated, soiled by life, and bested by trials, wearing the bloodied garments of life's tribulations, but through it all clung to faith. My friends, if this is not good news to you, you have never understood the gospel of grace.
Leonard Woolf|When will the human race choose wisely? All know it is just as eventful, if not more so, when the young seek adventure, purpose, and dreams; instead of blaming everyone but themselves if they choose otherwise.
Simonides|You will stay and help defend our cave against all comers, protect those weaker than yourself and honor our code. Always use the sword to stand for good and right, never do a thing you would be ashamed of, and never let your heart rule your mind ... And never let another creature take this sword from you, not as long as you live. When the time comes, pass it on to another, maybe your own son. You will know instinctively if he is a warrior. If not, hide the sword where only a true warrior who is brave of heart would dare to go and find it. Swear this to me, Martin.
Shannon L. Alder|Don’t say you don’t have enough time or enough money to change the world. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Gandhi, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci and Jesus Christ.
Chip Beck|Are you what is called a lucky man? Well, you are sad every day. Each day has its great grief or its little care...Hardly one day in a hundred of unbroken joy and sunshine. And you are of that small number who at lucky! As for the other men, stagnant night is upon them.
Bob Riley|Taxes are like abortion, and not just because both are grotesque procedures supported by Democrats. You're for them or against them. Taxes go up or down; government raises taxes or lowers them. But Democrats will not let the words 'abortion' or 'tax hikes' pass their lips.
Julia Glass, Three Junes|To love me, my family does not need to understand me.
Ruby Paul|Don't need to stand by me, I'm enough for myself.
Abhijit Naskar|Because I first trusted God, I no longer worried if Garrett would leave me. Because the foundation of my trust was in the God of creation and not in a human, I was free to love, enjoy and even make mistakes in my relationships. Whether I made the mistake or Garrett did, together we knew it was all covered under the Cross of Jesus Christ. God had already forgiven us for past, current and even future sins. Because we accepted by faith the sacrifice of His Son Jesus, we were allowed the freedom to grow in every area of our life, especially our marriage!
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Starting over can be the scariest thing in the entire world, whether it’s leaving a lover, a school, a team, a friend or anything else that feels like a core part of our identity but when your gut is telling you that something here isn’t right or feels unsafe, I really want you to listen and trust in that voice.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Sunflowers for Sarita is a fast-paced, high caliber romantic suspense. I couldn't stop reading!
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|Be innocent, wise and ninety-five.
Mireya Mayor, Pink Boots and a Machete: My Journey from NFL Cheerleader to National Geographic Explorer|A budding fashionista even at four, I would capture the little lizards and latch them, still living, onto my earlobes as earrings. Most girls wouldn't touch them, I thought they completed the outfit.
Nora Roberts, Born in Fire|He wanted to be a poet,' someone else put in while Maggie hugged Tim and patted his back. 'Said he'd only lacked the words to be one.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|And I still don’t know what I would do next. I still don’t know how to become an adult. But I know for sure that my parents would be proud of me, proud of their three daughters, no matter what path we choose. And it doesn’t matter if we get lost or choose the wrong path, because what matters is choosing to get back up once again.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If knowledge is lacking, your destruction is inevitable. Hosea 4:6
B.H. Fairchild|Leaning against my car after changing the oil,I hold my black hands out and stare into themas if they were the faces of my children lookingat the winter moon and thinking of the snowthat will erase everything before they wake. In the garage, my wife comes behind meand slides her hands beneath my soiled shirt.Pressing her face between my shoulder blades,she mumbles something, and soon we are laughing,wrestling like children among piles of old rags,towels that unravel endlessly, torn sheets,work shirts from twenty years ago when I stoodin the door of a machine shop, grease blackened,and Kansas lay before me blazing with new snow,a future of flat land, white skies, and sunlight.After making love, we lie on the abandonedmattress and stare at our pale winter bodiessprawling in the half-light. She touches her belly,the scar of our last child, and the black printsof my hand along her hips and thighs.
Mia Moore, 22|There are dread secrets that none may know and have peace. More, secrets that render whosoever knoweth them an alien unto the tribe he belongs to, that cause him to walk alone on earth, for he who takes, pays.
John Muir, The Wild Muir: Twenty-Two of John Muir's Greatest Adventures|Long, blue, spiky-edged shadows crept out across the snow-fields, while a rosy glow, at first scarce discernible, gradually deepened and suffused every mountain-top, flushing the glaciers and the harsh crags above them. This was the alpenglow, to me the most impressive of all the terrestrial manifestations of God. At the touch of this divine light, the mountains seemed to kindle to a rapt, religious consciousness, and stood hushed like devout worshippers waiting to be blessed.
Zhuangzi|My new life goes beyond my dreams because my dream was Formula One and I achieved it. I'm a driver, I feel like a driver. I have won this race because I am alive.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|The service members who defend our way of life ask very little in return, but they deserve teachers who will be as relentless in teaching their children as the military is in protecting our interests at home and abroad.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It's when the seed grows up that it is known as a tree. Nobody calls the "seedlings" as "trees" and no seedling is ever useful because it doesn't produce fruits! You got to grow up!
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|I have nothing to do with the partisans. I wish to defy society not in order to improve it, but to hold it at bay no matter what. I suspend my achievements – but also my demands.
W. Clement Stone|None of us got to where we are alone. Whether the assistance we received was obvious or subtle, acknowledging someone's help is a big part of understanding the importance of saying thank you.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|In more ways than any of us can name, love is wrapped up with the idea of expectation.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|The Christian Journey is not just to a place "Heaven", it is also to a person "Jesus". Ephesians 4:13 says "Till we all come to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Our power of being happy lies a good deal in ourselves, I believe.
Toni Sorenson|Finally, slowly, drippingly, degrade the term Choice down to its most meager means: The red car not the black one. The 9:25 showing, not the 7:15. Ritz not Wheat Thins.
George Aiken|You pray for things and accept the blessings when they come, you know? And it is about how you talk to yourself and what you say morning, noon and night about what you want to happen in your life. Some folks call that creative visualization. Other people call it prayer. But it is about that message that you send out there to yourself.
Russ Harris|My whole life, I prepared to come down in order to save the world above.. Now I have to ascend to save the world below..
C.S. Lewis|[S]elfish members win within groups, but groups of altruists best groups of selfish members. (63)
Zeinab Alayan, Puppet Parade|So the I.F. is spying on Earth.""Just as a mother spies on her children at play in the yard.""Good to know you're looking out for us, Mummy.
Erika Hall, Just Enough Research|I never came into the church as a person who was being taught. I came in on my knees. That is the only way in. When people start praying they need truths; that’s all. You don’t come into the Church by ideas and concepts, and you cannot leave by mere disagreement. It has to be a loss of faith, a loss of participation. You can tell when people leave the Church: they have quit praying.Actively relating to the Church's prayer and sacraments is not done through ideas. Any Catholic today who has an intellectual disagreement with the Church has an illusion. You cannot have an intellectual disagreement with the Church: that's meaningless. The Church is not an intellectual institution. It is a superhuman institution.
Nike Thaddeus|Do the little things. In the future when you look back, they'd have made the greatest change.
Roman Payne|The ‘Muse’ is not an artistic mystery, but a mathematical equation. The gift are those ideas you think of as you drift to sleep. The giver is that one you think of when you first awake.
Debasish Mridha|When I look at the moon, I can only see your joyful smile.
Terence McKenna|Meaning lies in the confrontation of contradiction - the coincidencia apositorum. That’s what we really feel, not these rational schemes that are constantly beating us over the head with the “thou shalts” and “thou should”, but rather a recovery of the real ambiguity of being and an ability to see ourselves as at once powerful and weak, noble and ignoble, future-oriented, past-facing.
Roger Waters|We're just two lost souls Swimming in a fish bowl, Year after year, Running over the same old ground. What have we found? The same old fears. Wish you were here.
Catherine Mackinnon|I wish I could convey the perfection of a seal slipping into water or a spider monkey swinging from point to point or a lion merely turning its head. But language founders in such seas. Better to picture it in your head if you want to feel it...I spent more hours than I can count a quiet witness to the highly mannered, manifold expressions of life that grace our planet. It is something so bright, loud, weird and delicate as to stupefy the senses.
Michael Winship|Scientists divide. We discriminate. It is the inevitable occupational hazard of our profession that we must break the world into its constituent parts -- genes, atoms, bytes -- before making it whole again. We know of no other mechanism to understand the world: to create the sum of its parts, we must begin by dividing it into the parts of the sum.
A.J. Hartley, Darwen Arkwright and the Peregrine Pact|I think I was very often bored as a child, but boredom is not what I knew it as—what I knew was that I worried a lot
Lynne Truss, Eats, Shoots & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation|Reading makes immigrants of us all. It takes us away from home, but, most important, it finds homes for us everywhere.
Max von Sydow|All my life I've had the privilege to make my living with my imagination, and the most important thing has been to see my creative life grow. I was educated to do that and have lived accordingly.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The body suffers, but the spirit is renewed.
C.D. Reiss, Sing|Give me a number between one and ten.”“Two.”“Forget that, then. Between five and ten.”“Seven.”“That’s how many times you’re coming before sunrise...
Jonathan Maberry, Dead of Night|Because Wikipedia is a process, not a product, it replaces guarantees offered by institutions with probabilities supported by process.
Dave Grohl|The country that is more developed industrially only shows, to the less developed, the image of its own future.
Anthony T. Hincks|I still believe in miracles, because being alive is a miracle on its own.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|My dad said to me a few years ago: "There's no harm in thinking." We were talking about Crazy Uncle Albert and whether it was right to use your brain to build weapons.He said, "You can't expect people not to think. Not to know things just because they COULD be bad."I said, "Yeah, but then they built it and a hundred thousand people died."My dad laughed and said there were a lot of steps between the thinking and the doing.Which I know, duh. All I was saying is that when you think of doing something, you don't always know the consequences. For a while people THOUGHT about building the bomb, but nothing happened. In the end it was a lot of different people doing a lot of different things, most of which had nothing to do with the bomb, that did make it happen.I think about that sometimes. Who was the person who had the first thought, the one that started it all?And after they had the thought, what was the first thing they did?I know my uncle never thought, Hey, all this great science- one day I'll use it to kill a whole bunch of people. You just look at his picture; he's not that kind of person.And yet, I guess in a way he sort of is.
Yuli Pritania, On(c)e|It's okay, we can go back from this." It comes out of his mouth so kind - he means it - and it just makes me feel worse. That he can kiss me like this and change everything, but still promise me nothing has to change because I can't promise him anything.
Julie A. Barnes, All Flavors|Mindfulness works like a vaccine, boosting natural resilience. You undertake practices that can initially feel odd or counterintuitive. You practise in safe, low-risk ways, stimulating the recovery and growth mechanisms of the human mind and emotions. Meditating builds resilience muscles that are strong enough to kick in during stressful moments in life, when you need them the most.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz|All stories interest me, and some haunt me until I end up writing them. Certain themes keep coming up: justice, loyalty, violence, death, political and social issues, freedom.
Megyn Kelly|When Brad and I got married in 2008, it got a lot of attention. And all the attention was over the fact that we were two men, but people were hardly conscious of the fact that we were entering into an interracial marriage. That's wonderful, because it was only 50 years ago with Loving v. Virginia that interracial marriages were made legal.
Albert Ellis|As an organizer, I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be. That we accept the world as it is does not in any sense weaken our desire to change it into what we believe it should be - it is necessary to begin where the world is if we are going to change it to what we think it should be. That means working in the system.
Chris Jordan|We all want a world without war, without conflict, without human suffering.
Campbell Brown|My parents used to do these little film festivals in our house where we'd watch all the Marx Brothers movies, or Chaplin movies, and a lot of westerns.
Michael Phelps|Integrity is not a conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see a man who won't cheat, then you know he never will.
Gary   Hansen, The Second Revolution|And where there are shadows, there is light, Liebchen.
Bill Maher|Sadness and love and pain, they're easy to feel- but not luck.
E.F. Benson, Miss Mapp|If there is a god, I think he has a sense of humour. He does not require human beings to protect him from satire.
Gordon W. Allport|The private sector is the key player in cyber security. Private sector companies are the primary victims of cyber intrusions. And they also possess the information, the expertise, and the knowledge to address cyber intrusions and cyber crime in general.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|There you go, Harry!” Ron shouted over the noise. “You weren’t being thick after all — you were showing moral fiber!
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I'm not afraid of anything anymore. I've found out Ghosts don't hide under my bed or in my closets either. They exist in plain sight - everyday; Conjured up by 'our song' playing on the radio. By the mailman's blue eyes that are so like yours I could get utterly lost in them. They come as raindrops, kissing my skin... the way you used to. Ghosts are everywhere.
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|The more I learn about myself, the more I realize it isn't about me.
Natalie Goldberg, Thunder and Lightning: Cracking Open the Writer's Craft|In the past few years I've assigned books to be read before a student attends one of my weeklong seminars. I have been astonished by how few people -- people who supposedly want to write -- read books, and if they read them, how little they examine them.
Meg Wolitzer, The Position|No one had told her this would happen, that her girlishness would give way to the solid force of wifehood, motherhood. The choices available were all imperfect. If you chose to be with someone, you often wanted to be alone. If you chose to be alone, you often felt the unbearable need for another body - not necessarily for sex, but just to rub your foot, to sit across the table, to drop his things around the room in a way that was maddening but still served as a reminder that he was there.
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|Hold in, hold in, one crack and the wall is breached. I need now to be finite, self-contained, to stop this bacterial grief dividing and multiplying till its weight is the weight of the world. Bacteria: agents of putrefaction. My father's decay lodged in me.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|He [Hamlet] sees ghosts and listens to dreams. And when his ghost father tells him that he (Hamlet Senior) was killed by his brother and asks Hamlet Junior to avenge his death, in the right, honorable way, Hamlet says yes, yes, yes, he'll do it. But somehow he never gets round to it. Not like the other two young men in the play. The Norwegian Prince Fortinbras(...) has made his life [!!] pursuing the honor that his father lost when Hamlet Senior beat him in single combat. (...). When the lord chamberlain,Polonius, is killed, his son, Laertes, returns to the court immediately, demanding restitution, (...). So there is no shortage of examples of how young men are expected to and do act in this world where honor demands an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a life for a life. But Hamlet doesn't do it. Instead, he beats up on his girlfriend and he's cruel to his mother.
Alexander Strauch, Leading with Love|So she prayed, Lord, give me patience. She knew that was not an honest prayer, and she did not linger over it....it cost her tears to think that her situation might actually be that desolate, so she prayed again for patience, for tact, for understanding--for every virtue that might keep her safe from conflicts that would be sure to leave her wounded, every virtue that might at least help her to preserve an appearance of dignity, for heaven's sake.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|Time seems so inconceivably vast, until it crushes, pressing you paper-thin between one broken-heartbeat passed, and the laughter yet to come.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Peace is the music of every soul. Our glory lies in understanding, listening and honoring that music
Mark Helprin|We get information in the mail, the regular postal mail, encrypted or not, vet it like a regular news organization, format it - which is sometimes something that's quite hard to do, when you're talking about giant databases of information - release it to the public and then defend ourselves against the inevitable legal and political attacks.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I was familiar with the little mating rituals of getting to know each other, of dragging out the stories from childhood, summer camp, and high school, the famous humiliations, and the adorable things you said as a child, the familial dramas—of having a portrait of yourself, all the while making yourself out to be a little brighter, a little more deep than deep down you knew you actually were. And though I hadn’t had more than three or four relationships, I already knew that each time the thrill of telling another the story of yourself wore off a little more, each time you threw yourself into it a little less, and grew more distrustful of an intimacy that always, in the end, failed to pass into true understanding.
Charles Nall, Broken Horizon|These guys are tough, this world is crazy and the wind here is crazy strong! However if I want a normal life for once I have to try harder! Angel - From Revenge of the Gloobas. Coming soon!
Kristyn Van Cleave|I love you all for bearing with me, whether I was asking your opinion on the best sources to base the magic in the book off of, hearing your suggestions on wording, or having an argument with you on just how "that sentence has completely correct grammar." On that note, also telling me when the fantasy just got way too cheesy.
Rick Santorum, Bella's Gift: How One Little Girl Transformed Our Family and Inspired a Nation|In some mysterious way, in all his brokenness, he reveals to us our own brokenness, our difficulties in loving, our barriers and hardness of heart. If he is so broken and so hurt and yet is still such a source of life, then I, too, am allowed to look at my own brokenness and to trust that I, too, can give life to others. I do not have to pretend that I am better than others and that I have to win in all the competitions. It’s okay to be myself, just as I am, in my uniqueness. That, of course, is a very healing and liberating experience. I am allowed to be myself, with all my psychological and physical wounds, with all my limitations but with all my gifts too. And I can trust that I am loved just as I am, and that I, too, can love and grow.
Vironika Tugaleva|Before label yourself and before you decide that there is something irreparably wrong with your thoughts or emotions, ask yourself: “Do I have a caring, unconditionally loving best friend in myself?” If the answer is “No,” then you will not find the solution to your suffering until you address this serious, life-threatening absence of self-compassion. Self-love is not a dinner mint. Self-love matters. Self-love saves lives.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|...as the slow sea sucked at the shore and then withdrew, leaving the strip of seaweed bare and the shingle churned, the sea birds raced and ran upon the beaches. Then that same impulse to flight seized upon them too. Crying, whistling, calling, they skimmed the placid sea and left the shore. Make haste, make speed, hurry and begone; yet where, and to what purpose? The restless urge of autumn, unsatisfying, sad, had put a spell upon them and they must flock, and wheel, and cry; they must spill themselves of motion before winter came.
Donna Grant, Dark Craving|Suddenly Hal burst through the nearby trees and came to an abrupt halt when he saw her. "Cassie, are you hurt?"He asked it so casually, as if he came upon women being held at sword point by nude men all the time.
Rose Kennedy|Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.
Vladimir Lenin|So the major obstacle to the development of new supplies is not geology but what happens above ground: international affairs, politics, investment and technology.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|Don't believe the dark whisperings that invite you to walk backward. At any time in your life, you have the power to turn forward.
Amanda Bernardo|One of the things I’ve learned about vision is people will grab it mentally or, have a crab mentality.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Other than the substantial physiological impact of prayer/meditation, there is another much simpler mind-body intervention that helps all religious and spiritual individuals in all walks of life, regardless of whether they pray regularly or not. It is commonly known as faith.
Valentino Rossi|The fact is I don't drive just to get from A to B. I enjoy feeling the car's reactions, becoming part of it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Two key leadership excellence values worth focusing on separately are being principle-centred and being consistent. The complimentary construction of these leadership fibres can easily be misconstrued for unreasonable stubbornness, yet they form the backbone of strong, effective transformational leadership. In building the legacy advocated for, in leadership excellence brands, you must sharpen the practice of these leadership values in every area of your life.
Paul Ryan|My mum and dad aren't together, but she plays a massive part in my life. We have deep conversations: I tell her where I need support, where I feel she's lacking, and I support her with whatever she needs. I understand she won't be here forever, and I want no regrets.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|He gently sucked on my lower lip, biting it carefully with his teeth. It sent tingles all over my body and I had to hold on to his strong shoulders, firm under my fingers. I opened my mouth and tugged once on his lip ring. What happened next was the best sound I had ever heard before. He groaned so deeply that I couldn’t keep my answering moan quiet.
Zakariyya Sheikh|We will all have an end to this journey one day, some will have a great ending some will have it bad, but it’s the journey that they take that matters, in the end.
Colin Farrell|Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.
John James Audubon|I felt a failure because I couldn't sustain myself from what I earned from my writing. My day jobs were what mattered, and it was hard to even get those because universities wouldn't hire me as a real writer.
Margaret Atwood|No one ever forgets a toy that made him or her supremely happy as a child, even if that toy is replaced by one like it that is much nicer.
James Bowen, A Street Cat Named Bob: And How He Saved My Life|I don't know why, but people seem to be fascinated to learn how some members of society fall through the cracks. I think it's partly that feeling that... it could happen to anyone. But I think it also makes people feel better about their own lives. It makes them think, 'Well, I may think my life is bad, but it could be worse, I could be that poor sod.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Possession|Know this. If you're here to hurt my ship, or my crew, I will make sure you truly do know sufferi
Trey Parker|We go to Italy every winter, and my husband's mother has a bingo party on Christmas. Every woman brings a dish: lentils, cavolo nero, tons of beans, polenta, every type of cheese, bruschetta, fresh vegetables, and local olive oil and wine.
Jeremiah Burroughs|A breeze blew softly, slightly rippling the water as it carried the heady scents of late Carolina springtime through the air. Honeysuckle. Jasmine. Ripe, pungent river mud. Ah, the world felt right.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every book adds a grain of humility and humanity to the communal ground that we tread. Writing is the one method that the modern shaman employs to interpret reality and create messages that will provide a beacon of light to other members of our tribe. So long as ignorance, misery, and confusion remain on earth, and people look to expand their state of awareness, books that contribute to the aesthetics of despair, a world composed of mist and shadows cannot be useless. Writing is a personal effort to coexist with the banality, tedium, and anguish of living a fated life. Writing is a shamanistic act of faith because seeking to link thoughts together in order to understand how one fits into nature’s wonderland is a quest for unity and wholeness, the ultimate medicinal poultices that all self-disciplined shaman and alchemistic writers aspire to achieve.
E.B. White|Man does not necessarily begin with despotism because he is barbarous, but very often finds his way to despotism because he is civilised. He finds it because he is experienced; or, what is often much the same thing, because he is exhausted
Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish|Remember that your fans are your lifeblood. See that you know who they are, and give them a reason to follow you. Be sure to thank them, often, for caring enough to support you. They’re responsible for your success just as much as you are.
A.M. Willard, Fading Memories|Only time will tell, as our memories fade into a past that isn’t meant to be a part of the future. Eventually, we have to find a way to let them go, to move forward and accept what’s to come.
Craig Davidson, Cataract City|When you're a kid all you know is that your dad puts on his suit or overalls and vanishes from your life until nightfall. Sometimes my pops came back exhausted and scarlet-eyed, as if he'd been engaged in a low wattage war someplace.
Durga Chew-Bose, Too Much and Not the Mood|Change, I've come to understand, rises up like nausea: the promise of relief is what makes it bearable.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|People will give away almost anything in charity, but their unadulterated attention must be earned
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|If anyone had asked Royce Melborn what he hated most at that moment, he would’ve said dogs. Dogs and dwarves topped his list, both equally despised for having so much in common—each was short, vicious, and inexcusably hairy.
R.A. Dick, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir|Knowledge and book learning are not wisdom," said the captain."Is this book wisdom?" asked Lucy, putting the manuscript back on the table."It has some elements of wisdom in it, me dear," replied the captain. "I did not lead a very wise life myself but it was a full one and a grown-up one. You come to age very often through shipwreck and disaster, and at the heart of the whirlpool some men find God.
Kathleen Tessaro, The Perfume Collector|In walking, we acquire more of less.
Maylanie Citra Liem|Anyone who says "Trust me" is the last motherfucker you should ever trust.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The day you stop dreaming, you stop creating the future as well!
Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found|River smiled sweetly at his tormentors and told them, "If you want to kick my ass, go ahead. Just explain to me why you're doing it."After a confused pause, one of the skinheads said, "Ah, you wouldn't be worth it.""We're all worth it, man," River said with a beatific smile. "We're all worth millions of planets and stars and galaxies and universes.
David L. Felten, Living the Questions: The Wisdom of Progressive Christianity|The Reality of the Creator God of Christianity blatantly reveals itself in His majestic handy-work."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Carol Deppe, The Resilient Gardener: Food Production and Self-Reliance in Uncertain Times|We gardeners are healthy, joyous, natural creatures. We are practical, patient, optimistic. We declare our optimism every year, every season, with every act of planting.
George Vecsey|This occasional sports columnist, who has been to his share of Super Bowls, had been glad to be home on Super Bowl Sunday, but the scary commercials made me want to be in the melee of the arena, where you are not aware of commercials.
Sujish Kandampully|Believe in yourself, always.
Henry David Thoreau, Slavery in Massachusetts|But since we’re on the topic of identity and narrative voice - here’s an interesting conundrum. You may know that The Correspondence Artist won a Lambda Award. I love the Lambda Literary Foundation, and I was thrilled to win a Lammy. My book won in the category of “Bisexual Fiction.” The Awards (or nearly all of them) are categorized according to the sexual identity of the dominant character in a work of fiction, not the author. I’m not sure if “dominant” is the word they use, but you get the idea. The foregrounded character. In The Correspondence Artist, the narrator is a woman, but you’re never sure about the gender of her lover. You’re also never sure about the lover’s age or ethnicity - these things change too, and pretty dramatically. Also, sometimes when the narrator corresponds with her lover by email, she (the narrator) makes reference to her “hard on.” That is, part of her erotic play with her lover has to do with destabilizing the ways she refers to her own sex (by which I mean both gender and naughty bits). So really, the narrator and her lover are only verifiably “bisexual” in the Freudian sense of the term - that is, it’s unclear if they have sex with people of the same sex, but they each have a complex gender identity that shifts over time. Looking at the various possible categorizations for that book, I think “Bisexual Fiction” was the most appropriate, but better, of course, would have been “Queer Fiction.” Maybe even trans, though surely that would have raised some hackles.So, I just submitted I’m Trying to Reach You for this year’s Lambda Awards and I had to choose a category. Well. As I said, the narrator identifies as a gay man. I guess you’d say the primary erotic relationship is with his boyfriend, Sven. But he has an obsession with a weird middle-aged white lady dancer on YouTube who happens to be me, and ultimately you come to understand that she is involved in an erotic relationship with a lesbian electric guitarist. And this romance isn’t just a titillating spectacle for a voyeuristic narrator: it turns out to be the founding myth of our national poetics! They are Emily Dickinson and Walt Whitman! Sorry for all the spoilers. I never mind spoilers because I never read for plot. Maybe the editor (hello Emily) will want to head plot-sensitive readers off at the pass if you publish this paragraph. Anyway, the question then is: does authorial self-referentiality matter? Does the national mythos matter? Is this a work of Bisexual or Lesbian Fiction? Is Walt trans? I ended up submitting the book as Gay (Male) Fiction. The administrator of the prizes also thought this was appropriate, since Gray is the narrator. And Gray is not me, but also not not me, just as Emily Dickinson is not me but also not not me, and Walt Whitman is not my lover but also not not my lover. Again, it’s a really queer book, but the point is kind of to trip you up about what you thought you knew about gender anyway.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|Drag your thoughts awayfrom your troubles...by the ears, by the heels,or any other way you can manage it.
Lou Holtz|It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Pablo Picasso|We are all human beings, and we all have insecurities, but it's about being healthy and happy with yourself. I'm not perfect, and I will indulge in pizza and sweets on occasion. The goal is to make the majority of your decisions good for your body. So listen to your body, and treat it like your temple.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not a place or destination but a perception.Peace is not in wealth or splendorBut in conviction.Peace is in friendship, love and unity.Peace is in care, tranquility and serenity. Peace is in compliment, appreciation and forgiveness. Peace is the source of smile, joy and happiness.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|If wealth is a magnet, poverty is a kind of repellent.
Saminu Kanti|The more alien that you make your environment, the more likely it is that you will be sick.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|if you are suffering without a belief in God, then there is not a lot of hope that your pain has any greater purpose in the grand scheme of the universe. Suffering is just a part of naturalistic evolution weeding you out of existence for something stronger and younger to take your place on the food chain.
Kim Dotcom|I have a huge ego - I know that. Do I worry about it? No, I think it's cool. I have a lot of fun.
Joel Salatin|If I were a rock star, I'd design my own clothes. I'd do it because that's the mark of a true rock star.
Kenya Wright, 420|He placed his hands to his belt buckle and undid it. “Just be careful, Red. This isn’t a fairytale. No one will save you, if you decide to see how sharp the wolf’s teeth really are.
Fernando Pessoa, Poems of Fernando Pessoa|If after I die, people want to write my biography, there is nothing simpler. They only need two dates: the date of my birth and the date of my death. Between one and another, every day is mine.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|Working on a typewriter by touch, like riding a bicycle or strolling on a path, is best done by not giving it a glancing thought. Once you do, your fingers fumble and hit the wrong keys. To do things involving practiced skills, you need to turn loose the systems of muscles and nerves responsible for each maneuver, place them on their own, and stay out of it. There is no real loss of authority in this, since you get to decide whether to do the thing or not, and you can intervene and embellish the technique any time you like; if you want to ride a bicycle backward, or walk with an eccentric loping gait giving a little skip every fourth step, whistling at the same time, you can do that. But if you concentrate your attention on the details, keeping in touch with each muscle, thrusting yourself into a free fall with each step and catching yourself at the last moment by sticking out the other foot in time to break the fall, you will end up immobilized, vibrating with fatigue. It is a blessing to have options for choice and change in the learning of such unconsciously coordinated acts. If we were born with all these knacks inbuilt, automated like ants, we would surely miss the variety. It would be a less interesting world if we all walked and skipped alike, and never fell from bicycles. If we were all genetically programmed to play the piano deftly from birth, we might never learn to understand music.
Madeleine M. Kunin|My first experience in the Netherlands was very pleasant, extremely pleasant. I mean, I got my residence permit, refugee status, within four weeks of arrival. People treated me extremely well.
christos Stavrou|Don't try to fix the past,try to build the future.
Esther Dalseno, Drown|It seemed only right that beauty was the key to the industry, and the sacrificing of beauty to buy possessions seemed only fair to her evolving mind.
Bertrand Russell, Our Knowledge of the External World|Philosophy, from the earliest times, has made greater claims, and achieved fewer results, than any other branch of learning.
Kemi Sogunle|Every action you take, leads to a consequence you face. Choose wisely!
Erwin Schrödinger, What Is Life? with Mind and Matter and Autobiographical Sketches|We have inherited from our forefathers the keen longing for unified, all-embracing knowledge.
Michelle M. Pillow|I find it funny when people try to brag about being younger than me...like having lived less is an accomplishment. Makes me want to pat them on the head, lol. I'm comfortable with who I am.
Stephen Greco|Bugle"Black beetles know where the most recent bonesbake in the heat, tendons and meat long gone, bleached white, and if you give them cheap wine --drizzle a few red drops on a flat stone--they will lead you to a barren gulchsurrounded by sages and nettles, dirtburnt to powdery sand and sharp thorns. Hunchabove the skeleton, bow your head, start reciting verses you learned as a child, there, under the sun with rocks and brush, bare locust tree a telling reliquary of dust to dust, all so brutally hot. You must pull ribs from that rotting body,words that matter: love me, love me not.
Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You|If he was planning to attack and ravish, he gave no indication of being in a hurry to do so.
Angie karan|The word "Eucharist" means literally "act of thanksgiving." To celebrate the Eucharist and to live a Eucharistic life has everything to do with gratitude. Living Eucharistically is living life as a gift, a gift for which one is grateful. But gratitude is not the most obvious response to life, certainly not when we experience life as a series of losses! Still, the great mystery we celebrate in the Eucharist and live in a Eucharistic life is precisely that through mourning our losses we come to know life as a gift.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you go nearer to God, He shows you what to do, He tells you when to do it and He backs whatever He promised.
Samuel Johnson, Samuel Johnson on Shakespeare|Books are Lighthouses erected in the sea of time." Prospero in Shakespeare's The Tempest
John Ralston Saul, The Unconscious Civilization|What could be better for slave owners than slaves who think they’re free? This is the greatest trick ever pulled: a nation of slaves who think they’re free. Slaves must be fed, housed, even clothed. But if they must feed, house, and clothe themselves as ‘payment’ for their work, this removes burden from the slave owner—while the same work is performed and accomplished, to the benefit of the slave owner. The best part is that slaves who think they’re free will never work to end their slavery. They will look down on those who do not work. To work to end their slavery, they must first learn they are slaves. This is the hardest task of all: to free their minds.
Ken Niimura, Gotham Academy #16|Someone once said: "We do not make friends, we recognize them." And you'll know who they are because they play according to the same rules that you do.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When birds eat from your hand, they are letting the whole world know that they trust you.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The silence broke:"Sometimes I liked it", I said "Sometimes I liked it that she was dead.""You mean it felt good?""No. I don't know. It felt ... pure.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|My heart always knew, you're the dew, my dry soul would never adieu.. but I still don't know why I let you go and waited all my life just for you.
Hayley Williams|I remember a conversation with my parents about who the people on the TV were, and learning they were actors and they acted out this story and just thinking that was the most fantastic notion, and that's what I want to do.
Erik Paulsen|When I'm engaged in a story my health is not a big deal, but when I'm not doing anything, if you sit me down, I can get tied up in my own medical dramas. So I much prefer to work.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|I didn't feel like I had control over anything else in my life, but food was something I could control, so I did.
Henry Ford|A positive attitude may not solve all our problems but that is the only option we have if we want to get out of problems.-Subodh Gupta author "Stress Management a holistic approach -5 steps plan".
Mary  Stewart, The Stormy Petrel|I doubt if there are many normal women who can resist looking at houses. I believe, in fact, that when a house is up for sale more than half the people who look over it are not prospective buyers, but merely ladies who cannot resist exploring someone else's house.
Raph Koster, Theory of Fun for Game Design|That’s what games are, in the end. Teachers. Fun is just another word for learning.
Baruch Spinoza|The more you struggle to live, the less you live. Give up the notion that you must be sure of what you are doing. Instead, surrender to what is real within you, for that alone is sure....you are above everything distressing.
Gwendolyn Taunton, Primordial Traditions Volume One|There are no barriers to poetry or prophecy; by their nature they are barrier-breakers, bursts of perceptions, lines into infinity. If the poet lies about his vision he lies about himself and in himself; this produces a true barrier.
Bobby Brown|You know, I think I'm more of a micro-person, so to me, the context and the framework of trying to do what you love and feel passionate about, in supporting your family in that way, is the most important thing to me.
Gerald Durrell, My Family and Other Animals|My childhood in Corfu shaped my life. If I had the craft of Merlin, I would give every child the gift of my childhood.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|The people had come to witness a sensational case, to see celebrities, to get material for conversation, to be seen, to kill time. They would return to unwanted jobs, unloved families, unchosen friends, to drawing rooms, evening clothes, cocktail glasses and movies, to unadmitted pain, murdered hope, desire left unreached, left hanging silently over a path on which no step was taken, to days of effort not to think, not to say, to forget and give in and give up. But each of them had known some unforgotten moment-a morning when nothing had happened, a piece of music heard suddenly and never heard in the same way again, a stranger's face seen in a bus-a moment when each had known a different sense of living. And each remembered other moments, on a sleepless night, on an afternoon of steady rain, in a church, in an empty street at sunset, when each had wondered why there was so much suffering and ugliness in the world. They had not tried to find the answer and they had gone on living as if no answer was necessary. But each had known a moment when, in lonely, naked honesty, he had felt the need of an answer.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Aleph and Other Stories|I prayed aloud, less to plead for divine favor than to intimidate the tribe with articulate speech.
Mitch Albom|Sometimes, kids want you to hurt the way they hurt.
Audre Lorde|There is no need for us all to be alike and think the same way, neither do we need a common enemy to force us to come together and reach out to each other. If we allow ourselves and everyone else the freedom to fully individuate as spiritual beings in human form, there will be no need for us to be forced by worldly circumstances to take hands and stand together. Our souls will automatically want to flock together, like moths to the flame of our shared Divinity, yet each with wings covered in the glimmering colors and unique patterns of our individual human expression.
Amy Efaw, After|What you desire is what you want, what you have is what Allah wants.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|Each journey is unique, and each seeker charts a new path. But it is infinitely easier to do so having at least some knowledge about the experiences of those who have gone before. When we learn about the many different heroic paths available to us, we understand that there is room for all of us to be heroic in our own unique ways.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|Sadie," he said forlornly, "when you become a parent, you may understand this. One of my hardest jobs as a father, one of my greatest duties, was to realize that my own dreams, my own goals and wishes, are secondary to my children's.
Murray Gell-Mann, The Quark and the Jaguar: Adventures in the Simple and the Complex|In 1963, when I assigned the name "quark" to the fundamental constituents of the nucleon, I had the sound first, without the spelling, which could have been "kwork." Then, in one of my occasional perusals of Finnegans Wake, by James Joyce, I came across the word "quark" in the phrase "Three quarks for Muster Mark." Since "quark" (meaning, for one thing, the cry of a gull) was clearly intended to rhyme with "Mark," as well as "bark" and other such words, I had to find an excuse to pronounce it as "kwork." But the book represents the dreams of a publican named Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker. Words in the text are typically drawn from several sources at once, like the "portmanteau words" in Through the Looking Glass. From time to time, phrases occur in the book that are partially determined by calls for drinks at the bar. I argued, therefore, that perhaps one of the multiple sources of the cry "Three quarks for Muster Mark" might be "Three quarts for Mister Mark," in which case the pronunciation "kwork" would not be totally unjustified. In any case, the number three fitted perfectly the way quarks occur in nature.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|At one time or another, every warrior wishes to have an unconquerable fortress. Such as a fortress is perceived as a refuge, a place of defiance, or a rock upon which enemies can be goaded into smashing themselves to their own destruction.Politicians, too, yearn for such a fortresses, though they envision them in terms of power and authority instead of stone and weapons and shields. Industrialists wish to be similarly protected against competitors and marauders, while pirates hope for defense against system of authorities. In one way or another, all people wish for ultimate safety.But ultimately safety does not exist. Those who trust in such will find that hope dashed upon the very rock behind which they seek to hide.
Selena Kitt, A Baumgartner Reunion|She tasted sweet, like oranges, liquid sunshine in my mouth as we kissed, our tongues playing together.
John Connolly, The Reapers|The Detective was different. Not that he wasn't a good man; Willie had heard enough about him to understand that he was the kind who didn't like to turn away from another's pain, the kind who couldn't put a pillow over his ears to drown out the cries of strangers. Those scars he had were badges of courage, and Willie knew that there were others hidden beneath his clothes, and still more deep inside, right beneath the skin and down to the soul. No, it was just that whatever goodness was there coexisted with rage and grief and loss.
Jean-Claude Van Damme|I drank a lot when I was a teenager and I don't drink any more, because that's when I thought, you know, I'm gonna end up a car wreck.
Vikas Swarup, Q & A|Gordie, the white boy genius, gave me this book by a Russian dude named Tolstoy, who wrote, 'Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.' Well, I hate to argue with a Russian genius, but Tolstoy didn't know Indians, and he didn't know that all Indian families are unhappy for the same exact reasons: the frikkin' booze.
Frank Bidart, Watching the Spring Festival: Poems|It was nearly lunch-time before Blackie had finished and went in search of T. Chaos had advanced. The kitchen was a shambles of broken glass and china, the dining-room was stripped of parquet, the skirting was up, the door had been taken off its hinges, and the destroyers had moved up a floor. Streaks of light came in through the closed shutters where they worked with the seriousness of creators - and destruction after all is a form of creation. A kind of imagination had seen this house as it had now become. ("The Destructors")
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|The two of us locked up our own little secrets from the real world. We had experienced countless sleepless nights when we would share our fears, our worries, and our passions; when we would gossip about the school and the other girls. We had played too many pranks and snuck out more than enough times to be expelled if the teachers ever found out. We were professionals at the art of being discreet; however, we had never found sneaking out of a residence necessary, especially when the reason was not to play a prank.
Colin Powell|I was 21 and had been going out with my boyfriend for two years when I found out I was pregnant - despite being told by doctors that I was sterile. Jamie's father and I hadn't discussed marriage, and to me, it wasn't something to be entered into just to stop gossip.
B. F. Skinner|I believe that architecture, as anything else in life, is evolutionary. Ideas evolve; they don't come from outer space and crash into the drawing board.
Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson|So this was different. I was amazing now - to them and to myself. It was like I had been born to be a vampire. The idea made me want to laugh, but it also made me want to sing. I had found my true place in the world, the place I fit, the place I shined.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When you hurt one of your characters and then type faster to finish a scene while saying, "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Elizabeth Harrower, In Certain Circles|John had written that normal fantasy ("normal" in the T.S. Kuhn sense) was written for the moderately educated class from suffering ennui. It was for folks stuck doing dull, repetitive work, growing old while not getting laid half often or variously enough, watching other, less deserving people (the privileged and the crooks) scoop up your share of fun. So then the fantasy generates the exciting world where you're given a heroic purpose and an opportunity to use those very powers you have suspected that you had but never have been able to locate and use, except in destructive ways when shit-faced.
Thomas Hardy|Be strong and kill yourself with the sword of hate and love, then you will not hear the insults and abuse which the enemies of the Church throw at you. Your eyes will not see anything which seems impossible, or the sufferings which may follow, but only the light of faith, and in that light everything is possible; and remember God never lays greater burdens on us than we can bear.
Lakshmi Mittal|Peaceful, lawful protest - if it is effective - is innately disruptive of 'business as usual.' That is why it is effective.
Steven Hall, The Unwritten, Vol. 3: Dead Man's Knock|Because every story is a ghost story, even mine.
Shinobu Ohtaka|Everything in the world is actually connected. That means, even if we get separated, we'll never be alone
Plato|Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion has no hold on the mind. Therefore do not use compulsion, but let early education be a sort of amusement; you will then be better able to discover the child's natural bent.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|The effort of explaining, even of expressing himself, had become, with the years, more and more terrifying to him. Whether from laziness or from inability to find the right words, he had developed almost a passion for silence.
Twyla Tharp, The Creative Habit: Learn It and Use It for Life|You don’t get lucky without preparation, and there’s no sense in being prepared if you’re not open to the possibility of a glorious accident.
Kip Fulbeck, Part Asian, 100% Hapa|The demon was turning out to be an unpredictable, feral, bone-and-head-collecting, sexually ravenous happiness battery. She swallowed. All I have to do is plug him in.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Theology is for homemakers who need to know who God is, who they are, and what this mundane life is all about.
Nathan Myhrvold|My mum, Helen, was hilarious. She had a tremendous sense of humour and was a great singer and tap dancer. For many years, she was the voice of Minnie Mouse in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. She would be in the float as it came along, singing whatever the Minnie Mouse song of the day was. She was a really big spirit in my life.
S.G. Holster|When I thought I felt better, grief shot its silver tip arrow at my heart to remind me that it was still there.”Excerpt From: Holster, S.G. “Thirty Seconds to Die.” iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.Check out this book on the iBooks Store
Vikas Swarup, Q & A|I held my breath and wished for that moment to last as long as it possibly could, because a waking dream is always more fleeting than a sleeping one.
Elaine Hussey, The Sweetest Hallelujah|Being a cat means beautiful, agile, innocent, brave, curious and trust also honorable respect for as much as not so doing bribery.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|Marriages don’t end simply because a lack of trust exists. Marriages more specifically end because foundational agreements were broken, disrespectful behavior occurred, healthy and honest communication is lacking, or not “being seen or accepted” has ensued for too long.
Irina Shayk|My mom was concerned that us four little black girls have a really well-balanced life. She wanted us to be around people like us, but we also went to private school and traveled all the time. Now I fit in most places because I've been most places.
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|Some of us die long before our last breath. We perish in the fire of love, reduced to ashes in the consuming blaze. No, we do not die when our hearts cease to beat, but when they start beating the first timefor somebody else.
John Piper, Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God|The bubbly play of wit, the chesty laughs, the resonant voices of men when glass in hand they shut the grey world outside and prod their brains with the fun and folly of an accelerated pulse.
John  Adams, The Portable John Adams|Right is right, even if everyone is against it, and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it.
Tonglin Lu, Confronting Modernity in the Cinemas of Taiwan and Mainland China|One would expect Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands, who is said to have studied history, to know better and act better, but he too rejects all advice and criticism and runs around obliviously in a coach plastered with pictures of his grandmother abusing her captives, including women and children. You might imagine the bigoted Donald Trump to be riding a coach like that in a mock presidential parade in his dreams, but certainly not a twenty first century Dutch royal. I wonder if he ever considered how their Calvinist pomposity affected the psyche of black and white children.
Melissa Febos, Whip Smart: A Memoir|There were upsides to the whole mess. While Douglas was holding me hostage, I’d met a girl—I mean, screw dating websites and house parties; apparently all the really eligible ladies are being held in cages these days. I would have liked to see Brid fill out a dating questionnaire, though. What would she put? “Hi, my name is Bridin Blackthorn. I’m next in line to rule the local werewolf pack. I like long walks on the beach and destroying my enemies. I have four older brothers, so watch your step. We’ll be forming a queue to the left for potential suitors.”And, trust me, there would be a queue.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|I do not like measuring using soft indicators, like RTs or likes. I prefer the hardcore financial values. The ISO 10668:2010 is an international valuation standard that is very valuable if you are interested in how to measure a brand.
Anne Rice, Servant of the Bones|Just tell me why; why the fucking why?" To which the universe would hollowly respond, "My ways cannot be known, oh man." Which is to say, "My ways do not make sense, nor do the ways of those who dwell in me.
Rebecca MacKinnon|Public confidence in, and support for, the euro - and, indeed, the European Union - will ultimately be determined by how well we deliver on growth and jobs rather than on institutional wrangling and complex legal or technical negotiations.
John Rafferty|Man can be an atheist only in theory, not in practice, because the universe is too frightening and too chaotic to be too independent!
Lance Olsen, Calendar of Regrets|Everything changes, sweetheart. The universe loves to happen.
Frances Mayes, Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir|Yvette is a woman who looks like a church bell. Her copper body curves with purpose, angles on a chair as if from a tower overlooking a village by the sea. Her bones are strong everywhere, in her cheeks, her shoulders, her hands. They are made from something more durable like iron or brass. When she smiles, it is as if a bell has been struck, as if music has entered the world the way God intended: at noon by the sea.
Mary Crocker Cook, Codependency & Men|In general, I have noticed that many Codependent men have adopted a “self” based on either an exaggerated male gender role or a reaction to a gender role conflict. The challenge when working with male codependents is to address their gender role exaggeration or conflict directly to see how this gender role “self” has been created as a result of early attachment disruption.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|As people used to say, “What the heart loves is the cure.” The cure for healing the wounds and conflicts between faiths and systems of belief involves awakening to the unique ways that each heart carries devotion and love. When followed far enough, simple belief can transform into wisdom; raw passions can become a greater compassion that trusts what resides in one’s heart and even in the hearts of others. Until the heart opens and the eyes begin to see there is always the danger of blindness and narrowness and the tendency to hold onto narrow ways of being.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself., you are truer than you think.
G.A. Aiken|Tonight, Garret the soldier didn't exist.
Russell Kirk|Curiously, only in sports do we agree to eschew technological advances, making rules, for example, to limit the power potential of baseball bats. We understand that technology will ruin our games, but we do not understand that it can also ruin cultures.
Yatin Patel|I had wanted to get married, but I realized now that I never wanted to be a 'wife.
Ellen J. Barrier|Neither a fake friend nor a liar can be trusted, with a secret.
Debasish Mridha|The more you appreciate and celebrate life with joy, the more abundance will fill your life to enjoy.
Ali Farahnakian|'Texas Chainsaw Massacre' is just one of those movies that's like a page of history. You can't really go wrong. It's a prequel. It's not like number three. Which is really cool, to be the before as opposed to the after.
Oscar Wilde|[Letter to William Ward, 11 July 1878]Dear Boy, Why don’t you write to me? I don’t know what has become of you.As for me I am ruined. The law suit is going against me and I am afraid I will have to pay costs, which means leaving Oxford and doing some horrid work to earn bread. The world is too much for me.However, I have seen Greece and had some golden days of youth. I go back to Oxford immediately for viva voce and then think of rowing up the river to town with Frank Miles. Will you come? YoursOscar
A.A. Milne, When We Were Very Young|The smell of hyacinths in the summer night air. At this moment, standing here with a boy I just met who already feels like home, I am overwhelmed with city love.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|Initially they waited with hope, but as each hour passed, hope slipped away like the wind, the wind that as a small boy Ethan had once tried to capture with his tiny fingers.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|Let your dissent fuel you, your anger inspire you, your rage convey you, and your fury strike a chilling fear onto the spines of your enemies.
S.E. Jakes, Bound by Honor|do not be so quick to say "okay" it is alright to disagree with the action yet love the person.
Helen Humphreys, The Lost Garden|The Gingerbread House has four walls, a roof, a door, a window, and a chimney. It is decorated with many sweet culinary delights on the outside.But on the inside there is nothing—only the bare gingerbread walls.It is not a real house—not until you decide to add a Gingerbread Room.That’s when the stories can move in.They will stay in residence for as long as you abstain from taking the first gingerbread bite.
Marco Raye, The King|As Joab now reflected, however, much time had passed since David lived in that natural God-state and treated his devoted people with that kind of tender loving care. Nowadays, with his ego having taken over his life, David was a different machine. He had become callused, manipulative, and greedy. It was all about money, power, and control. He was now easily threatened, even by what seemed like small insignificant things. Disagreement with him in any form was dangerous. It didn’t take much to set him off, and when it did, anything might happen.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Tiger Lily made an attempt at a smile. After having felt the need to glower at other children for most of her life, smiles never came easily to her face. But this one was half all right."I miss you already," he said.Tiger Lily wanted to say it back. But she held on to the words greedily, too caught in the habit of keeping herself a secret. And Peter-half sadly, half-expectantly-let her go.
Michael Bolton|My family is mostly a chosen one. I've managed to invite some really amazing people into my life and they become family. Brothers, sisters, siblings, mentors, role models. And I like to live that way, where your family bleeds out into the larger community.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|Sadly, some folks don’t live . . . they merely exist.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The greatest crime in human history was not the creation of the armaments of warfare and destruction of life, but the invention of hand mirror, which enticed humankind to peer at their surface appearance instead of seeking spiritual salvation. Prior to the invention of the mirror, people saw themselves through other people’s eyes or by looking deep within themselves.
Kei Miller, The Cartographer Tries to Map a Way to Zion|I know that language will be a crucial instrument, that I can overcome the stigma of my marginality, the weight of presumption against me, only if the reassuringly right sounds come out of my mouth.
Henry Stephens Salt, On Cambrian and Cumbrian Hills Pilgrimages to Snowdon and Scafell|I wonder how much space I take up, if a thought can take up secondary space.
Jennifer Sodini|There is no "I", there's only "we". Meaning all you can touch, and all that you see is a part of you, and a part of me.
Andrena Sawyer|Lord, help us to choose humility over pride. Help us to choose love over our reputation. Help us to choose patience over making a point, and your Word over our feelings. Lord, help us to choose perseverance over the easy way out.
Isaac Asimov|Congratulations on the new library, because it isn't just a library. It is a space ship that will take you to the farthest reaches of the Universe, a time machine that will take you to the far past and the far future, a teacher that knows more than any human being, a friend that will amuse you and console you -- and most of all, a gateway, to a better and happier and more useful
David McRaney|If you fail to believe you will procrastinate or become idealustic about how awesome you are at working hard and managing your time, you never develop a strategy for outmaneuvering your own weakness.
Alessandra Torre, To Have|Security is a strange thing, a myth that the brain allows in exchange for a brief moment of peace.
Kylie Jenner|Growing up, I had a terrible pudding-bowl haircut. I used to cut it myself, and I'd sew my own clothing, too. I looked a little strange compared to the other kids. But the thing was, I felt I looked amazing, so what other people thought never bothered me.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|You are, and always have been, my dream.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|No going around it, no short cuts, no laying of hands, no amount of service, no amount of prophecy, without hard work everything else goes to waste.
Dipin Damodharan|We are still living with the ideology of compromise, not with the ideology of recognition
Jeanette Lynes, Where the Nights Are Twice as Long: Love Letters of Canadian Poets|We don't know what it's like not to be in love with you. We loved you the moment you looked at us, held our hand, danced dirty, kissed us. We were lost in you way before we even met, before the thought crossed your mind that you were bored and we were vaguely good-looking, interesting, exotic, fuckable. While you were weighing options, we were just hoping it wouldn't hurt too much — the fucking, or the falling in love, or the rejection. We didn’t get to choose. — Kai Cheng Thom to -----, 2013 (age 22)
|Living a less complicated life starts from preserving the positive things matter in your life, getting rid of the negative burdens in your mind, and staying out of people's business.
Darien Cox, Guys on Top|You gotta trust someone sometime. They're either gonna f**k you over or they're not. Can't live in fear, and all that, or you'll miss out.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Team Human|But girls willing to share your bed don't equal girls willing to put up with your random crap moods, listen to your exhaustive legal opinions, or support your life's goals the way someone who loves you would.
Tara Estacaan|Dear human,modern incarnatefor a brief moment.Neither of the angels,neither of the demons.Dear human, you, where evil and light wrangle,on some daybreak, will awakento remember the reasonof this existence.Meanwhile, dear human,through the twists and turnsyou belong hereand through this wounded lifetime, teach others to heal...Tara Estacaan, 'Dear Human
Hannah More|Somewhat paradoxically, the more that Africans and their descendants assimilated cultural materials from colonial society, the less human they became in the minds of the colonists.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|Nothing happens on its own, you have to make things happen. If you really want to come out of your stressful situation than you need to take action. Unless you stand up for yourself and take action, the problem is not going to get away. Let fear of failure shouldn't stop you from taking action.-Subodh Gupta, author "Stress Management A holistic approach-5 Steps Plan".
Jeanne Marie Laskas, Growing Girls: The Mother of All Adventures|Brooding is more something I do when I'm working. I know so much more about sitting around worrying about a work project than I do about worrying about kids. This could just be a fact of life for older moms. We've worked and worked and worked and if we are lucky enough to finally have a child or two, we find ourselves suddenly catapulted into a most alien kind of chaos. Work is so much easier. Anyone will tell you that. To have a desk, where you have everything all lined up, and a schedule you more or less get to agree to. Work. I am a worker. This is so funny because I never really think of my work as work. I certainly never though of myself as having a career. Writing, work, this is just who I am. I am a person who sits at a desk and makes phone calls and taps at a computer keyboard and sips coffee and calls her mom at five. That I am anything better or smaller than that has come as sudden news to me. Brand new.News.
Nikhil Anubhav Minz|Try me, amd you will start LOVING!
Beth Groundwater, To Hell in a Handbasket|The newborn has only three demands. They are warmth in the arms of its mother, food from her breasts, and security in the knowledge of her presence. Breatfeeding satisfies all three.
Travis J. Dahnke, Write like no one is reading|Masters are not created by anyone, They are just GOD gifted to change the WORLD.
Apolo Ohno|Therefore I am sure that this, my Coronation, is not the symbol of a power and a splendor that are gone but a declaration of our hopes for the future, and for the years I may, by God's Grace and Mercy, be given to reign and serve you as your Queen.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|If the only prayer you say in your whole life is "Thank you " that would suffice.
Nas|The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality.
JohnA Passaro|New Rule: Americans must realize what makes NFL football so great: socialism. That's right, the NFL takes money from the rich teams and gives it to the poorer one...just like President Obama wants to do with his secret army of ACORN volunteers. Green Bay, Wisconsin, has a population of one hundred thousand. Yet this sleepy little town on the banks of the Fuck-if-I-know River has just as much of a chance of making it to the Super Bowl as the New York Jets--who next year need to just shut the hell up and play.Now, me personally, I haven't watched a Super Bowl since 2004, when Janet Jackson's nipple popped out during halftime. and that split-second glimpse of an unrestrained black titty burned by eyes and offended me as a Christian. But I get it--who doesn't love the spectacle of juiced-up millionaires giving one another brain damage on a giant flatscreen TV with a picture so real it feels like Ben Roethlisberger is in your living room, grabbing your s
Laura Aranda, Pushing Back the Darkness|It had been a long fifteen years. So much had changed in both their lives. Both hearts somehow sadly hardened. “Let us just make it through,” Claire whispered her desperate plea. It was her only prayer, one she said over and over again. An almost cynical laugh erupted out of her as she turned one last time to say goodbye to her father’s tombstone. That was her prayer? That was all she could come up with to say to God? Then so be it.
Tiffany Baker, The Gilly Salt Sisters|Please do not blame the story.The story cannot help itself. We do not realize it at the time, but sometimes the story we are all a part of is not just a story about Vikings and islands and dragons. It is a story about growing up.And one of the things about growing up, one of the inescapable, inevitable laws, is that one day...One day... one day... It is going to happen. I am sorry, but it's true.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The explosive development of technology was analogous to the grown of cancer cells, and the results would be identical: the exhaustion of all sources of nourishment, the destruction of organs, and the final death of the host body. He advocated abolishing crude technologies such as fossil fuels and nuclear energy and keeping gentler technologies such as solar power and small-scale hydroelectric power.
Diane Williams, Some Sexual Success Stories: Plus Other Stories in Which God Might Choose to Appear|In philosophy, metaphorical pluralism is the norm. Our most important abstract philosophical concepts, including time, causation, morality, and the mind, are all conceptualized by multiple metaphors, sometimes as many as two dozen. What each philosophical theory typically does is to choose one of those metaphors as "right," as the true literal meaning of the concept. One reason there is so much argumentation across philosophical theories is that different philosophers have chosen different metaphors as the "right" one, ignoring or taking as misleading all other commonplace metaphorical structurings of the concept. Philosophers have done this because they assume that a concept must have one and only one logic. But the cognitive reality is that our concepts have multiple metaphorical structurings.
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|8 Shortest stories, with beautiful meanings !(1) Those who had coins, enjoyed in the rain. Those who had notes, were busy looking for shelter.(2) Man and God both met somewhere. Both exclaimed, "My creator."(3) He asked, are you a Hindu or Muslim? The response came, "I am hungry"!(4) The fool didn't know it was impossible. So he did it.(5) "Wrong number," Said a familiar voice.(6) What if God asks you after you die, "So how was heaven?"(7) They told me that to make her fall in love I had to make her laugh. But every time she laughs, I am the one who falls in love."(8) We don't make friends anymore,..... We Add them nowadays.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Saying, “I don’t have time for CRM.” is like saying, “I don’t have time to look at my GPS app because I am too busy trying to figure out the best way to get from here to there.
Graham Greene, Monsignor Quixote|Perhaps we are all fictions, father, in the mind of God.
Oliver Pötzsch, The Hangman's Daughter|Life went on, despite all the dying.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|when I drive the freeways I see the soul of humanity ofmy city and it's ugly, ugly, ugly: the living have choked theheartaway.
Steve Martin|People feel the worst film I made was 'Jack.' But to this day, when I get checks from old movies I've made, 'Jack' is one of the biggest ones. No one knows that. If people hate the movie, they hate the movie. I just wanted to work with Robin Williams.
Eoin Colfer, The Last Guardian|I have always regarded as a stroke of good fortune that I was not born or brought up in a small American town; they may be the backbone of the nation, but they are also the backbone of ignorance, bigotry, and boredom, all in vast quantities.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is a flower bud in the garden of the mind, waiting to bloom in the morning sun.
Brian Keene, Dark Hollow|We're not going to make it," I said.The words caught in my throat, choking me. What was it Leslie had said to me when we were discussing Shannon's and Antoinetta's disappearance? 'You're beginning to sound like one of the characters in your books, Adam.' She'd been right. If this were a novel my heroes would have arrived just in the nick of time and saved the day. But real life didn't work like that. Real life had no happy endings. Despite our best efforts, despite my love for Tara [his wife] and my determination to protect her, and after everything we'd been through at the LeHorn house, fate conspired against us. We were still nine or ten miles from home, and night was almost upon us. By the time we got there it would already be too late. I fought back tears. I had the urge just to lie down in the middle of the road and let the next car run over me.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he will not be envious of others or condemn them because he knows his own value, uniqueness and peculiar contribution
Nikki Rowe|The moment you resist change, you resist existing past your current state of awareness.
James Morcan, The Ninth Orphan|Democrats and Republicans were essentially the same party with different faces and that was why, no matter how many promises each leader made, significant change rarely transpired.
Kourtney Kardashian|In terms of pace, I think I just have to revisit my relationship with expectations. That has a little bit to do with comparing ourselves to other people and seeing other people's journey and seeing how they had a certain success at a certain age.
Maria Callas|Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|We shouldn’t do this,” he said again as he looked up into her eyes. “But, God, I want to. I just …” He closed his eyes, exhaled hard. “Pheeb. I’m a bad bet. There’s no future here. I know this feels big, this thing between us, right now it feels huge—and shh, don’t make a dick joke, I’m serious. But it’s not going to feel as big or special tomorrow, or, shit, even later tonight. I mean, yeah, I can make you feel good. I know it. And God knows you can make me … Jesus, you’re so beautiful, I just —”She stopped him there, again, with a kiss, and just like that, it was as if something snapped.
Jay Maisel|They were both smiling so hard, it was surprising the frame could contain the happiness of that moment, surprising that it didn't shatter into a million pieces, floating all over the funeral home like dust.
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie var här|Normal life is presentable. In normal life, you clean up the kitchen and keep your balcony tidy and take care of your children. It's hard work--harder than one might think.
Linda B. Nilson, Creating Self-Regulated Learners: Strategies to Strengthen Students' self-Awareness and Learning Skills|Study skills really aren't the point. Learning is about one's relationship with oneself and one's ability to exert the effort, self-control, and critical self-assessment necessary to achieve the best possible results--and about overcoming risk aversion, failure, distractions, and sheer laziness in pursuit of REAL achievement. This is self-regulated learning.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|One of the best things about gratitude is that it serves both you and the one to whom you are giving thanks. When you share your feelings of being blessed and grateful, not only do you vibrate at higher level, but your expression contributes to an increase in the energy of those around you, and especially serves the individual to whom you have expressed your thanks. The result is that you raise the level of universal well-being by choosing to focus with gratitude on your blessings.
Henry Rollins|Delicate in every way but oneGod knows we like archaic kinds of funChance is the only game I play with, babyWe let our battles choose us.
Robin Leach|Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.
Bernard M. Baruch|Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Darrell Calkins|We don’t know how to feel with conscience. Ideas like integrity or devotion remain abstract, theoretically correct and good, but lacking the ability to produce immediately fulfilling emotions or sensations. What I mean by learning to think emotionally and physiologically is rediscovering the visceral joy of investing in what we already love, the kind of unquestioned spiritual relentlessness we had as kids. As adults, that demands an internal dialogue through which we transpose the search for pleasure onto a platform that is in harmony with our conscience and real responsibilities. We find the pleasure in applied conscience. That’s a lot easier than it sounds. Basically, it’s about recognizing and feeling passion for what we really want to do in our lives.
Dolly Parton|I'm so sorry," he whispered to her, knowing she couldn't hear. I'm so sorry." Her mouth moved, working to speak, and he leaned in to make out what she was trying to say. "Me ... too," she whispered. "I only ever ... cared for...
David Eddings, The Treasured One|I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it is the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills.
Charles Kingsley|Except a living man there is nothing more wonderful than a book! A message from the dead - from human souls we never saw, who lived, perhaps, thousands of miles away. And yet these, in those little sheets of paper, speak to us, arouse us, terrify us, comfort us, open their hearts to us as brothers.
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|That's because we have it so good", I told her, trying on his deep voice. We impersonated him all the way home, laughing and blowing bubbles, both of us knowing that he was right. We did have it so good.
John Bunyan, Christiana's Journey Or The Pilgrim's Progress, The Second Part|Now may this little Book a blessing beTo those that love this little Book, and me:And may its Buyer have no cause to say,His money is but lost, or thrown away.
Charles F. Glassman|The goals of true education are to teach acceptance, tolerance, and nonviolence.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Think of a new day and think of a new purpose. Think of a new reason out of the reasons of yesterday. Think of the distinctive step that is worth taking to continue the footprints of yesterday. Each day comes with its own ideas. Each day comes with its own troubles. Each day comes with its own possibles and impossibles. What makes each day good or bad is not just our thoughts but, the steps we take which is influenced by our thoughts to obtain what is good or bad. Think of a new day; think of a distinctive footprint
Joyce Meyer|When doubt comes against us, we have to lift up the shield of faith. We do this when we open our mouth and say what God's Word says, rather than grumbling and complaining about the problem.
Douglas A. Blackmon, Slavery by Another Name: The Re-Enslavement of Black Americans from the Civil War to World War II|Antislavery idealists might prefer to live in some better world, which like all such places was too good to be true. The American nation in 1790, however, was a real world, laden with legacies like slavery, and therefore too true to be good.
Charles R. Swindoll|Now I say that a heart that has no grace, and is not instructed in this mystery of contentment, knows of no way to get contentment, but to have his possessions raised up to his desires; but the Christian has another way to contentment, that is, he can bring his desires down to his possessions, and so he attains his contentment....The world is infinitely deceived in thinking that contentment lies in having more than we already have. Here lies the bottom and root of all contentment, when there is an evenness and proportion between our hearts and our circumstances. That is why many godly men who are in low position live more sweet and comfortable lives than those who are richer.
Mary J. Blige|My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure.
P.D. James, Time To Be In Earnest: A Fragment Of Autobiography|The womb of the world births us. My filth comes from the same earthwork that gives rise to all stories. My interior light connects me with all the other creatures that inhabit this world of rocks, air, grass, woods, and water. My genetic code links me inextricably with all of nature. I enter the medley in the river of life with the ability to respond as life unfolds before my childlike eyes. My homemade medicinal poultice might not be of any benefit to other people. Nonetheless, we should each write our stories because each of us aims to attain a greater degree of awareness of our own authenticity. We owe a moral obligation to our family, friends, and ourselves as well as to the community to make a determined effort to wring the most out of life. We must applaud all efforts to investigate the human condition. Even if my writing amounts to nothing more than a clumsy attempt to travel the same tracks other people burnished with much more insight, clarity, precision, and style, it is an act of self-definition to ascribe to any philosophy. Philosophy represents a living charter; it is a life of action.
Francis Bacon|We see then how far the monuments of wit and learning are more durable than the monuments of power, or of the hands. For have not some books continued twenty-five hundred years or more, without the loss of a syllable or letter; during which time infinite palaces, temples, castles, and cities have been decayed and demolished?
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|He stood frozen, staring at me as if he didn’t know how to do anything else. I couldn’t focus; it was like all the world’s blue had originated from his eyes. It was all there, the color of midnight, the sky, the ocean, and blue raspberry lollipops. Why had I spent so much time pretending they weren’t remarkable?
T. L. Stone|I look at him and my body reacts in a way that it never has before, even in the throes of passion. I look at him and I start aching so deep inside it takes all I can to think, to breathe, to speak. He’s like the brightest flame and it takes everything in me to resist its call.I know that if I give in, I’ll get burned so deeply, there might be nothing left once I come out the other side.But, god, I want to step into that flame.
Debasish Mridha|I am happy in every moment and every day. My happiness depends on me, not on the way.
Carlos Santana|If we can find forgiveness in our hearts for those who have caused us hurt and injury, we will rise to a higher level of self-esteem and well-being.
Samantha Young, Hero|Lexie,” he said, his voice guttural, “I told you this to wake you up. A man like me isn’t capable of being your fucking white knight.” His fingers peeled my hand from his neck and he gently pressed me away.I felt the anger boil up inside me. “I’m not looking for a hero!”He flinched at the emotion cracking my words.“I never asked for that.” I shook, my hands curling into fists at my side. “I just wanted you, because despite what you might think, I see you. And no, you’re no fucking white knight, but you’re what I want.
Tony Dorsett|Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Glenn Greenwald|When you consider time and change, you realize that a people does not originate when individuals merge into a bigger thing. Instead, a people arises when many actions and movements combine into novel patterns of change. For a people is always in the making or unmaking.
Marty Rubin|We usually fail at the things most important to us, precisely because they are so important to us.
Louise Glück|Without thinking, I knelt in the grass, like someone meaning to pray. When I tried to stand again, I couldn't move,my legs were utterly rigid. Does grief change you like that?Through the birches, I could see the pond.The sun was cutting small white holes in the water.I got up finally; I walked down to the pond. I stood there, brushing the grass from my skirt, watching myself,like a girl after her first loverturning slowly at the bathroom mirror, naked, looking for a sign.But nakedness in women is always a pose.I was not transfigured. I would never be free. 
Jonathan Safran Foer|'Kramer vs. Kramer' is one of my favorite films, where you have a story that really juxtaposes a lot of ideas that we have about family and about parenting.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Our mouths and bodies speak for us in a new language as the trees shake loose a rain of petals that stick to our slickness like skins we will wear forever. And just like that, I am changed.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|We do children an enormous disservice when we assume that they cannot appreciate anything beyond drive through fare and nutritionally marginal, kid-targeted convenience foods. Our children are capable of consuming something that grew in a garden or on a tree and never saw a deep fryer. They are capable of making it through diner at a sit-down restaurant with tablecloths and no climbing equipment. Children deserve quality nourishment.
C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe|Trees are obviously a lot less mobile than, say, trogons—tropical birds common in Manú—or even ticks. But in a cloud forest, trees structure the ecosystem, much as corals structure a reef. Certain types of insects depend on certain types of trees, and certain sorts if birds depend on those insects, and so on up the food chain. The reverse is also true: animals are critical to the survival of the forest. They are the pollinators and seed dispersers, and the birds prevent the insects from taking over. At the very least . . . global warming will restructure ecological communities. Different groups if trees will respond differently to warming, and so contemporary associations will break down. New ones will form. In this planet-wide restructuring, some species will thrive. . . . Others will fall behind and eventually drop out.
William Arthur Ward|Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
Holly Rutan, Silver Bound|I often stood and stared into those tunnels and thought about what happened there; how I was separated from it only by time." - The Procession
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Long before something happens in our life, it happened in our heart.
Oliver Jeffers, The Heart and the Bottle|In truth, nothing was the same. She forgot about the stars… and taking notice of the sea. She was no longer filled with all the curiosities of the world and didn’t take much notice of anything… other than how heavy… and awkward the bottle had become.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|What mancan you show me who places any value on his time, who reckons the worth of each day, who understands that he isdying daily? For we are mistaken when we look forward to death; the major portion of death has already passed,Whatever years be behind us are in death's hands.
Theodore Roszak|Nothing we ever imagined is beyond our powers, only beyond our present self-knowledge.
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|God has and always will remain faithful to His word. Even when my doubts and fears threaten to drown me as I thrash blindly against my Rescuer, He carries me to the other side. When fiery circumstances take my breath away, He hides me in the shelter of His wings.
John Ruskin, The Nature Of Gothic|The Widdern — the non-magical world, where science rules and many people believe that magic only exists in books. They’re wrong.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Ritual and ceremony are powerful bonding tools. They result in a sense of community, a feeling of unity far beyond what you might expect.
Peter Sloterdijk, Je moet je leven veranderen|Wood burns. Roots nourish. Branches shelter. Leaves heal.” The words had become her mantra, her way of reigniting her courage when it started to falter. My life depends on a tree, she thought wryly as she cinched her pack.
Alice Hoffman|I do not know if he had a name, but I called him North, an appellation I think Beck would have approved of, for it was the name the Dutch called the Hudson River when they first came here, when men set to changing the world in their image, and gave all the wild things their own names.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You’re beautiful, Evie,” came his soft comment. Having been raised by relations who had always lamented the garish color of her hair and the proliferation of freckles, Evie gave him a skeptical smile. “Aunt Florence has always given me a bleaching lotion to make my freckles vanish. But there’s no getting rid of them.” Sebastian smiled lazily as he came to her. Taking her shoulders in his hands, he slid an appraising glance along her half-clad body. “Don’t remove a single freckle, sweet. I found some in the most enchanting places. I already have my favorites… shall I tell you where they are?” Disarmed and discomfited, Evie shook her head and made a movement to twist away from him. He wouldn’t let her, however. Pulling her closer, he bent his golden head and kissed the side of her neck. “Little spoilsport,” he whispered, smiling. “I’m going to tell you anyway.” His fingers closed around a handful of the chemise and eased the hem slowly upward. Her breath caught as she felt his fingers nuzzling tenderly between her bare legs. “As I discovered earlier,” he said against her sensitive throat, “there’s a trail inside your right thigh that leads to—” A knock at the door interrupted them, and Sebastian lifted his head with a grumble of annoyance. “Breakfast,” he muttered. “And I wouldn’t care to make you choose between my lovemaking or a hot meal, as the answer would likely be unflattering.
Ann Radcliffe, A Sicilian Romance|It is no consolation to reflect that every cause itself is an effect, making the search for causes and reasons a fool’s errand.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|For the first time in a long time, I want more than I have.
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|Twilight of the idols, it cursed from the worship of the extinguished candles.
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|you mean machines are like humans?"I shook my head. "No, not like humans. With machines the feeling is, well, more finite. It doesn't go any further. With humans it's different. The feeling is always changing. Like if you love somebody, the love is always shifting or wavering. It's always questioning or inflating or disappearing or denying or hurting. And the thing is, you can't do anything about it, you can't control it. With my Subaru, it's not so complicated.
William Pitt the Younger|Oh, as Dean says, nobody is free - never, except just for a few brief moments now and then, when the flash comes, or when as on my haystack night, the soul slips over into eternity for a little space. All the rest of our years we are slaves to something - traditions - conventions - ambitions - relations.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|People don't want to think. And the deeper they get into trouble, the less they want to think. But by some sort of instinct, they feel that they ought to and it makes them feel guilty. So they'll bless and follow anyone who gives them a justification for not thinking. Anyone who makes a virtue - a highly intellectual virtue - out of what they know to be their sin, their weakness and their guilt... They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear
Hasan Minhaj|You can't forgive without loving. And I don't mean sentimentality. I don't mean mush. I mean having enough courage to stand up and say, 'I forgive. I'm finished with it.'
Tamora Pierce, Wild Magic|I'm sorry, I didn't mean--""To speak of it?" asked the K'mir. Diane nodded. "You have to, just to bleed off the poison from the memory.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Utterly, irrevocably, lost
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Sometimes a woman's love of being loved gets the better of her conscience, and though she is agonized at the thought of treating a man cruelly, she encourages him to love her while she doesn't love him at all. Then, when she sees him suffering, her remorse sets in, and she does what she can to repair the wrong.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|There are some people about whom it is difficult to say anything which would describe them immediately and fully in their most typical and characteristic aspects; these are the people who are usually called "ordinary" and accounted as "the majority," and who actually do make up the great majority of society. In their novels and stories writers most often try to choose and present vividly and artistically social types which are extremely seldom encountered in real life, and which are nevertheless more real than real life itself. Podkolyosin, viewed as a type, in perhaps exaggerated, but he is hardly unknown. How many clever people having learned from Gogol about Podkolyosin at once discover that great numbers of their friends bear a terrific resemblance to Podkolyosin. They knew before Gogol that their friends were like Podkolyosin, except they did not know yet that that was their name...Nevertheless the question remains before us: what is the novelist to do with the absolutely "ordinary" people, and how can he present them to readers so that they are at all interesting? To leave them out of a story completely is not possible, because ordinary people are at every moment, by and large, the necessary links in the chain of human affairs; leaving them out, therefore, means to destroy credibility. To fill a novel entirely with types or, simply for the sake of interest, strange and unheard-of people, would be improbable and most likely not even interesting. In our opinion the writer must try to find interesting and informative touches even among commonplace people. When, for example, the very nature of certain ordinary persons consists precisely of their perpetual and unvarying ordinariness, or, better still, when in spite of their most strenuous efforts to life themselves out of the rut of ordinariness and routine, then such persons acquire a certain character of their own-the typical character of mediocrity which refuses to remain what it is and desires at all costs to become original and independent, without having the slightest capacity for independence.
Carla Kelly, Reforming Lord Ragsdale|Religion is tied to the deepest feelings people have. The love that arises from that stewing pot is the sweetest and strongest, but the hate is the hottest, and the anger is the most violent.
Marianne Williamson, Tears to Triumph: The Spiritual Journey from Suffering to Enlightenment|Spirituality reflects the most sophisticated mindset and the most power force available for the transformation of human suffering – whether some is taking medication or not. That is why learning the basics of a spiritual worldview – and the mental, emotional, and behavioral principals that this entails – is key to reclaiming our inner peace.
Renata Adler, Pitch Dark|The heart breaks, but carries on. It can shoulder the most impossible burdens.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
James Thurber, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty|Live life by the abc's...adventure, bravery and creativity.
Debasish Mridha|A great teacher not only teaches, they cultivate green fields to grow beautiful flowers to spread the fragrance of peace, happiness, and prosperity.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|Eena worried to Ian in her thoughts. (You’re not going to let him walk away thinking what I think he’s thinking, are you?)(You won't change his mind. The evidence is a little suggestive. You should have just stayed behin
Marcus Aurelius|Liza, I love you more than any words can say. You have made me a complete person. You are everything to me. And I cannot think of living life without you. And I love you forever.
Wallace Stevens, Opus Posthumous: Poems, Plays, Prose|The final belief is to believe in a fiction, which you know to be a fiction, there being nothing else. The exquisite truth is to know that it is a fiction and that you believe in it willingly.
Osho, Intimacy: Trusting Oneself and the Other|Just as trees need roots in the earth, man is also a tree and needs roots in existence or else he will live a very unintelligent life.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Children content with parents who are physically close, tantalizingly so, but mentally elsewhere.
MK PRINCE|don't even leap to actions and decisions before you've found that sense of natural calm, well-being, or enthusiasm.
William C. Bryant|Life has loveliness to sell, all beautiful and splendid things, blue waves whitened on a cliff, soaring fire that sways and sings, and children's faces looking up, holding wonder like a cup.
Marc Rich|We don't have a good legal justification for breaking up the banking system. But if I could wave a magic wand, I'd break up the banking system.
Sunday Adelaja|Lady, you have the wrong number. Our cat isn't even in the hospital. He doesn't want pajamas.
Sandra Sealy|Discovering Distilled Creativity"Amazing how sitting down to listen with no distractions - no tv, no devices, no radio - can enhance your life; the sigh of the wind the only ambient noise. Then, in that still moment, your distilled creativity comes because you feel so connected to the Universe.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Dare to be vulnerable, walk outside without your armor on and say YES to your heart.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 7: The Innocents|You're the only person who means anything to me in the whole world, you're all I've got...""Well then you've got nothin.
Calista Smith, Breaking Down|That was your delusion, not my reality.
Lyle Lovett|I had one of the most outdoorsy childhoods you could imagine. I basically lived in the woods until I was 13. My dad and I built a huge treehouse in our backyard in Chesterfield, about 30 feet in the air. And we'd vacation on an island in Michigan, where I hunted a deer that we ate.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|The Man in the Moon is in fact a record of ancient catastrophes--most of which took place before humans, before mammals, and probably even before life arose on Earth. It is a characteristic conceit of our species to put a human face on random cosmic violence.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|I would give something to know for precisely whom the deeds were really done, of which it is publicly stated they were done 'for the Fatherland'.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|DYER. No, I am not of your Mind, for the Dialogue was fitted up with too much Facility. Words must be pluckt from Obscurity and nourished with Care, improved with Art and corrected with Application. Labour and Time are the Instruments in the perfection of all Work.
Trevor Cole, Hope Makes Love|Most injuries heal in time, but guilt is a cancer that knows where to hide.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|Perfection, my dear being,is what you are.Let not your mindobscure your view.Be still and be aware,right where you are,you cannot miss it.
Supervert, Necrophilia Variations|This generation must spend less time waiting for manna from heaven, but spend more time in the fields building and producing
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|Perhaps a past of bingeing, restricting, or purging comes back to haunt you from time to time. Maybe you have to fight hard battles against vanity, gluttony, and shame. But with God’s saving power, every new day is a gift, an opportunity to detach yourself from tormenting thoughts about food or how you look and to attach yourself to God. Remember, we all hunger for God, more than we hunger for a big bowl of ice cream or a perfect physique.
Agatha Christie, Peril at End House|It is a ridiculous thing for a man not to fly from his own badness, which is indeed possible, but to fly from other men's badness, which is impossible.
Brian J. Walsh, Colossians Remixed: Subverting the Empire|All of us somehow felt that the next battleground was going to be culture. We all felt somehow that our culture had been stolen from us – by commercial forces, by advertising agencies, by TV broadcasters. It felt like we were no longer singing our songs and telling stories, and generating our culture from the bottom up, but now we were somehow being spoon-fed this commercial culture top down.
Robert Greene, The 50th Law|Reaching your potential is not simply about dreaming or being idealistic, It is a process that involve specific actions, exercises, discipline and hard work. It is challenging, rewarding and unending.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It's a good sign but rare instance when, in a relationship, you find that the more you learn about the other person, the more you continue to desire them. A sturdy bond delights in that degree of youthful intrigue. Love loves its youth.
Judd Trichter, Love in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction|I personally believe that gender equality underlines every other equality, and certainly the issue of sexuality. For instance, if we didn’t distinguish between gender, in terms of giving different genders disparate values and attributes, what problem would we have with two men loving each other?
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|So don't be too fast to attribute yourself with miraculous sexual powers, The Christ of Love. Emma and I created you out of nothing, or very little, and in all fairness, You owe us everything. While you flounder in your daily life we have built you up as a truly powerful icon of erotic integrity.
Fran Elizabeth Grubb|In answer to 'But violence hasn't solved anything!'The hell it hasn't. The application of violence - of killing and a willingness to be killed - on a massive scale is responsible for a lot of solutions. The most recent mass application of violence liberated Kuwait. The most recent mass application of violence on a global scale alone cleansed the world of the Third Reich. Nonviolence and passive resistance did less than nothing to stop Hitler and his henchmen. The Atlantic slave trade wasn't stopped by 'dialogue' or 'passive resistance' or conferences, but by the opened gunports of the Royal Navy; Dachau and Chang-I weren't liberated with pamphlets.
Sherry Yard|For my birthday my husband learned to cook and is cooking one day a week for me. But he only likes to do fancy dishes. So we end up with weird, obscure things in the refrigerator.
Judy Smith|Often, joking for me is a way of diffusing the awkwardness of a situation, so it's kind of exhilarating to be a part of projects where there's nothing funny or lighthearted.
Jellis Vaes|I honestly think that depression, unhappiness or the feeling of emptiness is more a lack of amazement about life than anything else.
Jeremy Scahill, The Assassination Complex: Inside the Government's Secret Drone Warfare Program|It is vital to acknowledge the new reality before taking any steps to change the existing policies. The world is not the same anymore. Tackling religion-based terrorism is perhaps one, if not the most serious threat the world face in the 21st century. Unfortunately, more terror attacks like the ones in San Bernardino, Brussels and Paris are expected to occur. While those attacks were a reminder of the challenges that lay ahead, they exposed the need to have an improved early warning system that may ultimately save civilian lives. Such a system should take into account the shortcomings of the current warning frameworks and evaluate the usefulness of warnings generated by improved models that would cover a broad range of attacks, larger geographic areas within the country in question and a wide range of potential attack scenarios. The system is likely to facilitate well informed decisions on the assessment of information gathered from different sources. In this vein, finding a balance between protecting human rights and ensuring national security is key.
Theresa Pecku-Laryea, Hannah's Song|…her mom's faith wasn't just about God healing her, it was about God's sovereignty in her life. She had faith that God is, and will always be, who He says He is in His Word.
Camille Paglia|The failure to readily identify the battle between good and evil is a nagging, ongoing, dangerous pattern that shows no sign of easing up any time soon.
Akshay Vasu|Bet I know something else you don't. There's dew on the grass in the morning.'He suddenly couldn't remember if he had known this or not, and it made him quite irritable. 'And if you look'—she nodded at the sky—'there's a man on the moon.'He hadn't looked for a long time.
Daniel Keidl, Armageddon: Pick Your Plot|The visage of Lucifer mushroomed into hideousness above the cloudbank, rising slowly like some titan climbing to its feet after ages of imprisonment in the Earth.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Angelica, the Supernatural Sleuth: Her Erotic Adventures in the Haunted House on the Hill|Perhaps, he thought, his Master would only amuse himself with the little pain slut for a little while and then give her back to his faithful servant as an eternal plaything. The ghost chuckled at the thought of what he would do to that little slut if he had all of eternity as he faded away into the undulating mirror and left sweet Angelica to her fate.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|Tobak Davenport, who is a cross between some Sugar Puffs and Lynn Faulds-Wood, was squatting there before being removed by the local constabulary after he went round to complain about Luther Blisset’s pet turkey fouling the communal herb garden.
Ann Brashares, Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood|When you remembered to forget, you were remembering. It was when you forgot to forget that you forgot. 
Dave Barry|IF A THING IS WORTH HAVING, ITS WORTH CHEATING FOR.
Lani Aames, Ellora's Cavemen: Tales from the Temple I|I think I’m coming up on the ess curve, so I’m going to hang up and concentrate on driving. In the snow. Which wasn’t supposed to happen until tomorrow afternoon.Gee, Kels, I didn’t know you believed in the weatherman. Do you still believe in Santa and the Tooth Fairy, too? How about the Easter Bunny?All right. Point taken.
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|Other animals, in a constant and mostly unmediated relation with their sensory surroundings, think with the whole of their bodies.
Pope John XXIII|... just as food is necessary to the life of the body, so good reading is necessary to the life of the soul.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Show a man too many camels' bones,or show them to him too often,and he will not be able to recognize a camel when he comes across a live one.
|Isn't it strange that most of the people who find it very difficult to forgive others, are usually the same ones who expect others to forgive them for their wrongdoings?
Randi Weingarten|Human knowledge is never contained in one person. It grows from the relationships we create between each other and the world, and still, it is never complete.
Sasha Banks|My impression is that most women public service workers have a long fuse. Precisely because they care so deeply about services, more than anyone, they still want to find a sensible and fair negotiated agreement. But their patience has run out.
Robert J. Braathe|If you need inspiration, look into the eyes of people as you walk by them. They are looking for a hero; that person may be you.
Tibor Kalman|Our culture places a very high premium on self-expression, but is relatively disinterested in producing "selves" that are worth expressing.
Karen Kingston, Clear Your Clutter with Feng Shui|I don't consider those competitions fair where judges get to decide the winner, because selected judges quite often are not worthy or qualified enough to make the right decision.
Arthur Schopenhauer|A consistent soul believes in destiny, a capricious one in chance.
Eddie Campbell|I think in the corridors of power these dangerous kinds of orders are issued in a much more vague way, passed down two or three levels of command before they're given to the assassin.
Joseph Heller|Most of human history had been industry versus nature, with industry winning.
Ronna McDaniel|It is high time to compel man by the might of right to give woman her political, legal and social rights. She will find her own sphere in accordance with her capacities, powers and tastes; and yet she will be woman still.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I wish I could draw you how I see you. I'd draw a boy with the most magnetic smile, and the kindest hands, and eyes that are gloomy, but can sometimes be bright. I'd draw a boy who deserves to see the ocean.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My heart gladdens, knowing someone think of at Christmas.
Sayed Kashua|I rememeber one time we were getting ready to go to South America and everything was packed up and in the car ready to go and I hid and I was crying because I really did not want to go, I wanted to play. I did not want to go.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|Worship is an inward reverence, the bowing down of the soul in the presence of God.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|The boundaries we erect to divide heaven from earth, mind from matter, real from unreal are mere conveniences. Having made the boundaries, we can unmake them just as easily.
Shilpa Menon|May the radiance of what you love, manifest in whatever you do.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Our clients' faces, with the customary outward paleness and inner glow of the book lover.
Dharma Publishing, Ways of Enlightenment|In building a path through the self to the far shore of awareness, we have to carefully pick our way through our own wilderness. If we can put our minds into a place of surrender, we will have an easier time feeling the contours of the land. We do not have to break our way through as much as we have to find our way around the major obstacles. We do not have to cure every neurosis, we just have to learn how not to be caught by them.
C. JoyBell C.|Wanna know the fastest way to unhappiness? Spend your time judging other people's reasons for happiness! That way, you'll quickly lose your own! The next time you look back at yourself (when you've taken a break from judging others) you'll think "Oh! Where did MY happiness go?" because you were too busy thinking that gay people shouldn't be happy... or, you know, something like that.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|We have a special name, here, for a certain kind of failure to defer to the greater good—for putting a personal sense of doing right above any objective measure of the outcome. It’s called ‘moral vanity’.
Adam Grant|Some people never learn, no matter how much their heads hurt in the morning.
Debasish Mridha|To be as pure and perfect as a flower, you must think and dream like a flower.
Flannery O'Connor|Everywhere I go, I am asked if I think university stifles writers. My opinion is that it doesn't stifle enough of them.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Fundamentals of Level 5 Leadership and Servant Leadership|Believe in the reader and they can connect the dots, if you succeed breathe life into the story
Albert Brooks|My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|WHY did she do this? She was a terrible drunk texter. All the things she wanted to say to people during the day came out at night, like a vampire.
Eminem|Don't you wish we all lived in black light.... for one thing, it would mean an end to toothpaste as we know it
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I choose to walkwith gratitude, not envy; with faith, not worry; with confidence, not fear; with kindness, not anger.
Joseph McCabe, The Sources of the Morality of the Gospels|The sentiments attributed to Christ are in the Old Testament. They were familiar in the Jewish schools and to all the Pharisees, long before the time of Christ, as they were familiar in all the civilizations of the earth — Egyptian, Babylonian, and Persian, Greek, and Hindu.
Nathaniel Kahn|There are a lot of bad films out there. There's a lot of bad architecture out there, and I think sometimes it takes a lot of time to begin to see what's really good. And I think what the test seems to be is, what really sticks with you. And what really becomes a part of your life.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|The sound of an English accent distracted her and lifted her spirits. She associated English accents with singing teapots, schools for witchcraft, and the science of deduction. This wasn't, she knew, terribly sophisticated of her, but she had no real guilt about it. She felt the English were themselves to blame for her feelings. They had spent a century relentlessly marketing their detectives and wizards and nannies, and they had to live with the results.
Tina Gabrielle, At the Spy's Pleasure|There were times when he felt as if he were being literally torn in two. Times when he raged at the injustice of what was happening to him, times when he was overwhelmed with guilt. There was no right and wrong anymore, which had been one of clear-cut lines for so long, was now so blurred that he was careening around like a compass struggling to find true north.
jason09|Speak up, Stand up, Take risks and Savor.
Jef Mallett|Writing well means never having to say, "I guess you had to be there.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Things of this world are in so constant a flux, that nothing remains long in the same state.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|In serving the poor,one serves humanity.In serving mankind,one serves equity.In serving goodness,one serves God.In serving the Creator,one serves himself.
Paul Murray, The Mark and the Void|Lastly, Spurgeon reminds us that piety and devotion to Christ are not preferable alternatives to controversy, but rather that they should - when circumstances demand it - lead to the latter. He was careful to maintain that order. The minister who makes controversy his starting point will soon have a blighted ministry and spirituality will wither away. But controversy which is entered into out of love for God and reverence for His Name, will wrap a man's spirit in peace and joy even when he is fighting in the thickest of battle. The piety which Spurgeon admired was not that of a cloistered pacifism but the spirit of men like William Tyndale and Samuel Rutherford who, while contending for Christ, could rise heavenwards, jeopardizing 'their lives unto the death in the high places of the field'. At the height of his controversies Spurgeon preached some of the most fragrant of all his sermons.
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|The Bible informs, reforms and transforms. Other books merely informs
Colleen Hoover|As an author, I want to write what I’m inspired to write. Not what my readers want me to write. I feel like the books will ultimately be better if my heart is fully into what I’m writing.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|I like music,' she said slowly, 'because when I hear it, I...I lose myself within myself if that makes any sense. I become empty and full all at once.
Ansel Adams|He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.
Dalai Lama XIV|You must not hate those who do wrong or harmful things; but with compassion, you must do what you can to stop them — for they are harming themselves, as well as those who suffer from their actions.
Ai Yazawa, Paradise Kiss, Vol. 4|Even if you fall on the runway, I wouldn't blame you. It would mean that we made a mistake in choosing you.
Anne Bishop, Murder of Crows|We were lovers,' he says dramatically. 'I was very convincing.' Livia giggles and reaches up to stroke his hair. Hank pretends not to notice Livia's hand as it crawls across his cheek, and it turns into a game. Her fingers pet his lips as he mumbles through them, 'What part do you want?
Winston Churchill|Patriotism is often the cry extolled when morally questionable acts are advocated by those in power. When these cries of patriotism drown out any logically based dissension, it is usually the American soldier that is given the order to carry out some ill-conceived mission.
Harry Styles|Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
Joan Bauer, Hope Was Here|When you listen to G. T. Stoop, you understand the importance of being a honorable person, you get charged to fight for the truth, you get angry that so many politicians are playing games with people's trust.
Kino no Tabi|The world is not beautiful: And that, in a way, lends it a sort of beauty.
Sunday Adelaja|The church and all Christians need to pray, but without playing an active part, it is impossible to impact the country
Sunday Adelaja|Most people can’t seem to see the relationship between truth, honesty and national development.
Robert S. Cosmar|Life is a feeling, not a thought. Thoughts come after life and feeling. Thoughts are outside life, but necessary for balance within our being.We exist in two worlds at the same time, but we are one presence in eternity. The mind distorts our true identity and our view of reality. Think of it like a dog relentlessly chasing its tail. By running in circles, we will never catch it – it’s right where it should be and always has been. We have only to accept that we have one.Someone told us to chase it, but we did not have to.
Thomas Merton|For Thousands To Come To Christ, We Must Employ Kingdom Principles
Bernard Cornwell, The Archer's Tale|Love isn't a stock option, it's a donation. Like blood, you don't ask for it back. Just love. That is the return, knowing that you loved.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|It doth not hurt", whispered a faint voice, "She will take you life and all you are and all you care'st for, and she will leave you with nothing but mist and fog. She'll take your joy. And one day you'll wake and your heart and soul will have gone. A husk you'll be, a wisp you'll be, and a thing no more than a dream on waking, or a memory of something forgotten.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|One by one, the thoughts and memories of sadness raised their hands, stood up to identify themselves. I looked at each thought, at each unit of sorrow, and I acknowledged its existence and felt (without trying to protect myself from it) its horrible pain. And then I would tell that sorrow, "It's OK. I love you. I accept you. Come into my heart now. It's over."...
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|When you are alone in the wilderness, opinions or beliefs of any kind are dropped as the absurd accoutrements they are. But after being in the wilderness for a while, you may come around to feeling sociable. Maybe you could try living in a community of “like-minded” social deviants. However, they had better be so alike that they are clones of one another or the day will come when someone steps over the line and factions begin to teem. Our brains will always discriminate—that is their nature. They fix on superficial differences we spy in one another, redundantly speaking, since all differences among us are superficial.
Nancy J. Holland, Multiple Sclerosis: A Self Care Guide to Wellness|I suppose it is that sickness and weakness are selfish things and turn our inner eyes and sympathy on ourselves, whilst health and strength give love rein, and in thought and feeling he can wander where he wills.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Success will come just as a mere wish when cars begin to manufacture and drive themselves. Believe it or not, "nothing comes out if nothing goes in”!
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|I saw only the reality of his destiny, which he had knownhow to follow with unfaltering footsteps, that life begun in humblesurroundings, rich in generous enthusiasms, in friendship, love, war--inall the exalted elements of romance.
Virginia Aird, Captive Angel|She had always swum alone. She had never swum in the company of a man, and this man -- She dragged her eyes away again...."Go in. I will follow you but don't look."Jack laughed. "I never make promises I can't keep," he said.
Douglas Haig|Who do you call a civilian in a guerilla war? I mean, it might be a farmer by day or a merchant, a housewife, and by night the housewife may be helping to make landmines and booby traps and who knows.
Natalie Cole|Why I got into music was James Taylor, so to see him be a real down-to-earth guy that's unbelievably talented... then to hear him sing those lyrics of 'What I'm Thankful For,' which is a song Ms. Yearwood and I got to write together, that was definitely a highlight of my recording life.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|To think is an act of choice. The key to what you so recklessly call ‘human nature,’ the open secret you live with, yet dread to name, is the fact that man is a being of volitional consciousness. Reason does not work automatically; thinking is not a mechanical process; the connections of logic are not made by instinct.
Amna.s|I know you weren’t born to make people happy, but if you did one day someone else will make you happy too.
Molly O'Keefe|I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.
Sandra M. Michelle, Move Your Mountains!: Strategies to Turn Adversity Into Victory|Out of the void and vastness of the cosmos, life emerges; audacious, improbable. You and I are here. No other miracle is needed.
Sarah Bakewell, How to Live: A Life of Montaigne in One Question and Twenty Attempts at An Answer|He blushed to see other Frenchmen overcome with joy whenever they met a compatriot abroad. The would fall on each other, cluster in a raucous group, and pass whole evenings complaining about the barbarity of the locals. These were the few who actually noticed that locals did things differently. Others managed to travel so ‘covered and wrapped in a taciturn and incommunicative prudence, defending themselves from the contagion of an unknown atmosphere’ that they noticed nothing at all.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Sometimes grace is having the strength to persevere through the storm.Sometimes it's having the guts to rebuild, to take a chance, to follow your nose and your heart rather than your head.Sometimes grace is finding out that your preconceived notions are dead wrong. Sometimes it's being surprised by joy. Sometimes grace is something you can feel even if you can't see it. And sometimes it's a bowl of watermelon gazpacho when you were expecting Taco Bell.
Maya Angelou|The“b” word and the “n” word are like poison, whether you take poison from a vial or pour it into Bavarian crystal, it is still poison.
Philippa Gregory, The Lady of the Rivers|Everyone is a criminal! We are beset on all sides by antirevolutionary forces. Naturally, then, humans fall into three categories: the criminal, the not-yet-criminal, and the not-yet-caught.
Asa Don Brown|Loss has no friend, no allies, no benefit to the human spirit.
JB Carlson|Everything will be fine in the end. If it's not fine, it's not the end.
Bruce Barton|My mother's face floated to mind, a pale, reproachful moon, at her last and first visit to the asylum since my twentieth birthday. A daughter in an asylum! I had done that to her. Still, she had obviously decided to forgive me.
Tony Wilson, 24-Hour Party People|Pong had mutated into large stand-up Sega consoles by '82 and here was some extra revenue the guys were well up for. So the space on the left of the entrance was to be the games room. Until two weeks to opening."Where's the cloakroom?""The what?""The cloakroom, the fucking cloakroom.""What's your problem?""We don't have a cloakroom. We have special polished South African granite bar tops that we haven't told Erasmus about 'cause he has a thing about apartheid, we have a balcony balustrade made of shaped QE-fucking-2 mahogany, but we seem to have built an entire club without a cloakroom.""Fuck."Hence you did not pass the games room but the cloakroom, the only cloakroom in the Manchester with forty-two power points. if you ever wanted to do a bit of ironing, these people were there for you.
Maggie Nelson, The Red Parts|His own exclamation: “Women should be free—as free as we are,” struck to the root of a problem that it was agreed in his world to regard as nonexistent. “Nice” women, however wronged, would never claim the kind of freedom he meant, and generous-minded men like himself were therefore—in the heat of argument—the more chivalrously ready to concede it to them. Such verbal generosities were in fact only a humbugging disguise of the inexorable conventions that tied things together and bound people down to the old pattern.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|Pride is the problem. Everyone wants to be right so badly they overlook the "rights" of others.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|I understand the mechanism of my own thinking. I know precisely how I know, and my understanding is recursive. I understand the infinite regress of this self-knowing, not by proceeding step by step endlessly, but by apprehending the limit. The nature of recursive cognition is clear to me. A new meaning of the term "self-aware."Fiat logos. I know my mind in terms of a language more expressive than any I'd previously imagined. Like God creating order from chaos with an utterance, I make myself anew with this language. It is meta-self-descriptive and self-editing; not only can it describe thought, it can describe and modify its own operations as well, at all levels. What Gödel would have given to see this language, where modifying a statement causes the entire grammar to be adjusted.With this language, I can see how my mind is operating. I don't pretend to see my own neurons firing; such claims belong to John Lilly and his LSD experiments of the sixties. What I can do is perceive the gestalts; I see the mental structures forming, interacting. I see myself thinking, and I see the equations that describe my thinking, and I see myself comprehending the equations, and I see how the equations describe their being comprehended.I know how they make up my thoughts.These thoughts.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|They are both spectacular, Life and death.
Hiroshi Ishizaki, Chain Mail: Addicted to You|No matter how hard you try to create a story that's completely fictional, parts of your own experience are bound to surface.
Patricia Highsmith|one blow in anger [would] kill, probably, a child from aged two to eight. Those over eight would take two blows to kill.
Sunday Adelaja|Leaders are not just personalities or identities you follow, they are ideas, everything belongs to them gives you a feel which forces you to rethink about your own-self (Life) and tracks (Purpose of life) you are walking on, even their remembrance gives you an energy which is powerful enough that it can shape your reality, even the realities of those who hate them.
Richard Siken, Crush|Dear Forgiveness, you know that recentlywe have had our difficulties and there are many thingsI want to ask you.
Kate Samperi|She was a monster, but she was my monster.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|If someone’s beliefs are fixed and false, he or she can do anything to justify their beliefs.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What a comfort it was for me to know that no matter where I was in the world, my mother was praying for me.
Shaun Tan, Lost & Found|There is an implicit recognition here that important things in life are not always immediately visible, and can't always be named, or even fully understood. Others still are entirely imaginary -- like a red tree growing suddenly in a room -- although this does not make them any less real.
Greg Lynn|When I started designing in school, I discovered that I had a knack for it. I fell completely in love with architecture, and I remain in love with it.
Sandra Cisneros|We're going to right the world and live. I mean live our lives the way lives were meant to be lived. With the throat and wrists. With rage and desire, and joy and grief, and love till it hurts, maybe. But goddamn, girl. Live.
Cassie Mae, Doing It for Love|She'd hardly describe Trent as "cute." Adonis, stud-like, hottie McHot Hot, even pulchritudinous - all acceptable descriptions. Hardly just cute.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|The American's literature is all about being hot and sexy, inspiring a girl and going to bed with her. It focuses on being a hero, saving lives and surviving last, but it has nothing to do with dignity, serenity.
Lauren Willig|Whether I like it or not, most of my images of what various historical periods feel, smell, or sound like were acquired well before I set foot in any history class. They came from Margaret Mitchell, from Anya Seton, from M.M. Kaye, and a host of other authors, in their crackly plastic library bindings. Whether historians acknowledge it or not, scholarly history’s illegitimate cousin, the historical novel, plays a profound role in shaping widely held conceptions of historical realities.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|There is a deep interconnectedness of all life on earth, from the tiniest organisms, to the largest ecosystems, and absolutely between each person.
G.K. Chesterton|There’s something wonderful about drinking in the afternoon. A not-too-cold pint, absolutely alone at the bar – even in this fake-ass Irish pub.
Peter Enns, Exodus|When your ears hear and your eyes see the sin, weakness, or failure of your husband or wife, it is never an accident; it is always grace. God loves your spouse, and he is committed to transforming him or her by his grace, and he has chosen you to be one of his regular tools of change.
Martin Gosch, Last Testament of Lucky Luciano: The Mafia Story in His Own Words|It's the ones who can't let go - of fear or anger, lust or greed, vanity or pride or power - who are most at risk of becoming corrupted.
Betty Dodson|The Homeland Security department doesn't have tasking authority in the intelligence community. They can ask for stuff, but they can't direct anything except inside their bureau.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|In fact it was altogether an odd dog, of uncertain breed, or breeds. It was large and black, but its hair was tufty, its body scrawny and clumsy, and its manner edgy, anxious, verging on the completely neurotic. Whenever it came to a halt for a moment or so, the business of starting up again often seemed to cause it trouble, as if it had difficulty in remembering where it had left each of its legs.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Benjamin and I sat in the middle of one of the large canoes with our grandmother in the stern, directing us past shoals and through rapids and into magnificent stretches of water. One day the clouds hung low and light rain freckled the slate-grey water that peeled across our bow. The pellets of rain were warm and Benjamin and I caught them on our tongues as our grandmother laughed behind us. Our canoes skimmed along and as I watched the shoreline it seemed the land itself was in motion. The rocks lay lodged like hymns in the breast of it, and the trees bent upward in praise like crooked fingers. It was glorious. Ben felt it too. He looked at me with tears in his eyes, and I held his look a long time, drinking in the face of my brother.
Anna Sheehan, A Long, Long Sleep|I haven't finished revisiting Sleeping Beauty. As a faerie tale, that one is rife with inherent difficulties. After all, the world doesn't stop just because one person is asleep.
Carol Leifer|I think there have always been funny women, from Carol Burnett to Joan Rivers. When the audience sees a woman, they innately know she's worked twice as hard to get there, she's had to prove that she can be the leader, first, and then be funny on top of it. She has to emit a confidence that she's in control.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Whatever a man values, it is there you will find his resources. That which has no value to him, neither he nor his resources nor him will be present. Where can we find you?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Against the censurers of brevity. - Something said briefly can be the fruit of much long thought: but the reader who is a novice in this field, and has as yet reflected on it not at all, sees in everything said briefly something embryonic, not without censuring the author for having served him up such immature and unripened fare.
Zig Ziglar|Is it ok to sometimes be shy?Yes, of course. The point is,that being that way all the time and using it as an excuse to never be the opposite of shy,it's not good. It's not good for your life, your interactions,strenght of character and how diverse and interesting you can be. You are MORE than shy. Don't be labeled, be what you wanna be in any given moment. And DO what WORKS, not what you think you are.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Ignorance is a terrible thing. It causes families to lose their center and causes people to lose their control. Ignorance knows no binds. Old people, young people, middle-aged, black, white, can all be ignorant.
Mark  Jackman, Shadow of the Badger|Suddenly, a voice called from the darkness. Taylor leapt like a salmon, then became rooted to the spot like a tin of salmon.
Richard Adams, The Plague Dogs|sleeping in the rain helps me forget things like I am going todie and you are going to die and the cats are going to diebut it's still good to stretch out and know you have arms andfeet and a head, hands, all the parts, even eyes to closeoncemore, it really helps to know these things, to know youradvantagesand your limitations, but why do the cats have to die, Ithink that theworld should be full of cats and full of rain, that's all, justcats andrain, rain and cats, very nice, goodnight.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|You may have come to advocacy on your own, it may be part of your job or you may have been asked to “put a face” on a campaign by serving as its spokesperson. You may be acting as a lone crusader or as part of a larger advocacy effort. Either way, you share an objective with all other advocates: to have your story move audiences from apathy to empathy to action.
Ron Koertge|I'm not a big fan of inspiration. I'm too old to sit and wait for the muse to give me a little kiss... I write a lot, and I'm not afraid to make mistakes or to write badly. I can alsways fix something weak and dull. But I can't fix a blank page.
Tatevik Gharibyan|A person has no need of sincerity, nor even of skill in lying, in order to be loved. Here I mean by love reciprocal torture.
Khushwant Singh, Truth, Love and a Little Malice|Why have the English remained to English? Throughout India's history conquerors have come from elsewhere, and all of them --- Turk, Arab, Hun, Mongol, Persian --- have become Indian. If --- when ---this Pakistan happens, those Muslims who leave Delhi, Lucknow and Hyderabad to go there, They will be leaving their homes. But when the English leave, they'll be going home.
Peter Welch|Christian values were important at home. Cleanliness. Don't steal. Don't lie. Those were the rules, and they were strictly enforced. Especially the stealing and lying. When you broke the rules, you got a beating. I always broke the rules a lot.
Tasha Alexander, A Fatal Waltz|It's delicious to have people adore you, but it's exhausting, too. Particularly when your own feelings don't match theirs.
Giannina Braschi|You do not know what will happen if you take down the walls; you cannot see through to the other side, don't know whether it will bring freedom or ruin, resolution or chaos. It might be paradise or destruction. Take down the walls. Otherwise you must live closely, in fear, building barricades against the unknown, saying prayers against the darkness, speaking verse of terror and tightness. Otherwise you may never know hell, but you will not find heaven, either.
G.K. Chesterton, Eugenics and Other Evils: An Argument Against the Scientifically Organized State|[S]he was in a pretty crazy place, screaming and waving the bucket-knife around, spattered with blood from head to toe. Lee was lying on the floor, quietly pumping out his life through his throat.
Francis Ford Coppola|Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world.
Sharon Salzberg, The Power of Meditation: A 28-Day Programme for Real Happiness|Meditation may be done in silence & stillness, by using voice & sound, or by engaging the body in movement. All forms emphasize the training of attention.
Robert V. Remini, The Life of Andrew Jackson|Morality doesn’t exist in space, only in the spaces between people.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|It does not matter how much we distance ourselves, how far we run - the past always shadows us.
John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne|I wish I was either in your arms full of faith, or that a Thunder bolt would strike me.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who comes to know [the eternal truth], will awaken. The one who is wrongly believing will not awaken.
Jesse Jackson|Our dreams must be stronger than our memories. We must be pulled by our dreams, rater than pushed by our memories.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Before you look for dirt in people, look for treasure.
Eudora Welty, The Collected Stories|In fact, the room was so quiet you might have heard a drop of paint splash.
Na|The humility of wisdom is the happy consciousness that all things come from God, are sustained by God, and exist for God. This wisdom is rooted in the pride-destroying, joy-giving cross of Christ.
Akshay Vasu|And then, they finally decided that it doesn't matter anymore whether they walked on graves, or on the walls. All that mattered was reaching the light that everyone wanted, but nobody ever reached.
Park Shin-hye|I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring.
Mary Karr|I know I'm not a wordsmith. And I don't write poetry. Sometimes I think I should, because it's really helpful. But I always wanted to write novels.
Gary Vaynerchuk|Working with crocodiles is always amazing because they're beautiful. They're modern day dinosaurs, which is really cool.
Patrick Ness, Monsters of Men|When we became teenagers boredom grew like a moth in a cocoon fighting to escape, and the peace created by our parents became a prison. We sought excitement and adventure. We sought anything but the sinless, pure, and average of the faux idyllic.
Paul Bogard, The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light|Never say never, for if you live long enough, chances are you will not be able to abide by the simplest of such injunctions.
Howard Mumford Jones|Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things - with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope.
Christina Brooke, London's Last True Scoundrel|You have a spine of steel and fire in your eyes, Rosalie. To have such a quality, one must be shaken to the foundation of one’s soul and put back together. I want to know how you emerged from hell made of steel and fire.
Jamie Freveletti|So for me the creative world isn’t what you do after your day job, though many professional musicians do this to make ends meet, but it’s something that IS a job. Perhaps that’s why I’m not as disheartened by the more cold blooded aspects of the industry. Over the course of watching my mother navigate the creative world I’ve seen just about every trick pulled that could have been and I’ve seen her deposit the checks received for a job well done. When I recently asked her why she chose the creative world she said: “Early on I decided that if I had to work I was going to work at something that I loved.”I’m glad she did. As difficult, chaotic, dysfunctional and crazy as the world in music and the arts can be I always knew that they mattered deeply to her, as they do to me.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|You’re everything I’ve ever wanted, Pigeon.”“Just remember that when I take all of your money in the next poker game,” I said, pulling off my shirt.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|But maybe they understood more about life than I did. From an early age they knew what little value the world placed in books, and so didn't waste their time with them. Whereas I, even now, persist in believing that these black marks on white paper bear the greatest significance, that if I keep writing, I might be able to catch the rainbow of consciousness in a jar.
Ignatius of Loyola|If Thou canst do something with us and through us, then please, God, do something without us! Bypass us and take up a people who now know Thee not!
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|In your selflessness pursuit of things higher than yourself, you appear selfish or inconsiderate to those who truly love you and who have cared deeply about you from the first day you came into their lives.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|I used to think to myself that I was the last kind of person who should have a guardian angel, but then I realized that maybe my type of person is the kind who angels come to first.
Matthew Fox, Creativity|where does creativity come from?  Creativity comes from the Universe itself. “There is music and poetry in the Universe itself — surely we hear it on planet earth.” And Creativity comes from our joys and sorrows, our deep-hearted experiences. It also comes “from and in the heart of God. All our spiritual traditions the world over agree that creativity follows through the human heart and that it flows from the Divine Heart.”Creativity is seen as a spiritual, inwardly-driven activity, directly influenced by a Higher Power, or God. That is the ultimate in inspiration for me: to know I have “permission” to be creative and to be a creator too.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|I'm trying to tell MiSSSisss WaSShington about our ceremony for Father.But it takes time tomatch every noun and verb,sort all the tenses,remember all the articles,set the tone for every s.MiSSSisss WaSShington saysif every learner waitsto speak perfectly,no one would learna new language.Being stubbornwon't make you fluent.Practicing will!The more mistakes you make,the more you'll learn not to.They laugh.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Lincoln said his spiky hair had "a way of getting up in the world".
Martha Stout, The Myth of Sanity: Divided Consciousness and the Promise of Awareness|-If I somehow possessed a set of videotapes that contained all the most significant events of your childhood, in their entirety, would you want to see them?-Absolutely. Right this very second.-But why? Don't you think some of the tapes would be very sad?-Most of them, yes. But if I could see them, then I could have them in my brain like regular memories-horrible memories, yes, but regular memories, not sinister little ghosts in my head that pop out of some part of me I don't even know, and take the rest of me away. Do you know what I mean?-I think so, If you have to remeber, you'd rather do it in the front of your brain than in the back.
John le Carre|If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.
Robert Conquest, Reflections on a Ravaged Century|Scholars and enlightened always want to define the differences between communism, socialism, fascism and other economic or political systems. It really doesn't matter to those who are subjected to those societies how someone has articulated their misery.
Rabbi Yossi|‎"With each experience we grow and become more aware of the inner beauty that lies within us. Ultimately we are truly our own leader. We lead the connection and flow of life that is our inheritance.
Nikki Rowe|Don't be a slave to your limiting beliefs. It's your mind, so take control of it today. Stop following the beliefs that don’t help you. Create empowering beliefs that will serve you better.
Olga Núñez Miret, Teamwork|I saw her sign the register, but her name isn't on it any more. The bellboy says he never saw her. Now they've got me so I'm scared and shaky, like a little kid is of the dark. I want you men to help me. Won't you men help me?''We'll help you' - said the lieutenant in charge. Slowly, awfully slowly; I didn't like that slowness - 'if we're able to.' And I knew what he meant; if we find any evidence that your story is true.("All At Once, No Alice")
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|Don't spread negativity, that stuff is contagious and ruins us. The good news is, positivity can also be contagious and it lifts us.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|What is important is to spread confusion, not eliminate it.
Wendy Cope|When I was eight, my mum found me humming to myself and scribbling on a scrap of paper. When she asked me what I was doing, I got shy. I was writing a Christmas song, and I had never shared my music with anyone before. Reluctantly, I sang it for her... and she loved it. Of course she did - she's my mum.
Alfred Tennyson, Ulysses|How dull it is to pause, to make an end,To rust unburnish’d, not to shine in use!As tho’ to breathe were life!
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|We're the most aggressively inarticulate generation to come along since, you know, a long time ago!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Each generation becomes more addicted to the sedatives of life, to dull the pain of living.
Asma Naqi|There is a limit for everything. You can't just load tons and tons of peacock feathers in a cart considering it's light weight. If you do, it will damage the axle of the cart.
Sandra Tsing Loh|I sit here as the first African-American attorney general, serving the first African-American President of the United States. And that has to show that we have made a great deal of progress. But there's still more we have to travel along this road so we get to the place that is consistent with our founding ideals.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|To conquer the dangers of giving up, do what your passion moves you to do.
Yulianto Eko P|With a metal heartI came to this life,My head was a crucible, full of elixir.Pearl by pearlMy heart was poured,Drop by dropMy head was splashed.The world was entirely a magnet.
Emily Thornton Calvo|I didn’t leave early that morning. I waited for him to wake up and kiss me good morning. He said he was going to take a shower and I should come join him. I thought now was as good of a time as any and placed the ring on his corner table with my note. It read:My Love, I don’t know how you will accept my decision. I do love you with all my heart but you are not my first love. I am always going to be infatuated with my love for the sea. Accept my proposal after I have completed my education, claim my heart for thy own & obtain thy love in which it possesses.With all My Love, Zara-emerald eyes of the sea
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|C.S. Lewis in his second letter to me at Oxford, asked how it was that I, as a product of a materialistic universe, was not at home there. 'Do fish complain of the sea for being wet? Or if they did, would that fact itself not strongly suggest that they had not always been, or would not always be, purely aquatic creatures? Then, if we complain of time and take such joy in the seemingly timeless moment, what does that suggest? It suggests that we have not always been or will not always be purely temporal creatures. It suggests that we were created for eternity. Not only are we harried by time, we seem unable, despite a thousand generations, even to get used to it. We are always amazed by it--how fast it goes, how slowly it goes, how much of it is gone. Where, we cry, has the time gone? We aren't adapted to it, not at home in it. If that is so, it may appear as a proof, or at least a powerful suggestion, that eternity exists and is our home.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|On his thirteenth birthday he had seen a film in which the central character was a painter who, unable to sell his work, grew cold and hungry as he went from one unsuccessful interview to the next; eventually he had become a vagrant, sleeping in the streets of the city where once he had walked in hope. Hawksmoor left the cinema in a mood of profound, terrified apprehension and, from that time, he was filled with a sense of time passing and with the fear that he might be left discarded on its banks. The fear had not left him, although now he could no longer remember from where it came: he looked back on his earlier life without curiosity, since it seemed to lack intrinsic interest, and when he looked forward he saw the same steady attainment of goals without any joy in their attainment. For him, the state of happiness was simply the state of not suffering and, if he cared for anything, it was for oblivion.
Brie Larson|Each step of the way, I'm learning. When I leave an interview, I learn whether I feel, 'Oh, that was nice,' or that made me feel like a little piece of me was taken.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t let go of your heart-love, soul mate!
Charles Mackriel|Understand that by giving something a name, you own it. I find that by naming it, you give yourself a sense of purpose. Like wanting to become a doctor or lawyer or writer for instance, don’t hide in the shadows and wait for it to happen, because the chances of it spontaneously happening are next to none, trust me. You actually have to put yourself out there and commit to it by giving it a name. And you achieve this by simply saying, I WILL become a ‘this’ or ‘that’ or whatever it is that you want. Because you see, if you own it, nothing anyone can say or do will be able to take it away from you; because YOU gave it a name and thus, it belongs to you.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Be a team player, not a bandwagon jumper.
Ashly Lorenzana|If somebody never gets enough of you, they will always want more
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Children are simultaneously required to constitute themselves as autonomous subjects, responsible, free and conscious, and to constitute themselves as submissive, inert, obedient, conforming objects.
Thabo Mbeki|Few companies that installed computers to reduce the employment of clerks have realized their expectations... They now need more, and more expensive clerks even though they call them 'operators' or 'programmers.'
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|In this changing world around us we can't help but change. Change is what makes our relationships so interesting! without it there wouldn't be anything new happening in our lives. Your job as an equal in your relationship is to look for change in your spouse and embrace it. When you show a devoted interest in every talent, hobby, desire, passion or goal that your spouse tosses on the table, you are telling your spouse that he/she is important to you. The favor will be returned tenfold. Life will become more interesting!
Ellis Peters, The Leper of Saint Giles|Oh, sometimes I like to put the sand of doubt into the oyster of my faith." (Br. Cadfael)
Hesiod|Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside equally desperate to get out.
Sara Wolf, Brutal Precious|It comes true because we're wise, dear.
Ira N. Barin|There were worse things than dying, and those worse things happened to the people you left behind.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Consider an achievement accidental if it is not coupled with modesty. Because if the achiever had endeavoured for it, it would certainly have killed their pride.
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|I don't believe in "original sin." I don't believe in "guilt." I don't believe in villains or heroes - only right or wrong ways that individuals have taken, not by choice but by necessity or by certain still-uncomprehended influences in themselves, their circumstances, and their antecedents. This is so simple I'm ashamed to say it, but I'm sure it's true. In fact, I would bet my life on it! And that's why I don't understand why our propaganda machines are always trying to teach us, to persuade us, to hate and fear other people on the same little world that we live in.
Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz|Calling the earth activists, lightworkers, spiritual warriors. Stay awake. Take action. Spread awareness.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Choose Love, Love! Without the sweet life ofLove, living is a burden - as you have seen.
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|When Sweetu wasn’t being reduced to merely existing as a bride, as a piece of meat to be handled and prodded, to have decorative contraptions stuck into her skull, her interests were otherwise unexpressed. She rarely complained, hardly asked for anything, and maybe that’s because Indian girls grow up going to weddings and we watch the procedure and we know our roles: be demure, don’t complain, cry but don’t scream, get tea for anyone older than you, and calmly meet expectations.
Gautama Buddha|All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts and made up of our thoughts. If a man speak or act with an evil thought, suffering follows him as the wheel follows the hoof of the beast that draws the wagon.... If a man speak or act with a good thought, happiness follows him like a shadow that never leaves him.
Frances Murray, The Burning Lamp|Though I should have known better, I had to ask. "What is furniture disease?"She looked at me like I had the IQ of a grape. "It's when your chest falls into your drawers. Get ready for it, honey, because with that rack of yours, you'll be using them as knee pads before you know it.
Robert Jordan|Of valid economics pre-dating the Power Age (steam and electricity), there remains not a vestige. Of valid economics pre-dating the intensive and extensive use of electricity there will soon exist only rags and tatters. We still have to thank Adam Smith for insisting 'Consumption is the sole end and purpose of production;' but the old form of the law of demand and supply is outmoded, since supply has become practically inexhaustible.
Stephen Magnus|Before you blame others for their wrongdoings, make sure you've achieved something worthwhile in the society or in someone's life.
Jan Karon, Somewhere Safe with Somebody Good|I can't say I have any confidence in confidence. I have confidence that God is with us in all things, both tender and tough.
Stefano Benni, Margherita Dolce Vita|Destiny cutsthe cake of love,Three slices to some,To others, a crumb.
Tayo Emmanuel, A Bouquet of Dilemma|When you feel that he doesn't value you anymore, this would be the right time to let him go.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|Anyone else feel like that? Like your life's a big act. Like you're trying to be a man when you're just a scared kid, trying to keep under control when you really want to scream, cry, maybe hit someone. Ever feel like you're breathing underwater, and you have to stop because you're gulping in too much fluid?
Nick Bantock|Gorgeous,” he murmured.She chuckled. “Think you’l say that in five months or so? When I waddle like a duck and you have to tie my shoes for me?”“I’l say it then and forever.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Fever 1793|It had been a good day, all things considered. I had managed rather well on my own. I opened Grandfather's Bible. This is what it would be like when I had my own shop, or when I traveled abroad. I would always read before sleeping. One day, I'd be so rich I would have a library full of novel to choose from. But I would always end the evening with a Bible passage.
Flora  Roberts, Just A Step Away|You ever tried sixty-nine, Lola? I think you'd like it. You're a good multi-tasker.
Craig Venter|In a biological system, the software builds its own hardware, but design is critical, and if you start with digital information, it has to be really accurate.
Mary Catherine Bateson|The human race will then become one family, and the world will be the dwelling of Rational Men.
Nadine Gordimer|Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time.
Lorde, Lorde - Pure Heroine Songbook|Like yeast, it’s impressive how considerably an ounce of determination can make one’s efforts grow and expand.
Jen Mann|When his parents announced the newest rules to Jamal, he defiantly announced back to them that, as a matter of principle, he would not be "manipulated or forced into complying with a Fascist parenting style.
Shulamith Firestone, The Dialectic of Sex: The Case for Feminist Revolution|In the radical feminist view, the new feminism is not just the revival of a serious political movement for social equality. It is the second wave of the most important revolution in history. Its aim: the overthrow of the oldest, most rigid class/caste system in existence, the class system based on sex - a system consolidated over thousands of years, lending the archetypal male and female roles and undeserved legitimacy and seeming permanence.
Darnell Lamont Walker|In her attempt to make me a good man, I made her a bad woman.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|For his children, he would move mountains.
Marc Gascoigne, Shadowmaster|Further, deeper still, those whose true names are for ever hidden from the world picked up the pattern of vibrations in the ether, and something akin to joy stirred in their fathomless minds. Perhaps soon they would be called upon to feed.
Timothy Zahn, Heir to the Empire|…inside of a year, almost all of the stuff of which you were made got regularly switched out for other stuff, as you ate and drank and breathed, and yet if you said you had the same identity you did a year ago, no one would think to call you a liar. Being is always becoming; people change and stay the same. What is true for bodies is also true for selves: even the most honest person has many faces, none of which is false.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|They cannot indulge in any detailed or merely logical defense of life; that would delay the enjoyment of it. These higher optimists, of whom Dickens was one, do not approve of the universe; they do not even admire the universe; they fall in love with it. They embrace life too close to criticize or even to see it. Existence to such men has the wild beauty of a woman, and those love her with most intensity who love her with least cause.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|I had to get over [him]. For months now, a stone had been sitting on my heart. I'd shed a lot of tears over [him], lost a lot of sleep, eaten a lot of cake batter. Somehow, I had to move on. [Life] would be hell if I didn't shake loose from the grip he had on my heart. I most definitely didn't want to keep feeling this way, alone in a love affair meant for two. Even if he'd felt like The One. Even if I'd always thought we'd end up together. Even if he still had a choke chain on my heart.
Shu Hattori, The McKinsey Edge: Success Principles from the World's Most Powerful Consulting Firm|If you are going to complain, blame, or criticize, then do something about it... Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|Death and life are the same thing-like the two sides of my hand, the palm and the back. And still the palm and the back are not the same...They can be neither separated, nor mixed.
John    Hennessy|If I am to be a skeleton in a box buried deep into the ground, I pray you will be the dust that rests atop my bones.
Israel S. Dudley|Oh, why fill the heart with yesterday and tomorrow when this moment is all the heart needs? Let the heart be present, let the mind be here, let the eyes see, let the ears hear, let the soul witness, let the words flow ... down this gentle river, you know the way. Why must the eyes know exactly where and why must the mind know exactly how and why must the heart know exactly what and why must the soul know exactly when? It doesn't matter. In the same way that the headlights do not need to show from here all the way to your home before you get there, the headlights just need to show the next few feet. And if the car continues to move, with the headlights showing just the next few feet, you can make it home from anywhere.So in the same way, let the heart, let the eyes, let the mind, let the ears, let the soul, let the touch of this moment feel what is here ... without focusing on what will be there. Allow the essence of this, and this, and this, and this to enrich your life. Be with this now. Witness the tree as you pass by and watch the birds fly to it, drawn to it in the same way that bugs are drawn to lights. Let your heart be drawn to this moment, let your soul be guided by what is here, now.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|He told them therefore that He was not a Teacher asking for a disciple who would parrot His sayings; He was a Saviour Who first disturbed a conscience and then purified it. But many would never get beyond hating the disturber. The Light is no boon, except to those who are men of good will; their lives may be evil, but at least they want to be good. His Presence, He said, was a threat to sensuality, avarice, and lust. When a man has lived in a dark cave for years, his eyes cannot stand the light of the sun; so the man who refuses to repent turns against mercy. No one can prevent the sun from shining, but every man can pull down the blinds and shut it out.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|There are over a million types of fish in the sea as there are flowers in all of the world's gardens. There are at least a million different types of minerals as there are species of birds or monkeys. The possible configurations of lifeforms that could be created from a single atom are infinite. There are at least a billion people on this earth, and no two faces look the same. It is very arrogant to assume that we have seen all of God's miracles.
Karen Ranney, The Scottish Companion|I don't live to work. I work to live. Before I die, I know I lived.
Scarlett Avery, Undeniable Attraction|Meet Jake — He’s illegally hot and his dirty-talking will make you dizzy!Meet Hunter— He’s outspoken, impulsive and a rugged piece of eye candy!These Two Alpha Billionaires Believe In Sharing...Everything!
Lynda Barry|As a schoolboy, poetry seemed defined by preciousness. It was all very rarefied.
Sally Ride|It's not vanity to feel you have a right to be beautiful. Women are taught to feel we're not good enough, that we must live up to someone else's standards. But my aim is to cherish myself as I am.
Isabel Allende|One of the things that always comes up in my writing is the search for freedom, especially in women. I always write about women who are marginalized, who have no means or resources and somehow manage to get out of those situations with incredible strength - and that is more important than anything.
Charles Baudelaire, The Painter Of Modern Life And Other Essays|Genius is no more than childhood recaptured at will, childhood equipped now with man's physical means to express itself, and with the analytical mind that enables it to bring order into the sum of experience, involuntarily amassed.
L.J. Vanier, Ether: Into the Nemesis|Maybe that's what love is-counting the bandages until someone says, 'Enough'.
James Edwin Gunn, The Immortals|If they succeed, it will not matter if Man becomes immortal.He will have nothing to live for.
Inazo Nitobe|It's how you felt. And feelings don't always make sense. That's why they're feelings - not thnkings, " I said, hoping she'd smile.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|I will not promise boys positions, I will not promise any of you football success, I will demand discipline, character, respect, and work ethic throughout the program. If I succeed in getting people to believe then success will follow.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|His kisses were so hungry and male, which isn't bad. Every kiss said he could never have enough, but he wasn't going to stop trying. They were so hormonal. I wanted his sugar roughness. Girl's kisses are deliberate and polished. When she kisses me - when I kiss her - she doesn't want me. She has me and knows it.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|Poverty may be a privilege and even a way of life for the monk in the desert,for he has only himself to sustain and none but his god to please, but I consider poverty to be the mark of lack of ability or lack of ambition.I am not deficient in either of these qualities!
Abraham Lincoln|It will not do to investigate the subject of religion too closely, as it is apt to lead to infidelity.
Diane Ackerman, An Alchemy of Mind: The Marvel and Mystery of the Brain|Studies show that the IQ range of most creative people is surprisingly narrow, around 120 to 130. Higher IQs can perform certain kinds of tasks better--logic, feats of memory, and so on. But if the IQ is much higher or lower than that, the window of creativity closes. Nonetheless, for some reason we believe more is better, so people yearn for tip-top IQs, and that calls for bigger memories. A fast, retentive memory is handy, but no skeleton key for survival.
Ally Condie, Crossed|If patterns of ones and zeroes were "like" patterns of human lives and deaths, if everything about an individual could be represented in a computer record by a long strings of ones and zeroes, then what kind of creature could be represented by a long string of lives and deaths?
Dorien Kelly, The Last Bride in Ballymuir|And with a last stardrop, a last circle, I arrive, and she's there, chemical wonder in her eyes.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|She had thought he was dead, or at least not totally alive, and you could not still be dating someone you believe had an autopsy, so it was not really cheating.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|..it happens in all human affairs that we never seek to escape one mischief without falling into another. Prudence therefore consists in knowing how to distinguish degrees of disadvantage, and in accepting a less evil as a good.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|Sometimes we don't need words. Rather, it's words that need us.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you speak from your heart, the words ring true, but as you speak in anger, I'll only shed tears for you.
Nikki Rowe|In an era where women undress their outfits & give their bodies so carelessly, become the rare wild woman that undresses her mind and soul & knows the worth of what she has to offer.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|I am an anarch in space, a metahistorian in time. Hence I am committed to neither the political present nor tradition; I am blank and also open and potent in any direction. Dear old Dad, in contrast, still pours his wine into the same decaying old wineskins, he still believes in a constitution when nothing and no one constitutes anything.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.
A.W. Tozer, The Tozer Pulpit: Volume 2, Ten Sermons on the Ministry of the Holy Spirit|A church begins to die when it says, ‘They were just children.
Eric Hoffer|Perhaps, as some wit remarked, the best proof that there is Intelligent Life in Outer Space is the fact it hasn't come here. Well, it can't hide forever - one day we will overhear it.
Jim C. Hines|Our health care system squanders money because it is designed to react to emergencies. Homeless shelters, hospital emergency rooms, jails, prisons - these are expensive and ineffective ways to intervene and there are people who clearly profit from this cycle of continued suffering.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Makes a diff'rence, havin' a decent family,' he said. 'Me dad was decent. An' your mum an' dad were decent. If they'd lived, life woulda bin diff'rent, eh?''Yeah, I s'pose,' said Harry cautiously. Hagrid seemed to be in a very strange mood.'Family,' said Hagrid gloomily. 'Whatever yeh say, blood's important...
Nelson Walters|In the parable of the ten virgins, Jesus is clearly saying that prior to his return the whole church will be asleep (Mt. 25:5), not just the foolish virgins but the wise as well. This verse turned my thinking upside down. No matter how I looked at it, no matter what commentary I read, no one had an adequate answer for what this verse really says. Denomination Presidents, Seminary Professors, Pastors and everyone in the pews: Jesus is telling us that we’re all snoozing.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Miles Errant|Real destiny takes everything—the last drop of blood, and strip out your veins to be sure—and gives it back doubled. Quadrupled. A thousand-fold! But you can't give halves. You have to give it all. I know. I swear. I've come back from the dead to speak the truth to you. Real destiny gives you a mountain of life, and puts you on top of it.
Michael Chabon|He looked so much like me, I could tell that he saw it, too, we shared the smile of recognizing ourselves in each other, how many imposters do I have? DO we all make the same mistakes, or has one of us gotten it right, or even just a bit less wrong, am I the imposter?
Jaiendra Puri|We love our dear ones a lot but God love them more and them them from us,Worst feeling is that we can't meet or talk with them ever and this feeling kill us from inside.
Raoul Peck|What I try to get physically healthy people to understand is that they're going to die someday. There is no way out. And dying isn't failure, but not living is, so make use of your time. Don't keeping waiting.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Democracy is a continuous, open process of civility.A democracy can never be “done”; updating democracy can never be over.Democracy can be nothing else but a continuous process, because we use it to organize our life, and life is nothing but a continuous process.Democracy can be compared to an operating system or an anti-virus software; if it does not get perpetually updated, it becomes obsolete very fast.Trusting the updates or the “improvements” of democracy to the elected and the owned mass media is like trusting the updates of an anti-virus program to virus creators; it defeats the purpose of updates or improvements.
JohnA Passaro, Again|In some aspects losing a child is like a wall, but instead of getting over it, you must carry the wall with you, wherever you go, for as long as you live.The wall is immovable.You can’t go anywhere until you learn to move the wall.You are just stuck in the same place, forever.You can tug and tug all you want, there are days that the wall will not move.And there are days that it moves ever so slightly.Over time I have realized that in order to move forward, knowing that I must bring this wall with me, that the best way to do so is to metaphorically flood the soil near the wall with water, and have the wall float with me, instead of me having to carry it.Every act of love and kindness turns to water.Water and love can penetrate and move anything.It just takes time. I need to turn my wall into a raft.
Robison Wells, Dark Energy|Yes, look at him," Marisol said. "Sleeping in a hammock, waking before the sunrise to take care of poor people. He is so terrible.
Mark Sherman Smeester|Even if you listen to all the advice from your parents, friends, teachers, and mentors, if you don't end up happy, you still have nobody to blame. Nobody's perfect.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|I'm tired of living unable to love anyone. I don't have a single friend - not one. And, worst of all, I can't even love myself. Why is that? Why can't I love myself? It's because I can't love anyone else. A person learns how to love himself through the simple acts of loving and being loved by someone else. Do you understand what I am saying? A person who is incapable of loving another cannot properly love himself.
Gavin G. Smith, A Quantum Mythology|We’re not having sex, are we?”“No,” Talia confirmed. “Don’t take it the wrong way, you’re by far the nicest insect I’ve ever spent time with, but first contact is one thing. I’m not sure my reputation can take sleeping with the first alien I meet.
Hideaki Sorachi|Inside me, there is an organ more important than my heart. Although you can't see it, I feel it going right through my head and down to my legs, and I know that it exists inside me. It's the one that lets me stand up and walk forward. So that I can walk forward, without ever trembling. If I stopped here I feel like it would break...My soul would break. Even more than if my heart stops beating, to me that is the most important. Even if I become senile and my back gets bent, I still have to walk forward.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Friendship true is a vow of care.A warm embrace when in despair.A loving presence waiting thereto lift a heart, its burdens bear.Friendship true is an earnest prayer.A tongue of praise for one’s welfare.A smile ’mid laughs as light as air,and thoughtfulness most kind and rare.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh|Music is about communication, and the chemistry between an audience and the orchestra is absolutely essential; the performance does not exist in a bubble.
J.R. Rim|It's not what you learn, it's the way you learn it.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I am a dash man and not a miler, and it is probable that I will never write a novel. So far the novels of this war have had too much of the strength, maturity and craftsmanship critics are looking for, and too little of the glorious imperfections which teeter and fall off the best minds. The men who have been in this war deserve some sort of trembling melody rendered without embarrassment or regret. I’ll watch for that book.
Carl Sagan|When you find yourself looking ridiculous, reasoning isn't worth a damn.
Sean Sullivan|we can gain experience from the past, but we cant relive it. But we can hope for the future, Its always along side us, on the inside of us looking out. The past should not be allowed to evaporate but should exist only in memories.
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|Getting rid of dragons is not at all in my line, but I will do my best to think about it. Personally I have no hopes at all, and wish I was safe back at home.
Toby Jones|I write from my imagination, not from what I've read in books or seen on TV or to make money. I wrote from an idea I was passionate about.
Julia Glass, Three Junes|Rain clouds come floating in, not to muddy my days ahead, but to make me calm, happy and hopeful.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|One of the general patterns of good (i.e., striking and memorable) writing is the effect of repetition. If you use a certain element—a plot device, an image, a noticeable phrase—once, readers may or may not notice it consciously, but it doesn’t disturb the flow of their reading. If you use that element twice, they won’t notice it consciously—but they will notice it subconsciously, and it will add to the resonance of the writing or to their sense of depth and involvement (and if it’s a plot device, it will heighten the dramatic tension). But if you use that element three times, everybody will notice it the third time you do it.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Healing occurs in the present, not the past.  We're not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we'e not giving in the present.  There's a lot of talk today about people growing up in dysfunctional homes, but who didn't grow up in a dysfunctional home?  This world is a dysfunction.  However, there's nothing we've been through or seen or done that cannot be used to make our lives more valuable now.  We can grow from any experience, and we can transcend any experience.
Stephanie Lahart|When something is truly meant for YOU, you won't have to force it, rush it, or manipulate it.
Eliot Coleman, The New Organic Grower: A Master's Manual of Tools and Techniques for the Home and Market Gardener|Organic farming appealed to me because it involved searching for and discovering nature's pathways, as opposed to the formulaic approach of chemical farming. The appeal of organic farming is boundless; this mountain has no top, this river has no end.
deepakgogna|If you do a good deed to reap the reward of blessings, wouldn't you be performing a selfish act?
Anna Funder, All That I Am|Most people have no imagination. If they could imagine the sufferings of others, they would not make them suffer so.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Where there is no hope, there is Christmas. And where there is no Christmas, there is no hope.
Jinnul Jr.|pretending to be good might be the same with pretending to be right, its just you are selfish on your own because you think only for yourself..
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It's been proven by quite a few studies that plants are good for our psychological development. If you green an area, the rate of crime goes down. Torture victims begin to recover when they spend time outside in a garden with flowers. So we need them, in some deep psychological sense, which I don't suppose anybody really understands yet.
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|Use your imagination only on the future, never on the present or the past.
Jay Parini|The whole Christmas story was probably a later addition to the gospel narratives, presented only by the authors of Matthew and Luke. Mark and John seem never to have heard of the manger in Bethlehem, the Massacre of the Innocents, the hovering star, the three wise men, and so forth.
Germany Kent|So much can change from one day to the next, but the one thing that always remains the same is God. Stay focused on Him. In God We Trust.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|The power of positive thinking begins when you refuse to accept defeat, and start preparing yourself for future possibilities. The only thing standing in the way of your breakthrough, is you!
William Bailey, Great Ship of Knowledge: Learning Earth's Deathly History|Together, "Light and Knowledge" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable.
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|Under my bed was a note folded up in half. I smiled as I opened it and read, " I don't know how long it took you to find this but whatever day it is right now I promise you I love you a thousand times more than when I wrote this. That's the beautiful thing about us, no matter what the day brings, no matter the time or place, our love grows exponentially everyday.
Miller Williams|Fail not to call to mind, in the course of the twenty-fifth of this month, that the Divinest Heart that ever walked the earth was born on that day; and then smile and enjoy yourselves for the rest of it; for mirth is also of Heaven's making. 
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|The rest is just slow diminution and loss. A waning of the full and effulgent moon of my youth. Not that the bright light of my youth was anything to be proud of. I was a terrible person. I did unkind and sometimes illegal things. I treated women abominably. The remembrance of it causes me to flush with shame and to feel a tightening in my groin.It was a radiance without warmth, and I thought of nothing but myself in the brightness of the light. Now I try never to think of myself. I try not to think at all, not to dwell, but, sometimes, late at night, it all comes back to me, and I lose myself in the life that might have been, the wife of twenty years, her comforts and distractions. The fractious children, raucous at the holidays, with their tattoos you asked them not to get and their lacrosse sticks they play with in the house, stringing and restringing them, the trips to Paris to stay at the Lutetia. Photograph albums of a life that never quite came to be. It doesn’t last long when it comes, but it is vivid, and I am there, not here, not here where I belong. When you lose everything, you don’t die. You just continue in ordinary pants with nothing in your pockets.
A.E. Via|Syn tightened his seat belt as God drove like a damn lunatic through the city. He was now on the interstate doing over a hundred miles an hour.“If the person’s already dead, what’s the damn rush, Cash?” Day grumbled, obviously not liking God’s driving either.God ignored his passengers and swerved over four lanes, cutting off an eighteen-wheeler and just missing the barrier as he took the exit ramp at seventy.“Got a real heavy foot there, don’t you Lieutenant?” Syn gritted through clenched teeth.God let out a grunt as sharp green eyes caught Syn’s reflection in the rearview mirror.Please just watch the fucking road.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|There is still hope that if the people refuse to give up and keep silent, no matter how long or inconsequential their voices could be at the beginning, it would still be heard and justice be served.
John Mahoney|As a child growing up during the Korean War, I knew poverty. I studied by candlelight.
Mehmet Murat ildan|On the path to truth, you can’t see many people; truth’s way is calm and quiet. Look around you, friend! Are there too many people on the path you walk? If there are, question your path! Get away from the crowds!
Debasish Mridha|For all of my life, I am digging deep in my heart to find the liquid gold of love to share.
Angela Carter|Yes, I am white now,' said Gandalf. 'Indeed I am Saruman, one might almost say, Saruman as he should have been.
John E. Lewis|If not now, then when?
Machine Gun Kelly|And when you play this song, hold your head high, motherfucker, don't ever look down, be comfortable with who you are, our flaws are what makes us perfect
Cassandra Clare, The Rise of the Hotel Dumort|Ever heard the phrase, 'candy is dandy but liquor is quicker?'"Great she wanted to get me drunk."Ah...ever heard of underage!""Where there's a will there's a way," she said, matter-of-factly."That's your great plan?
Jenim Dibie|Depression is like waking up and opening the blinds because your plants need sunlight, but it's 8p.m. It's always 8p.m and you keep apologizing for it.
Woo Myung, Stop Living In This Land, Go To The Everlasting World Of Happiness, Live There Forever|But I wish to be enlightened.''Let me caution you against it.''Is enlightenment on the subject, then, so terrible?''Yes, indeed.'She laughingly declared that nothing could have so piqued her curiosity as his statement.
Natalie Bina, Vermilion Departure|I don't even like the word ‘indoors’. It doesn’t make sense. According to you right now, by stepping through the doorway I’d be indoors. Yet I wouldn’t actually be standing in the doorway. If it’s supposed to refer to being inside a building, then they shouldn’t have used the word ‘door,’ since last time I checked, doors don’t make up every square inch of a building! And I’d assume that now, since I’m not indoors, you’d say I’m ‘out of doors’, right? But, shouldn’t out of doors just be everywhere that’s not directly under a door? You know what, from now on I insist that everyone refer to being in a building as being ‘under-roof’.
Matthew Donnelly|Leaders don't walk in front, nor do they walk behind. They walk on completely different paths on the journey of intuition. The road that has never been taken. And so they lead.
Ezra Taft Benson|I always preferred my father's pasta the next day, when he'd put it in a hot oven with heaps of extra cheese. It would emerge slightly burned and very crisp on top.
Ron Swanson|I believe the happiness we feel in relation to animals is immensely significant. I believe it is absolutely central to our physical, psychological, and spiritual well-being.
W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight: Faerie and Folklore|When good Americans die, they go to Paris,' the ghost said, after taking a drag on a small cigarette.
Neal Asher, Prador Moon|What sort of an imaginary voice is that? I asked myself, suppose Columbus had heard an imaginary voice telling him to sail west. And because of it he had discovered the New World and changed human history... We would be hard put to defend the use of the term 'imaginary' then, for that voice, since the consequences of its speaking came to affect us all. Which would have constituted greater reality, an 'imaginary' voice telling him to sail west, or a 'real' voice telling him the idea was hopeless?
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|So it was a crossroads summer, when the universe seemed to stand perilously still like an egg wobbling on a precipice, a regular rite of passage summer that saw us traverse the hazardous divide between the illusions of boyhood and the far more pernicious deceptions of maturity, et cetera.
Zach Wamp|Upon the Constitution, upon the pre-existing legal rights of the People, as understood in this country and in England, I have argued that this House is bound to revive the Petition under debate.
Meggie Royer|My lack of faith in God is not a dilapidated house.It does not need to be razed to the ground or burned down to cinders.I refuse to be the wounded woman on a crossthat you crucify with your disapproval like nails;I will only be the woman who believes in thunderstormsthe same way lightning loves the tops of trees it strikesevery time it gets tired of being pent up in an unforgiving sky,the only difference is that I believe these are natural weather phenomenons,not God’s belly rumbling or synapses firing.When my doorway is filled with groups of peoplewielding religious conversion pamphlets like crossbows,I will be the martyr who steps aside to let the arrowscrack through the plaster in my wall instead of piercing my chest.This is not a eulogy to the believer I could have been.This is a battle cry to the believer I always have been,believer in sunsets like splashes of paint, handholdinglike willow branches brushing one another, new morningsafter old nights spent drowning in despair, believerin love as an entire language instead of a single word.Just because my beliefs align themselves on a different spectrumdoes not mean they are the wrong wavelength or color.And even though I think the universe was created by the Big Banginstead of a God with magic dust shooting from his fingertips,my universe does not contain fewer stars.
George Muller|Spiritually, we have marginalized the Bible. We've trivialized marriage, and we've neutralized the church. America today is in great turmoil. It feels like the soul of our nation has been taken from us.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|We—humanity—didn’t come this far by being afraid. Explorers and visionaries have willingly headed off to certain death for thousands of years and by doing so brought us to where we are today. No one has ever told us ‘no’ and succeeded in making it stick for long.We accede to these aliens’ demands and we’ll wither away. It may take centuries or even millennia, but we’ll be so busy cowering in fear we’ll forget to move forward.I say we fight.
Steven Galloway|By the time the last few notes fade, his hope will be restored, but each time he's force to resort to the Adagio it becomes harder, and he knows its effect is finite. There are only a certain number of Adagios left in him, and he will not recklessly spend this precious currency. 
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|When I'm not longer rapping, I want to open up an ice cream parlor and call myself Scoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg.
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|ultimately, the long-term goal is to have a critically informed public vote out of office representatives that are sacrificing children to the corporate bottom line with prepackaged teacher-proof curricula, standardized tests, and accountability schemes.
John May, The Greenpeace Story|One thing about which fish know exactly nothing is water, since they have no anti-environment which would enable them to perceive the element they live in.
|When you stay consistent with working out, you start to look good, which also leads to feeling good from the inside to the outside.
Sara Sheridan|Planting a flower's like opening a book, because either way you're starting something. And your garden's your library.
Nick Offerman, Paddle Your Own Canoe: One Man's Fundamentals for Delicious Living|I left that church with rich and royal hatred of the priest as a person, and a loathing for the church as an institution, and I vowed that I would never go inside a church again.[Eugene V. Debs, describing his teenage reaction to a hellfire lecture by a priest]
John Holt|A child whose life is full of the threat and fear of punishment is locked into babyhood. There is no way for him to grow up, to learn to take responsibility for his life and acts. Most important of all, we should not assume that having to yield to the threat of our superior force is good for the child's character. It is never good for anyone's character.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|There was a moment of hesitation, and then her mouth opened against his, and her tongue slid into his mouth, and he was, under the strange stars, utterly, irrevocably lost.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The best thing you can ever have is peace of mind, it is a basking fire to keep a cold heart in warmth, and a fortified confidence to be proud of.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|You are perfect, Avery. Just like you are, flaws and everything.
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|Every time we exterminate a predator, we are in a sense creating a new predator.
Nynke Visser|Yes, I run with the hare and hunt with the hounds, I pray and I meditate as well. I just believe in the old saying “Nothing ventured, nothing gained”. Why I do this? Well, there is a deep-rooted imperfection in me which nested in my DNA and causes a linear interference that affects my consciousness. As a result I don’t feel at home at any religion and still I believe in God, the infinite energy of our creation.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|If love is blind, then maybe a blind person that loves has a greater understanding of it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Evil exists in this world because it has its place. For had you never sat blindly through the darkness of night, your eyes wouldn't turn toward the sunrise to appreciate its warmth and illumination.
Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret|It was like walking into a treasure trove of books, hoarded by pirate librarians.
Sengcan, Hsin Hsin Ming|To live in the Great Way is neither easy nor difficult, but those with limited views are fearful and irresolute: the faster they hurry, the slower they go, and clinging cannot be limited: even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray. Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going. Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed.
Peter Mayle, Encore Provence: New Adventures in the South of France|Intimacy with one person could do this-empty the world of friendships, give a distaste for women's kisses and their bright chatter, make the ordinary world a little unreal and very uninteresting.
Kenn Bivins, the Wedding & Disaster of Felona Mabel|Neither super strength, nor telepathy, nor flight, nor telekinesis, nor any aberrant ability will ever be as great as the innate ability that a woman has when she is able to control her own mind.
Akiva Schaffer|When I was growing up, particularly during puberty in my teen years, I was so miserable because I elicited so much teasing and meanness from my teenage cohorts.
Tara Michener, Summer Camp Survival|A lot of people in our industry haven't had very diverse experiences. So they don't have enough dots to connect, and they end up with very linear solutions without a broad perspective on the problem. The broader one's understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.
Tom Brokaw|All women have appealing features. I do not refer to model-type appeal, but rather that which comes from your personality, your attitude, and your expressions. I urge you to enhance the natural, God-given, feminine gifts with which you have been so richly blessed.
Alex Flinn, Breathing Underwater|Illness is the night side of life, a more onerous citizenship. Everyone who is born holds dual citizenship, in the kingdom of the well and in the kingdom of the sick. Although we all prefer to use the good passport, sooner or later each of us is obliged, at least for a spell, to identify ourselves as citizens of that other place.
Joe Roman, Listed: Dispatches from America's Endangered Species Act|The three of us ate a fine supper of grilled trout with sorrel cream sauce, and red potatoes out of Britney's old garden behind the ruins of the Watling place, and watercress sautéed in butter for hardly a moment with a dash of vinegar, and cream custard with wild blackberries for dessert.
Terry Pratchett|There is never a bad time for a pun. There’s also never really a good time for a pun. You might as well just stay braced for a pun at all times, and ride them when they come with as much grace as you can manage.The fact that you can replace ‘pun’ with ‘disaster’ in the last three rules says a lot about the human race.
Anne Bradstreet|Sweet words are like honey, a little may refresh, but too much gluts the stomach.
Jess Winfield, My Name Is Will: A Novel of Sex, Drugs, and Shakespeare|Shakespeare, in some sense, helped create the modern man, didn't he, his influence is that pervasive. He held the mirror up to nature, but he also created that mirror: so the image he created is the very one we hold ourselves up to.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|Look at the picture, Emma. Do you see his expression? He looks like he’s been waiting his whole life to find you and suddenly there you are.
Michelle Dallocchio|Often I would hear other people ask, “When will I be normal again?”What you don’t often hear is a blunt truth: things will never be normal again. Not the “old" normal at least. You have to invent the new normal.I knew that I needed to take an honest appraisal of my life. Were my problems really bigger than me? Of course not. That’s why I remained in constant motion. Resistance to life’s changes meant death. No matter how depressing and bleak my past looked, I knew that I needed to keep moving and adapting in order to survive.
Marko Phiri, Fool's Gold|As Zhao ducked, he sneaked a blow aimed at Homwe’s stomach. Homwe groaned in surprise and confusion – shocked at his opponent’s speed and strength. He quickly drew a handgun from under his jacket and hit Xi Zhao on the head, drawing blood from his skull.
M.F. Moonzajer|People look like crazy, they do crazy things and they love their crazy life; stop inspiring them with your supernatural world and let them be who they chose to be.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|I am not a supporter of burning books; but like poison, some books should be kept away from simple minds who can't take in the strong content they provide
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|I didn’t want the person standing there, beside the bed, to have the same face I’d found so attractive at the airport. But you were there all right: the blue eyes, blondish hair, and tiny scar. Only you didn’t look beautiful this time. Just evil.
Ben Carson|In my own personal life, God plays a great role in the risk, because I pray before I go into the operating room for every case, and I ask him to give me wisdom, to help me to know what to do - and not only for operating, but for everything.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|Architecture depends on facts, but its real field of activity lies in the realm of the significance.
Gabriel Josipovici, Moo Pak|I would swear that I could practically hear crickets in the ensuing silence, if not for the fact that the stale air probably kills anything that requires oxygen to breathe.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|it is funny how things are always perfect as long as you keep quiet. And then, what's the point in having an awesome lover when you do not let yourself admit it, even to your closest friends? And, if you do not kiss and tell, are your affairs real, or nothing more than bedroom distractions; check-in before midnight, check-out before 9 AM?
David Gemmell|We make choices every day, some of them good, some of them bad. And if we are strong enough, we live with the consequences.
Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest|There were so many viciously sarcastic ways to respond, Jaden’s brain was temporarily paralyzed due to witty comeback overload.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Ernest Hemingway was a champion of the common man. He once said, “There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man. True nobility is being superior to your former self.
Francis Ray|Sabrina Thomas clutched the leather-bound notebook to her chest and tried not to be impatient as the elevator in the south tower of Texas Hospital near downtown Dallas stopped once again on its climb to the eighteenth and top floor. But it was difficult.Dr. Cade Mathis, the bane of her existence, would reach Mrs. Ward’s room first and then there’d be hell to pay. Sabrina jabbed the button to close the doors as soon as the last person stepped onto the already crowded elevator.
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Sharer|Necessity, they say, is the mother of invention, but fear, too, is not barren of ingenious suggestions.
zia|Relations are also like living things, they breath, grow and make our lives wonderful and happier by their fragrance. Don't press or crush their necks……! let them breath……! let them grow……!because if we are climbing a mountain, each step may get harder but we should keep going, because we know that the view will be very beautiful from the Top....!take good care of you and your relations...!
Rowan Atkinson|Even if it were proven that God didn't exist, Religion would still be Saintly and Divine.
Karolis|And when in doubt, Josh, follow your heart. Words can be false, images and sounds can be manipulated. But this... This is always true.
Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: Ten Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes|There is something wonderful about a book. We can pick it up. We can heft it. We can read it. We can set it down. We can think of what we have read. It does something for us. We can share great minds, great actions, and great undertakings in the pages of a book.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.
Henry Clay|His principles were out of date, but there was a good deal to be said for his prejudices.
Roger Ford, The Grim Reaper: Machine Guns And Machine-gunners In Action|We, the garden of technology. We, undecidable.
Debasish Mridha|Oh, mercy, there is nothing monstrously ugly about you. Ruth may be unpleasing, but you are merely plain. If anything, it's my beauty that's monstrous, for it sweeps away any other aspect of my character.
Tess Hilmo, With a Name like Love|The most honorable part of a network are the hubs, not the nodes that lead to nowhere.
Angelo Codevilla|The point of Political Correctness is not and has never been merely about any of the items that it imposes, but about the imposition itself. (The Rise of Political Correctness)
Sarah Vowell, The Wordy Shipmates|The goal of using our voice is not just to be noticed, but with humility to gracefully be fully present in relationships. Deferring to another person does not require that we be ignored; allowing that is cowardice. Hiding, a form of dishonesty, prevents true community.
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, though all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last.
Walter C. Kaiser Jr., Mission in the Old Testament: Israel as a Light to the Nations|God desires that we be like living signs of the kingdom, to provide visual aids of what life will look like one day when the kingdom is here fully. We will not bring the Kingdom or build the kingdom, but our privilege is to live out previews of “coming attractions,” revealing what this Kingdom will look like.
Eric Flint, The Philosophical Strangler|You are unfortunate in my judgment, for you have never been unfortunate. You have passed through life with no antagonist to face you; no one will know what you were capable of, not even you yourself.
Charbel Tadros|I’m going to tell you something that will make you very happy: your god is the one true god. Just remember, I am telling this to everyone… and I mean it.
C.J. Milbrandt, Into the Hills: A Zane Johns Adventure|They say that to live in the Wilds, you have to be half-wild yourself. Or at least very brave. And Zane is both.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|Lord Peter was hampered in his career as a private detective by a public school education. Despite Parker's admonitions, he was not always able to discount it. His mind had been warped in its young growth by "Raffles" and "Sherlock Holmes," or the sentiments for which they stand. He belonged to a family which had never shot a fox. 'I am an amateur,' said Lord Peter
Auliq-Ice|Fear the lion, fear the crocodile, but fear most the one that puts on the inevitable wear called the human flesh.
Jane Yolen, The Books of Great Alta|Well,' the Goddess said, 'your heart didn't heal straight the last time it broke. So we'll break it again and reset it so it heals straight this time.
Wendy Moore, Wedlock|Having lost and regained her freedom in the most extraordinary circumstances over the course of her remarkable lifetime, few could have set a higher price on the value of liberty. And yet, as she was well aware, it was only through the fundamental principles of justice that her liberty had finally been secured.
John Dewey|As long as politics is the shadow of big business, the attenuation of the shadow will not change the substance.
Irène Némirovsky, Suite Française|...because all happiness is contagious, and disarms the spirit of hatred.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|How could we forget those ancient myths that stand at the beginning of all races, the myths about dragons that at the last moment are transformed into princesses? Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage.
Apostle Tavonga Vutabwashe|One of the reasons why most relationships struggle is because we salute the problem more than standing besides our loved ones. We honor the problem, glorify it, magnify it and worship it, until it breaks the relationship apart. If we honored our loved ones more than the problem, forgiveness will not be a struggle.
Nyrae Dawn, Searching for Beautiful|The salty, slightly stagnant smell of the marsh filled my nose. On the other side of the bed, a French door opened to what looked like the balcony. The curtain was drawn but a silhouette moved outside the gauzy white veil.
John Berridge|When we first come to faith in Christ, we often think it was simply of our own choosing. Only later do we realize we would have never taken that step of faith apart from His grace drawing us near to Him.
Frances Wright|A member must say that he is a member of the Unification Church and that he is the follower of Sun Myung Moon. If he doesn't have the courage to say it, he is not worthy of me.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|Be Generous with your Kindness, Compassion & Forgiveness.
John   Kramer, Blythe|It was no accident that one of the first things God asked of Adam was for him to name the animals he saw around him. Why do you suppose God asked man to do that? Because once you have a name, you have the beginning of understanding, and once you have understanding, you lose fear. God didn’t want man to be fearful. He wanted man to be brave.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Not even a book on prosperity can prosper you, when what is expected of you is given, your time won't be wasted.
Ricardo Montalban|I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love.
Marie-Louise von Franz, Number and Time: Reflections Leading Towards a Unification of Psychology and Physics|Numbers, furthermore as archetypal structural constants of the collective unconscious, possess a dynamic, active aspect which is especially important to keep in mind. It is not what we can do with numbers but what they do to our consciousness that is essential.
Samuel R. Delany|Science does not limit itself merely to what is currently verifiable. But it is interested in questions that are potentially verifiable (or, rather, falsifiable).
George Matthew Adams|My dear Mama, you are definitely the hen who hatched a famous duck.
Tahar ben Jelloun|The little queen’s mother and father had said that she would live on, for a long time, and that her tears would magnify the life around her forever more, but they had not explained how she should go about going on.
Tana French, In the Woods|I had learned early to assume something dark and lethal hidden at the heart of anything I loved. When I couldn't find it, I responded, bewildered and wary, in the only way I knew how: by planting it there myself.
Pat Cunningham Devoto, Out of the Night That Covers Me|No matter how much he talked, she never answered him, but he knew she was still there. He knew it was like the soldiers he had read about. They would have an arm or a leg blown off, and for days, even weeks after it happened, they could still feel the arm itching, the leg itching, the mother calling.
Farshad Asl|Life is not about possessions, it is about purpose, perseverance and passion.
Nicholas Sparks, True Believer|A good marriage, like any partnership, meant subordinating one's own needs to that of the other's, in the expectation that the other will do the same.
Joseph P. Kennedy III|I'm an artist. So if acting doesn't work out, which I hope it does, I'm probably going to go into graphic design or something like that.
Scarlett Brukett|If you want the world to be loving and peaceful , I'll give you my heart and soul. For the heart is a symbol of truth and caring
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|One of my colleagues in Duke, Ralph Keeney, noted that America's top killer isn't cancer or heart disease, nor is it smoking or obesity. It's our inability to make smart choices and overcome our own self-destructive behaviours. Ralph estimates that about half of us will make a lifestyle decision that will ultimately lead us to an early grave. And as if this were not bad enough, it seems that the rate at which we make these deadly decisions is increasing at an alarming pace. I suspect that over the next few decades, real improvements in life expectancy and quality are less likely to be driven by medical technology than by improved decision making. Since focusing on long-term benefits is not our natural tendency, we need to more carefully examine the cases in which we repeatedly fail, and try to come up with some remedies for these situations. For an overweight movie loved, the key might be to enjoy watching a film while walking on the treadmill. The trick is to find the right behavioural antidote for each problem. By pairing something that we love with something that we dislike but that is good for us, we might be able to harness desire with outcome - and thus overcome some of the problems with self-control we face every day.
Carlos Wallace|It is true that for many aged saints, gray hair and a good head go hand in hand. But for others, far too many others, length of life only entrenches stubbornness, irritability, and careless ways of thinking and living. Life experience may increase inevitably with age, but without some long-term pattern of receptivity and intentionality, multiplied experiences will only create more confusion than clarity.
Gerry Spence, How to Argue & Win Every Time: At Home, At Work, In Court, Everywhere, Everyday|Lies are like cockroaches, for every one you discover there are many more that are hidden.
Kendal Rob|I don't know whether it is beautiful or sad, that I find such blissful happiness within the confines of my own mind, more so than I do in the reality that surrounds me.
Aaron Copland|To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.
Nalini Singh, Silver Silence|Children were huge, wild creatures full of promise and hope and dirt and mischief.
Michael  Puttonen, Disrupter|The Constitution was framed in order to form a more perfect union, not to establish mass confusion.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|No matter how great you are at what you do, as long as you remain known only within your own family circles, then you and your talent will die in obscurity and irrelevance. Position yourself to influence the masses by having a media, marketing and communication strategy.
Jamie Scallion, Having It : Volume 2|When sober, which he hadn’t been for well over a week, Burt thought about Double B, and what it might be like to be a real father, to wake up with him in the morning, to watch him grow, to get to know the little soul.”Book 2 “Having it
Richie Norton|Accepting that life is insane, that bad things happen to good people and that you can find the courage to be grateful for the good in every situation and still move forward is hard (even terrifying), but heroic.
Anaïs Nin|I reserve the right to love many different people at once, and to change my prince often.
Debasish Mridha|To win peace, fight with love not with violence.
John Cleese|One of our professors described a lecture as 'a mystical process by which the notes on the pad of the lecturer pass on to the pad of the student, without passing through the mind of either'.
Twilight Princess|Those who do not know the danger of wielding power will, before long, be ruled by it.
James Arminius, The Works of James Arminius, Volume 2|There are no gods, we are told, so I must make my own salvation.
Elder Paisios of the Holy Mountain|The person who has trust in divine justice is neither upset when treated unfairly, nor seeks his justice; on the contrary, he accepts the false accusations as if they were true, and does not try to convince others that he has been slandered; instead he asks to be forgiven...
Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter|One of my pet peeves was when an adult imagined they had to encapsulate Life for you, hand you Life in a jar, in an eyedropper, in a penguin paperweight full of snow-A Collector's Dream.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|He'd call me false and faithless and I've always had a weakness for those two words; next to cruel, they're the nicest words for a woman to hear, and not so hard to earn.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|John F. Kennedy "is, in reality, a deeply serious man, reflective in his mental habits, historically minded, and given to seeing men and nations and events in the sobering context that history provides.As a human being, he is often humorous, easily bored by total routine but open to all fresh experiences, careless of the superficialities of life, warmly loyal to his friends, and oddly detached about himself. His most curious trait, in fact, is his way of discussing his most vital affairs with the dry humor and cool analytical remoteness that most people reserve for the affairs of others. – Joseph Alsop
Debasish Mridha|The more you smile, the more reasons you will find to smile.
Naomi Wolf|The more legal and material hindrances women have broken through, the more strictly and heavily and cruelly images of female beauty have come to weigh upon us...During the past decade, women breached the power structure; meanwhile, eating disorders rose exponentially and cosmetic surgery became the fastest-growing specialty...pornography became the main media category, ahead of legitimate films and records combined, and thirty-three thousand American women told researchers that they would rather lose ten to fifteen pounds than achieve any other goal...More women have more money and power and scope and legal recognition than we have ever had before; but in terms of how we feel about ourselves physically, we may actually be worse off than our unliberated grandmothers.
Caleb Cushing|George Tenet has been the director of central intelligence since 1997, time enough to have changed the Agency's culture. He has failed. He should go.
sunny jassi|if someone gets jealous from you,that the sign of your progress
Andrena Sawyer|There are two types of limitations: those others place on us, and those we place on ourselves. One is more subtle. Both are equally dangerous.
China Miéville, The Scar|In time, in time they tell me, I'll not feel so bad. I don't want time to heal me. There's a reason I'm like this.I want time to set me ugly and knotted with loss of you, marking me. I won't smooth you away.I can't say goodbye.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|We all dream of being exactly what we are – powerful, beautiful, and worthy.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|Love alters all. Unblood my instinct, love.
Debasish Mridha|Dream, dare and discover.Care, share and inspire.
Brit Bennett|Old is the tree and the fruit good,Very old and thick the wood.Woodman, is your courage stout?Beware! the root is wrapped aboutYour mother's heart, your father's bones;And like the mandrake comes with groans.
RVM|Play More, Pray More; Get More, Give More…Live More! -RVM
Jason Fried|Being in ballet class, being on the stage, being surrounded by my peers at American Ballet Theater every day, keeps me so humble and grounded. Being in ballet class, I feel, is like this meditation for me every morning.
Kiersten White, Endlessly|Lea, you know you should never have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
Dick Dale|Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|Friends are won through personal contact, but admirers are won through their contact with our works
David Bailey|The story of John Nash is an amazing, powerful journey. But as unique as this man is, his story is also very accessible because it is so heartbreakingly human.
Ehsan Sehgal|Spirituality is a magnet, and the magnet affects iron, not the wood or stone. Similarly, faith and devotion are iron, who has that, spirituality touches the believer, not an unbeliever.
David Lehman|The first draught serveth for health, the second for pleasure, the third for shame, and the fourth for madness.
Robin Sacredfire|When we experience a new adventure, it changes us; thus, adventure is the link between who we were, and who we are destined to become.
Vincent Van Gogh|Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.
Jonathan Dimbleby|In the Seventies, my children played in the street, read politically incorrect stories, ate home-cooked food and occasional junk and, yes, were sometimes smacked.
Daniele Lanzarotta, Sudden Hope|...to the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world’. You’re one of the lucky ones. You’re the world to far more people than you think.
Rita Ora|There's a fine line between angry and grumpy. Angry isn't nice, but grumpy is funny.
Lorraine Loria, Wild about Manners|That's when I remember if you have a choice, always ask friends to leave in a very nice voice.
Debasish Mridha|We seek salvation through religion. But more often than not, religion fills our head with hatred and empties our heart of love.
James B. Willard|Mary-Love liked to see herself as the family cornucopia, dispensing all manner of good things, unstintingly, unceasingly. She considered herself amply rewarded by her children's gratitude, and if she perceived that her children were not sufficiently grateful, she could make something of that, too.
Samantha A. Cole, Leather & Lace|I imagine you taste like honey,” Tyler murmured. “And when I slide my tongue between your legs, I’ll lose myself in the sweetness of you. I want to watch your face as the orgasm builds inside you. I want to feel you tremble beneath me. And when you finally explode, I want to hold you in my arms and let my kisses pull you back together.
Eoin Colfer, The Lost Colony|GIRLS OF THE WORLD, UNITE AND TAKE OVER! GROOVY ALL FEMALE WORLD NOW!!
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|When I lost my son, I became a citizen of a country I never knew existed.
J.M. Campos, The Wall And The Abyss|Are you afraid a demon has escaped Hell in order to descend upon the Venetians?""I think there are a few who'd deserve it, but I'm also a man of science, and I believe that we all carry our own private infernos inside ourselves."-Conversation between Majid and Mathias
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Sometimes there is that one person who "gets" you,whom you can talk to about anything,you can be yourself around them,you have that connection,be in the same room without saying anything but the silence is the sweetest sound you ever heard lol...To call each other friends sounds too ordinary and detached,to call each other boyfriend and girlfriend sounds rehearsed and whats expected...its something in between,it has no name...Its only felt
Kierra C.T. Banks|If perception is limited by experience and knowledge, what deems my actions “correct” or my thoughts as moral?
Matthew Woodring Stover|Darkness is a knife that peels away the rind of what you think you know about yourself. The shades of your pretenses, the tones of your illusions, the layers of deception that glaze your life into the colors that tint your world–all mean nothing in the darkness. No one can see them, not even you.Darkness hides everything except who you really are
Calvin Coolidge|Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.
Pamela Cummins, Learn the Secret Language of Dreams|Loving and working relationships bring so much joy into our lives! We need to work on our relationships like a garden; toiling the soil for a solid foundation, planting the seeds to slowly grow into a flower, daily water and weeding to maintain growth, and making adjustments when the relationship is in full bloom. Sadly, there are times when the plot of land dries up, nothing will grow, and it’s time to move on. Our dreams of the nighttime can be used as maintenance in all our relationships.
Paulo Coelho|Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly.
M. R. Carey|But if you wish, you can imagine that the Shadow does wait for your return and that it does remember everything that has gone before and that it doesn’t let you accept yourself as perfect until you let it. There is truth in that. That is why a child usually cries as soon as it’s born. With its first breath, the Shadow returns.
Akshay Vasu|Tell me about those days, when you stood on a thin line between dreams and reality, watching it get disappear slowly. All of a sudden there is no difference between both. And you get tore apart into nothingness. Where your mind always asked you to be awake, scared of being haunted by dreams and your heart asked you always to fall asleep, to escape from the hands of reality, because it haunted you too.
Derric Yuh Ndim|The only way to watch paid TV from the comfort of your room isby subscribing to a paid TV service. In the same way, the only wayto change your level of financial success ‘permanently’ is to subscribeand keep upgrading your financial mind-set. But it is your decisionwhether you choose to change or not.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|That is how I experience life, as apocalypse and cataclysm. Each day brings an increasing inability in myself to make the smallest gesture, even to imagine myself confronting clear, real situations.The presence of others - always such an unexpected event for the soul - grows daily more painful and distressing. Talking to others makes me shudder. If they show any interest in me, I flee. If they look at me, I tremble.I am constantly on the defensive. Life and other people bruise me. I can't look reality in the eye. The sun itself leaves me feeling discouraged and desolate.
Bruce Springsteen|Life is a battle between faith and reason in which each feeds upon the other, drawing sustenance from it and destroying it.
Edith Södergran, Poems 1916|I live on in the sweetness of old dayswith strangers who build new dwellingson blue hills up to the edge of the sky,I talk softly with the captured treesand comfort them sometimes.How slowly time consumes the core of things,and soundlessly treads fate’s heavy heel.
Hassan Nasrallah, Voice of Hezbollah: The Statements of Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah|If we stopped calling it profiling and started calling it "proactive intelligence screening" or "high alert detecting", people would be saying "Well, it's about time".
Busy Philipps|My wedding won't be a hush-hush affair. When I get married, everyone will get to know about it... there'll be nothing speculative about my wedding.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|You can have some, but not all. Wanting to have it all is a sure recipe for disaster
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|We seldom know what we're hearing when we hear something for the first time, but one thing is certain: we hear as we will never hear it again. We return to the moment to experience it, I suppose, but we can never really find it, only its memory, the faintest imprint of what it really was, what it meant.
Geoffrey Wood, Leaper: The Misadventures of a Not-Necessarily-Super Hero|Your suffering only matters if it connects you to the suffering of others, if it heals them too.
Joss Whedon|I walk. I talk. I shop. I sneeze. I'm gonna be a fireman when the floods roll back. There's trees in the desert since you moved out, and I don't sleep on a bed of bones.
Greg Sestero, The Disaster Artist: My Life Inside The Room, the Greatest Bad Movie Ever Made|Do you feel something when you touch a tree, when you sit on a field of grass, when you put your hand inside the water in the river, when you look at the sky during the day and during night, when the wind blows at us, when you look at your fellow human beings and animals and see a vast universe in them....When you stand in the middle of nowhere and feel life,if whenever you do any of these actions and you feel tingling up your chest then be glad.Very few people feel it today in this fast life..... You are a very special kind of a human being who is not caged.Make sure you don't forget to feel.
Danny Wallace, Yes Man|Responsibility is the thing people dread the most of all. Yet it is the one thing in the world that develops us, gives us manhood or womanhood fiber.
Brian D. McLaren, Why Did Jesus, Moses, the Buddha, and Mohammed Cross the Road?: Christian Identity in a Multi-Faith World|We must not define Jesus and his kingdom by fitting them within conventional understandings of kings and kingdoms. Rather, we must judge and deconstruct those conventional definitions in light of Jesus and his example.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Sometimes I think depression should be called the coping illness. So many of us struggle on, not daring or knowing how to ask for help. More of us, terribly, go undiagnosed.
William Faulkner, Light in August|And even a liar can be scared into telling the truth, same as honest man can be tortured into telling a lie.
Hideki Tojo|If something is said about the Raiders, I'm ready to go to war.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|He wanted to crumple her up and toss her from his mind like a scrap piece of paper filled with nonsensical doodles or dissonant words that formed unbalanced rhymes. Yet, he refused throw her away.
Meg Cabot, Insatiable|My problem wasn’t that he was a vamp, or that he was gay. I didn’t like him because he was a politician.
charlotte brönte|I can live alone, if self-respect, and circumstances require me so to do.  I need not sell my soul to buy bliss.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won-some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it-but something to carry doggedly through everything.
Luis Carlos Montalván, Until Tuesday: A Wounded Warrior and the Golden Retriever Who Saved Him|The dogs brought it all back to, you know, to the human side.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Gradually, he fell into that deep tranquil sleep which ease from recent suffering alone imparts; that calm and peaceful rest which it is pain to wake from. Who, if this were death, would be roused again to all the struggles and turmoils of life; to all its cares for the present; its anxieties for the future; more than all, its weary recollections of the past!
Aziz Hamza, Eterlimus|If the gods chose Sextus as King of Rome, the worst possible evil will befall it
Chai Jing|I don't walk into the lab in the morning thinking, 'I am a woman, and I will carry out an experiment that will conquer the world.' I am a scientist, not male or female. A scientist.
Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See|Fiordland, a vast tract of mountainous terrain that occupies the south-west corner of South Island, New Zealand, is one of the most astounding pieces of land anywhere on God's earth, and one's first impulse, standing on a cliff top surveying it all, is simply to burst into spontaneous applause.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I CHOOSE to live by choice not by chance, to be motivated not manipulated, to be useful not used, to make change not excuses, to excel not compete. I CHOOSE self-esteem not self pity. I choose to listen to my inner voice, NOT TO LISTEN TO THE RANDOM OPINIONS OF OTHERS.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If Christ is God, He cannot sin, and if suffering was a sin in and by itself, He could not have suffered and died for us. However, since He took the most horrific death to redeem us, He showed us in fact that suffering and pain have great power.
Nurudeen Ushawu|I never dream to become someone important for myself. The truth is that I- I really don't have a personal ambition. My ambition, my dream, it's about the people. It's all about the people. It's for the people. It's all for the people. That is my ultimate goal.
Quentin Bell|Hiking is sort of like strip poker: by the end, all the participants are hot, sweaty, and nearly naked, and the winner is the person who wore the most layers.
T. D. Jakes|For some young people, their first experience ever hearing punk rock music was playing the Green Bay Packers on 'Madden'.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Have intercourse with females, acquire wealth.
Claire Cook, Summer Blowout|There’s a difference between a mistake and a regret. Everything up to this moment has made this moment. If you can change a mistake, then go out and do what you can to change it. If you can’t change it, there’s no use regretting it because it will just make you miserable. Live right now, even if that involves dealing with the consequences of your actions. Time travel always ends badly.
Ruchira Khanna, Voyagers Into the Unknown|To be able to say "I love you", one has to be able to say "I
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|If you ask me to kiss you, I will,” he says.His fingers stroke the inside of my wrists, and I burst into flames.“Kiss me,” I say.He does.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|And, certainly to him Life itself was the first, the greatest, of the arts, and for it all the other arts seemed to be but a preparation.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|As a phenomenon, life has a beginning and ending, but life itself doesn’t. So, which one is truly me - a phenomenon that lasts only between birth and death, or life itself that underlies all phenomena?
Levon Peter Poe|I figured out when I was young that things don’t make you happy, people don’t make you happy. Only by finding that which always existed inside you will you know what happiness is. Life is transitory, we all come and go. Things are gained, lost or eventually breakdown. Having a mind and heart that fosters good will toward others, a soul that seeks to elevate itself above human designs, only then will we be able to know our TRUE SELVES. None of us are born who we are but we can become who we are meant to be.
Cole Ryan, Money: I Think We've Missed The Point|I might not have faith in many things, but I do have faith in this; that the one who sent me out will allow me to finish the mission.” -Regan
Jane Cousins, To Thrill A Thief|Props?”  She was almost afraid to ask.“Just the usual.  Stethoscope, tongue depressor... scalpel, bone saw, rib spreaders… just the normal stuff.”“Maybe in future you should ditch the props, be less Nurse Ratched and more soft porn first day on the job candy striper.”Darcy look genuinely puzzled for a brief moment. “Where would the fun be in that for me?
P.J. O'Rourke, Holidays in Hell: In Which Our Intrepid Reporter Travels to the World's Worst Places and Asks, "What's Funny About This"|You can lead a whore to culture, but you can't make her think.
Michelle Casto|The only person who is spiritually smart is the one who has learned how to learn, unlearn, and change directions instantly, and start all over again, if your soul calls for it.
Alison Croggon, The Riddle|Love is one of the true mysteries,' he said at last. 'The truest and the deepest of all. One thing, Maerad: to love is never wrong. It may be disastrous; it may never be possible; it may be the deepest agony. But it is never wrong.
Megan Frampton, Lady Be Bad|What would you do if you were a goddess, Cotswold?"Her maid, who had been pulling Eleanor's covers up the bed, stilled her motion. Her expression drew together, as though she were considering it."I suppose I would find the most handsome man in the world and make him my... my..." She waved her hand to indicate the word she shouldn't be saying."Cotswold!" Eleanor exclaimed, delightedly. "That sounds scandalous!""Wouldn't it be what you did?"Eleanor shrugged. "I was thinking more along the lines of being able to have and read all the books I wanted to."Cotswold returned to her task. "Choosing a book over a handsome man." She shook her head, mock ruefully. "And here you were wanting to do something scandalous."The honest part was, it would be scandalous.If it were possible to not be a duke's daughter and be someone else, she would choose to work in a bookshop. Not one that sold the material it seemed Lord Alexander wanted to purchase; one with fairy tales and mythological books and any kind of literature where it was just as likely a dragon would drag you off somewhere as a viscount."I just might," Eleanor said in a defiant tone, making her maid snort.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|We fight for a vision of the world that is both traditional and Faustian, that allies enrootment and disinstallation, the citizen’s freedom and imperial service to the community-as-a-people, passionate creativity and critical reason, an unshakeable loyalty and an adventurous curiosity (WWF 267)
Debasish Mridha|You're my story,you're my poetry,you're my floweryou're my deep driving desire.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, KARATE  POWER  Lethal power of Fajin|. . . the sole aim of Okinawa Karate is to teach A person to handle violence and violent individuals; whether it is tactile, mental or spiritual
Antony Gormley|If there is anyone who should not be trusted with regard to intelligence, it is Donald Trump, both in the literal sense and with regard to our intelligence services. He shouldn't have access to these briefings.
Benjamin Kilham, In the Company of Bears: What Black Bears Have Taught Me about Intelligence and Intuition|Aggression in bears can be and often is a stepping stone to friendship. Friendship and alliances frequently develop by repeated interactions, with initial aggression that lessens over time.
Jay Woodman|...notice all the many beautiful things, nature, your own soul, stuff other people do.... like help out, smile, create, dance...
Dennis Etchison, Shadows 7|He pressed bravely ahead with his story, the outlines and preliminary versions of which by now filled two thick notebooks, reorganizing, redrafting, and obsessively re-polishing lines and paragraphs with a jeweler's precision.But it was not good enough.He wanted the pages to sing with ideas that had once seemed so important to him, all and everything he knew, and yet they did not, and no amount of diligence was able to bring them to life. The story came to be a burden and weighed more heavily in his hands each time he lifted it out of the drawer. After a few weeks he was reluctant to open the desk at all.("Talking In The Dark")
Deepak Chopra, Fire in the Heart: A Spiritual Guide for Teens|It's all about you, isn't it?
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Thus Time, and all-states-ordering CeremonyHad banished all offense: Time’s golden thighUpholds the flowery body of the earthIn sacred harmony, and every birthOf men and actions makes legitimate,Being used aright. The use of time is Fate.---From “Hero and Leander, Sestiad III
Latorria Freeman, Turn My Life Around Discovering Your Purpose|With patience endurance, you can survive any storm.
Anah Crow, Uneven|Take this fucking thing off me!" he demanded. "Good morning to you too, Nick," Damian said mildly. He unlocked the door without haste and went to his office, Nick dogging his every footstep."Did you --?""I didn't touch it or myself. Take it off right now!" Nick said angrily.Damian sat down and motioned Nick closer. "We're going to have to have a talk about topping from the bottom. I don't allow that, pet.
Martin Amis|When I hit a block, regardless of what I am writing, what the subject matter is, or what's going on in the plot, I go back and I read Pablo Neruda's poetry. I don't actually speak Spanish, so I read it translation. But I always go back to Neruda. I don't know why, but it calms me, calms my brain.
Barack Obama|Significant anniversaries are solemnly commemorated - Japan's attack on the U.S. naval base at Pearl Harbor, for example.
Amit Ray, OM Sutra: The Pathway to Enlightenment|I want you to smile. I want you to truly smile today.Realize that right now you are where you need to be. And, there is no need to rush. You are on-time, you always have been and you will always be. Please keep smiling.
Mary Oliver|Sometimes I dreamthat everything in the world is here, in my room, in a great closet, named and orderly,and I am here too, in front of it, hardly able to see for the flash and the brightness—and sometimes I am that madcap person clapping my hands and singing; and sometimes I am that quiet person down on my knees.
Anne Bradstreet, The Works of Anne Bradstreet|If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."]
Anne Bartlett, Knitting|And in the act of making things, just by living their daily lives, they also make history. Knitting is clothing made in spare moments, or round the fire, whenever women gathered together... It's something to celebrate-clothes made in love and service, something women have always done.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Fear attracts the darkness. When you have no fear, the darkness fears you.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|I've heard people say that they lose themselves in a kiss. But in that moment, it was the opposite for me. I felt like I found myself. Not how I wished I was, or who I was afraid I was becoming, but who I really was.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|They must live outside class, without relations or money; they must work and stick to each other till death. But England belonged to them. That, besides companionship, was their reward. Her air and sky were theirs, not the timorous millions' who own stuffy little boxes, but never their own souls.
Ai Yazawa, NANA: The Complete Series|Tell me, Nana,If for example we had been a love couple,Would a hug have been enough to wash away my sadness?Or then; does every single being carry this loneliness, like a burden?I wans't intending to monopolizing youI just wanted you to need me.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|How is Eric?''Very tightly wound. Plus, a lot of stuff happened that he'll tell you about.''Thanks for the warning. I'll go to the house now. You're my favorite breather.''Oh. Well ... great.'She hung up.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|The cook says, ‘As a young lass, I thought nothing as important as the love of a brave and ‘andsome man; now I’m an old crone, I know full well that it is, but only when he’s moneyed enough to keep you. The young may think they can live on sweet embraces but they won’t fill your belly – or not as you may be intending at any rate!
Angie karan|Compassion Enlivens us and enhances our immune system. The more we pour out, the more we find available. ﻿
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|At the beauty of what she had stumbled onto, at the fear that something terrible would happen because she was not vigilant enough. She cried at the fear of something so good that she would not be brave enough to bear it.
Jessye Norman|The only things that are really permanent are love, family, friendship, and that is a lesson. At the end of the day, that's really what it boils down to. The rest of it is just stuff.
Le Corbusier|New York always feels more like my hometown than the places where I actually grew up (which weren't far from New York), perhaps because I did my artistic "growing up" while working in this crazy, wonderful city back in my twenties. Although I love the quieter, slower, nature-rich life I live now in the sheep-dotted hills of Devon, there are ways in which I still feel more truly myself here in New York, more than anywhere else. Even after all this time in the desert and on Dartmoor. Strange, isn't it?
Robert Irvine|At least for soccer players, it comes down to a blend of two types of fitness - your base endurance, which comes from longer distance running, and your speed, which comes from sprint-based workouts.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|You must come with me, loving me, to death; or else hate me, and still come with me.
Buddha|Sometime they don't let you know that they know that they don't know everything, but the core of the medical approach is that you try to identify pathologies, which are subsystems within the human body or the larger system that are having undesirable consequences.
Willis Turner|As regards the extraordinary prizes, the element of luck is the determining factor.
Jeanette Winterson|Too much of anything can make you sick,even the good can be a curse - Cheryl Cole
Kit Alloway, Dreamfever|‪Rain is not a seasonal change, it’s a feeling that brings back ‪Memories!
Cynthia Lord, Rules|Just because other people think something, that doesn't make it true.Maybe there's some truth in that, but it's unsatisfying, bitter-tasting truth.
Glenn Greenwald|I understood that synergistic dance between photographer and object - 'muse,' if you will, 'model,' whatever you call us. It's that silent language of communication, like being psychic with each other.
