Nick Kroll|In any relationship, when you go through any big change, you struggle to find your new constellation, your new ground. It takes a while to determine what the new relationship between you is.
Jessica Holt|Darling, i wish someone would realize im not happy. im alone and in pain because of you leaving me and never coming home. im nothng compared to you but i feel like im everything better than you. im sick of you and your judgement and you knowing exactly nothing about me at all. so tell me why should i i get know who you really are when your the person who need to get to know me?
Marcel Proust|All the objects which he contemplated with as much curiosity and admiration as gratitude, for if, in absorbing his dreams, they had delivered him from an obsession, they themselves were, in turn, enriched by the absorption; they shewed him the palpable realisation of his fancies, and they interested his mind; they took shape and grew solid before his eyes, and at the same time they soothed his troubled heart.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Always follow your bliss; bliss is heavenly. Life will be divinely beautiful and grow spiritually. Life will be beautiful, peaceful, blissful, and divine.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Developing and having a positive outlook is never a coincidence; it’s a choice. You can choose to look horrible or admirable; that is no business of another person. The mind is the distillery, where all choices are brewed.
pavankumarguptha|Time makes you to run from it so,be quick at your decisions you decide
Sunday Adelaja|What is my business in this? Oh yea, it is my business. It is not just my business, it is my calling.
Tim Yarbrough|Don’t quit, and don’t give up. The reward is just around the corner. And in times of doubt or times of joy, listen for that still, small voice. Know that God has been there from the beginning—and he will be there until . . . The End.
Milan Kundera|Customs do not concern themselves with right or wrong or reason. But they have to be obeyed; one reasons all around them until he is tired, but he must not transgress them, it is sternly forbidden.
Thomas   Moore|1My father says a hunch is your brain’s way of taking a short cut to the truth,’ replied Max.‘He’s a wise man, your father. What else does he say?’‘That the more you try to hide from the truth, the quicker it finds you.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|As an artist suffering from insomnia and working from my apartment, I had an artistic freedom to explore and create awesome stuff. I wore a robe and slippers as my work dress code. These are the days when creativity is my best imaginary friend. And I was crazy enough to create what people would call masterpieces.
H.P. Lovecraft, Selected Letters III: 1929-1931|Horror itself is a bit of a bullied genre, the antagonist being literary snobbery and public misconception. And I think good horror tackles our darkest fears, whatever they may be. It takes us into the minds of the victims, explores the threats, disseminates fear, studies how it changes us. It pulls back the curtain on the ugly underbelly of society, tears away the masks the monsters wear out in the world, shows us the potential truth of the human condition. Horror is truth, unflinching and honest. Not everybody wants to see that, but good horror ensures that it's there to be seen.
Patricia Highsmith|People may think of Southern humor in terms of missing teeth and outhouse accidents, but the best of it is a rich vein running through the best of Southern literature.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|Perhaps there has been, at some point in history, some great power whose elevation was exempt from the violent exploitation of other human bodies. If there has been, I have yet to discover it. But this banality of violence can never excuse America, because America makes no claim to the banal. America believes itself exceptional, the greatest and noblest nation ever to exist, a lone champion standing between the white city of democracy and the terrorists, despots, barbarians, and other enemies of civilization. One cannot, at once, claim to be superhuman and then plead mortal error. I propose to take our countrymen's claims of American exceptionalism seriously, which is to say I propose subjecting our country to an exceptional moral standard. This is difficult because there exists, all around us, an apparatus urging us to accept American innocence at face value and not to inquire too much. And it is so easy to look away, to live with the fruits of our history and to ignore the great evil done in all of our names.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|HOMICIDE, n. The slaying of one human being by another. There arefour kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, andpraiseworthy, but it makes no great difference to the person slainwhether he fell by one kind or another -- the classification is foradvantage of the lawyers.
Samuel Beckett, Murphy|As it is with the love of the body, so with the friendship of the mind, the full is only reached by admittance to the most retired places.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|a true leader must be able to command with an iron fist, not just a humble heart.
Olawale Daniel|You ain't get nothing for staying low, lazy. The world only tremble at the feet of the few craziest doers ever lived.
Sydney Pollack|A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|The trouble with psychics is that they convince you that you get this future no matter what you do. It is as though you can cheat the universe out of your experiences, that you need only tweak something here or there to live happily ever after. It allows for spiritual sloth in the certainty of providence.
Dada Bhagwan|One can become ‘Embodiment of Love’ [Prem Swaroop], only when there is no my-ness [mamata].
Harry Shearer|If absolute power corrupts absolutely, does absolute powerlessness make you pure?
Roland Merullo, Breakfast with Buddha|What difference makes what you believe? What happens will happen anyway, exactly the same, no matter what you believe. What you do makes the important part. What you do.
Jordan Belfort|When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.
Katie Heaney, Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date|Like most little girls, I found the lure of grown-up accessories astonishing - lipstick, perfume, hats and gloves. When I write female characters in my historical novels, getting these details right is vital.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|My mother was good at that, making people feel normal. Safe. Like as long as she was there, nothing truly bad could happen.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|My dear Mrs Casaubon," said Farebrother, smiling gently at her ardour, "character is not cut in marble - it is not something solid and unalterable. It is something living and changing, and may become diseased as our bodies do.""Then it may be rescued and healed," said Dorothea.
Randa Manning-Johnson|Most are constantly asking for more, but with that comes more responsibility and most aren't willing to or able to handle that. Greatness comes at a cost and requires an investment. If you don't want the work.... you don't want the prize.
Ahmed Ali Anjum|Don’t jump to—”“I’m not,” Dekka said. “But if that’s what it is, if it’s those things, I’m going to ask you to take care of me.”“We’ve been over this,” Sam said, pulling his hand away.“If I tell you it’s time, you do it, okay, Sam?”He couldn’t answer.“I’m not afraid to die,” Dekka said.
Billy Graham, Hope for Each Day: Words of Wisdom and Faith|Some people have a warped idea of living the Christian life. Seeing talented, successful Christians, they attempt to imitate them. For them, the grass on the other side of the fence is always greener. But when they discover that their own gifts are different or their contributions are more modest (or even invisible), they collapse in discouragement and overlook genuine opportunities that are open to them. They have forgotten that they are here to serve Christ, not themselves.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|(Ivan) Hold your tongue, or I'll kill you!(The devil) You'll kill me? No, excuse me, I will speak. I came to treat myself to that pleasure. Oh, I love the dreams of my ardent young friends, quivering with eagerness for life! 'There are new men,' you decided last spring, when you were meaning to come here, 'they propose to destroy everything and begin with cannibalism. Stupid fellows! they didn't ask my advice! I maintain that nothing need be destroyed, that we only need to destroy the idea of God in man, that's how we have to set to work. It's that, that we must begin with. Oh, blind race of men who have no understanding! As soon as men have all of them denied God -- and I believe that period, analogous with geological periods, will come to pass -- the old conception of the universe will fall of itself without cannibalism, and, what's more, the old morality, and everything will begin anew. Men will unite to take from life all it can give, but only for joy and happiness in the present world. Man will be lifted up with a spirit of divine Titanic pride and the man-god will appear. From hour to hour extending his conquest of nature infinitely by his will and his science, man will feel such lofty joy from hour to hour in doing it that it will make up for all his old dreams of the joys of heaven. Everyone will know that he is mortal and will accept death proudly and serenely like a god. His pride will teach him that it's useless for him to repine at life's being a moment, and he will love his brother without need of reward. Love will be sufficient only for a moment of life, but the very consciousness of its momentariness will intensify its fire, which now is dissipated in dreams of eternal love beyond the grave'... and so on and so on in the same style. Charming!Ivan sat with his eyes on the floor, and his hands pressed to his ears, but he began trembling all over. The voice continued.(The devil) The question now is, my young thinker reflected, is it possible that such a period will ever come? If it does, everything is determined and humanity is settled for ever. But as, owing to man's inveterate stupidity, this cannot come about for at least a thousand years, everyone who recognises the truth even now may legitimately order his life as he pleases, on the new principles. In that sense, 'all things are lawful' for him. What's more, even if this period never comes to pass, since there is anyway no God and no immortality, the new man may well become the man-god, even if he is the only one in the whole world, and promoted to his new position, he may lightheartedly overstep all the barriers of the old morality of the old slaveman, if necessary. There is no law for God. Where God stands, the place is holy. Where I stand will be at once the foremost place... 'all things are lawful' and that's the end of it! That's all very charming; but if you want to swindle why do you want a moral sanction for doing it? But that's our modern Russian all over. He can't bring himself to swindle without a moral sanction. He is so in love with truth-.
Robertson Davies, The Manticore|Now I want you to remember something because I don't think we shall meet again very soon. It is this; however fashionable despair about the world and about people may be at present, and however powerful despair may become in the future, not everybody, or even most people, think and live fashionably; virtue and honour will not be banished from the world, however many popular moralists and panicky journalists say so. Sacrifice will not cease to be because psychiatrists have popularized the idea that there is often some concealed, self-serving element in it; theologians always knew that. Nor do I think love as a high condition of honour will be lost; it is a pattern in the spirit, and people long to make the pattern a reality in their own lives, whatever means they take to do so. In short, Davey, God is not dead. And I can assure you God is not mocked.
WD Furioso|Church may be primarily for believers, but the gospel is for all people.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|Be not another, if you can be yourself. 
Nancy McKeon|Olympism is a philosophy which, by blending sport with culture, seeks to create a way of life based on the joy found in effort, the educational value of good example and respect for universal ethical principles.
Frida Kahlo|It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Aw, man. I’d just shot an angel in the face.I made my way into the foyer and sat down on the stairs. I glanced up at the big old grandfather clock. It was going on ten. My folks would be home soon.“How was your evening, honey?”“Killed an angel.”“Well, isn’t that nice.”That wasn’t happening. Daddy never liked guns in the first place, Mother just pretended to. I was so grounded.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|I understand that you come from a generation of women who had to work hard to be heard, but for you to impugn my feminism and act as though I'm a scourge upon women everywhere, just because I refuse to spread your particular agenda? That's dark, and it's not what you fought for. If you continue this way, you're worse than they are (they = men). We are all just trying to get by. There is room for all of us.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|He stroked her hair gently as he said, “You challenge me like no one ever has, like no one has ever dared. It’s frustrating…” he kissed her lips chastely, “…but also refreshing. And sometimes it even turns me on a little.
Édouard Levé|You used to believe that with age you would become less unhappy, because you then would have reasons to be sad. When you were still young, your suffering was inconsolable because you believed it to be unfounded. Your suicide was scandalously beautiful…You died because you searched for happiness at the risk of finding the void. We shall have to wait for death before we can know what it is that you found. Or before leaving off knowing anything at all, if it is to be silence and emptiness that awaits us.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|The thing about memories wasn't that many of them inevitably faded, but that repeated recall of the ones you remembered burnished them into shining, gorgeous lies
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|Grief can destroy you—or focus you. You can decide a relationship was all for nothing if it had to end in death, and you alone. Or you can realize that every moment of it had more meaning than you dared to recognize at the time, so much meaning it scared you, so you just lived, just took for granted the love and laughter of each day, and didn’t allow yourself to consider the sacredness of it. But when it’s over and you’re alone, you begin to see it wasn’t just a movie and a dinner together, not just watching sunsets together, not just scrubbing a floor or washing dishes together or worrying over a high electric bill. It was everything, it was the why of life, every event and precious moment of it. The answer to the mystery of existence is the love you shared sometimes so imperfectly, and when the loss wakes you to the deeper beauty of it, to the sanctity of it, you can’t get off your knees for a long time, you’re driven to your knees not by the weight of the loss but by gratitude for what preceded the loss. “And the ache is always there, but one day not the emptiness, because to nurture the emptiness, to take solace in it, is to disrespect the gift of life.
Nick Ortner, The Tapping Solution: A Revolutionary System for Stress-Free Living|Under chronic stress, your body is more apt to enter a state of dis-ease. Unable to achieve its natural balance, it can’t function the way it should. The ripple effects can be profound. And yet Western medicine has trained us to focus on symptomsrather than root causes like stress. Page 71
Ludwig Wittgenstein|There is a truth in Schopenhauer’s view that philosophy is an organism, and that a book on philosophy, with a beginning and end, is a sort of contradiction. ... In philosophy matters are not simple enough for us to say ‘Let’s get a rough idea’, for we do not know the country except by knowing the connections between the roads.
Tim Farrington|I think the best fiction is about the absolute irrepressibility of love in the face of every circumstance to the contrary. Even in someone as dark, on the face of it, as Faulkner often is, there is that unquenchable glimmer...."Grace will ever find a way." I don't think fiction has to be hokey, or end up hitting you on the head with positivity, to be life affirming. I think all we have to do is go on down to the bottom of the truth and hang out there in the dark for a bit, with nowhere to go but up, and grace will find a way.
Howard Pyle, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood|It's been long since thinking humanity has learnt that love is a majestic creation of the brain, yet that knowledge hasn't made love be deemed any less glorious. Then why should it threaten the religious believer to learn that divinity as well is a natural creation of the brain?
Tish Thawer, Scent of a White Rose|Elizabeth's fingers slipped around my arm. She stepped forward, her fangs flashing. My breath caught, but not in fear.Damn Tiffany and her vampire-bite addiction. I shoved the reaction away just in time for Elizabeth's fangs to break skin.Warmth rushed up my arm, the blaze filling my body, my mind. On my other side, Tatius's hand on my arm was like a cool oasis. I groped for his fingers, locking mine around his, pressing the long side of my body along his, and the fire in my body calmed enough I could still see, still think.Cool.
Debasish Mridha|Every birthday comes with a great purpose and without our knowledge, it makes us wiser.
Matthew C. Harrison, A Little Book on Joy: The Secret of Living a Good News Life in a Bad News World|I miss the honor of serving as a parish pastor. There is nothing quite like it. The most challenging aspect of the job is that you just can't please everybody all the time, no matter how hard you try. But the greatest honor of the office, from my perspective, is being invited into the lives of people at their very best moments and at their very worst moments.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|Maybe it's because I was an only child, but I've always wanted kids.
Diane Mandt Langberg, Counseling Survivors of Sexual Abuse|To take such a complex creature, on who was meant for God and is destroyed by sin, and attempt to understand how the development of that creature can be affected by hideous trauma is to attempt the impossible.
Lennart Nilsson|And my real enemy is not to hold the specimen sterile, but it's the lighting. The light is our real enemy. So we have to work with very very poor lighting. But we can increase the light with computers.
Michael Byer|I was drunk but not drunk enough to say what I wanted, that we don't live our lives so much as come to them, as different people and things collect mysteriously around us.
Jack Kilby|Yes, I was a big math and computer geek, that's true. I was driven by the scholastic side of things. For me, it was all about what I could do with math and computers.
Alice Hoffman, Skylight Confessions|It was amazing how many colors there were, all running into the gutter in a stream: a dozen shades of blue, twenty different reds, and all that black soot, like a nightmare given form, the insides of a heart, destroyed so easily, done away with before anyone could stop the damage, or salvage what was lost, or even try to save him.
Jajabor, দৃষ্টিপাত|সহজ হওয়ার মধ্যেই আছে কালচারের পরিচয়, আড়ম্বরের মধ্যে আছে দম্ভের। সে-দম্ভ কখনও অর্থের, কখনো বিদ্যার, কখনও-বা প্রতিপত্তির।
Robert Cormier, The Chocolate War|Sometimes it’s the mistakes that turn out to be thebest parts of life,
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|People have to snatch at happiness when they can, in this world. It is always easier to lose than to find...
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Title: What Can a Thoughtful Man Hope for Mankind on Earth, Given the Experience of the Past Million Years? Only verse: Nothing.
Karl A. Bacon, Until Shiloh Comes|She was as lovely as ever, my Jessie Anne. I paused for a moment, taking her beauty in, laying up this vision of her in the deepest and most secret place of my mind, allowing the sight of her to renew my spirit. I stepped slowly down to the platform, never allowing my gaze to drift from her. Jessie Anne was looking toward the front of the car, and it was a moment or two before she turned and spotted me.The bright and hopeful smile I had so expected and longed for darkened, just for a moment to be sure, but long enough for me to recognize a fleeting glimpse of shock and anguish, possibly of horror. No longer did she see the man she had known, the man she had given her life to. No, she saw me for the man I truly was, the man with blood on his hands.
Terry Pratchett|I always try to improve, to find new ways of expressing myself, to keep looking for truth and originality.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|My mother, my psychiatrist and an assortment of sedatives eventually convinced me I was delusional.
Dada Bhagwan|Gnani’ [the enlightened one] is He who gives proof of whatever He says. He would not say, ‘All that I have said is correct; you will have to accept it’.
Robert Graves, I, Claudius|I was thinking, "So, I’m Emperor, am I? What nonsense! But at least I'll be able to make people read my books now.
Mr. T|However spontaneous I hope a photograph will look, I always put a lot of thought into how I can make it happen. The very best pictures are the most relaxed, so a lot of fussing around technically can completely break the spell, and everyone freezes up with nerves.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|O Divine Poesy, goddess, daughter of Zeus, sustain for me this song of the various-minded man who, after he had plundered the innermost citadel of hallowed Troy, was made to stay grievously about the coasts of men, the sport of their customs, good and bad, while his heart, through all the sea-faring, ached with an agony to redeem himself and bring his company safe home. Vain hope – for them. The fools! Their own witlessness cast them aside. To destroy for meat the oxen of the most exalted Sun, wherefore the Sun-god blotted out the day of their return. Make this tale live for us in all its many bearings, O Muse.” – from Homer’s Odyssey, translation by T.E. Lawrence (Lawrence of Arabia)
Davee Jones|Faith is belief without proof. Faith is fine, but don't call it science.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the pursuit of knowledge, we know God, the source of knowledge and wisdom.
Mandi Lynn, Essence|His life was focused on each single day. For him each night meant a void, a grave, extinction. The capacity to lay oneself down to die at the end of every day, without thinking anything of it, was something he had not yet acquired.
Debasish Mridha|To know the world, know yourself.
Kevin McCloud|Rio is an energetic, vibrant place, full of beauty and nature. But we face the kinds of problems any developing metropolis does - with pollution, traffic congestion, poverty. Distribution of green areas, for example, is not uniform. Madureira, the heart of the suburb in Rio, is a concrete jungle.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|‎"Do you know that nothing you do in this life will ever matter, unless it is about loving God and loving the people he has made?
John Milton|When I die, I will return to where I first came from. Back to the stars.
John Adams|In politics... never retreat, never retract... never admit a mistake.
Mona Adnan|Forget physics, forget organic chem, forget reading James Joyce's Ulysses - organizing your time is one of the biggest challenges you'll face in your academic career.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|How I wish I was like the water,Flowing so freely with every dropLet my every emotion wonder,No need to start, nor even stopHow I wish I was like the fire,Burning with every flame upLeaving a trace of hot desireAs a Phoenix raises its' wings upHow I wish I was like the earth,Raising each flower from the groundSeeing the beauty of death and birthAnd then returning to the groundHow I wish I was like the wind,Hearing each whisper, sound and thoughtA lonesome and wandering little wind,Shattering all that has been soughtOh, how I wish I was where you are,Not separated by empty space, so farIt seems like we're galaxies apart,But we find hope within our heartAnd how I wish I was all of the above,So I can come below and yet forget,The beauty of angels which come down like a doveAnd demons who love with no regret.
Kabir, The Bijak of Kabir|Do not seek for the truth, only stop having an opinion.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary|After all is said and done, it is the commitment of love that transcends time and space. So often, we seek answers in places where there is little light. It is when we choose to go within that we find all that we need.
Henry Jenkins|Agile is more a “direction,” than an “end.” Transforming to Agile culture means the business knows the direction they want to go on.
Edith Grossman|For the body tells all to him who knows the language, and doesn’t lie.
Burning Spear|I feel that when I began writing, I had a need to know more about the play before I got into it. I think that's the way I was thinking. But my actual experience is that the best way to find out what the structure is, is by writing the play out laterally. You just have got to be brave enough to start without knowing where you are going.
Daniel Abraham, The Price of Spring|As we send our armsmen and sailors away to fight and die together; let there be peace between us. If there cannot be peace in the world, at least let it be welcome here.
Jean Sharon Abbott, Misdiagnosed: My Thirty-Year Struggle with a Debilitating Disorder I Never Had|Here's my struggle-here's my story. Don't feel sorry for me. Even if I had the chance, I wouldn't change a thing.
Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling|No matter how full one's head might be with the image of greatness, one was useless, I found out, unless one was a worthy man first.
|Seek within to discover your true in life; activate your faith and courage, and then work consistently until its success becomes your new reality.
Jaime Buckley, Prelude to a Hero|You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice. You can choose from phantom fears and kindness that can kill. I will choose a path thats clear. I will choose Freewill.
Stephen King, The Waste Lands|And because Eddie knew that was only the truth, he said nothing.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Yes, this is the only good thing in life: love! To hold a woman you love in your arms! That is the ultimate in human happiness.
Bob Marley|Everytime I plant a seed,he say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.
Chang-rae Lee|We all have so many functions, so many ways of existing. In my own vision of myself, I am a scholar who lives quietly, and pens his little tales, and dreams about a past that may or may not have existed. And that is true, as far as it goes. But I am also, in one of my capacities, like so many of the people you have chosen to associate with, a psychopomp. I escort the living to the world of the dead.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|I can see myself now, she said. And I can see what I want to be, ten years from now. But I don't understand how I'm going to get from here to there.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|He didn't really care if they felt that way or not: he just needed them to say it, he needed to feel that something lay beneath their imperturbable calm, that somewhere within them ran a thin stream of quick, cool water, teeming with delicate lives, minnows and grasses and tiny white flowers, all tender and easily wounded and so vulnerable you couldn't see them without aching for them.
Peace Pilgrim, Peace Pilgrim: Her Life and Work in Her Own Words|If we all knew each morning that there was going to be another morning, and on and on and on, we's tend not to notice the sunrise, or hear the birds, or the waves rolling into the shore. We'd tend not to treasure our time with the people we love. Simply the awareness that our mortal lives had a beginning and will have an end enhances the quality of our living. Perhaps it's even more intense when we know that the termination of the body is near, but it shouldn't be.
Jillian Michaels|NSA is a very conservative culture legally. Our lawyers at NSA were notorious for their conservatism up through the morning of September 11th, 2001. The single most consistent criticism of the NSA legal office by our congressional oversight committee was that our legal office was too conservative.
Rhys Bowen, A Royal Pain|In the meantime, the first characteristic of a really revolutionary party is -- to be able to look reality in the face.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|To time travel, you must move from where you are, or just close your eyes.
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|He'd noticed that sex bore some resemblance to cookery: it fascinated people, they sometimes bought books full of complicated recipes and interesting pictures, and sometimes when they were really hungry they created vast banquets in their imagination - but at the end of the day they'd settle quite happily for egg and chips. If it was well done and maybe had a slice of tomato.
Dennis Sharpe, Destroyer of Worlds|This was too much for him to handle. It was like watching memories of his life play out from a different camera angle, sometimes with new scenes added. He was living DVD extras.
John Jeremiah Sullivan, Pulphead|This is what books only aimed to do and never could. Give you the glint of someone else's sunrise, what living is really like, you get old and it hurts to bend your elbow; your friends start to die, you can’t get fresh fruit in the shops.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary|Intention is everything. If your intention is to find meaning in your life, then your life shall be filled with an enriched sense of purpose and satisfaction.
Auguste Comte|Progress is not an illusion; it happens, but it is slow and invariably disappointing.
Barbara C. Doyle, Finding Redemption|The Guardians of the Overhead hold the most power in Heaven. They have the power to not only heal, but project. They can influence other Healers around them to make sure that Healer makes better judgment choices in life. Following them is the royal family that rules Heavens dynasty—”	“The Caspian family,” I cut in happy that I knew the answer. To know that my family was the second most powerful family in Heaven’s dynasty suddenly made me feel powerful, even though my powers have not come in yet.	“Yes,” Mother agreed with friendlies to her voice. “Although we are better known as the Nobles of Heaven. We have the ability to heal others, as well as control ones emotions. As you have noticed, your father and I are most powerful in the day time. That is when our power shines brightest. As the Nobles of Heaven, your father has the ability to control how a Healer acts. If one misbehaves, it is a Nobles job to straighten them up for the good of Heaven. Just by a single command, your father can change that Healers action. For if one Healer acts out, it is a chain reaction. Without consequence, Lumen will be unbalanced.
Alice Munro|To be a femme fatale you don't have to be slinky and sensuous and disastrously beautiful, you just have to have the will to disturb.
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|So how you're gonna play this?" Trenton asked."Divide and conquer.""Divide what?""His head from the rest of his body."Trenton nodded quickly. "Good plan.
Juliet Blackwell, Hexes and Hemlines|Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|To be, or not to be: that is the question: Whether ’tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep; No more; and, by a sleep to say we end The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to, ’tis a consummation Devoutly to be wish’d. To die, to sleep; To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there’s the rub.
Mark Salsbury, Human Capital Management: Leveraging Your Workforce for a Competitive Advantage|...while extraordinary products and unique services still afford a competitive advantage, the one advantage that stands the test of time...is people.
J.R. Rim|Your life is a sculpture, every day chip away.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Eric understands that the world is rarely the way it is supposed to be. And he knows that, given the chance, we don't have to wait for someone to make messes of our lives. We do a good enough job, ourselves.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|Life gives only the canvas, but it is you, who chooses the colors.
Spike Milligan|My biggest fear ever is to be involved in a plane crash, so when that happened... well, I'm just thankful to be alive. I'm just grateful to be here at all.
Eoin Colfer, And Another Thing...|It is not until you learn to look at yourself, through the truth of who you are, that you can look at someone else.
David Frost|My art is not limited to the songs I create but also to the reaction it creates. I like to sit back and look at the whole thing as if it's a tornado that I'm controlling. It's creating chaos. When you create chaos, ideas are turned upside down, and everybody looks at things in a different way.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Some researchers believe that dreaming is what happens when sensory input to the brain is greatly diminished: the brain then ‘freewheels’, synapses firing more or less at random, and the brain tries to make sense of the resultant stream of images.
Debasish Mridha|If you expect nothing but success, then you will be a success.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|Hey Meg! Communication implies sound. Communion doesn't.' He sent her a brief image of walking silently through the woods, the two of them alone together., their feet almost noiseless on the rusty carpet of pine needles. They walked without speaking, without touching, and yet they were as close as it is possible for two human beings to be. They climbed up through the woods, coming out into the brilliant sunlight at the top of the hill. A few sumac trees showed their rusty candles. Mountain laurel, shiny, so dark a green the leaves seemed black in the fierceness of sunlight, pressed toward the woods. Meg and Calvin had stretched out in the thick, late-summer grass, lying on their backs, gazing up into the shimmering blue of sky, a vault interrupted only by a few small clouds.And she had been as happy, she remembered, as it is possible to be, and as close to Calvin as she had ever been to anybody in her life, even Charles Wallace, so close that their separate bodies, daisies and buttercups joining rather than dividing them, seemed a single enjoyment of summer and sun and each other. That was surely the purest kind of thing.Mr. Jenkins had never had that kind of communion with another human being, a communion so rich and full that silence speaks more powerfully than words.
Alex Himelfarb, Tax Is Not a Four-Letter Word: A Different Take on Taxes in Canada|Tax is not a four-letter word; rather, it's the price we pay for the country we want.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|If the 4th "dimension" is blocked, which is a kind of cosmic umbrella, through which 5D through 9D and higher are designed to operate in physical realms, being non-physical, then the Devil who controls "the spice" controls everything. It would be easy to continue with the reasons behind death, terrible plague on earth.
Stéphane Mallarmé|The most racket time of the year for those that don't know, is the warmest of the four seasons and the winter as it is so cold and felt in your heart.
Max Hastings, Inferno: The World at War, 1939-1945|The rain is coming down here, but ever so slightly . . . Picture if you will from the heavens above, the tears of a thousand angels falling to the trees below. Causing the leaves to be so heavily burdened down by the weight of their early morning prayers for all of those who are in need on this day ~ Then close your eyes and allow yourself to be absorbed into the sound & rhythm caused by each drop. Not merely being just a monotonic pattern of sorts, but that of a well evolved symphony within itself! Almost as if it's been carefully orchestrated to heighten our senses, so that if we could just to allow ourselves just this once, maybe then will we be able to give earnest heed to what is being spoken.
Brad Evans, Resilient Life: The Art of Living Dangerously|images precede the real, making and shaping it into what we come to name and know as the real, producing it, fabricating it, into the worlds we come to inhabit.
Lisa Mantchev, Eyes Like Stars|At some point, to counter the list of the dead, I had begun keeping my own list of the living. It was something I noticed Len Fenerman did too. When he was off duty he would note the young girls and elderly women and every other female in the rainbow in between and count them among the things that sustained him. The young girl in the mall whose pale legs had grown too long for her now too-young dress and who had an aching vulnerability that went straight to both Len's and my own heart. Elderly women, wobbling with walkers, who insisted on dyeing their hair unnatural versions of the colors they had in youth. Middle-aged single mothers racing around in grocery stores while their children pulled bags of candy off the shelves. When I saw them, I took count. Living, breathing women. Sometimes I saw the wounded- those who had been beaten by husbands or raped by strangers, children raped by their fathers- and I would wish to intervene somehow. Len saw these wounded women all the time. They were regulars at the station, but even when he went somewhere outside his jurisdiction he could sense them when they came near. The wife in that bait-'n'-tackle shop had no bruises on her face but cowered like a dog and spoke in apologetic whispers. The girl he saw walk the road each time he went upstate to visit his sisters. As the years passed she'd grown leaner, the fat from her cheeks had drained, and sorrow had loaded her eyes in a way that made them hang heavy and hopeless inside her mallowed skin. When she was not there it worried him. When she was there it both depressed and revived him. ~Len Fenerman on stepping back/letting go/giving uppgs 271-272
Stephen King|Do any of us, except in our dreams, truly expect to be reunited with our hearts' deepest loves, even when they leave us only for minutes, and on the most mundane of errands? No, not at all. Each time they go from our sight we in our secret hearts count them as dead. Having been given so much, we reason, how could we expect not to be brought as low as Lucifer for the staggering presumption of our love?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|If one wanted to crush and destroy a man entirely, to mete out to him the most terrible punishment ... all one would have to do would be to make him do work that was completely and utterly devoid of usefulness and meaning.
Barack Obama|The Communist bloc of old was a study in the failure of failure. Losers in the Soviet economy were the people at the end of the long lines for consumer goods. Worse losers were the people who had spent hours getting to the head of the line, only to be told that the goods were unavailable.
Thomas Szasz|All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul.
José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ|The instant is gone, time has carried us into the realm of memory, it was like this, no, it was not, and everything becomes what we choose to invent.
Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa|Let me alone: I have yet my legs and one arm. Tell the surgeon to make haste and his instruments. I know I must lose my right arm, so the sooner it's off the better.
Amadeo Bordiga, Murdering the Dead: Amadeo Bordiga on Capitalism and Other Disasters|The degeneration of the revolution in Russia does not pass from the revolution for communism to the revolution for a developed kind of capitalism, but to a pure capitalist revo­lution. It runs in parallel with world-wide capitalist domination which, by successive steps, eliminates old feudal and Asiatic forms in various zones. While the historical situation in the seventeenth, eighteenth and nineteenth centuries caused the capitalist revolution to take liberal forms, in the twentieth century it must have totalitarian and bureaucratic ones.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|...writers are a savage breed, Mr. Strike. If you want life-long friendship and selfless camaraderie, join the army and learn to kill. If you want a lifetime of temporary alliances with peers who will glory in your every failure, write novels.
Winston Churchill|May it not be that, just as we have to have faith in Him, God has to have faith in us and, considering the history of the human race so far, may it not be that 'faith' is even more difficult for Him than it is for us?
Stephen King|If I show up at your house ten years from now and find nothing in your living room but The Readers Digest, nothing on your bedroom night table but the newest Dan Brown novel, and nothing in your bathroom but Jokes for the John, I’ll chase you down to the end of your driveway and back, screaming ‘Where are your books? You graduated college ten years ago, so how come there are no damn books in your house? Why are you living on the intellectual equivalent of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese?
Ayn Rand|An artist reveals his naked soul in his work - and so, gentle reader, do you when you respond to it.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|Accidents ambush the unsuspecting, often violently, just like love.
Victoria Osteen|Ben Schwartzwalder was a decent guy, but he was from another era. He was like a Marine, with a real army attitude. He thought there was only one way to play football, and that was the rough way.
Jeff Bauman, Stronger|No matter who you are, big or small, female or man, brave or not brave, you can still be empowered and feel strong.
Michael Morpurgo, Alone on a Wide Wide Sea|One day," she told us, "you'll have to leave here and go out into the big world out there and earn your living like everyone else. To do that you need to learn. The more you learn now, the more interesting your life will be.
Sunday Adelaja|When you accept employment, you are admitting that you cannot think or develop yourself
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|You want to know, but are afraid to ask, whether or not I found someone. If there could be anyone to fill that hole in my heart after I lost him. I did. "Life is futile," says my new therapist, Michaela, "and no one gets out of it alive. There is only love.
C. JoyBell C.|When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Why aren't I seeing more tracks?" After no reply he repeated himself. "Helllloooo, why aren't there more tracks?" His eyes examined the ground. Then he suddenly saw a foot? Breccan slowly lifted his head to see Darius, obviously irritated, standing in front of him with his arms crossed over his chest.
Michael Reisman, Simon Bloom, The Gravity Keeper|The sensory misers will inherit the earth, but first they will make it not worth living on. When you consider something like death, after which we may well go out like a candle flame, then it probably won’t matter if we try too hard, are awkward sometimes, care for one another too deeply, are excessively curious about nature, are too open to experience, enjoy a nonstop expense of the senses in an effort to know life intimately and lovingly.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Sometimes, the wicked will tell us things just to confuse us–to haunt our thoughts long after we've faced them.
Robert M. Pirsig|The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot.
Paul Oberschneider, Why Sell Tacos in Africa?: 16 life-changing business strategies you can use anywhere, from the man who turned $400 into $200 million|What separates those who build exceptional lives from others, is the way they use their time.
Criss Jami, Healology|I once began to ask around what constitutes a good poem. It felt petty, in a sense. A boy would need no help in deciding which girls he thinks are pretty.
Steve Goodier|Gratitude should run through our veins, it should reside in us, it should live in our bones as long we live.
Francine Rivers, The Atonement Child|The cancer bubble. It's almost like he's not here. Like he's on pause, and my life with him is on pause, and we're just waiting to see if somebody is going to hit play again or just stop the thing entirely.
Steen Langstrup, In The Shadow of Sadd|But I’m completely innocent in this case. I’m the victim. Don’t you understand? If she’d just dressed in an appropriate manner, nothing would have happened. I’m a peaceful man, and now I’m going to prison.”Conversation on Radio Fake 112.8 MHzIn The Shadow of Sadd.
Daniel Craig|I try to keep at a non-obsessive level of fitness. It's not about looking great, it's about just feeling good. So I do a lot of yoga. Bikram just blows my mind. It's mental as well as physical; if I don't train, I get very depressed.
J.R. Rim|When asking for advice, search not for what is on the surface, Dig deeper, questioning what does this person believe in?
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self Reliance|There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance; that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better, for worse, as his portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till. The power which resides in him is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.
Raheel Farooq|Present, rather than past, is the mother of future. So, your future must take after your present. But if it resembles more your past, the granny must be a slut!
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Liza Hempstock, who had been Bod's friend for the last six years, was different in another way; she was less likely to be there for him when Bod went down to the nettle patch to see her, and on the rare occasions when she was, she would be short-tempered, argumentative and often downright rude.Bod talked to Mr Owens about this, and after a few moments' reflection, his father said, "It's just women, I reckon. She liked you as a boy, probably isn't sure who you are now you're a young man. I used to play with one little girl down by the duck pond every day until she turned about your age, and then she threw an apple at my head and did not say another word to me until I was seventeen."Mrs Owens stiffened. "It was a pear I threw," she said, tartly, "and I was talking to you again soon enough, for we danced a measure at your cousin Ned's wedding, and that was but two days after your sixteenth birthday."Mr Owens said, "Of course you are right, my dear." He winked at Bod, to tell him that it was none of it serious. And then mouthed "Seventeen" to show that, really, it was.
Learned Hand|Throughout human history, in any great endeavour requiring the common effort of many nations and men and women everywhere, we have learned - it is only through seriousness of purpose and persistence that we ultimately carry the day. We might liken it to riding a bicycle. You stay upright and move forward so long as you keep up the momentum.
Germany Kent|Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, be smart, be real, but most importantly be nice.
Deborah Sandella|When you use your imagination, it is a bit like putting on night-vision goggles to see forms in the shadows of your head, heart, and spirit.
Gena Showalter, Playing with Fire|You’re just begging for a piece of me, you know that?” she growled. “I don’t know what gave you the idea I've lowered my standards, but I assure you, I haven’t. I want no part of you.
Samantha King|When we feel the clown, when we have been played, if we have lived by heart, acted out of compassion, we are the substance of the play,rather than merely being played.
Benjamin Franklin|Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.
Chris Lester, Whispers in the Wood|The man raised the violin under his chin, placed the bow across the strings, and closed his eyes. For a moment his lips moved, silently, as if in prayer. Then, with sure, steady movements, he began to play. The song was like nothing Abbey had heard anywhere else. The notes were clear, sweet and perfect, with a purity of tone that not one violin in ten thousand could produce. But the song was more than that. The song was pain, and loss, and sorrow, an anthem of unrelenting grief for which no words could be sufficient. In its strains Abbey heard the cry of the mother clutching her lifeless child; of the young woman whose husband never returned from war; of the father watching his son die of cancer; of the old man weeping at his wife's grave. It was the wordless cry of every man, woman and child who had ever shaken a fist at the uncaring universe, every stricken heart that had demanded an answer to the question, “Why?”, and was left unsatisfied.When the song finally, mercifully ended, not a dry eye remained in the darkened hall. The shades had moved in among the mortals, unseen by all but Abbey herself, and crowded close to the stage, heedless of all but the thing that called to them. Many of the mortals in the audience were sobbing openly. Those newcomers who still retained any sense of their surroundings were staring up at the man, their eyes wide with awe and a silent plea for understa
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|And then we do a much greater disservice to girls, because we raise them to cater to the fragile egos of males.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Incidentally, I only have one cavity, and as much as my dentist asks me to, I just can't bring myself to floss.
Colette|Don't you think, that there are very few men who know, without raising their voice or changing their tone, to say...what has to be said?
Baris Gencel|Cooking like a Michelin star chef without a recipe requires high intuition but only a little skill, a lot of imagination, and willingness to be curious and innovative.
Max McKeown, The Strategy Book|The smart strategist allows strategy to be shaped by events. Good reactions can make great strategy. Strategy involves competition of goals, and the risk is the difference between those goals and the ability of the organization to achieve them. So part of the risk is created by the strategy.
Chelsea Handler, Uganda Be Kidding Me|Dont shave,I like it..It helps with one of my new fantasies.""Yeah ?"Zack shifted a little to the center on top of him for maximum pleasure."What new fantasy is that ?"Lucy grinned,the sleepiness in her smile melting into guile."The one about the innocent schoolteacher and the vicious,uncivilized cop.Want to play ?""Sure."Zack ran his hands up her back."Who do you want to be ?""I,of course will be the innocent schoolteacher"Lucy batted her eyes at him."Which makes me the cop.All right you have the right to remain naked."Lucy laughed.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad,His hair is as dark as a blackboard.I wish he was mine, he's really divine,The hero who conquered the Dark Lord.
Penelope Cruz|Experience is a dim lamp, which only lights the one who bears it.
Durjoy Datta, When Only Love Remains|In the kitchen, I turn on a TV set that has hundreds of channels devoted to every conceivable subject including celebrity bunion removal (This week: David Hasselhoff). I tune in to one of the literally dozens of news shows, all of which feature a format of 55 percent celebrities promoting things, 30 percent emails from viewers, and 15 percent YouTube videos showing bears jumping on trampolines. While I'm catching up on these developments, I turn on the programmable coffeemaker, which I hope that someday, perhaps by attending community college, I will learn to program.
Escapades|Today..passes as yesterday, today is passing by... Tomorrow shall become today and that too shall pass!
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|I honour the clarity of the present moment, and the stillness at the centre of being (mine & others), even in the midst of so much doing.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|She had realized there are only fragments, that 'memories' always consist of fragments the mind puts together into a pattern, adapts a picture staked out early without the need for a conenction with anything that really happened. A great deal is misunderstood by small children, then stored as images that attract similar images, confirming and reinforcing.
Jerry White, The Films of Kiyoshi Kurosawa: Master of Fear|Out of the ugliness of the ironworks lepers will eat, children will be born, their parents will grow old.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.
Chen-Ning Yang|When we first get to space, we feel sick. Your body is really confused. You're dizzy. Your lunch is floating around in your belly because you're floating. What you see doesn't match what you feel, and you want to throw up.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|Thou art standing all this while at the door of eternity, and death is waiting to open the door, and put thee in(247).
Gena Showalter, Ecstasy in Darkness|She wasn't easy to be around at the best of times, and during the worst, well, she sucked flaming balls of mean...Still she wanted his eternal admiration.
Chrissy Moon, Surreal Enemies: Angel City|If you can't stop thinking of it, don't stop working for it.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|So a while back I spent a night in jail. Now, as for exactly what landed me there, I’d be so delighted to never have to go into any of the details regarding that. Besides, other people’s theories are so much more exotic and exciting than the reality. I've heard everything from 'attempted terrorism' to 'indecent public condescension.
Caroline Hanson, Love is Darkness|The calmness was fracturing, tendrils of fear seeping through her mind like ivy. Once the fear consumed her, she'd run.
Shūsaku Endō, Wonderful Fool|Not all men are handsome and strong. There are some who are cowards from birth. There are some who are weak by nature. There are even some who cry easily. But for such a man, a man both weak and cowardly, to bear the burden of his weakness and struggle valiantly to live a beautiful life-- that's what I call great. The reason I'm so fond of Gaston is not because he has a strong will or a good head. Rather it's because, weakling and coward that he is, he keeps on fighting in his own way.
Aubrey Plaza|Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge, let's go!
Sunday Adelaja|If you have a ministry, dedicate yourself to it, do everything with love and with a clean heart
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|Nanotechnology promises many advances in the field of kinky sex enhancement compared with the present. Nanobots will replace surgery as the preferred method of modifying the appearance and function of the human body, allowing tissue reduction, regrowth, augmentation, and reshaping.
Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri, Imam Bukhari and the Love of the Prophet|There are 1.6 billion Muslims in the world. If, for the sake of argument, 1 million are violent, that's a mere .000625 percent of them. I wonder who among you wants to be judged on such a tiny minority. Further, at 1.6 billion, if all Muslims - or even most Muslims - were violent, the world would already be in flames. Most people simply want to live their lives in peace, with some degree of material comfort. I find it bizarre - and disturbing - that so many Americans imagine that being a Muslim somehow trumps human nature and makes ordinary simple people want to rise up and kill everyone. That takes a special kind of stupid.
Angelique Kerber|We were probably the last people in the country to get a VCR and we didn't have cable. There wasn't any admiration of glamour, no, 'I want to look like them or have that lifestyle', because everyone in my town had the same lifestyle. So I didn't think, 'Ooh, a movie star's birthday!' I just thought, 'What?'
Lisa Bedrick, Life Stories|You can have all the money in the world, one of the biggest mansions ever built, be one of the most famous people in the world, and still be as unhappy as Mariah Carey was. Money and fame don't make people happy. Only God does. Amen.
Elizabeth McCracken|Humor reminds you, when you're flattened by sorrow, that you're still human.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|This anti-description, for want of a better way of putting it, had made something clear to her by a reverse kind of exposition: while he talked she began to see herself as a shape, an outline, with all the detail filled in around it while the shape itself remained blank. Yet this shape, even while its content remained unknown, gave her for the first time since the incident a sense of who she now was.
Donald Miller, Through Painted Deserts: Light, God, and Beauty on the Open Road|Life is a dance toward God, I began to think. And the dance is not so graceful as we might want. While we glide and swing out practiced sway, God crowds our feet, bumps our toes, and scuffs our shoes. So we learn to dance with the One who made us. And it is a difficult dance to learn, because its steps are foreign.
Katie Price|In American military cemeteries all over the world, seemingly endless rows of whitened grave markers stand largely unvisited and in silence. The gardeners tend the lawns, one section at a time. Even at the famous sites, tourism is inconstant.
Debasish Mridha|Love all, trust all, and do good to all; you will not lose.
Toks Olagundoye|The anger that Uncle Junior has comes from my background. My father was the son of an Italian immigrant, and I've seen the fire of the Italian temperament. It can be explosive sometimes in ways that are both funny and tragic.
Wendy Kopp|If something's not working, it's wonderful to have a reader you can trust to say, 'Actually, you've gone off the deep end here'.
Rachel Hollis, Party Girl|and then I couldn't wait anymore, and my hand was on the back of her head, and then her lips on mine, the cold air gone and replaced with the warmth of her mouth, soft and sweet and hash-brown-tastic
Mardi Ballou|Inch by inch it's all a cinch, by the yard it's hard. Go for it -- no matter how slow or long the process seems at first.
Harlan Ellison, Shatterday|When you're all alone out there, on the end of the typewriter, with each new story a new appraisal by the world of whether you can still get it up or not, arrogance and self-esteem and deep breathing are all you have. It often looks like egomania. I assure you it's the bold coverup of the absolutely terrified.
Avina Celeste|When you choose to notice the little things, the world becomes a much more beautiful place. Find the beauty of the little things and the whole picture becomes a bit more magnificent.
Dan Howell|Behind him, he heard Ronan say, "I like the way you losers thought Instagram before first aid. Fuck off.
Francis Chan|[at CMC West Coast 2011, on 1 Samuel 14] If just a few of you would step up and be like Jonathan ... as you step out in faith, you know what's going to happen? There'll be people like Saul who'll say, "God's doing something through that guy, God's doing something through that girl. I want to be a part of that.
Dana Perino|Determination, energy, and courage appear spontaneously when we care deeply about something. We take risks that are unimaginable in any other context.
Rouben Mamoulian|Poor Andy Nave was killed. He refused to surrender and was shot by Dick Fields. I felt sorry as he used to be quite friendly towards me before the war, but it could not be helped.
Nancy B. Brewer, Beyond Sandy Ridge|Mothers cry in anguishand fathers curse in anger,while others turn away in sadness,all for the children who are lost.
Aldo Leopold|Real connection (and if it's LOVE, then real love)--goes beyond those not-so-perfect and superficial and idiosyncratic things that simply make us individuals. The trust and longevity of a relationship between two individuals is established through time and learning each other, and discovering a harmony at the core of their connection. And it becomes powerful because of where it resides--at the center of who we are--the very essence of our being.
Martin Luther|Those speak foolishly who ascribe their anger or their impatience to such as offend them or to tribulation. Tribulation does not make people impatient, but proves that they are impatient. So everyone may learn from tribulation how his heart is constituted.
Virginia Woolf|The melancholy river bears us on. When the moon comes through the trailing willow boughs, I see your face, I hear your voice and the bird singing as we pass the osier bed. What are you whispering? Sorrow, sorrow. Joy, joy. Woven together, like reeds in moonlight.
Brandon Villasenor|Her beauty must have been exhausting and not to mention troublesome. Glitter swiftly made it's way into the vibrant strands that graced her lavish eyelashes. Each blink, each pressing moment, time seemed to have stopped and I felt as if, her charm could fill an entire room and with every set of eyes locked onto her, somehow the glare of her shimmering wet lipgloss could take care of everyones problems. That as soon as her heavenly music flowed through their wine glasses, that they too were apart of something such bigger, much grander. I believed, when I stood beside her; I became more handsome.
Princess Diana|I'm simple. I love hiking, going to the gym, doing some simple stuff. I love being outdoors, I love bike riding. Just stuff that's fun!
Deborah Day|If you put out acceptance and warmth, you tend to attract the same.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|While it's true that you may lose your religion during the course of a lifetime, you never lose your salvation. Once you let Jesus in your kitchen, he just keeps on making peanut butter and banana sandwiches, and he never leaves.
Philip Webb, Where the Rock Splits the Sky|This is a robbery. Sorry for the inconvenience'n'all but if you don't line up out here at the count of five then I'm gonna get all trigger-happy on your ass. One, two...
Jennifer Konner|I know virtually no one of my age who can remember a hug, or a smile from their father, or a 'Let's go play football.'
Albert Camus, The Plague|That's right,' she told the girls. 'You are bored. And I'm going to let you in on a little secret about life. You think it's boring now? Well, it only gets more boring. The sooner you learn it's on you to make life interesting, the better off you'll be.
Drew Barrymore|If 'The Hobbit' happens - and there's reason to believe that it will - then I think I'm in with a chance! Gollum is very much part of 'The Hobbit,' after all.
Christine Feehan, Dark Guardian|Desperately struggling, kicking down other people.Stealing the stolen, while repeating your reasons over and over.And even so, you aim for the horizon over the hills.That's why humans are so interesting...
Megadeath, Peace Sells|This particular song’s just something that’s been floating around inside me for a long time,” Tate went on. “Is she the one who got away? Yeah. She is. But it’s because she got away that I—that we,” he clarified, “are all here now.” “How do you mean?” the interviewer asked. Tate was silent for several heartbeats, then said, “When I met her, I was playing ball. She knew I wasn’t that good. But she also saw a talent in me I didn’t even know I had. She’s the one who encouraged my music. I lost her after that summer, but it’s because I lost her that Kendrick was even formed. So yeah, she is ‘Everything.’ She’s everything I have and everything I’m missing.” “Would it be safe to assume you work as hard as you do because you’re trying to prove to her what she’s missing?” the interviewer asked. “No,” Tate answered. “Not really.” “That’s a load of crap,” someone muttered in the background. “Okay,” Tate said louder. “Maybe it’s a little true. Did I hope she’d one day hear one of these songs about her and call me up? Sure. I think that’s the whole point of tracks like this. That there’s hope. I mean, that’s what life’s really about, right? Without hope, what the hell does a person have?”“A lot of”—BEEP—“ing fun,” Jace interjected.
Marc Bloch, The Historian's Craft: Reflections on the Nature and Uses of History and the Techniques and Methods of Those Who Write It.|Doubt wisely; in strange wayTo stand inquiring right, is not to stray;To sleep, or run wrong, is.
Reese Witherspoon|Only a crazy person wouldn't fear approaching a car with tinted windows during a late-night car stop, or pounding up a flight of stairs to execute a search warrant, or fast-roping from a helicopter down into hostile fire. Real agents, like real people, feel that fear in the pit of their stomachs.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|It is said that most people judge themselves too harshly. I disagree. If they judged themselves harshly enough, they would come to the conclusion that they’re the last person on Earth to be judging anyone.
Anatole France|To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Taking the Right Decision in any situation only requires TWO major ingredients:Critical Thinking and Grace.Critical Thinking is like 'Works' and Grace is like 'Faith'. So if "Faith without Works is dead," then same, I believe, goes for Works without Faith.Like the two sides of a coin, one without the other just won't make any sense. And if the coin ever has a third side, it will never be 'Emotions' or 'Sentiments' because they both have zero IQ.
Danielle Ellison, Salt|I'm not really sure what I'm going to do when I get there, but that's why someone invented the fine art of improv. Or, when that fails, stalling.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|Don't be dismayed at good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Steve Goodier|Dear friend, I have searched all nightthrough each burnt paper,but I fear I will never findthe formula to let you die
Sacha Hartgers|Albert Camus did not know he was summing up modern photojournalism when he wrote:"Will I kill myself or have a cup of coffee
Amy Tan|I have been a systems engineer, systems administrator, a senior adviser for the Central Intelligence Agency, a solutions consultant and a telecommunications information systems officer.
Dan Chaon, Ill Will|Every day is a lie, he said. But you are dying. That is not a lie.
Ted Cadsby, Closing the Mind Gap: Making Smarter Decisions in a Hypercomplex World|In judging our progress as individual we tend to concentrate on external factors such as one's social position, influence and popularity, wealth and standard of education. These are, of course, important in measuring one's success in material matters and it is perfectly understandable if many people exert themselves mainly to achieve all these. But internal factors may be even more crucial in assessing one's development as a human being. Honesty, sincerity, simplicity, humility, pure generosity, absence of vanity, readiness to serve others - qualites which are within reach of every soul - are the foundation of one's spiritual life.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Father|No one ever said aloud any of the kinds of things he was so constantly thinking, because no one in the parish, not Alice, not Lady Higgs, not anybody, ever seemed to see the things he saw. If they thought as he did, if they saw what he did, they never mentioned it; and to have things which are precious to one eternally unmentioned makes one, he had long discovered, lonely. These August nights, for instance--quite remarkably and unusually beautiful, warm and velvety as he had never known them, ushered in each evening by the most astonishing variety of splendid sunsets--nobody had said a single word about them. They might have been February ones, for all the notice they got. Sometimes he climbed up to the top of Burdon Down towards evening, and stood staring in amazement at what looked like heaven let loose in flames over England; but always he stood alone, always there was no one but himself up there, and no one afterwards, when he descended from his heights, seemed to be aware that anything unusual had been going on.
William Blake|We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Ross  Turner, Jenson|I might not have been so young, but age alone doesn’t necessarily make you less foolish.
Jen Lynn Anderson, off the page|In every garden grows one single rose so perfect that once the frost takes it, no other can grow there again. My rose is and will ever be my Edilyn. And I shall never stop mourning her." Illarion's Tattoo
Sudeep Nagarkar, It Started With a Friend Request|Therefore in one line why don't these (The higher authority of an office) people just say, "You are our sex toy. We will use you as our vibrator until we derive pleasure in earning profits from you. Once we learn that you are of no use and you are not giving the pleasure we need, we will kick you or throw you in a dustbin as we throw a condom in dustbin after sex.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Male social conditioning encourages boys and men to aim to bed as many women as possible....so much so, that their self esteem and self worth become intertwined with the number of sexual partners they have; and when that number is low or even zero, so too is their self-confidence.
Christie Brinkley|I photographed all kinds of sports - Formula 1, Formula Atlantic. And anybody who knows me knows that, from the day they invented video cameras, I used to lug them around when you had to carry the pack here and the big camera here, plus the diaper bag and a baby and the purse or whatever.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|I was moving forward into space, but i would never come home again
Virginia Alison|She had nothing to lose when she looked into those dark limpid pools of desire...Apart from her soul, and even that she would relinquish for one night undulating on his rigid fervour. But to what end? A moment of exquisite bliss? No, she demanded an encore; even her soul had a price...
Julie Cantrell, Into the Free|Why can’t I just be bad?” I asked, figuring my mom would have no idea what I was talking about.“Well, that’s easy, sweetie. You can be anything you want, but when you go against who you are inside, it doesn’t feel good.
N.D. Wilson|What is the world? What is it for? It is an art. It is the best of all possible art, a finite picture of the infinite. Assess it like prose, like poetry, like architecture, sculpture, painting, dance, delta blues, opera, tragedy, comedy, romance, epic. Assess it like you would a Faberge egg, like a gunfight, like a musical, like a snowflake, like a death, a birth, a triumph, a love story, a tornado, a smile, a heartbreak, a sweater, a hunger pain, a desire, a fufillment, a desert, a waterfall, a song, a race, a frog, a play, a song, a marriage, a consummation, a thirst quenched. Assess it like that. And when you're done, find an ant and have him assess the cathedrals of Europe.
Harvey Milk|Dan: 'Ah, well, I hope this didn't have anything to do with me.'Ellen: 'No, not unless you played Cat Woman in Batman.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|I remembered during puberty, through the anorexic mists of intermittent menstrual cycles, that man, my father, lifting Shirley's nightdress over her head and asking her in his mocking way to choose what colour condom she wanted. 'Red or yellow?' Which did she choose? I can't remember. Perhaps she alternated. Perhaps there were other colours. It didn't happen once. It happened again and again. I had no power to stop it. That man, my father, had some control over me. I was drugged by the black silence in that big house, the vile whiff of aftershave, the crushing torment of inevitability. My father fucked Shirley using red or yellow condoms and it was those condoms that brought it all to an end. It was my last realization of the day; any more would have been too much to contemplate. That time when my mother had found used condoms in bedroom, he had admitted, after a pointless burst my father's of denial, that he had been going to prostitutes. That was no doubt true but I can't imagine clients take used condoms away with them; prostitutes would surely get rid of the things. No. My father kept those used condoms as a prize. He was fucking his fourteen-year-old-daughter. He was proud of it. Rebecca welled up with tears. Poor thing, she kept saying. Poor thing.
Noel Coward|African women in general need to know that it's OK for them to be the way they are - to see the way they are as a strength, and to be liberated from fear and from silence.
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|Although Quirrell couldn’t fend off the dark allure of power, he did provide Harry with a lesson that guided him through the rest of his school career: there is no such thing as good and evil. We become the choices that we make.
Christina Engela, All That Remains|How anyone can vote to support any form of fascism, knowing history, is beyond me - which leads me to draw the conclusion that either the people who voted to support it don't know what they are doing - or that they know exactly what they are doing.
Henry Ward Beecher|My body is damaged from music in two ways. I have a red irritation in my stomach. It's psychosomatic, caused by all the anger and the screaming. I have scoliosis, where the curvature of your spine is bent, and the weight of my guitar has made it worse. I'm always in pain, and that adds to the anger in our music.
Alison Goodman, Eona: The Last Dragoneye|And you are the girl's bitch, forever.
Antony Sher, Year of the King: An Actor's Diary and Sketchbook|In fact, Shakespeare was right when he said ‘twice a babe once a man’. We are born into the world as helpless, weak infants, and some of us end our lives as vulnerable, frail adults, unable to speak coherently, or do even the simplest tasks.
Evelyn Waugh|The greatest of blessings can come from what appear to be the smallest and most insignificant of things. Don't discredit anything or anyone. One person, one tiny thing, one little shift can change your life in enormous ways.
Joaquin Miller|Life has no smooth road for any of us  and in the bracing atmosphere of a high aim the very roughness stimulates the climber to steadier steps till the legend  "over steep ways to the stars " fulfills itself.
John Stuart Mill|Racism is a doctrine of, by and for brutes.
Jakob Dylan|Yes, and only if my own true love was waiting If I could hear his heart softly pounding Yes, and only if he was lying by me Would I lie in my bed once again.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|We want Max to... breed. To produce heirs. Who will govern the world after she dies."Dead silence for quite some time. We all stared at Dr. Hans, our jaws dropped to various levels. Our lives had reached a new low of inhumanity.My face flushed. Part of me had assumed, hoped, that if Fang and I lived long enough, we would get married. Maybe have a little flock of our own. But i really hadn't planned it all out. And he was gone now, anyway. How could I possibly ever find someone...My eyes scanned Dylan's face, I saw his discomfort."Oh, no," I said in horror."Yes," Angel confirmed. "Freaking unbelievable.
Edmund White, Forgetting Elena|I'm sorry," Billy says, "but I felt it was too organized. I like ellipses and teeny jottings and spontaneous poems and particularly all those devices like long lists of melancholy things.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|But then, staring at the label on one crate, which readSWORD-CANE-DLUBECK SHOE TREE-HORASUITS (3)-HORAASSORTED HANDKERCHIEFS (6)-HORAJosef felt a bloom of dread in his belly, and all at once he was certain that it was not going to matter one iota how his father and the others behaved. Orderly or chaotic, well inventoried and civil or jumbled and squabbling, the Jews of Prague were dust on the boots of the Germans, to be whisked off with an indiscriminate broom. Stoicism and an eye for detail would avail them nothing. In later years, when he remembered this moment, Josef would be tempted to think that he had suffered a premonition, looking at those mucilage-caked labels, of the horror to come. At the time it was a simpler matter. The hair stood up on the back of his neck with a prickling discharge of ions. His heart pulsed in the hollow of his throat as if someone had pressed there with a thumb. And he felt, for an instant, that he was admiring the penmanship of someone who had died.
Avina Celeste|If every problem you encountered was easily overcome, would you be the strong person you are today?
Matt Taibbi, Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America|The source of our suffering has been our timidity. We have been afraid to think....Let us dare to read, think, speak, write.
J.S. Riley|I have knots in my years that I can`t undo, and this is one of the worst--the night I did wrong and Mauma got caught
Luca Turin (Author) Tania Sanchez (Author), Perfumes: The Guide|Lignin, the stuff that prevents all trees from adopting the weeping habit, is a polymer made up of units that are closely related to vanillin. When made into paper and stored for years, it breaks down and smells good. Which is how divine providence has arranged for secondhand bookstores to smell like good quality vanilla absolute, subliminally stoking a hunger for knowledge in all of us.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Books’ll be back,” Esther-in-Unalaq predicts. “Wait till the power grids start failing in the 2030s and the datavats get erased. It’s not far away. The future looks a lot like the past.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|But look around at this world, how perfectly it's made. Flowers can't move, yet the insects come to them and spread their pollen. Trees can't move either, but birds and animals eat their fruit and carry their seeds far and wide.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|Passion is of the nature of seed, and finds nourishment within, tending to a predominance which determines all currents towards itself, and makes the whole life its tributary.
John Bingham|What you learn is often determined by what you need to know. If you think you're weak, you will learn that you are strong. If you think you are indestructible, you will learn that you are fragile. In the end though, you will learn that you are human. You are no more and no less than all those who are learning their lessons as you learn yours.
Rebecca McKinsey|The most exemplary nature is that of the topsoil. It is very Christ-like in its passivity and beneficence, and in the penetrating energy that issues out of its peaceableness. It increases by experience, by the passage of seasons over it, growth rising out of it and returning to it, not by ambition or aggressiveness. It is enriched by all things that die and enter into it. It keeps the past, not as history or as memory, but as richness, new possibility. Its fertility is always building up out of death into promise. Death is the bridge or the tunnel by which its past enters its future.
Thich Nhat Hanh, You Are Here: Discovering the Magic of the Present Moment|You want to know my name? --a hill, a tree. An empty drifting boat.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Heaven is huge. It’s a world. It’s not a flat place in the clouds with billowing fabric blowing around and baby angels sitting on clouds, dropping grapes in your mouth.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Think of the people whom you love, like, trust, and admire. Isn’t their integrity the golden thread which elevates them to a higher standard in your eyes and in your heart?
Barry Lyga, I Hunt Killers|Howie: "What if the whole thing was just an accident?"Jazz: "And what? Accidentally cut off three fingers postmortem? 'Oops, oh no, my girlfriend just died! Clumsy me, in trying to perform CPR, I chopped off some fingers! Guess I'll take them with me…Oh, darn, where did that middle finger go?
Andrew Clements|When we read, we decide when, where, how long, and about what. One of the few places on earth that it is still possible to experience an instant sense of freedom and privacy is anywhere you open up a good book and begin to read. When we read silently, we are alone with our own thoughts and one other voice. We can take our time, consider, evaluate, and digest what we read—with no commercial interruptions, no emotional music or special effects manipulation. And in spite of the advances in electronic information exchange, the book is still the most important medium for presenting ideas of substance and value, still the only real home of literature.
Marianne Williamson|Regardless of what society says, we can't go on much longer in the sea of immorality without judgment coming.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|It is far too easy to discover complacency in mediocrity. Success is rooted in extreme ambition, implanted by divine guidance, and is achieved long before others are able to see it. Surprise them all, but you know this…you are already there.
Shannon Hale|...first thing is that I love you. And the second thing is that as much as I honor your former profession, I don’t think your geese care much for your betrothed and I hope they hadn’t any plans on sharing our bed.
Christian Cantrell|Arik and Cadie always knew they wouldn't be one of those couples that let problems between them fester. They would immediately address any issues that arose, bring them out into the open, discuss them until they reached a mutually satisfactory conclusion. They felt bad for some of the Founders who they believed had unhappy marriages — couples who were not strong enough to be truthful and open with each other, and even worse, with themselves
L.A. Weatherly|I can't bring myself to trust you. But even if you were to betray me, and even if you were to become my enemy... would it be okay for me to love? Could you... let me love you?
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Life comes from light: if we are under God’s shining light, life will be generated and the divine life will grow in us.
Sarah Swainson, To My Last Friend|Sometimes you wonder why you’re out here. And the stupid thing about it, is you haven’t got an answer." - excerpt from: freefalling
Mike Corbett|Heaven, envious of our joys, is waxen pale; And when we whisper, then the stars fall down To be partakers of our honey talk.(Dido, Queen of Carthage 4.4.52-54)
John Abrams|Drugs is a government game, Bilal. A way to rob us of our best black men, our army. Everyone who plays the game loses. Then they get you right back where we started, in slavery! Then they get to say "This time you did it to yourself." I won't play that game.
Richard M. Nixon|Here was buried Thomas Jefferson, author of the Declaration of American Independence, of the Statute of Virginia for Religious Freedom, and Father of the University of Vir
Paul Kalanithi|After I was caught returning at dawn from one such late-night escapade, my worried mother thoroughly interrogated me regarding every drug teenagers take, never suspecting that the most intoxicating thing I’d experienced, by far, was the volume of romantic poetry she’d handed me the previous week. Books became my closest confidants, finely ground lenses providing new views of the world.
Jenny Diski, On Trying to Keep Still|We were greeted by the minister whose inclusive, non-judgemental smile was no more than a whisker away from a smirk. Have I made it clear? I don't like belief systems and even less like those that peddle self-righteousness. I have no doubt the minister was a sincere man, but I am not as impressed by the idea of sincerity as the sincere seem to be.
P.D. Ouspensky, The Fourth Way|Desire is when you do what you want, will is when you can do what you do not want.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|It's disappointing enough to know that the people we love will sometimes lie, but it is almost worse when we remember that strangers do this too, and this is why it is best not to admit our lies to strangers because it is not pleasant to learn that someone will lie even when there is little to nothing at stake.
Vladimir Nabokov, Laughter in the Dark|[S]urely the Cupid serving him was lefthanded, with a weak chin and no imagination.
Melinda DuChamp, Fifty Shades of Alice in Wonderland|Squeezing her eyes shut, hating every moment, the put a single finger in and moved it around.“There’s nothing,” she lamented.“Go deeper.”Alice did.“Deeper.”“There’s nothing,” she yelled, pulling out her hand in anger and humiliation.“Of course there is nothing,” the Hatter said. “Who ever heard of such a ridiculous thing?”“So why did you make me do it?” Alice demanded.“Because it was really hot,” he answered.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|The central movement of the mind is the desire for unrestricted liberty and (...) this movement is invariably accompanied by its opposite, a dread of the consequences of liberty.
Betty Jamie Chung|He lost the great big outward thing, the good- looking package, and the real parts endured. They shine through like crazy, the brillian mind and humor, the depth of generosity, the intense blue yes, those beautiful hands.
Tamara Hoffa, Fetching Love|Take the pleasure I'm giving you as a vow, pet. If you leave me, I will hunt you to the ends of the earth. There won't be a place you hide where I can't find you. I will never stop looking. I will never give up. I will never let you go when I can save you. - Mitchell Thorpe
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|She was smooth and beautiful under his rough, callused hands-an amorous balm to soothe the ugliness of war.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Tech isn’t morally good or bad until it’s wielded by the corporations that fashion it for mass consumption. Apps and platforms can be designed to promote rich social connections; or, like cigarettes, they can be designed to addict. Today, unfortunately, many tech developments do promote addiction.
Michael Franti|Shock, confusion, fear, anger, grief, and defiance. On Sept. 11, 2001, and for the three days following the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil, President George W. Bush led with raw emotion that reflected the public's whipsawing stages of acceptance.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|I see you go bare-shod. This is most likely extremely sensible. Shoes are no end of trouble for girls. . . . How many have danced to death in slippers of silk and glass and fur and wood? Too many to count—the graveyards, they are so full these days. You are very wise to let your soles become grubby with mud, to let them grow their own slippers of moss and clay and calluses. This is far preferable to shoes which may become wicked at any moment.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|That’s the duty of the old, to be anxious on behalf of the young. And the duty of the young is to scorn the anxiety of the old.
Robert Tew|It doesn't really matter who you used to be, what matters is who you've become.
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land|April is the cruelest month, breedinglilacs out of the dead land, mixingmemory and desire, stirringdull roots with spring rain.
Thomas Jefferson|Is there any forgiveness? If somebody does something wrong, we now have copped this "off with the head" attitude, which, I confess, feels great sometimes, but come on. Why do we paint everyone with the same brush? Why does it seem more & more we want people ruined rather than rehabilitated?
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|It seemed like forever ago, like we've had this brief but still infinite forever. Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|She liked getting hold of some book... and keeping it to herself, and gnawing its contents in privacy, and pondering the meaning without sharing her thoughts with any one, or having to decide whether the book was a good one or a bad one.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|No, my son, do not aspire for wealth and labor not only to be rich. Strive instead for happiness, to be loved and to love, and most important to acquire peace of mind and serenity.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|For our own species, evolution occurs mostly through our behavior. We innovate new behavior to adapt.
Lailah  Gifty  Akita|How can she? She's incapable of understanding anything. Besides, do any of us understand what we are doing? If we did, would we ever do it?
William Faulkner|The saddest thing about love, Joe, is that not only the love cannot last forever, but even the heartbreak is soon forgotten.
Jordan Silver, Broken|...it’s not him that you’re still pining after, it’s the lost time. You’re mourning what should’ve been more so than what really was. You feel robbed as well you should, but not for the right reasons.
Miles Davis, Miles: The Autobiography|The very first thing I remember in my early childhood is a flame, a blue flame jumping off a gas stove somebody lit... I remember being shocked by the whoosh of the blue flame jumping off the burner, the suddenness of it... I saw that flame and felt that hotness of it close to my face. I felt fear, real fear, for the first time in my life. But I remember it also like some kind of adventure, some kind of weird joy, too. I guess that experience took me someplace in my head I hadn't been before... The fear I had was almost like an invitation, a challenge to go forward into something I knew nothing about. That's where I think my personal philosophy of life and my commitment to everything I believe in started... In my mind I have always believed and thought since then that my motion had to be forward, away from the heat of that flame.
John Wooden|When I write, I make discoveries about my feelings.
Joost A.M. Meerloo, The Rape of the Mind: The Psychology of Thought Control, Menticide, and Brainwashing|The only way in which the world can be grasped ultimately lies, not in thought, but in the act, in the experience of oneness.
William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!|Without darkness, nothing comes to birth, As without light, nothing flowers.
Christopher Andersen, These Few Precious Days: The Final Year of Jack with Jackie|In reality, Little Ones, there are two winters. One made for kids; the other for adults. The one made for adults is always too cold and always too long. The one made for kids is always perfect. A kid winter is an endless and wild snow carnival where all the rides are free.
Braam Malherbe, The Great Run: Conquering the Sleeping Dragon Within: Life's Lessons on the Run|But if I had to pick another person for her, I'd have to say you, Jess, since I hold you in such high regard. Yes, you would be a good match, but I am the lucky one this time! - Bryan Gifford
Ben Elliot|I'm always excited when I make it on anyone's list - even if it's for affirmative action. My attitude is, 'Am I the token woman on this list? Because I'll take it.'
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Grover Underwood of the satyrs!" Dionysus called.Grover came forward nervously."Oh, stop chewing your shirt," Dionysus chided. "Honestly, I'm not going to blast you. For your bravery and sacrifice, blah, blah, blah, and since we have an unfortunate vacancy, the gods have seen fit to name you a member of the Council of Cloven Elders."Grover collapsed on the spot."Oh, wonderful," Dionysus sighed, as several naiads came forward to help Grover. "Well, when he wakes up, someone tell him that he will no longer be an outcast, and that all satyrs, naiads, and other spirits of nature will henceforth treat him as a lord of the Wild, with all rights, privileges, and honors, blah, blah, blah. Now please, drag him off before he wakes up and starts groveling.""FOOOOOD," Grover moaned, as the nature spirits carried him away.I figured he'd be okay. He would wake up as a lord of the Wild with a bunch of beautiful naiads taking care of him. Life could be worse.
China Miéville, Embassytown|A good story should make you laugh, and a moment later break your heart.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|You're still... Declan?"----Voice hoarse, he said, "Aye, it's me. I will never be your perfect Viking, Regin! I've made unforgivable mistakes. I've no family or friends, and my men hold no love for me. I'm scarred inside and out. And I'm bloody askin' for you anyway!
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|You are a mousetrap of a friend, all soft cheese and hard springs
Anonymous|That was all I wanted!" whispered Polly, in a tone which caused him to feel that the race of angels was not entirely extinct.
Criss Jami|God is not some lesser employee, as many try to make Him out to be: rather He is the ultimate Treasure. He works in a man; He works on a man; He works through a man; He works around a man. Know that He does far more than simply work for a man. And yet, even as He Himself needs no one else, everyone else is ever in need of Him.
Duane Trogdon|As life unfolds, remember that all the answers are found in Christ.
Brian Jacques|Who are they?” I whispered, as we took seats opposite each other.Scout glanced up as she pulled notebooks and books from her bag. “The dragon ladies. They monitor lights-out, watch us while we study, and generally make sure that nothing fun occurs on their watch.”“Awesome,” I said, flipping open my trig book. “I’m a fun hater myself.
Ben Okri, The Age of Magic|When we’ve been travelling around I’ve often thought: Oh, this would be a good place to be, and that would be an excellent place to live. And yet, after I’ve seen everything I’ve decided that home, wherever that may be, is the place for feelings of peace. And if I can be at peace with myself then that is the most important thing. I think travelling teaches one that.
Richard Overy, Why the Allies Won|If your are an expatriate, a 'will' is required because, the laws of the country in which you reside would be different from that of your home country, and when the inevitable (death) occurs (untimely), your property /possessions may be exposed to the discretion of the state laws for the allocation of your property to someone, you may have never wished that they possess your property and be an heir to your assets.
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|...[A]ccording to Buddhism in the Tibetan tradition, a being that achieves Buddhahood, although freed from Samsara,the 'wheel of suffering', as the phenomenon of existence is known, will continue to return to work for the benefit of all other sentient beings until such time as each one is similarly liberated.
David Sikhosana|Many people will often say you are a Smart, you are a Genius, give them a chance and they will say it enough for you to start believe it. When you get to that realization, Nothing will ever hold you back
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Our hearts bear a similarity with storerooms. We hold in them our trampled convictions, our fears, suppressed acts of valor, disappointments, enmity, anguish, secrets, things we wish we should have done, things we wish we shouldn’t have, regret.And continue piling them up with emotions, memories, conversations which did happen and conversations which didn’t, soured relationships and bitter people all of which we should have discarded, we keep it within until there is no space left, until the room is full, occupied after which we go on to lock it. Once in a while we happen to open the room and sight the dust accumulated all over, we relive each moment, each memory and each emotion again and soon fall upon the realization as to how deeply the room is in need of cleaning and so we clean it.We clean it so that we can fill it once more, hold it, bear it, relish it, heal from it and then finally let it go.
Thom S. Rainer|Social media is addictive precisely because it gives us something which the real world lacks: it gives us immediacy, direction, a sense of clarity and value as an individual.
Letty Cottin Pogrebin, DEBORAH, GOLDA AND ME|When the president of the United States flicks the switch to light up the Christmas tree on the White House lawn, that house ceases to be an American symbol; it becomes a Christian symbol.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|I am an explorer,' she whispered, 'setting courageously off into the wild unknown.' It was not a daydream she'd ever had before, but she felt the familiar comfort of her imagination wrapping around her. She was an archeologist, a scientist, a treasure hunter. She was a master of land and sea. 'My life is an adventure.' she said, growing confident as she opened her eyes again. 'I will not be shackled to this satellite anymore.'Thorne tilted his head to one side. He waited for three heartbeats before sliding one hand down into hers. 'I have no idea what you're talking about,' he said. 'But we'll go with it.
D.J. Molles, Aftermath|i do not give a sh*t, the toilet miss me now
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|Nothing comes back. The eye sees for a moment, the ear hears, but look, now it is gone.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|If I bother to listen, I can navigate by failure just as much as I can navigate by success.
Israelmore Ayivor|Be the one whose Lord is Jesus and who takes His words as a final authority without any thought of controversy. True believers follow Jehovah, not only for what He does, but specially for who He is.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet, Prince of Denmark|POLONIUS My lord, the queen would speak with you, and presently.HAMLET Do you see yonder cloud that's almost in shape of a camel?POLONIUS By th'mass, and 'tis like a camel indeed.HAMLET Methinks it is like a weasel.POLONIUS It is backed like a weasel.HAMLET Or like a whale?POLONIUS Very like a whale.HAMLET Then I will come to my mother by and by. - They fool me to the top of my bent. - I will come by and by.
Marcus Sakey, Brilliance|That was the lure of wealth, he'd discovered: a throaty whisper in your ear that you were special, that it was all - this wine, this woman, this world - for you. That it in some way existed only so that you might partake of it.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|How I wished after all the hardships, you will immediately attain your reward. But it's not that easy. You need to wait for the right time to come in your life. Always bear in mind that diligence is nothing without perseverance.
Dalai Lama XIV|Cultivate the understanding that the self is not really an independently existing entity, and begin to view self instead in terms of it's dependent relation to others. Although it is difficult to say that merely reflecting on this will produce a profound spiritual realization, it will at least have some effect. Your mind will be more open. Something will begin to change within you. Therefore, even in the immediate term there is definitely a positive and beneficial effect in reversing these two attitudes and moving from self-centeredness to other-centeredness, from belief in self existence to belief in dependent origination.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|To a woman, the first kiss tells all about a relationship.
Clive Barker, Cabal|All Darkness was one darkness in the end. Of heart or Heavens, one Darkness.
James Bovard|I said on the equality side of it, that it is essential to a woman's equality with man that she be the decision-maker, that her choice be controlling.
Wendy Mass, Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life|Do you ever think if people heard our conversations they'd lock us up?"All the time.
Stephen King, It|But to die as lovers may - to die together, so that they may live together.
Sarah Waters, Affinity|Why do gentlemen's voices carry so clearly, when women's are so easily stifled?
Demi Lovato|I heard on public radio recently, there's a thing called Weed Dating. Singles get together in a garden and weed and then they take turns, they keep matching up with other people. Two people will weed down one row and switch over with two other people. It's in Vermont. I don't think I'd be very good at Weed Dating.
William Morris|To treat your facts with imagination is one thing, to imagine your facts is another.
Joe Mantegna|To all the positions, I just bring the determination to win. Me being an unselfish player, I think that can carry on to my teammates. When you have one of the best players on the court being unselfish, I think that transfers to the other players.
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist|Buffett's uncommon urge to chronicle made him a unique character in American life, not only a great capitalist but the Great Explainer of American capitalism. He taught a generation how to think about business, and he showed that securities were not just tokens like the Monopoly flatiron, and that investing need not be a game of chance. It was also a logical, commonsensical enterprise, like the tangible businesses beneath. He stripped Wall Street of its mystery and rejoined it to Main Street -- a mythical or disappearing place, perhaps, but one that is comprehensible to the ordinary American.
Henry Ford|Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
Jeaniene Frost, At Grave's End|I resisted the urge to hurl my plate at him. “Of course not, Ian. It’s just that normally at this hour, Bones and I are fucking like rabbits, so I get twitchy when I have to wait for him to climb aboard.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|I don't do fashion, i am fashion
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|that kid may not carry my DNA, but by God, I don’t care. I love that little shit like my own and I want to be his daddy.
Julie James, The Thing About Love|We’ll try to be more sympathetic to your hot nemesis problem. Is she a nightmare to work with?”	An image popped into John’s head, of him kissing Jessica against the hotel room wall in Jacksonville. He could still feel the softness of her skin and hear her breathy moan as he slid his hand underneath her dress. 	Hardly the stuff of nightmares.	“It’s been… interesting.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|If God gives you a seed, He expects you to plant it;if He plants it for you, He expects you to water it; if He waters it for you, He expects you to prune it; if He prunes and keeps it for you, He expects you to harvest it; if He harvest it for you, He expects you to store it; if He stores it for you,He expects you to keep it safe from getting rotten and if He keeps it from getting rotten for you, He expects you to account for the seed.Yes!Life is all about purposefully fulfilling a purpose. We are expected to be doing something at each moment in our life or we live without purposefully living.
Dr. Will Caster, Transcendence|Moses threw the spent cigarette butt to the ground. It bounced once then lay still. A lazy wisp of smoke drifted towards the reaching shadows. He pushed himself to his feet and brushed flakes of grit from the seat of his jeans. Stuffing his hands in his pockets, he moved away from the pipe and began to negotiate a route down the alley. A rivulet of cans, wrappers and remnants of kebabs dotted the ground like flotsam; the waste of nights past, discarded by the nameless, faceless masses marking their territories with futile gestures. Oh, sure, the trash was still emptied these days – there were still garbage men around, but it just delayed the inevitable, prolonging the agony of a tired and dying world.
John Grant|Streaming TV shows, movies, and other types of video over the Internet to all manner of devices, once a fringe habit, is now a squarely mainstream practice. Even people still paying for cable or satellite service often also have Netflix or Hulu accounts.
Harvey Mansfield|In the real world, the tests are all open book.
Elon Musk|If I go into the place in myself that is love, and you go into the place in yourself that is love, we are together in love. Then you and I are truly in love, the state of being love. That's the entrance to Oneness. That's the space I entered when I met my guru.
Peter Diamandis|Ethics or simple honesty is the building blocks upon which our whole society is based, and business is a part of our society, and it's integral to the practice of being able to conduct business, that you have a set of honest standards.
Adam Kinser|Never stay still, you'll end up with roots.
Tallulah Bankhead|I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice. That's what I call a liberal education.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|Can anyone survive without faith, however its labeled? No matter how you live, it seems, you need faith to get by, to get ahead.
Jack London, Martin Eden|Medora Manson, in her prosperous days, inaugurated a "literary salon"; but it had soon died out owing to the reluctance of the literary to frequent it.
Liam Hemsworth|I guess when I feel something, then I just feel it and I go for it. I make my decisions about what’s going to make me happy, what I think is right and what I want to do – and I don’t worry too much outside of that.
Nicole Eglinger, The Human Side of Me|I sat up in bed my body covered in sweat, and aching from tossing and turning that I had done. I knew it had been another nightmare. They had plagued my nights since the day I took Aleksander’s life.
Dennis Gabor|Gates is the ultimate programming machine. He believes everything can be defined, examined, reduced to essentials, and rearranged into a logical sequence that will achieve a particular goal.
A.W. Tozer|When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection.
Jim Evans|Just after graduation in 1966, like many of my contemporaries, I applied for research training at the National Institutes of Health. Perhaps because his wife was a poet, Ira Pastan agreed to take me into his laboratory, despite my lack of scientific credentials.
Brandi L. Bates|If we allow our American mindset of consumption to spill into our understanding of what a Christian is, we are in danger of living irrespective of world family.
Dorothy Koomson, Goodnight, Beautiful|But that's the thing about all of this," he says gently but urgently, "we survive. After each known down, each earth shattering blow, we get up again. Even though we walk through hell, and it feels like all we do is walk through hell, we do eventually make it to the otherside. Scarred. Mostly broken. But we survive. And then we start to rebuild ourselves. We're never the same, but we do rebuild ourselves. Because something like this is just another way in which we change. We all have to change.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Prayer is not an exercise, it is the life of the saint. Beware of anything that stops the offering up of prayer.
Caliban Darklock|Here’s something to think about: the only thing you really own is what you create. And the only thing you can create without needing someone else to give you the raw materials first… is intellectual property.You can write a book, or draw a picture, or compose some music.Everything else is borrowed. It belonged to someone else before you and it will belong to someone else after you.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|Why did this [Vietnam] war, so hard, so long, so ferocious, vanish from one day to the next as if by magic?Why did this American defeat (the largest reversal in the history of the USA) have no internal repercussions in America? If it had really signified the failure of the planetary strategy of the United States, it would necessarily have completely disrupted its internal balance and the American political system.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|Every man who has in his soul a secret feeling of revolt against any act of the State, of life, or of destiny, is on the verge of riot; and so soon as it appears, he begins to quiver, and to feel himself borne away by the whirlwind.
Robyn Peterman, How Hard Can It Be?|He shifted his attention back to me and leaned in closer. “I told you to behave. I don’t want to have to arrest you ever again.”“Um . . . okay.”I felt him slide something under my hand. He leaned in even closer, his mouth by my ear, and whispered, “Although I wouldn’t mind handcuffing you.”Oh. My. God.
Jeff Vanderstelt, Gospel Fluency: Speaking the Truths of Jesus Into the Everyday Stuff of Life|Sir, let me explain how I see this issue. Your supreme weapon is killiing. My supreme weapon is dying. Here is how it works. You know that my sermons on tape have spread all over the country. If you kill me, those sermons will be sprinkled with my blood. Everyone will know I died for my preaching. And everyone who has a tape will pick it up and say, ‘I’d better listen again to what this man preached, because he really meant it: he sealed it with his life.’ So, sir, my sermons will speak 10 times louder than before. I will actually rejoice in this supreme victory if you kill me
Ramakrishna|Little things seem nothing, but they give peace, like those meadow flowers which individually seem odorless but all together perfume the air.
Chris Salamone|Plan, prepare and grow. Repeat.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The more deeper you think, the more silent you become. You understand the reasons behind the reason. It may not necessarily mean you are short of words. You however know what ignorance can trigger and how to deal with ignorance and purpose. The timeliness of your word is surely on point.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|It's just that when you're standing beside an open window at twilight, you can say more toeach other than in bright sunshine. It's also easier to whisper your feelings than toshout them from the rooftops.
Ali Khamenei|In Cuba, taking into account the long fight for our independence and sovereignty, we will defend the one-party system in the face of the games, demagogy and the marketing of politics.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|A troubled and afflicted mankind looks to us, pleading for us to keep our rendezvous with destiny; that we will uphold the principles of self-reliance, self-discipline, morality, and, above all, responsible liberty for every individual that we will become that shining city on a hill.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile & achieving goals with an extra MILE
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|When it comes to giving thanks to God, there isn’t a card, a sentiment, a picture, or a word that can adequately express the gratitude in my heart. What can I say to the One who not only saved my life but who also adopted me into His family? How can I possibly express my thankfulness for His riches? How can I express my gratitude for His friendship and His healing touch? How does one find the words to thank Him for His unconditional love, unmerited favour, and forgiveness? Dictionaries and thesauruses can’t help me. All I can say is ‘Thank you, God’ with the hope that those humble words convey all that is in my heart.
Diane Ackerman, A Natural History of the Senses|It began in mystery, and it will end in mystery, but what a savage and beautiful country lies in between.
Marcel Proust|Anyway, it seems to me that the way most people go on living (I suppose there are a few exceptions), they think that the world of life (or whatever) is this place where everything is (or is supposed to be) basically logical and consistent.... It's like when you put instant rice pudding mix in a bowl in the microwave and push the button, and you take the cover off when it rings, and there you've got rice pudding. I mean, what happens in between the time when you push the switch and when the microwave rings? You can't tell what's going on under the cover. Maybe the instant rice pudding first turns into macaroni gratin in the darkness when nobody's looking and only then turns back into rice pudding. We think it's natural to get rice pudding after we put rice pudding mix in the microwave and the bell rings, but to me that's just a presumption. I would be kind of relieved if, every once in a while, after you put rice pudding mix in the microwave and it rang and you opened the top, you got macaroni gratin.
Alexandra Daddario|You remember where you were doing each scene. 'Oh my God, it was so hot that day.' It's kind of cool to see a movie that you haven't seen in a long time and reflect on that stuff.
Kara Walker|When I did 'Sex and the City,' it was like, 'Let's do a comedy where the humor is not coming from innuendo but from the a truthful place. This is a show where we're going to be able to say and do what we want.'
Rene Webb, A White Hot Christmas: Novella|He could hear her ramping up and rather than letting it happen, he silenced her the best way he knew hos.He lowered his head to hers, slowly, so she could see him coming. Her lips parted, in anticipation, in fear, out of breathlessness or a need to speak, he didn't care. He pressed his against them and heard her quick intake of breath.Her hands went up to his neck and she pulled herself closer, her mouth softening against his, opening, until they were necking like the pair of teenagers they had been, urgently, desperately, the rest of the world falling away until it was only them, no one else mattering, nothing necessary to their survival but that they hold on, hold on, hold on to each other and never let go.
George J. Mitchell|I've never had any religion. I'd prefer it if I did, really. Even as a boy I just couldn't make myself believe.
Patti Smith|Human rights, of course, must include the right to religious freedom, understood as the expression of a dimension that is at once individual and communitarian - a vision that brings out the unity of the person while clearly distinguishing between the dimension of the citizen and that of the believer.
Drew Carey|If we bought everything on the Internet, our eyes and mouths and nostrils would probably begin to film over with a tegument - one initially tissue-thin and capable of being removed each morning, but which gradually thickened and hardened until we were imprisoned in our own tiny minds.
Elizabeth Morgan, Blood Secrets|Because what could be more Casablanca? Suddenly Harlow saw that what she’d always wanted was a man of principle. A man of action. A domestic terrorist. Every girl’s dream, if she can’t have a vampire. (Chapter four pg 202)
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|There's no way you can get the past right. You can pretend. You can delude yourself, but you can't re-create what's over.
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|Cold passion’ is calm, considered and long lasting. Both the brain and the heart are working together. Emotions have been takenout of decision-making. And decisions are given time, looked at from all angles. Cold passion is much more effective at getting results.
Cassandra Danz|She said that the planting of trees, like the education of children, was a gift to the future.
Mark Twain|If you are too proud, you don't do business.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you read the Scriptures, you know thy Creator and thy soul.
Paul Louis Metzger, Connecting Christ: How to Discuss Jesus in a World of Diverse Paths|Encounter Jesus. Suffer with him to experience his life more fully. Be holy in your love for God and his church as God is holy in his love for you and his church. Imagine what awaits those who now walk by faith, when faith and hope give way to the fullness of love when Jesus appears, when faith becomes sight at the consummation of Jesus' union with his people at the marriage supper of the Lamb.
Phillip White|With battle-weary arms, Sheridan slugged his way across the luminous waves sending light-filled droplets splashing into the air like Fourth of July sparklers.Stumbling onto the lake’s rocky banks, he clawed desperately at the animal skin suit, yanking at the fastenings and peeling back the suffocating shroud in a fitful temper tantrum. He collapsed onto the glitter washed shore, his chest heaving, his forehead pulsing with pumped up veins.“That was a nightmare!” Sheridan rasped between gulps of air. “Like some sort of freaked-out acid trip!”“All suffering comes bearing a gift. Every pain is a portal. You must look at the hand of your suffering to see the gift it offers and peer into your pain to see where it may lead.” Kunchen said calmly.
David Grossman, Her Body Knows|More than anything, more than anything she had with him, she missed the language they had invented, the likes of which she had never had nor would again. The thoughts and ideas he had birthed in her, his golden touch, and the words that erupted from her and became sparks of light to him.
Henry David Thoreau|Together with the patient, a therapist looks at the nature of the pain. Often, the therapist can uncover causes of suffering that stem from the way the patient looks at things, the beliefs he holds about himself, his culture, and the world. The therapist examines these viewpoints and beliefs with the patient, and together they help free him from the kind of prison he has been in. But the patient’s efforts are crucial. A teacher has to give birth to the teacher within his student, and a psychotherapist has to give birth to the psychotherapist within his patient. The patient’s “internal psychotherapist” can then work full-time in a very effective way.
Norman Vincent Peale|Discouraged not by difficulties without  or the anguish of ages within  the heart listens to a secret voice that whispers: "Be not dismayed  in the future lies the Promised Land."
Libba Bray|I'd like to thank readers. Every time you open a book, it is a strike against ignorance. Unless you're reading Sarah Palin.
Octavia Spencer|People who dismiss science in favor of religion sometimes confuse the challenge of rigorously understanding the world with a deliberate intellectual exclusion that leads them to mistrust scientists and, to their detriment, what they discover.
Robin Sacredfire|Any human being should be capable of three things to earn such title: live alone, hunt and drive anything with or without wheels. If you don't have these three things, you're either a slave or an animal. Any idea about being social or human has been cleverly associated with these two things, in order to make believe that being a social animal is the ideal to aspire for, especially if such animal is enslaved by a certain amount of ideals promoted by the system that gives him life and cuts it off as soon as he shows himself undeserving.
Lionel Trilling|Literature is the human activity that takes the fullest and most precise account of variousness, possibility, complexity, and difficulty.
Anonymous|It’s like George always says: being in a rock ʼn’ roll band is very sexy, even when you’re only the keyboard player and your idea of the perfect Saturday night actually amounts to a bubble bath, a Richard Curtis boxset and a seafood linguine.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Never forget who was with you from the start....The people who stick by you at your worst, deserve to enjoy being with you at your best.
J.I. Packer|Religion is the most powerful entity on earth. A phenomenon that has conscripted millions to give or sacrifice their lives without so much as a minuscule query about their chosen beliefs or particular ideology. And today thousands of years on despite the huge advent, discovery and the advance of science forensic or otherwise, millions are still prepared and equipped to fall or kill in the name of their God, their Holy Scriptures, their messengers, their prophets and their faith’.
Rati Tsiteladze|Is my imagination as important as reality? Sometimes I think YES... It's imagination what makes reality tolerable... Sometimes, I just want to close my eyes and fall in to the endless imagination...
George Carlin|Here's an interesting form of murder we came up with: assassination. You know what's interesting about assassination? Well, not only does it change those popularity polls in a big fucking hurry, but it's also interesting to notice who it is we assassinate. Did you ever notice who it is? Stop to think who it is we kill? It's always people who've told us to live together in harmony and try to love one another. Jesus, Gandhi, Lincoln, John Kennedy, Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King, Medgar Evers, Malcolm X, John Lennon, they all said, "Try to live together peacefully." BAM! Right in the fucking head. Apparently we're not ready for that.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Being determined delinquents, Peyton and I jumped the barricades and wandered around the dilapidated interior.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|The dreamers, those who misread the actual state of affairs and act upon their emotions, are often the source of the greatest mistakes in history—the wars that are not thought out, the disasters that are not foreseen
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|There are still Ava Maddoxes to find and sets to create and girls to kiss and colleges to attend. It's possible that someday I will hear a patsy Cline song and the heartbreak will barely register. It will be some distant, buried feeling. I won't remember how much it once hurt.
Candis Terry, Anything but Sweet|Kiss me again, Cowboy
Janisse Ray, The Seed Underground: A Growing Revolution to Save Food|But we're not humanity, we're just one culture - one culture out of hundreds of thousands that have lived their vision on this planet and sung their song. If it were humanity that needed changing, then we'd be out of luck. But it isn't humanity that needs changing, it's just...us.
Howard Jacobson, The Finkler Question|A waitress, bringing Finkler more hot water, interrupted Treslove's answer. Finkler always asked for more hot water no matter how much hot water had already been brought. It was his way of asserting power, Treslove thought. No doubt Nietzsche, too, ordered more hot water than he needed.
Walter Scott|Perhaps the perusal of such works may, without injustice, be compared with the use of opiates, baneful, when habitually and constantly resorted to, but of most blessed power in those moments of pain and of langour, when the whole head is sore, and the whole heart sick. If those who rail indiscriminately at this species of composition, were to consider the quantity of actual pleasure it produces, and the much greater proportion of real sorrow and distress which it alleviates, their philanthropy ought to moderate their critical pride, or religious intolerance.
James L. Rubart, Soul's Gate|Who wants to go down the creepy, smelly staircase into God only knows what?" Brandon said."I'm going," Dana said."I'm with you." Reece stared at Brandon."Why not?" Brandon shrugged. "It's not like we have the chance of bumping into anything, say, demonic. Right?
Sigmund Freud, New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|.It is asking a great deal of a man, who has learnt to regulate his everyday affairs in accordance with the rules of experience and with due regard to reality, that he should entrust precisely what affects him most nearly to the care of an authority which claims as its prerogative freedom from all the rules of rational thought.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Ten years of shadows, but no longer. Light up the darkness, Majesty.
Jonathan Bailey|Once you face the truth, the knowledge both empowers you and sets you free.
Christine Feehan, Dark Magic|Don't you love those crazy Brits?Jumpers for sweaters and spots for zits.And when they want to change their suits,It's in a box, not a booth.Be a hero, make a call.Steepest streets might make you fall.
Mo Yan, Life and Death are Wearing Me Out|You can't throw kindling on a fire and deny you kept it burning. And right now, cowardice is that kindling.
A.B. Shepherd, The Beacon|She brushed the tears from their faces and sang them a melancholy lullaby. Her obvious devotion to her daughters pulled at my heart strings, making my chest ache with longing for my own mother.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|For most people, art is only valuable if other people say it is; and artists are only worthwhile if they are either rich and famous, or dead.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Do Something!I was sitting on a plane after a long, tiring business trip. I was a bit grouchy and irritable because the rigorous schedule I had made for myself left me exhausted. Looking to not talk to the person next to me and simply endure the flight, I decided to open my newspaper and read about what was happening in the world. As I continued to read, it seemed that everywhere I looked there were stories of injustice, pain, suffering, and people losing hope. Finally, fueled by my tired, irritable state, I became overcome with compassion and frustration for the way things were. I got up and went to the bathroom and broke down.With tears streaming down my face, I helplessly looked to the sky and yelled to God. “God, look at this mess. Look at all this pain and suffering. Look at all this killing and hate. God, how could you let this happen? Why don’t you do something?”Just then, a quiet stillness pacified my heart. A feeling of peace I won’t ever forget engulfed my body. And, as I looked into my own eyes in the mirror, the answer to my own question came back to me… “Steve, stop asking God to do something. God already did something, he gave you life. Now YOU do something!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan is the sower of compromise—leaving a bit of God’s truth into the dirty rags of sin. Satan is the commander in deceit, Satan is the ringleader in rebellion against the faithful.Satan is the sly serpent of temptation.Satan is the false hope of security.Satan is the great pretender.Satan is the great spoiler of everything good.And Satan wants to destroy you.
William Joyce, The Man in the Moon|The play will begin at six sharp. Parents and family, I hope you'll stay for the PTA meeting that will follow." A few parents coughed in response. George knew that coughing was the adult equivalent of groaning.
Edison McDaniels, Juicing Out|A large piece of lead floated out of Bobby head, followed by dark chunks of what could only be pieces of Bobby's brain.The torrent started up again. It flowed steady rather than pulsed with his heart. I knew from that, and from the amount of blood, that it was that mofo vein bleeding. And probably more than a small tear if the amount of blood was telling. I thought there had to be a hole the size of Montana in that thing."Jesus Mother Mary" I said, then "Stitch!"The scrub tech slapped a needle holder into my palm, a curved needle and silk stitch clamped into the end of it. I might have closed my eyes—I've been told I do that sometimes in surgery when I'm trying to visualize something—though if so I don't remember doing it. I took that needle and aimed it into the pool of blood."Suck here Joe, right here."When I thought I could see something, something gray and not black red, I plunged the pointy end of the needle through whatever the visible tissue was and looped it out again. I cinched it down and tied it quick, then repeated the maneuver again after adjusting slightly for lighting, sweating, my own bounding heartbeat, and the regret I wasn't wearing my own diaper.We're losing, I thought.
Robert Morgan|The great watershed of modern poetry is French, more than English.
Walt Disney Company, Belle's Discovery|You have a lot to explore beyond this cottage if you want to know everything about the world. Explore until your heart is full, Belle. And then explore some more.
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|If we were in a spreadsheet, we'd be in different columns." She'd be under uptight/nerdy/homely girls, and he'd be under badass men with bodies of..um..Navy SEALS.	He grunted. "Just so you know, I hate spreadsheets with a hot, burning passion.
Amen Muffler|The future we seek in life lies in us".
Anaïs Nin|I had the feeling deep in my gut that there'd been lines I should have spoken, gestures I should have made, that would have made things better. But looking back, I didn't know what they were. As a friend, I was pretty much useless, apparently.
Debasish Mridha|When you share your truth and your thoughts, you color the universe with your heart.
Fulton J. Sheen, Three to Get Married|In all human love it must be realized that every man promises a woman, and every woman promises a man that which only God alone can give, namely, perfect happiness. One of the reasons why so many marriages are shipwrecked is because as the young couple leave the altar, they fail to realize that human feelings tire and the enthusiasm of the honeymoon is not the same as the more solid happiness of enduring human love. One of the greatest trials of marriage is the absence of solitude. In the first moments of human love, one does not see the little hidden deformities which later on appear.
Atul Gawande, Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance|The pressures of the current neoliberal capitalist system of health care and its financing force health professionals into a double bind. Either they spend the time and energy necessary to listen to and fully treat the patient and put their job and clinic in economic jeopardy, or they move at a frenetic pace to keep their practice afloat and only partially attend to the patient in their presence.
Jill Tweedie|It had been my repeated experience that when you said to life calmly and firmly (but very firmly!) "I trust you  do what you must " life had an uncanny way of responding to your need.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, I Thirst|That's what they tell you noise is, random energy, chaotic energy . . . It's the stuff that's not data, that's not information, that's not REAL. A thing that's what it's NOT and not what it IS. Noise is chaos. But chaos is continuity. . . . There are stories in the noise.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving|When Christians sing about the wrath of God, we are singing about ourselves.
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence|Much of what is considered "good" in little girls is considered downright repulsive in little boys. Physical timidity or hypercautiousness, being quietly "well behaved", and depending on others for help and support are thought to be natural - if not outright charming - in girls. Boys, however, are actively discouraged from the dependent forms of relating, which are considered "sissyish" in male children.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Desires are what can most easily ruin us, lovely.
Sixeye|Pain is knowledge, knowledge is to heal the future.
Maya Angelou|Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
C.J. Heck|But there was little heart to our lust,only the confusion of not knowinghow long we'd have in our bodies.
Liza M. Wiemer, Hello?|Most of us make assumptions about how someone will relate to us, and they are often unfounded.
Jerry Seinfeld|In a way, fraud in business is no different from infidelity in marriage or plagiarism in scholarly work. Even people committed to high moral standards succumb.
Richard Stark, The Hunter|For you, that tree is dead.
William J. Clinton|No matter how civilized we are and how much society has curbed violent behavior. Human beings still have the same genes they had 10,000 years ago. Our bodies are designed to have a certain amount of physical stress and violence in them. We're designed to run from jaguars and fight to defend our territory.
Jeannine Allison, Unveiling Ghosts|For the sake of goodness and love, man shall grant death no dominion over his thoughts.
Ann Patchett, What Now?|For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.
Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing|If it’s going to be two against one, make sure you aren’t the one.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Finally, her father spoke. “Are you sure? I mean, I don’t understand how this could have happened. She’s only fifteen; I didn’t even know she was sexually active.” Mallory’s father, normally in control, was on the verge of tears. He refused to look at his daughter, his little girl. As much as he had preached abstinence to her, he still kept a watchful eye over her, yet here they were, facing the unthinkable. He wanted to know when this happened, and with whom—but those questions would have to wait.
D'Andre Lampkin|And to all the doctors and people who said there was no hope for children with progeria and they don’t live long I want to say, ‘You’re wrong.
Lois McMaster Bujold|When you're born a light is switched on, a light which shines up through your life. As you get older the light still reaches you, sparkling as it comes up through your memories. And if you're lucky as you travel forward through time, you'll bring the whole of yourself along with you, gathering your skirts and leaving nothing behind, nothing to obscure the light. But if a Bad Thing happens part of you is seared into place, and trapped for ever at that time. The rest of you moves onward, dealing with all the todays and tomorrows, but something, some part of you, is left behind. That part blocks the light, colours the rest of your life, but worse than that, it's alive. Trapped for ever at that moment, and alone in the dark, that part of you is still alive.
Anonymous|[...T]he ways of God have been manifested beyond example: the sea is divided, the cloud has led the way, the rock has poured forth water, it has rained manna, everything has contributed to your greatness; you ought to do the rest. God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|O my son Absalom,' Bean said softly, knowing for the first time the kind of anguish that could tear such words from a man’s mouth. 'my son, my son Absalom. Would God I could die for thee, O Absalom, my son. My sons!
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|And confessions of love have always seemed out of place when you’re gasping for air, when you’re begging for pain,when you’re missing something, unable to change the channel.
John M. Perkins, Let Justice Roll Down|Yielding to God's will can be hard. And sometimes, it really hurts. But it always brings peace.
Abdu'l-Bahá|Men who suffer not, attain no perfection. The plant most pruned by the gardeners is that one which, when the summer comes, will have the most beautiful blossoms and the most abundant fruit. The laborer cuts up the earth with his plough, and from that earth comes the rich and plentiful harvest. The more a man is chastened, the greater is the harvest of spiritual virtues shown forth by him.
Sri Mulyani Indrawati|Every two years the American politics industry fills the airwaves with the most virulent, scurrilous, wall-to-wall character assassination of nearly every political practitioner in the country - and then declares itself puzzled that America has lost trust in its politicians.
Denis Markell, Click Here to Start|This is an awesome(probably not very famous) one liner in hindi on engineers. I could not stop myself: Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)"Chaar saal lagte hai insaan ko engineer banne mein phir chahe wo puri zindgi laga rahe dubara insaan nahi ban sakta"Translation in English:"It takes four years for a uman to become engineer after that even if he tries for whole life he can't become human again
Yatin Patel|Oh, Youth may listen patiently,While sad Experience tells her tale,But Doubt sits smiling in his eye,For ardent Hope will still prevail!He hears how feeble Pleasure dies,By guilt destroyed, and pain and woe;He turns to Hope—and she replies,“Believe it not-it is not so!
Elon Musk|I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car.
Michael Dobbs|By being high, you become low and by being low, you become high. By being humble, you become high.
Saffron Aldridge|Even if you don't have time for a big workout, stretching in the morning and night really changes your body.
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|Whatever you do, please don’t do anything reckless. These are very powerful people, some of which are very dangerous.” She hesitates, then continues. “This is a government agency, and you’re just…” She trails off, and I have a feeling that I know what she’s going to say.“I’m just an office assistant,” I mutter, repeating Gideon’s words.“No. I was going to say that you’re too in love with my daughter to think rationally.
Hermes Trismegistus|The excellence of the soul is understanding; for the man who understands is conscious, devoted, and already godlike.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|You who have never “been there” in the throes of grief, have no idea what is going on inside the head of the grieving spouse: the scatteredthoughts, the constant worry that we will forget something or someone in our fog-induced state, that strange feeling of not quite “being all there” when out in social situations, the pall that covers everything, like a cloak of sadness that never lifts.
Hubert Martin|On these days, I've never felt so hollow. Recollecting the many pieces of me that were lost in past sub-lives. They were the minor characters of my novel life, the sub-plots to the whole story. On these days I was the binding that held the book together, I was not the words.
Oprah Winfrey, My Life|I think that when you invite people to your home, you invite them to yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|God gave you the sea, but you still have to fish for yourself.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Great is language . . . . it is the mightiest of the sciences,It is the fulness and color and form and diversity of the earth . . . . and of men and women . . . . and of all qualities and processes;It is greater than wealth . . . . it is greater than buildings or ships or religions or paintings or music.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|The Forest that had been about her all her life, certain as a mountain, was made ashes. The high gable that had stood for two hundred years fallen in ruin. Throvenland was torn apart like smoke on the wind. Nowhere would be safe, ever again.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not too late to tell me, I love you.
Dada Bhagwan|Bhagwan’ (God, Self) and ‘Paramatma’ (Supreme or absolute Self); these two words are spoken. Muslims speak the two words-‘Khuda’ (God, Self) and ‘Allah’ (Supreme spirit, Absolute Self). Allah is used for Paramatma and Khuda is used for Bhagwan.
Robert Robert, Orijjjjjjice|To Trazada's surprise the Generalissimo laughed, a great subterranean rumbling that shook his gigantic frame like an earthquake. 'Remedios, mia pobre Remedios, they are ignorant. They are afraid. They are stupid and superstitious. Why, most of them think that television is witchcraft and that because they are allowed to vote they have control over the government. And they know it is impossible for a woman to make such a thing. They would never believe you.'("The Generalissimo's Butterfly")
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|At the heart of the American paradigm is the perception that law and its agents . . . police officers, correctional officers, attorneys and judges . . . are color-blind and thus justice is impartial, objective and seeks la verdad (the truth). But, la realidad (reality) differs.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|... the logic of supernatural horror [is] a logic founded on fear, a logic whose sole principle states: "Existence equals nightmare." Unless life is a dream, nothing makes sense. For as a reality, it is a rank failure..
Marty Rubin|Everybody thinks it’s going to be different for them, Janice said. The dinosaurs thought so too.
Philippe Ariès, Western Attitudes toward Death: From the Middle Ages to the Present|Too evident sorrow does not inspire pity but repugnance, it is the sign of mental instability or of bad manners: it is morbid.
Iain Banks|With a little effort, anything can be shown to connect with anything else: existence is infinitely cross-referenced.
John Green, Paper Towns|You just gotta tell her, man,’ I said. ‘You just gotta say, “Angela, I really like you, but there’s something you need to know: when we go to my house and hook up, we’ll be watched by the twenty-four hundred eyes of twelve hundred black Santas.
Plato|The Muse herself makes some men inspired, from whom a chain of other men is strung out who catch their own inspiration from theirs.
Nikki Rowe|They'll tell you who they think you should be they'll even try to manipulate you into believing it but let me tell you something son, if I listened to who I was supposed to be - this, everything we are and do wouldn't be in existence. Be a leader, find yourself and make a life with it. Those who judge you and try to force the patterns of their beliefs onto you are envious they haven't the strength in themselves to do the same.
Alan Moore, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen: Black Dossier|Not thou alone, but all humanity doth in its progress fable emulate. Whence came thy rocket-ships and submarine if not from Nautilus, from Cavorite? Your trustiest companions since the cave, we apparitions guided mankind's tread, our planet, unseen counterpart to thine, as permanent, as ven'rable, as true. On dream's foundation matter's mudyards rest. Two sketching hands, each one the other draws: the fantasies thou've fashioned fashion thee.
Nick Joaquín, Culture and History|Technical people don't make good slaves. Without their wholehearted cooperation, things fall apart.
Pasi Ilmari Jääskeläinen, The Rabbit Back Literature Society|There is always, always, always something to write about.
Jean Baudrillard|An author is a fool who, not content with boring those he lives with, insists on boring future generations.
Amit Kalantri|She is a mess, her dress once pulled together long and fresh, now drooping and awkwardly weighted to one side of her head. "What happened? Are you okay?" The women clamor around her.Nick walks out in perfect order and perfect swagger, passing her with a downward glance. "You forgot your panties". He said tossing her underwear onto the table in front of her. After being embarrassingly ignored by the group of debutants, the nearby college boys feel justified by the turn of events and break into hysterics. Slinking out the side door, the mortified women exit without another word.
Jeremy Corbyn|My dad's a firefighter, so I know what it's like for policemen and firefighters to be on their own on Christmas Day.
Blaine Harden, Escape from Camp 14: One Man's Remarkable Odyssey from North Korea to Freedom in the West|I am evolving from being an animal,' he said. 'But it is going very, very slowly. Sometime I try to cry and laugh like other people, just to see if it feels like anything. Yet tears don't come. Laughter doesn't come.
Edward N. Luttwak|In the absence of expert [senior military] advice, we have seen each successive administration fail in the business of strategy - yielding a United States twice as rich as the Soviet Union but much less strong. Only the manner of the failure has changed. In the 1960s, under Robert S. McNamara, we witnessed the wholesale substitution of civilian mathematical analysis for military expertise. The new breed of the "systems analysts" introduced new standards of intellectual discipline and greatly improved bookkeeping methods, but also a trained incapacity to understand the most important aspects of military power, which happens to be nonmeasurable. Because morale is nonmeasurable it was ignored, in large and small ways, with disastrous effects. We have seen how the pursuit of business-type efficiency in the placement of each soldier destroys the cohesion that makes fighting units effective; we may recall how the Pueblo was left virtually disarmed when it encountered the North Koreans (strong armament was judged as not "cost effective" for ships of that kind). Because tactics, the operational art of war, and strategy itself are not reducible to precise numbers, money was allocated to forces and single weapons according to "firepower" scores, computer simulations, and mathematical studies - all of which maximize efficiency - but often at the expense of combat effectiveness.An even greater defect of the McNamara approach to military decisions was its businesslike "linear" logic, which is right for commerce or engineering but almost always fails in the realm of strategy. Because its essence is the clash of antagonistic and outmaneuvering wills, strategy usually proceeds by paradox rather than conventional "linear" logic. That much is clear even from the most shopworn of Latin tags: si vis pacem, para bellum (if you want peace, prepare for war), whose business equivalent would be orders of "if you want sales, add to your purchasing staff," or some other, equally absurd advice. Where paradox rules, straightforward linear logic is self-defeating, sometimes quite literally. Let a general choose the best path for his advance, the shortest and best-roaded, and it then becomes the worst path of all paths, because the enemy will await him there in greatest strength...Linear logic is all very well in commerce and engineering, where there is lively opposition, to be sure, but no open-ended scope for maneuver; a competitor beaten in the marketplace will not bomb our factory instead, and the river duly bridged will not deliberately carve out a new course. But such reactions are merely normal in strategy. Military men are not trained in paradoxical thinking, but they do no have to be. Unlike the business-school expert, who searches for optimal solutions in the abstract and then presents them will all the authority of charts and computer printouts, even the most ordinary military mind can recall the existence of a maneuvering antagonists now and then, and will therefore seek robust solutions rather than "best" solutions - those, in other words, which are not optimal but can remain adequate even when the enemy reacts to outmaneuver the first approach.
James W. Kalat|If I give with the motive to get, regardless of the degree to which that motive besets me, I will walk away impoverished and I will leave those to whom I have given just as impoverished as I have now found myself.
John Keats|Besides, a long poem is a test of invention, which I take to be the Polar star of Poetry, as Fancy is the sails - and Imagination the rudder.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|The fact that labour is external to the worker, i.e., it does not belong to his intrinsic nature; that in his work, therefore he does not affirm himself but denies himself, does not feel content but unhappy, does not develop freely his physical and mental energy but mortifies his body and his mind. The worker therefore only feels himself outside his work, and in his work feels outside himself.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Wherever love is blind, hatred can't see.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|Não importava que Deus no céu fosse católico, protestante ou hindu. O que importava era uma coisa mais profunda, mais antiga e mais forte do que qualquer imagem dessas: um conceito do bem baseado na afirmação da vida, na repulsa à destruição, à perversidade, ao uso e abuso do homem pelo homem. Era a afirmação do humano e do natural.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|Many of the seminal social issues of our time - poverty, lack of education, human trafficking, war and torture, domestic abuse - can track their way to our theology of, or beliefs about, women, which has its roots in what we believe about the nature, purposes, and character of God.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Why do you have a cigarette lighter in your glove compartment?" her husband, Jack, asked her. "I'm bored with knitting. I've taken up arson
Warren Rudman|We know that communication must be hampered, and its form largely determined, by the unconscious but inevitable influence of a transmitting mechanism, whether that be of a merely mechanical or of a physiological character.
Angie karan|Would a rose still be a rose without its thorns? We need to embrace both our Light as well as our Dark side, and to let them come out to play to become whole, with out them or denying them and not admitting, we are denying the most important things and aspects in our life. Every side of us helps protect and teach us.
Blake Mycoskie, Start Something That Matters|If you organize your life around your passion, you can turn your passion into your story and then turn your story into something bigger - something that matters.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is difficult to fill a broken vessel, and impossible to fill a leaking one.
Patti Stanger|Getting as much sleep as possible and following a healthy diet will stop you from feeling run-down if, like me, you're super-stressed.
Bella  James, The Girl Who Cried Wolf|How quickly we damn ourselves when we start to talk, how small and inglorious we always sound.
Bruce Feiler|Every man, either to his terror or consolation, has some sense of religion.
Charles Stross, The Atrocity Archives|Idiots emit bogons, causing machinery to malfunction in their presence. System administrators absorb bogons, letting machinery work again.
Benjamin Suulola|Two categories of people can be found in the world today. There are those who make things happen and there are those who watch things happen. A spectator watch things happen while a player make things happen. In the same vein, history writers watch things happen and history makers make things happen. This is why history writers are always at the mercy of history makers.
Cheyenne McCray, The First Sin|It’s when I have to acknowledge the past and all of those nameless, faceless people I’d assassinated, that I unravel inside.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|Should the discovery of fire have been avoided because arsonists can misuse it? Any kind of information can be misused by those who are determined to do so. The place to stop the misuse of knowledge is not at the point of inquiry, but at the point of misuse.
Cathy Lamb, Such A Pretty Face|One thing we knew for certain- despite all our certainties, it was very difficult to guess what one individual was thinking at any given moment.
Leah Land|Settling for someone average, I want someone who makes me a better person and who makes me do the unthinkable, someone who I am painfully in love with to the point that there could never be anyone else.
Daniel Younger, Zen and the Art of Cannibalism: A Zomedy|I don't think any responsible performer would go on stage high. If he convinced himself he is better that way, he is deluding himself.
Polly Shulman, The Grimm Legacy|isn't that dangerous?" I objected. "What if somebody used it on people - what if they put it on replace and turned us all into fictional characters?""How do you know they haven't?" asked Marc.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|He did not falter, as long as there was a path that led toward his goal.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Compendium 1|But honestly... I just don't know what anyone's thinking. To me, that's scarier than any half-rotten ghoul trying to eat my flesh.
Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin|I noticed him right away. No, it wasn’t his lean, rugged face. Or the dark waves of shiny hair that hung just a little too long on his forehead. It wasn’t the slim, collarless biker jacket he wore, hugging his lean shoulders. It was the way he stood. The confident way he waited in the cafeteria line to get a slice of pizza. He didn’t saunter. He didn’t amble. He stood at the center, and let the other people buzz around him. His stance was straight and sure.
Jordan Silver, Broken|......he married a girl, he had no idea what the woman was going to be like. As soon as he got a glimpse he was running scared.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|There is the truth of history, and there is the truth of what a person remembers.
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|Life isn’t fair. It doesn’t make sense. This unfairness is felt by everyone, from the Las Vegas tunnel dweller all the way to the executive in the high-rise. To some, these “unfair” experiences become a chastening ball and chain attached for the remainder of life.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|I came from a traditional family, and it was an exciting but challenging transition to move to America and live on my own. The world around me was suddenly so different.
Agatha Christie, Murder Is Easy|Liking is more important than loving. It lasts. I want what is between us to last, Luke. I don't want us just to love each other and marry and get tired of each other and then want to marry some one else.""Oh! my dear Love, I know. You want reality. So do I. What's between us will last for ever because it's founded on reality.
E.M. Denning, Measure For Measure|Not only were my nerves shot, but my body was a traitor. I didn’t want to melt against him. I didn’t want to enjoy the feeling of his lips sliding across my skin. I didn’t want to like the possessive way his fingers dug into my waist or the way his erection pressed against me.
Ryū Murakami, Coin Locker Babies|Every one of a hundred thousand cities around the world had its own special sunset and it was worth going there, just once, if only to see the sun go down.
Lech Walesa|I'm sick of all these labels and these manufactured subdivisions of music that don't even exist. And even though I'm pierced myself, I'm sick of everyone equating body piercing with musical courage. If you ask me, it takes a lot more than that.
Stuart Land, Primal Daughters|Her short path through life had been written and it was not her right to know the meaning, only the outcome.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|And you can't love, not fully, unless you are loved in return.
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|Nothing could stir Eva's passion like a tall, muscular Scotsman disrobing. Lordy, she could watch him stand before her in the nude for hours.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, Great hope, Great courage.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|[On one of his comrades depicted in the book:]"Sasha was my friend … Like me, he was 19. But he didn't come home. He was killed 12 hours after this photo was taken.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|But when we are willing to walk in the way of Love, to embody the light of Christ to everyone we encounter, we open ourselves to see and understand the journeys of so many other people…we not only honour the perspective and experience of our brother or sister, but we…learn and have our eyes opened to a new way of being. Because our big, wild and diverse God is at work in millions of systems, philosophies, cultures, religions and people beyond our own.
Ramakrishna|We're fit, we're healthy, we eat right, we work out. 'Plus size model' does not mean that we're not healthy. Plus size is not glamourising obesity: it's about empowering. The message behind the fashion is feeling confident in whatever you're wearing.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Prince of Mist|I wished I could paint this ineffable beauty but I had never been artistic. I hadn’t even packed a camera, and my phone was out of charge. It didn’t matter. I just breathed in the feeling, savouring it. Suddenly I knew that I’d enjoy many more moving moments and visions of beauty, and that they’d sustain me for the rest of my life.
Ann Callis|I chose my pen name when I was ten, because I knew even then that my legal name would be more trouble than it was worth.
Sunday Adelaja|The decisions of citizens either in matters of private business or political life of the nation, are directly related to the prevailing value system of the nation
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|He held me much closer than Carl had. His grip was firm and possessive. It left no doubt in anyone’s mind who I belonged to and that alone sent a thrill through me that I knew was wrong. He imprisoned me in the unwavering chains of his gaze, leaving me powerless to break away while he scrutinized my soul. I wondered what he was looking for.“You came.”The hand on my waist slid over the swell in my spine where it connected to the rise of my backside. His palm flattened against the spot and I was drawn even closer, eliminating what modicum of space there had been between us. My soft frame was cradled seamlessly into the unyielding length of his in all the places that counted, thighs, pelvis, stomach … breasts. I couldn’t even breathe without feeling the skim of my hardened nipples against his chest. I couldn’t move without feeling his cock reaching for me through miles of fabric to prod into my midsection. He was long and hard and I grew wet from that knowledge alone.“Gabriel…”“I couldn’t leave without having this dance with you.”My fingers tightened around his shoulder. “Why?”His quiet exhalation whispered over the curve of my cheeks, smelling of mint and despair. “Because the further away I got from you, the more it felt like if I kept driving, I would lose you for good and that scared me like nothing else.
Lee Iacocca|I'm more interested in arousing enthusiasm in kids than in teaching the facts. The facts may change, but that enthusiasm for exploring the world will remain with them the rest of their lives.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The writers in the newspapers could sounds smart because they did not have the responsibilities of decision, and they could sound bold by enunciating positions which they were not required to implement.
Arthur Schopenhauer|This consists in not taking a book into one’s hand merely because it is interesting the great public at the time — such as political or religious pamphlets, novels, poetry, and the like, which make a noise and reach perhaps several editions in their first and last years of existence. Remember rather that the man who writes for fools always finds a large public: and only read for a limited and definite time exclusively the works of great minds, those who surpass other men of all times and countries, and whom the voice of fame points to as such. These alone really educate and instruct.One can never read too little of bad, or too much of good books: bad books are intellectual poison; they destroy the mind
Ashton Kutcher|Judging from the main portions of the history of the world, so far, justice is always in jeopardy.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|If all else fails, try to get some sleep…whether you realize it or not, getting enough sleep can make it easier to solve problems, control your emotions, and cope with change.
Marco Rubio|If you believe in science, like I do, you believe that there are certain laws that are always obeyed.
Neil Gaiman, Unnatural Creatures|They were waiting for me in the books and in stories, after all, hiding inside the twenty six characters and a handful of punctuation marks. These letters and words, when placed in the right order, would conjure all manner of exotic beasts and people from the shadows, would reveal the motives and minds of insects and of cats. They were spells, spelled with words to make worlds, waiting for me, in the pages of books.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Like the weather or bonds between lovers, transformations can never be predicted. All energy transmutes one day or another, in one way or another. Either in its form or composition, or in its position or disposition.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|Rose took my nose, I suppose,” he repeated; the bubble of phlegm in his throat made a disgusting crackle. “And it really blows.
Debasish Mridha|Love the peace not the war,love the humanity and take care.
Mahrukh|When I knew people, I knew me and when I knew me, I knew people.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Two by two, I read library books as fast as I could go, rushing them home in the basket of my bicycle. From the minute I reached our house, I started to read. Every book I seized on stood for the devouring wish to read being instantly granted. I knew this was bliss, knew it at the time. Taste isn't nearly so important; it comes in its own time. I wanted to read immediately. The only fear was that of books coming to an end.
G.M. Mes, Now-Men And Tomorrow-Men: Why We Are Not Equal?|Democracy is not a good by itself. It is completely dependent upon the nature of the people, both for its efficacy and for its survival. One can say that a “democratic” people, if placed under a dictatorship, would be more “democratically” ruled than a “dictatorship” people placed under a democracy and one can expect that both would very soon revert to the system that suited them. The system works for us, and it works extremely well, but to think that therefore a government should be judged by the measure of its “democracy” is sheer nonsense.
George S. Patton|I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.
Debasish Mridha|Even if you cover the whole world with darkness, you can never stop the sun from rising.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Be brave. Be free from philosophies, prophets and holy lies. Go deep into your feelings and explore the mystery of your body, mind and soul. You will find the truth.
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Future of American Progressivism: An Initiative for Political and Economic Reform|Hope is more the consequence of action than its cause. As the experience of the spectator favors fatalism, so the experience of the agent produces hope.
Václav Havel, The Power of the Powerless|For by this very fact, individuals confirm the system, fulfill the system, make the system, are the system.
Cherie Blair|I like simple food, seasoned with just salt, pepper, oil and vinegar. Complicated food and complicated lives are never good.
Richard Rogers|Architecture has a strong link with the movies in terms of time progression, sequencing, framing, all of that.
Hilary Swank|We do not kiss. We do nothing but hold on and breathe, but still I know. I cannot go gently now. Not even for the sake of my parents, my family.Not even for Xander.
Robin Romm, The Mercy Papers|On the flight over to Chicago, I thought of a story Mom had once told me from her days as a pediatric nurse. "There was this little boy I was taking care of," she said "and he was terminally ill,and we all knew it,but he kept hanging on and hanging on. He wouldn't die, it was so sad.And his parents were always there with him,giving him so much love and support,but he was in so much pain,and it really was,time for him to go.So finally some of us nurses took his father aside and we told him, 'You have to tell your son it's okay for him to go. You have to give him permission.' And so the father took his son in his arms and he sat with him in a chair and held on to him and told him over and over, that it was okay for him to go,and,well,after a few moments,his son died.
SmokinBrit|I might have known better, nothing is what everybody wants, the world runs on that law. Personally, if I could, I would instigate Meat-Axe Day, and out of the goodness of my heart I would whack your head off with a couple of others. Every man should be allowed one day and a hatchet just to ease his heart.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|In short, the Communists everywhere support every revolutionary movement against the existing social and political order of things.In all these movements they bring to the front, as the leading question in each, the property question, no matter what its degree of development at the time. Finally, they labour everywhere for the union and agreement of the democratic parties of all countries.The Communists disdain to conceal their views and aims.They openly declare that their ends can be attained only by the forcible overthrow of all existing social conditions.Let the ruling classes tremble at a Communistic revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win.WORKING MEN OF ALL COUNTRIES, UNITE!
Nicole Polizzi|Negative emotions like loneliness, envy, and guilt have an important role to play in a happy life; they're big, flashing signs that something needs to change.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Why should her lover, just because he is male, be in a position to judge her against other women? Why must she need to know her position and hate needing to, and hate knowing? Why should his reply have such exaggerated power? And it does. He does not know that what he says will affect the way she feels when they next make love. She is angry for a number of good reasons that may have nothing to do with this particular man's intentions. The exchange reminds her that, in spite of a whole fabric of carefully woven equalities, they are not equal in this way that is so crucial that its snagged thread unravels the rest.
Carl Sandburg|Look out how you use proud words.When you let proud words go, it is not easy to call them back.They wear long boots, hard boots; they walk off proud; they can’t hear you calling -Look out how you use proud words.
Matteson Perry|Most people weren't wired to see miracles, even when one was staring them in the face.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Even his conversation was, as it were, a spoken part.
George Harrison|No one would argue that it's in the United States' interest to have independent knowledge of the plans and intentions of foreign countries. But we need to think about where to draw the line on these kind of operations so we're not always attacking our allies, the people we trust, the people we need to rely on, and to have them in turn rely on us.
Idries Shah, Reflections|Right time, right place, right people equals success.Wrong time, wrong place, wrong people equals most of the real human history.
Christine Wicker, Not In Kansas Anymore|Evil does not fight against evil, rather it struggles against Good. Where as, Good does not struggle against evil, rather it overwhelmingly defeats it".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|For a dying man it is not a difficult decision [to agree to become the world's first heart transplant] ... because he knows he is at the end. If a lion chases you to the bank of a river filled with crocodiles, you will leap into the water convinced you have a chance to swim to the other side. But you would not accept such odds if there were no lion.
Carl Schmitt, The Plight of European Jurisprudence|Hauriou, became a crown witness for us when he confirmed this connection in 1916, in the midst of WWI: “The revolution of 1789 had no other goal than absolute access to the writing of legal statutes and the systematic destruction of customary institutions. It resulted in a state of permanent revolution because the mobility of the writing of laws did not provide for the stability of certain customary institutions, because the forces of change were stronger than the forces of stability. Social and political life in France was completely emptied of institutions and was only able to provisionally maintain itself by sudden jolts spurred by the heightened morality.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|The motor car with its blinds drawn and an air of inscrutable reserve proceeded towards Piccadilly, still gazed at, still ruffling the faces on both sides of the street with the same dark breath of veneration whether for Queen, Prince, or Prime Minister nobody knew. The face itself had been seen only once by three people for a few seconds. Even the sex was now in dispute. But there could be no doubt that greatness was seated within; greatness was passing, hidden, down Bond Street, removed only by a hand's-breadth from ordinary people who might now, for the first and only time, be within speaking distance of the majesty of England, of the enduring symbol of the state which will be known to curious antiquaries, sifting the ruins of time, when London is a grass-grown path and all those hurrying along the pavement this Wednesday morning are but bones with a few wedding rings mixed up in their dust and the gold stoppings of innumerable decayed teeth. The face in the motor car will then be known.
Lane Hayes, Leaning Into Love|Have you ever been so blindsided by a kiss you had to hold on for dear life to avoid toppling over like a sapling in a fierce storm? Yeah, me either. This was a first. It was no ordinary kiss. This felt like a revelation. Like a thunderclap accompanied by the soulful voices of a Greek chorus.
Trevor Byrne, Ghosts & Lightning|Lord Shiva, you my sunshine, my soul, Sivoham.
James Hudson Taylor|Do not have your concert first, and then tune your instrument afterwards. Begin the day with the Word of God and prayer, and get first of all into harmony with Him.
S.A.R.K.|Remember to delight yourself first, then others can be truly delighted."This was my mantra when I published my first book in 1990, and still holds true. When we focus on the song of our soul and heart, then others will be touched similarly. Sometimes people wonder or worry whether people will like or approve of their creative expression. It's none of your business. It's your business to stay present and focused for the work of your deepest dreams. It might look crooked or strange, or be very odd-but if it delights you, then it is yours, and will find it's way into other hearts.
Normani Kordei|For so many people, television and movies may be the only way they understand people who aren't like them.
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|De La Salle hung on for the 28-21 victory. Afterward, Ladouceur stood before his exhausted team. It was by far the biggest victory in school history at the time, but the coach noticed that several of his players wore masks of disappointment. "It's OK to feel disappointed if you didn't play your absolute best," he told them. "That's what we're all about.
Christopher Price|Life Isnt A Game,Its A War,Always Having To FightFor What We Believe In.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|An eternal life is a life that one lives according to his or her decree to ultimately be a fine human being, agreeing with the concept of goodness, foreseeing the dangers ahead either by prophesies or by anticipation and to serve our Heavenly Father unselfishly.
Lora Ann, Branded|His life had made a complete three sixty, in one year. He had a family that he adored, a wife that he would die for and a whole new outlook on life.
Wilhelm Reich|Man's right to know, to learn, to inquire, to make bona fide errors, to investigate human emotions must, by all means, be safe, if the word "freedom" should ever be more than an empty political slogan.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|notable people do notable things for they take notice of the unnoticed.They think beyond our thinking. They look beyond what we all look. They try, fail, and try again.They dare unrelentingly. They don't die with their purpose. They die on their purpose. Though they die, their purpose ever lives.
Joseph Brodsky|We are a big country, with lots of advantages and history. We are proud to be French. We have to call on patriotism at this time... to ask for an effort in the battle against debt.
Edward Burns|When you are the lead in a romantic comedy, you have to worry about people really liking you.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|Jim slept deeply, lulled by the rhythmic rumble of the purring Pye.
Jeremy Gilbert, Anticapitalism and Culture: Radical Theory and Popular Politics|My children are monsters, Kiro thought. And I am responsible. Perhaps if I had read them the haikus of Basho when they were little instead of that American manifesto of high-pressure sales, Green Eggs and Ham...
Nenia Campbell, Black Beast|But fairytales were, at best, dirty mirrors whose warped and pitted surfaces reflected a highly distorted view of the truth, quite different from reality.
Susan Sontag|A writer, I think, is someone who pays attention to the w
Geoffrey Wood|In Joy, to lose one’s life is to gain it, and Joy never loses an opportunity to be lost in the other.
Luther Burbank|Justice, love, truth, peace and harmony, a serene unity with science and the laws of the universe.
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|Never tell yourself that it's going to be okay. Because more times than you know, it wont be okay. You'll crash and burn and your dreams will turn to ashes.
Howard Tayler|Maxim 6: If violence wasn't your last resort, you failed to resort to enough of it.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|As a kid I was deeply curious as to what college life would be like. Now that I am a university professor, I realize that this was a premonition that once I entered college I would never get out, and that my matriculation would turn into some sort of life sentence.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|We don't practice hospitality to point other people to ourselves, our church, or even our beliefs. We practice hospitality to point people toward the ultimate welcome that God gives every person through Christ.
Richard P. Feynman|Economic medicine that was previously meted out by the cupful has recently been dispensed by the barrel. These once unthinkable dosages will almost certainly bring on unwelcome after-effects. Their precise nature is anyone's guess, though one likely consequence is an onslaught of inflation.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|For you little gardener and lover of trees, I have only a small gift. Here is set G for Galadriel, but it may stand for garden in your tongue. In this box there is earth from my orchard, and such blessing as Galadriel has still to bestow is upon it. It will not keep you on your road, nor defend you against any peril; but if you keep it and see your home again at last, then perhaps it may reward you. Though you should find all barren and laid waste, there will be few gardens in Middle-earth that will bloom like your garden, if you sprinkle this earth there. Then you may remember Galadriel, and catch a glimpse far off of Lórien, that you have seen only in our winter. For our spring and our summer are gone by, and they will never be seen on earth again save in memory.
Winston S. Churchill|If you are going to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite.
Walter A. McDougall, Freedom Just Around the Corner: A New American History: 1585-1828|Automobile in America,Chromium steel in America,Wire-spoke wheel in America,Very big deal in America!Immigrant goes to America,Many hellos in America,Nobody knows in America,Puerto Rico's in America!I like the shores of America!Comfort is yours in America!Knobs on the doors in America!Wall-to-wall floors in America!
Bob Dylan|He didn't seem conventionally insane in any way that I could understand. But there was no way of comprehending him. In some eerie and fundamental way, he didn't appear to belong to our world. But that didn't seem the same as being mad.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|By studying yesterday, you will understand today.
Ace Antonio Hall|…a bar he sometimes sneaked into called The Slab. (They served bloody marys and zombies – stiff drinks they called them – and the jukebox only played dirges. A spotlight pinned dead go-go boys in cages, and though he’d never ventured to the refrigerated back room, he’d heard stories.)
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|By changing our history and our memory, they try to erase all our shame.
Charles L. Smith|The intercom buzzes while you're changing your shirt. You push the Talk button: "Who is it?" "Narcotics squad. We're soliciting donations for children all over the world who have no drugs.
Nora Roberts, Happy Ever After|If I only have ten minutes, Sam, this is what I want to say. You're not the best of us. You're more than that. You're better than all of us. If I only have ten minutes, I would tell you to go out there and live. I'd say...please take your guitar and sing your songs to as many people as you can. Please fold a thousand more of those damn birds of yours. Please kiss that girl a million times.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Truth is independent of all dogmas, ancient or modern.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Words aren't good enough for a lot of things, but we have to try.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|True intelligence is pure love which does not exclude or waste anything.Not even a grain of sand is excluded or wasted. There are no exceptions in what is set free and in what is in service to this setting free.Life, the formless, form and fragrance, knows exactly what it is doing.Life is pure, unfiltered Intelligence flowing as whatever shape is now appearing.It is alive and it is all calling us Home.Do you hear the grain of sand calling your name?It says, “Love.”Do you sense the truth of it?If not, lean in and ‘listen’ again - this time with the whole of your being.
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium is the Massage|The English language is simply not logical. It is strong, free, and beautiful.
George Orwell|If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.
Emma Jane Holloway, A Study in Darkness|You talk like we're in open warfare." "Aren't we?" The man blew on his tea. "You're pointing a gun at something." "I'm annoyed.
Prince Fielder|I find age such a foreign concept. I have to be reminded. I still have the extraordinary feeling of adventure, striking out into unknown fields.
Sonia Sotomayor|When the three branches of government have failed to represent the citizenry and the mass of the media has failed to represent the citizenry, then the citizenry better represent the citizenry.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Funny thing how when you reach out, people tend to reach right back. Best, then, to make sure your hand is open and not fisted.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I had a chat with May and I had a sweet talk with April but the lovely conversation that left me to ponder was the long talk I had with June. Mathematics came to tell me that May is 3, June is 4 and April is 5. ‘ This should have been the counting order’ Mathematics said to me, and added, if you add 3 and 5 you shall surely get 8 and if you find the mid of 8 you will get 4 which is June. Ask June why the disorder! So I quickly called June and asked, why have you change the order? June said, ‘my brother, in this era, you should least give men things which are in order. Let them ponder and put things in order and they will learn something better’. I had to ponder and wonder. Then June added, those who will ponder to know why I have change the order to be at the mid of the other shall get to the mid of the other and wonder why they are at the mid of the other and end the other in wonder but, those who would never see why they must ponder when they get to the mid of the other to know why I am there shall end the other in disorder. They shall end the other and wander in the end! I was quick to ask June, which other? June calmly said, the twelve disciples of the year. Disciples’? I asked. June quickly said, I mean months! In your journey of life, take a break as you journey and ponder over the journey; June concluded!
Emo Philips|What is Apple, after all? Apple is about people who think 'outside the box,' people who want to use computers to help them change the world, to help them create things that make a difference, and not just to get a job done.
Nauman Khan|they say every living thing requires proper nutrition to survive, they also say music is food for the soul, if that was true i would hav been long dead, hence proved that the soul which survive on music is not a soul but a desire and desires don't die until killed, we should be concerned about the soul which will be held accountable after our deaths, we should make sure our soul is not on dieting now a days
Samuel Johnson|It scares you: all the noise, the rattling, the shaking. But the look on everybody's face when you're finished and packing, it's the best smile in the world; and there's nobody hurt, and the well's under control.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|When has been disappointed for so long, hope becomes the enemy. One cannot be dashed to the earth unless one is lifted first, and I learned to avoid hope.
GopS OctavE|Indeed, in that sense we’re all rather often almost like mad people, only with the slight difference that the ‘sick’ are somewhat madder than we are, so that it’s necessary to draw a line here.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|The road to hell” (in the metaphorical sense, of course), occurs when the people who have good intentions fail to act, follow-through, or live up to their promises, all of which creates stress, frustration, and disappointment. People can be earnest and well-meaning, but their words become hollow when actions do not follow their words. By setting good intentions and taking deliberate action to back intentions up, you can transform your results.
Bill Bryson, The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid|...And although thus short, we shorten many ways,Living so little while we are alive;In eating, drinking, sleeping, vain delightSo unawares comes on perpetual night,And puts all pleasures vain unto eternal flight.
Deanna Raybourn, A Curious Beginning|He considered that a moment, rolling the sweet over his tongue. "There are times when it is entirely safe to show one's vulnerability, to roll over and reveal the soft underbelly beneath. But there are other times when pain must be borne without a murmur, when the pain is so consuming that if you give in to it, even in the slightest, you have lost everything.
Stephen Charles Gould|As always, violence created more violence [Jehane Noujaim, "Tahrir Square, Cairo: Lost and Found in the Square"].
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|We all build internal sea walls to keep at bay the sadnesses of life and the often overwhelming forces within our minds. In whatever way we do this—through love, work, family, faith, friends, denial, alcohol, drugs, or medication—we build these walls, stone by stone, over a lifetime. One of the most difficult problems is to construct these barriers of such a height and strength that one has a true harbor, a sanctuary away from crippling turmoil and pain, but yet low enough, and permeable enough, to let in fresh seawater that will fend off the inevitable inclination toward brackishness.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|What stops most people in their tracks. It’s not the dreaming, we all have dreams. It’s not the visioning process. It’s usually the hard part of the equation. The part where we need to create action.
Samantha King, Born to Love, Cursed to Feel|Born to love, cursed to feel.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|It was a chilly morning after the night's rain, and the sun hung in the sky like a pale coin lost by someone high up in the clouds.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Seeing the skylines The heart becomes pensive and still; Mammoth is the world,Our existence…almost nil!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|No matter your age, a smile makes you look and feel better. People spend billions of dollars every year to get pumped, pulled, tucked, and tweaked in hopes of being more beautiful. But there is nothing like a genuine smile to transform your appearance and provide an instant facelift.
John Corwin, Dark Light of Mine|That’s funny. You would think after being followed and shoved into a dark alley by a stranger, you would be at least a little shaken. Don’t tell me, you are a black belt just waiting for the perfect moment to strike.” He laughed soundlessly. “I mean your words do sound brave but your eyes and the fact that you’re trembling like a scared little kitten say something else entirely.” Even though the alley was submerged in darkness and shadows, it was obvious there was a devilish grin stretched across his face...
James Buchan|My own view is that being a vegetarian or vegan is not an end in itself, but a means towards reducing both human and animal suffering and leaving a habitable planet to future generations.
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe: Rediscovering the Wonder of a God You Can't Control|If there is no scent of Christ’s love on someone, then they bear no evidence of true devotion to Christ.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|We have the money. We’ve just made choices about how to spend it. Over the years, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have restricted housing aid to the poor but expanded it to the affluent in the form of tax benefits for homeowners. 57 Today, housing-related tax expenditures far outpace those for housing assistance. In 2008, the year Arleen was evicted from Thirteenth Street, federal expenditures for direct housing assistance totaled less than $40.2 billion, but homeowner tax benefits exceeded $171 billion. That number, $171 billion, was equivalent to the 2008 budgets for the Department of Education, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Agriculture combined. 58 Each year, we spend three times what a universal housing voucher program is estimated to cost (in total ) on homeowner benefits, like the mortgage-interest deduction and the capital-gains exclusion. Most federal housing subsidies benefit families with six-figure incomes. 59 If we are going to spend the bulk of our public dollars on the affluent—at least when it comes to housing—we should own up to that decision and stop repeating the politicians’ canard about one of the richest countries on the planet being unable to afford doing more. If poverty persists in America, it is not for lack of resources.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|Suddenly high song awakens me, and I leave all this tedious routine far, far distant; I listen, till all the world is changed, and the beautiful earth becomes more beautiful.
Amy Jarecki, The Time Traveler's Christmas|Though we are not together in body, know that I will always be with you in spirit. I will be in the whistling wind and in your dreams. Think of me in the joy of watching snow fall and know that I am thinking of you always.
Jonny Kennedy|What's more, the kaleidoscopic blend of gender-variant and gender-typical traits that characterizes gay people is exactly what enables us to make our own unique contributions to society. It's the reason that we should be valued, celebrated, and welcomed into society rather than merely being tolerated. The aim should be to foster acceptance of gay people as we are, in all our rich diversity and not to seek acceptance by shoe-horning ourselves into conformity with the straight majority.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|More than ninety-five percent of your brain activity, as you consciously read this sentence, is being used by your subconscious mind.
Jorge Luis Borges|Poets, like the blind, can see in the dark.
Micheline Jean Louis|Like the worthless dogs that are his countrymen, my husband believed that his penis was wasted if he was faithful to just one woman. - At the Sound of the Last Post
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Excuses are a time thief. Have a goal, accept responsibility, and take action!
Francine Prose|She emerges from the station directly across from the restaurant. And she's right on time. Like magic, Sonya thinks, briefly saddened to realize that this is what magic means now: not being late, not getting lost on the subway. Whatever happened to the fairy godmothers, to all those bunnies yanked out of hats?
Charlotte Carpenter|Christmas and Easter can be subjects for poetry, but Good Friday, like Auschwitz, cannot. The reality is so horrible it is not surprising that people should have found it a stumbling block to faith.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Show Love to the Snake and it will Bite you at the End, Because, hatred and enmity toward Humanity is in its DNA
Bob Schieffer|You kind of invite a little spooky, creepy vibe into your whole experience of making a movie.
Bear Grylls|Adventure should be 80 percent 'I think this is manageable,' but it's good to have that last 20 percent where you're right outside your comfort zone. Still safe, but outside your comfort zone.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Some things are hard to write about. After something happens to you, you go to write it down, and either you over dramatize it, or underplay it, exaggerate the wrong parts or ignore the important ones. At any rate, you never write it quite the way you want to.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|When it comes to family, everything gets personal.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|As the head of an expedition, you can't pussyfoot around being polite to everyone. You have to show your teeth once in a while; a little growling goes a long way.
Ingmar Bergman|I came from Paris in the Spring of 1884, and was brought in intimate contact with him [Thomas Edison]. We experimented day and night, holidays not excepted. His existence was made up of alternate periods of work and sleep in the laboratory. He had no hobby, cared for no sport or amusement of any kind and lived in utter disregard of the most elementary rules of hygiene. There can be no doubt that, if he had not married later a woman of exceptional intelligence, who made it the one object of her life to preserve him, he would have died many years ago from consequences of sheer neglect. So great and uncontrollable was his passion for work.
Jodi Picoult, Songs of the Humpback Whale|Even if we have grown so far apart that we don't recognize each other when we pass, we have this life, this block of time, and what do you think about that?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus demands to be Master and Lord of every part of your life. Is He Lord of your mind, of what you think, read, and believe? Of what you dream about, meditate on, and entertain yourself with? Do your eyes belong to Christ? Can [you] ask God’s blessing on it? Can [you] do this to the glory of God?
|The essence of life isn't just to survive, but to also introduce your life to a very meaningful positive purpose.
Timothy Joshua|The only thing that mattered to me, was the fact that I mattered to you.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|With silence comes mindfulness, and thus we become better at choosing our words with kind intent before we express them.
Sarah Silverman, The Bedwetter: Stories of Courage, Redemption, and Pee|Communication between people of different nationalities enriches human society and makes it more colourful.. Imagine our Russian intellectuals, the kind, merry, perceptive old women in our villages, our elderly workers, our young lads, our little girls being free to enter the melting pot of ordinary human intercourse with the people of North and South America, of China, France, India, Britain and the Congo. What a rich variety of customs, fashion, cuisine and labour would then be revealed! what a wonderful human community would then come into being, emerging out of so many peculiarities of national characters and ways of life. And the beggarliness, blindness and inhumanity of narrow nationalism and hostility between states would be clearly demonstrated.
Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World|When you trust someone, you don't need to know everything.
Charles Bukowski|America, the plum blossoms are falling.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Why’d you want to kill yourself? Didn’t you feel anything, or didn’t it hurt you?” Mandy questioned, looking puzzled. “Yes, I suppose it did, … it was strange, it was sharp, that’s all I can think of to describe it… and cold, but not cold like ice, more like… I don’t know, like something much worse, something horrible… and it seemed like the ground was falling upwards, becoming the sky… for a moment it made me consider that it was just a dream, that I was on some sort of drug, and then I remember being overjoyed to see the sky was still above me, then just really sad, really tired… and then I don’t remember much else about it,” Alecto told her, glaring straight ahead at the sky with narrowed eyes. “I don’t mind, I’m not supposed to mind, anyway. Mearth already told me that eventually I would want to be dead, that it was inevitable… still, I sometimes wish that I could have done something good for other people in my life, it might have made up for all the bad stuff I’ve done.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the secret of life, you will never think negatively.
Faria Rehman|Light at the end of the tunnel says,this too shall pass, just keep moving with your head high.Break at times, fall for a while,but always get up and never give up.World will be mean to u,people will be unreasonable too.Just don't loose yourself to any of these.The light at the end of tunnel says,this too shall pass', just keep moving with your head high .
Fulton J. Sheen, Philosophy of Science|It's why you need other fingers, other tongues. Only other people can make you feel real.
Mohit.K.Misra|The Didots created happiness and power, or in this case, pain and sadness...but only within its subject’s mind.	The power it held was real, but it was not a physical power. It was the power of persuasion, the power of illusion.	Mr. Bradshaw was a genius.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Date Dead Men|Mama Ginger came calling, to set the alarm on my biological clock. Oh, and to remind me that there’s no point to me being a woman if I never have children.”“Well, if that’s true, I wasted a hell of a lot of money on panty hose and lipstick.” Jettie snorted.
Nathanie Randall|Sound the tocsin of national peril and hordes of well-meaning folk with nothing much to do always materialize from nowhere. They itch to meddle in great matters of which their comprehension is usually pretty dim, and have no objection to getting their names and pictures in the papers.
Siri Hustvedt, The Blindfold|There was a language specific to all things. The ability to learn another language in one arena, whether it was music, medicine, or finance, could be used to accelerate learning and other arenas, too.
Kyra Sedgwick|And of course there's so much music in and around our family. I had a piano during Christmas because it's obviously useful through the season. There are so many people, songwriters, who are around.
Susan Conant, Black Ribbon|In dog culture, when someone calls you, you should absolutely not come if that results in the ending of something you like or initiation of something you don’t like.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you, and that'swhy.
Bianca Sommerland, Defensive Zone|You have a gorgeous ass, and it holds handprints beautiful
C.M. Rayne, Dark Oracle|Trying to destroy darkness is like trying to crush water. It will always be a part of you, whether you admit it or not.
Iain M. Banks, Inversions|One believed what one was told to believe, what it made sense to believe. Unless one was a foreigner, of course, or a philosopher.
J.R. Scott, Remote Control Volume I: Owned From Afar|As he pulled his crayon out, The world was painted in glowing scarlet...
Debasish Mridha|When you are loving, kind, and true everyone will find astonishing beauty within you.
Becca Vry, Musings: An Argyle Empire Anthology|You have the freedom and the ability to decide what to do with your life, and that includes learning how to welcome happiness again. It's a conscious choice we each have to make, to emerge from the embers of profound loss and hopelessness, to become the fire that warms us, lights our path, all of it. We can embody that warmth and light.
Beatrix Campbell, Stolen Voices: The People And Politics Behind The Campaign To Discredit Childhood Testimony|(Talking about the movement to deny the prevalence and effects of adult sexual exploitation of children)So what does this movement consist of? Who are the movers and shakers? Well molesters are in it, of course. There are web pages telling them how to defend themselves against accusations, to retain confidence about their ‘loving and natural’ feelings for children, with advice on what lawyers to approach, how to complain, how to harass those helping their children. Then there’s the Men’s Movements, their web pages throbbing with excitement if they find ‘proof’ of conspiracy between feminists, divorcing wives and therapists to victimise men, fathers and husbands.Then there are journalists. A few have been vitally important in the US and Britain in establishing the fightback, using their power and influence to distort the work of child protection professionals and campaign against children’s testimony. Then there are other journalists who dance in and out of the debates waggling their columns behind them, rarely observing basic journalistic manners, but who use this debate to service something else – a crack at the welfare state, standards, feminism, ‘touchy, feely, post-Diana victimhood’. Then there is the academic voice, landing in the middle of court cases or inquiries, offering ‘rational authority’. Then there is the government. During the entire period of discovery and denial, not one Cabinet minister made a statement about the prevalence of sexual abuse or the harm it caused.Finally there are the ‘retractors’. For this movement to take off, it had to have ‘human interest’ victims – the accused – and then a happy ending – the ‘retractors’. We are aware that those ‘retractors’ whose parents trail them to newspapers, television studios and conferences are struggling. Lest we forget, they recanted under palpable pressure.
Harriet Hubbard Ayer, Harriet Hubbard Ayer's book: A Complete and Authentic Treatise on the Laws of Health and Beauty|Where is any author in the world Teaches such beauty as a woman's eye? — Love's Labor Lost. The eyes appears to be more immediately connected with the soul than any other organ. A woman reflects every emotion, almost every thought from her two wonderful, priceless eyes, and no feature of her face is more a telltale of her nature. "Show me," says the old Chinese proverb, "a man's eyes, and I will tell you what he might have been. Show me his mouth, and I will tell you what he has been." The same is true of women. Up to thirty or thirty-five a woman may be actress enough to make her eyes tell one tale, while her life would reveal another; but little by little the true state of a woman's soul stands forth in the expression, the frankness, the furtiveness, the candor, or the boldness
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|How we care for ourselves gives our brain messages that shape our self-worth so we must care for ourselves in every way, every day.
Chris Gardner|It's better to find success through God, than finding it on one's own merits; some who usually find their own success become boastful, where through God it's with gratitude.
Lori L. Otto, Lost and Found|one transcendent kissthat later makes lovers takesoft breaths, holding hands
Anthony Beal|After I was diagnosed with celiac disease, I said yes to food, with great enthusiasm. . . . I vowed to taste everything I could eat, rather than focusing on what I could not.
Tony Garnett, The Day the Music Died: A Memoir|We are on location, this is not a vacation.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Though some may see their shortcomings as the greatest evil from the pit of hell, while some throw invectives at God for bringing them into a cruel, problematic world. These shortcomings are transient, the greatest evil does its work and needs no interrogation, their invectives are just a waste of time, and the world is the most sweetest to those with a functional taste buds.
Henry Mintzberg|I didn't study science beyond high school level, but I'd been reading a lot of science books by people like Richard Dawkins, Matt Ridley and Daniel Dennett. I also spent a year working on a fellowship in a research centre - the Allan Wilson Centre - where I got a hands-on look at their work sequencing DNA.
Viggo Mortensen|'Bloomberg's, you know, for people who don't use the service, provides through the Internet - through specialized computers - information about the financial world. It's a very large data base. I think they have on the order of a billion dollars or more a year in revenue.
Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life|A goal is a specific objective that you either achieve or don't sometime in the future. A system is something you do on a regular basis that increases your odds of happiness in the long run. If you do something every day, its a system. If you're waiting to achieve it someday in the future, it's a goal. If you achieve your goal, you celebrate and feel terrific, but only until you realize you just lost the thing that gave you purpose and direction. Your options are to feel empty and useless, perhaps enjoying the spoils of your success until they bore you, or set new goals and reenter the cycle of permanent presuccess failure. All I'm suggesting is that thinking of goals and systems as very different concepts has power. Goal-oriented people exist in a state of continuous presuccess failure at best, and permanent failure at worst if things never work out. Systems people succeed every time they apply their systems, in the sense that they did what they intended to do. The goals people are fighting the feeling of discouragement at each turn. The systems people are feeling good everytime they apply their system. That's a big difference in terms of maintaining your personal energy in the right direction.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christians are not powerless. We have the mighty power of God available through God the Holy Spirit, even in this world.
Britany Lopez|If only sorrow could bring hope, I'd learn to live again
R.A. Salvatore, The Thousand Orcs|In my opinion, actual heroism, like actual love, is a messy, painful, vulnerable business—and I wanted to try to reflect that.
Ibraheem Hamdi, The Cashmere Scarf|On my bedside table is a snow globe with a winterscape inside. Church, park bench, girl standing shin-deep in snow. Tip the snow globe over and a blizzard of slow snow falls over church and bench and girl. What is it about snow globes that makes them fascinating and terrifying at once?My heart lurches at the thought of the snow-globe girl waiting endlessly, with only the hope of a new snow blizzard to settle on her mantle when the next person tips her snow-globe world over. Not a gust of breeze may ruffle her skirt, not a bird may perch atop the steeple. The only way out of a snow globe is by shattering the glass dome that is its sky.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|I thank my mother (Ma, you're only second cause you got the dedication), who used to make me write essays whenever I got into trouble, explaining exactly what I'd done and why I'd done it.
Philip K. Dick, Ubik|He could see the tall, peeling yellow building at the periphery of his range of vision. But something about it struck him as strange. A shimmer, an unsteadiness, as if the building faded forward into stability and then retreated into insubstantial uncertainty. An oscillation, each phase lasting a few seconds and then blurring off into its opposite, a fairly regular variability as if an organic pulsation underlay the structure. As if, he thought, it's alive.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|I lost my temper," I finish. "I lost my temper. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.""Well, no one means to lose their temper, my boy," the Captain smiles. "If they did, it wouldn't be lost.
Tony McCollum|When people walk away from you, let them go. Your destiny is never tied to anyone who leaves you, and it doesn't mean they are bad people. It just means that their part in your story is over.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|V settled back against the pillows and measured the hard line of her chin."Take off your coat.""Excuse me?""Take it off.""No.""I want it off.""Then I suggest you hold your breath. Won't affect me in the slightest, but at least the suffocation will help pass the time for you.
Ada Adams, ReVamped|You do not know your vampire nature. You are like an adult who, looking back on his childhood, realizes that he never appreciated it. You cannot, as a man, go back to the nursery and play with your toys, asking for the love and care to be showered on you again simply because now you know their worth. So it is with you and mortal nature. You've given it up. You no longer look "through a glass darkly." But you cannot pass back to the world of human warmth with your new eyes.
Scott Edmund Miller|Recently, the search for what he calls "the splinters that make up different attention problems" has taken Castellanos in a new direction. First, he explains that your brain is far less concerned with your brilliant ideas or searing emotions than with its own internal "gyroscopic busyness," which consumes 65 percent of its total energy. Every fifty seconds, its activity fluctuates, causing what he calls a "brownout." No one knows the purpose of these neurological events, but Castellanos has a thesis: the clockwork pulses enable the brain's circuits to stay "logged on" and available to communicate with one another, even when they're not being used. "Imagine you're a cabdriver on your day off," Castellanos says. "You don't need to use your workday circuits on a Sunday, but to keep those channels open, your brain sends a ping through them every minute or so. The fluctuations are the brain's investment in maintaining its circuits online.
Wayne Chirisa|In order to discover who you are within, you need to attune your visionary world deep in your sub-conscience to the outward world and live it.
Gale Martin, Who Killed 'Tom Jones'?|When men were ready to marry, look out. Their evolution busted out all over. They nabbed the closest female hanging out near their caves, anyone who looked like she would clean his wooly mammoth tunics down by the creek, keep his fires burning, bear his children, and tote his brood around on a fur-clad hip.--Ellie Overton
Paul Brinkley-Rogers, Please Enjoy Your Happiness|I am saving my love in four parts. One part I will give to my family, because they give life to me. One part I will give to my future husband, because he will be the one who I will accompany with me for the rest of the life. The third part I will give to my husband's family, because if it was not for his mother and father I would not have him. The fourth part I give to myself, because if a woman does not love herself, how she could love another?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will seek Creator, you find Him.
Maria Semple|The love of the famous, like all strong passions, is quite abstract. Its intensity can be measured mathematically, and it is independent of persons.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|But he was wounded, and tired, and winter was still upon him.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|So holding many factors constant, we find that living in a civilization reduces one’s chances of being a victim of violence fivefold.
Juan Filloy, Op Oloop|His leap was exact, mathematical. The initial arc - head tucked between taut arms that spread out gradually like wings - was as graceful as a swan dive.
Aundrea Ascencio, Grey|If I, as a child, claim that something awful has happened—that someone has done something terrible to me—and everyone around me acts as if nothing is the matter, then either I must be crazy, or all of them are. And when you’re a kid and your life depends on all these people, there is no choice: of course, I must be crazy.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I thought it was love. No, it wasn't. It was marriage
Mordecai Richler|Sometimes daughter who is loved by her father very much and loving her father very much, she is getting hurt by her lover very much.
S.E. Lynes, Valentina|Everything was new, everything was exciting. We were playing house, it seemed, playing at being grownups. When you’re in love, I suppose everything feels like a game.
Shandy L. Kurth|Bring on the controversy. I write real life. It's harsh and sometimes gritty, but it's real. Why should we tip toe around that?
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 2|When it comes to death, procrastination is encouraged.
Matt Apuzzo|I've learned to accept the fact that my students are far too busy preparing for their own legal careers to care one bit about the off-campus antics of Professor Burke. I get the impression that my students are vaguely aware of my novels, but are at best mildly curious.
Tee Morris, The Case of the Pitcher's Pendant: A Billibub Baddings Mystery|If there was magic in this world, it happened within sight of the three bases and home plate. All the gems in my world that decorated the walls and floors of dragons' lairs, the sword hilts of privileged princes, and crowns worn by emperors and kings, were nothing compared to the beauty and splendor of the diamond in Wrigley Stadium. It wasn't just a yard with dirt, chalk lines, bases, and a small hill in its center. Wrigley was a field of dreams. Dreams of eternal glory for the men who ran to the outfield, who took their respective bases, and prepared for battle against those who would dare enter their hallowed realm. Dreams for the kids in the stands, all wanting to don a uniform, kiss their moms goodbye, and wield their bats as enchanted weapons destined to knock the cover off the ball. And for the adults who had already selected their lot in life, Wrigley made the dreams of past innocence, lost wonder, and the promise that there was something inherently good still left in the world, come true.Yeah, corny as hell. But all true.
Mehmet Murat ildan|My Everest is not your Everest. Your Everest is not mine. We all have an Everest. Each of us. Sometimes the peak is literally Mount Everest but most times it lies deep within us, figuratively occupying a mountainous inner space. It calls us to rise up, to do what we formerly labeled as impossible, and to be who we deeply and desperately want to be. I know that I have found an Everest when my soul furiously pokes me repeatedly until I listen. Heeding this call to passionate adventure of any sort initiates a journey of intense immense proportion that changes every molecule of my being.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you can sit with your pain, listen to your pain and respect your pain — in time you will move through your pain.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The space is appropriately shoe-boxy and all the shelves are there. I've set them up with a coordinate system, so my program can find aisle 3, shelf 13 all by itself. Simulated light from the simulated windows casts sharp-edged shadows through the simulated store. If this sounds impressive to you, you're over thirty.
Jack Kornfield, The Art of Forgiveness, Lovingkindness, and Peace|If you put a spoonful of saltin a cup of waterit tastes very salty.If you put a spoonful of saltin a lake of fresh waterthe taste is still pure and clear.Peace comes when our hearts areopen like the sky,vast as the ocean.
Xondra Day|I feel safe when people threaten me, but I feel threaten, when people respect me, because I understand they want something, but I do not understand what they want.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|21Most food goes to waste in affluent societies. When we throw leftovers into the garbage, it goes to waste. When we eat more food than we need, it goes to waist.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|It rained today. You sat with me. We listened to the pit-patter, felt the cold breeze and got drenched in countless emotions. We didn't say a word to each other. Today, 'words' were mute spectators of our growing love.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|The citizen of Oceania is not allowed to know anything of the tenets of the other two philosophies... Everywhere there is the same pyramidal structure, the same worship of semi-divine leader, the same economy existing by and for continuous warfare.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Poems ancient and modern prowled the ice floes in bear form, filled with words that could wound with their beauty.
Jenna Alatari|Today changes yesterday, and all the days to come. Today changes everything! The attitudes we carry in the present will change the way we view yesterday, and help us cope and make peace with all the moments behind us. It will also carry us forward in a brighter direction. The present moment is the most important, because it is what is happening right now.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Comfort blindfolds; difficulty brings realization.Pain reveals; disappointments plant trigger of actions.Fear controls; ignorance deceives.Anger torments; silence keeps.Misunderstanding divides; love joins.Laughter starts; deception suspects.Frowning cautions; sorrow remembers.Purposefulness moves; idleness wastes.When you live in comfort, ponder.When you live in pain, take lessons.When life goes up, plant your feet and appreciate the height.When life goes down, envision the height and dare to get there with tenacity. Life is how you take and manage things. Be a manager of things or things shall be your manager
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|In life,You can either play the hand you've been dealt or decide to fold. Just remember that you are not alone in this journey of life. People experience hardships all the time. You learn from those difficult moments and become stronger.
Giorgio Roversi, The Amorality of Atheism|The undermining of Christian faith, systematically pursued by Western cultural and political elites, does not lead to some sort of secular Utopia with its own “neutral” morality, but to the rise of religious beliefs other than Christianity, which will bring their own – often opposite - moral values. On the clean slate of atheism anything can be written, even sharia law.
Terry Spear, Jaguar Pride|He tossed her over his shoulder and stalked back to the bedroom.	"What do you think you're doing?"	"I've had enough babysitting duty. It's time for some grownup action.
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|In Euclid's Elements we meet the concept which later plays a significant role in the development of science. The concept is called the "division of a line in extreme and mean ratio" (DEMR). ...the concept occurs in two forms. The first is formulated in Proposition 11 of Book II. ...why did Euclid introduce different forms... which we can find in Books II, VI and XIII? ...Only three types of regular polygons can be faces of the Platonic solids: the equilateral triangle... the square... and the regular pentagon. In order to construct the Platonic solids... we must build the two-dimensional faces... It is for this purpose that Euclid introduced the golden ratio... (Proposition II.11)... By using the "golden" isosceles triangle...we can construct the regular pentagon... Then only one step remains to construct the dodecahedron... which for Plato is one of the most important regular polyhedra symbolizing the universal harmony in his cosmology.
D WordSmith|If a heart breaks and nobody hears it, how do you know if its really broken?
Michael Bassey Johnson|There are people who feel they should be with you, but something is preventing them from coming close. Please can you just lower the frequency of your stern looking face and smile...and they will make you their habit.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|It’s supposed to be hard. If it wasn’t hard, everybody would do it. It’s the hard that makes it great.
Rabindranath Tagore|Children are living beings - more living than grown-up people who have built shells of habit around themselves. Therefore it is absolutely necessary for their mental health and development that they should not have mere schools for their lessons, but a world whose guiding spirit is personal love.
Robin Sacredfire|Dying for the world is not noble in anyway but a disgrace for the rest of the world itself, for those that don't do absolutely anything to support, help or even bleed. It's like going to war alone, while our friends cheer and applaud from the distance. It's not fun and doesn't make me proud in any way. Most so-called spiritual people in this world, are not spiritual, they think they are but they're braindead, they are living their own fantasies, their own Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings Stories, but not truly bleeding for life. And so, it's quite interesting when my friends do all they can to stop me from leaving them, from changing country, while at the same time, they give me no reason to justify being attached to them.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Ah sortay jist laugh whin some cats say that racism's an English thing and we're aw Jock Tamson's bairn up here . . . it's likesay pure shite man, gadges talkin through their erses.
Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey Into Night|There is this quote that I read a long time ago. A quote that I loved and made me feel strong. It had stuck with me over the years, like so many of the other words by the a
J.R.R. Tolkien|We have come from God, and inevitably the myths woven by us, though they contain error, will also reflect a splintered fragment of the true light, the eternal truth that is with God. Indeed only by myth-making, only by becoming 'sub-creator' and inventing stories, can Man aspire to the state of perfection that he knew before the Fall. Our myths may be misguided, but they steer however shakily towards the true harbour, while materialistic 'progress' leads only to a yawning abyss and the Iron Crown of the power of evil.
Charles Bukowski, Post Office|And even though I adore the fact that Francesca has Ben's eyes, I also see now that her biological connection to us is irrelevant. She is her own little person. She is Francesca. If we weren't her "natural" parents, we would still have loved her just as much.
Victoria Smurfit|You've got to think lucky. If you fall into a mudhole, check your back pocket - you might have caught a fish.
Ray Bradbury|Children are turning themselves into monsters and, quite frankly, it is your fault. You initiated the creation of this technology, then you allowed it to slip through your fingers.”Miriam’s jaw tightened. “I disagree, but now is the least optimal time imaginable for assigning blame. People are dying, and I will not stand around debating semantics with you while they are.
Sunday Adelaja|Every time we dedicate our time and other resources to others to the people around us, we serve God
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Enthusiastic people take action rather than setting up roadblocks or distractions. What helps grow enthusiasm and build momentum is having a clear vision of what motivates you, which will help you remain focused.
Starhawk, The Fifth Sacred Thing|I couldn’t,” he finally whispered. “You were the one who taught me to live, to take chances. For a while, I convinced myself that we were too different, and that it was better to let you go. But now, I’ve come to the realization that my life is probably going to be very short. And I want to spend it doing something that matters. With someone that matters. I don’t want to regret that I gave up without a fight.
Jeane Manning, Breakthrough Power: How Quantum-Leap New Energy Inventions Can Transform Our World|Prototypes of inventions that use novel combinations of resonance, magnetism, states of matter, certain geometries or inward swirling motion to unlock the secrets of universal energy have already been built. They provide proof of new or rediscovered principles. In many variations of these inventions, a small input triggers a disproportionately large output of useable power.""These energy converters don't violate any laws of physics if they simply tap into a previously unrecognized source of power - background space. A flow of energy from that source can continue day and night, whether or not the sun shines or the wind blows.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It's not just about what I can SEE for our future, or humanity; it's about what I can DO for our future and humanity.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|There are boneswaiting for names in the graveyards.Even the sun above us is dying, onelanded repetition of light at a time.
Alan Chadwick|we are the living links in a life force that moves and plays around and through us, binding the deepest soils with the farthest stars.
John D. MacDonald, The Green Ripper|I want out of this place.With no reminders."It stings -sulphur tearsin cinnamon rain.
Penelope Fletcher, Demon Girl|I had stood and stared at the webbing of steel then wished for a hole to climb through. The wires had just unraveled without setting off the klaxon. I remembered thinking with a horrible kind of panic that I had somehow done withcraft, and was convinced I was the blackest kind of evil. Then I realized how ridiculous I was being, and figured it was a coincidental gift from the universe, or something.
Jessica Coupé, Life Abundant a 30 day devotional for Latter-day Saint Women|[Mary] says her memories Will help those of usNewly come to our Lord’s mercy,To live in His light.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|I have seen your heart, and it is mine.
Holly Duckworth|Do billboard salesmen record their sales on charts? If so, who's at the top of the billboard charts for billboard sales?
Andrei Codrescu, Zombification: Stories from National Public Radio|Secrets. Everyone has them. The light of day and truth reveal some secrets to be nagging obsessions or habits, while other secrets may be as incriminating as a literal decaying skeleton in one’s closet.
Deyth Banger|The road will be one long, I'm sure at that. So far the real friends are few, but few more challanges and few of them will gone also, won't they?
Daisaku Ikeda|‎"Those who give up dreams, do injury to their own hearts and cannot possibly enjoy a profound sense of fulfillment in the end.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Never give up the freeness of your soul. Live your duty to mankind, nurture creatures of this world as a true mother of the earth, but never shut your imagination off from those desires that distinguish you from the ordinary. Never allow yourself to be sapped of that extraordinary energy that is the necessary ingredient for creating something new and progressive.
Ryan Reynolds|In many college classes, laptops depict split screens - notes from a class, and then a range of parallel stimulants: NBA playoff statistics on ESPN.com, a flight home on Expedia, a new flirtation on Facebook.
R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior|The Divine "goodness" differs from ours, but it is not sheerly different; it differs from ours not as white from black, but as a perfect circle from a child's first attempt to draw a wheel. But when the child has learned to draw, it will know that the circle it then makes is what it was trying to make from the very beginning.
Metallica, Metallica: Death Magnetic|Investigating Koreiko's case might take a long time," said Ostap. "God only knows how long. And since there is no God, nobody knows. We are in a terrible bind.
Khalil Gibran|The foolish man conceives the idea of 'self.' The wise man sees there is no ground on which to build the idea of 'self;' thus, he has a right conception of the world and well concludes that all compounds amassed by sorrow will be dissolved again, but the truth will remain.
Oswald Chambers|Her mind was present because she was always gone. Her hands were filled because they grasped the meaning of empty. Life was simple. Her husband returned and she served him with indifferent patience this time. When he asked what had happened to her heat for him, she gestured to the west.The sun was setting. The sky was a body of fire.
Clarence Clemons|My smile will always be broken, but I'll always be grateful for the chance to get to do what I get to do.
Jason Aldean|I come from an interracial family: My father is from Nigeria, and so he is African-American, and my mother is American and white, so I rarely see skin color. It's never an issue for me.
Eloisa James, An Affair Before Christmas|That's your mom, right?" Pathik smiled. "She looks nicer than she did when she was dragging you away the other night.
Linus Pauling, Linus Pauling on Peace: A Scientist Speaks Out on Humanism and World Survival|Science is the search for the truth--it is not a game in which one tries to beat his opponent, to do harm to others. We need to have the spirit of science in international affairs, to make the conduct of international affairs the effort to find the right solution, the just solution of international problems, and not an effort by each nation to get the better of other nations, to do harm to them when it is possible. I believe in morality, in justice, in humanitarianism.
John Mortimer|A nonhuman animal had better have a good lawyer. In 1508, Bartholomé Chassenée earned fame and fortune for his eloquent representation of the rats of his French province. These rats had been charged with destroying the barley crop and also with ignoring the court order to appear and defend themselves. Bartholomé Chassenée argued successfully that the rats hadn't come because the court had failed to provide reasonable protection from the village cats along the route.
Drew Nellins Smith, Arcade|When employers designate certain jobs "professional" and insist that employees have professional training – not just the technical skills that seem sufficient to do the work – they must have more in mind than efficiency. Hierarchical organizations need professionals, because through professionals those at the top control the political content of what is produced, and because professionals contribute to the bosses' control of the workforce itself.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.
Martin Puryear|I have a traditional view of the afterlife... heaven, hell and judgments. But the accounts of those places are scant, and I believe it's on purpose. We aren't supposed to try to figure out the architecture of the afterlife, since the big game is here in this life.
Esther Vilar, The Polygamous Sex|Power consists in making oneself the goal of another person's social instincts, without seeking to satisfy one's own social instincts through him. The other then does everything one asks. Powerlessness consists in wanting or having to satisfy one's social instincts through another person whose social instincts one has not succeeded in concentrating on oneself - one then does everything the other asks.
Winston Graham, The Angry Tide|Character is a choice whatever the circumstance; In the NRM you can choose to be a Hon. Ruhakana Rugunda, an Ofwono Opondo or a Tamale Mirundi. And in the Opposition you can choose to be a Gen. Mugisha Muntu, a Munyagwa or a Kato Lubwama.
Darynda Jones, Seventh Grave and No Body|The gates of hell are open night and day;Smooth the descent, and easy is the way:But to return, and view the cheerful skies,In this the task and mighty labor lies.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Someday", you said you'd do it yesterday; Yesterday, you said you'll do it today. Today, if you push it to tomorrow, it's likely tomorrow, you'll shift it to "Someday"! Do it now!
David Perlmutter|The best diet for overall health, and specifically for heart, brain, and cancer risk reduction, is a diet that's aggressively low in carbohydrates with an abundance of healthful fat, and this is the central theme of 'Grain Brain.'
Paul Shaffer|You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You owe the world a load of wisdom to dispense. If you lay hands on the grace, make it happen. They world needs you!
Olaf Stapledon, A Man Divided|But why," he said with animation, "do the English not read their own great literature?"Victor laughed triumphantly, and said, "Because at school they are made to hate it.
Olivia Munn|To keep the heart unwrinkled, to be hopeful, kindly, cheerful, reverent - that is to triumph over old age.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|Paradise is the heart of the people who speak well of you; who think fondly about you because of your exemplary life. Hell is is the heart of the people who curse you, who wish you were dead for your evil actions against them
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Marsh: Our best efforts were never even a mild annoyance to the Lord Ruler."Kelsier: Ah, but being an annoyance is something that I am very good at. In fact, I'm far more than just a 'mild' annoyance--people tell me I can be downright frustrating. Might as well use this talent for the cause of good, eh?
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|We have to respect freedom only when it is intended for freedom, not when it strays, flees itself, and resigns itself. A freedom which is interested only in denying freedom must be denied. And it is not true that the recognition of the freedom of others limits my own freedom: to be free is not to have the power to do anything you like; it is to be able to surpass the given toward an open future; the existence of others as a freedom defines my situation and is even the condition of my own freedom. I am oppressed if I am thrown into prison, but not if I am kept from throwing my neighbor into prison.
Minhal Mehdi|Home is not a place, but rather, the people who love you.
Confucius|Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater a man’s folly, the greater his enslavement. The wiser a man is, the greater his freedom.
James Gould Cozzens, Castaway|The recognition of his carelessness filled Mr. Lecky with fear and anger. In the dusk his eerie heart could anticipate the hours of terror which he had laid up for himself. Sounds, real or imaginary, the silences and secrets of the night, the working of his own mind, skilled in cruel illusion and rich in evil fancy, would find him without recourse.
Avina Celeste|If you keep doing what you have always done, your life will never change. Change your routine.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, The Complete Poetical Works of Dante Gabriel Rossetti|I have been here before, But when or how I cannot tell: I know the grass beyond the door, The sweet keen smell, The sighing sound, the lights around the shore.
Josephine Tey, The Daughter of Time|If God didn't want me to cross boundaries, then he wouldn't have made me a writer.
Archie Henderson|Archie Henderson has won no awards, written no books and never played any representative sport. He was an under-11 tournament-winning tennis player as a boy, but left the game when he discovered rugby where he was one of the worst flyhalves he can remember. This did not prevent him from having opinions on most things in sport.His moment of glory came in 1970 when he predicted—correctly as it turned out—that Griquas would beat the Blue Bulls (then still the meekly named Noord-Transvaal) in the Currie Cup final. It is something for which he has never been forgiven by the powers-that-be at Loftus. Archie has played cricket in South Africa and India and gave the bowling term military medium a new and more pacifist interpretation. His greatest ambition was to score a century on Llandudno beach before the tide came in.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Ambition was a dull pain, like a continually broken heart.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|I don't believe in the concept of hell, but if I did I would think of it as filled with people who were cruel to animals.
Richelle E. Goodrich|If folks don't like the way you look, they almost never take the time to find anything out about you. They just make up their own stories
Balroop Singh|All people like to be praised as it boosts their self-esteem, keeps them motivated and happy but it also pushes them into the abyss of sham, which is propelled by hypocrisy and sycophancy.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Moments come & moments go, but can last a lifetime in your heart. Make them count!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Jacinta never told Penelope that she loved her. The nurse knew that those who really love, love in silence, with deeds and not with words.
A.S. King|Fanatics are like debris following the course of the wind, they are swept around like sand, and convinced to believe in what they do not understand.
Steven Chopade|They be like what's the formula? I be like kiss the Son, kiss your worries goodbye.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We may not be able to stop evil in the world, but how we treat one another is entirely up to us.
Teresa Medeiros, Yours Until Dawn|As he shook off his servant’s grip and staggered heavily to his feet, the sunlight streaming through the outside door struck him full in the face.Samantha gasped.A fresh scar, still red and angry, bisected the corner of his left eye and descended down his cheek in a jagged lightning bolt, drawing the skin around it taut. It had once been an angel’s face with the sort of masculine beauty reserved only for princes and seraphim.
Tobe Hooper, Midnight Movie|The old folks say there is only black and white. That may do for their tidy lives, but it doesn’t apply to all of us. We, Supergirls for real and the wretched creature at my feet, live in the gray and the mist. We may never see the stars, but we believe in the dream of them.
Eden Phillpotts, Saurus|The values we rightly associate with the modern age - the "liberty, equality, and fraternity" of the French revolution - are all endangered today not by the dead hand of tradition but by modernity itself, and they can be salvaged only by moving beyond it.
Jillian Rose Reed|The Bible tells us to love our neighbors as ourselves. Surely part of loving in this way is trying to understand what another person wants us to understand. I may not understand perfectly and I may not agree, but if I love you I should try to know what it is you wish I could know.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Everything in your mental life proceeds in proper neurological order. If you could have sufficient insight into all the inner and outer parts of your mental life, along with remembrance and intelligence enough to consider all the circumstances and take them into account, you would be a true prophet and visualize the future in the present as in a mirror.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|We will never cease our critique of those persons who distort the past, rewrite it, falsify it, who exaggerate the importance of one event and fail to mention some other; such a critique is proper (it cannot fail to be), but it doesn't count for much unless a more basic critique precedes it: a critique of human memory as such. For after all, what can memory actually do, the poor thing? It is only capable of retaining a paltry little scrap of the past, and no one knows why just this scrap and not some other one, since in each of us the choice occurs mysteriously, outside our will or our interests. We won't understand a thing about human life if we persist in avoiding the most obvious fact: that a reality no longer is what it was when it was; it cannot be reconstructed. Even the most voluminous archives cannot help.
Charles Edison|If there is a ground zero in the cultural wars, it is Missouri, a state where pro-life groups are strong and well organized and their agenda dominates local politics.
Haruna Idowu|I know they were mean to me and to you, but helping them now is the right thing to do.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Untold|And you don't ever have to worry about what I feel. The way I feel about you won't change. You can do whatever you like to me. You could turn this town to dust, burn the woods until they were cinders, you could cut out my heart. It wouldn't matter. It would not change a thing.""What if I ate a baby?"Jared's mouth curved up at the corners, slow and not cruel at all. "I'm sure you'd have a good reason," he said.
Teresa Morgan|The claim at the heart of this book has been carefully researched by several generations of scholars and is orthodox in academic circles, if not beyond. Christians under the Roman Empire were neither constantly persecuted nor martyred in huge numbers for their faith. They were prosecuted from time to time for alleged sedition, holding illegal meetings or refusing to sacrifice to the emperor. They were, like other convicts, sometimes tortured and executed in horrible ways. They seem to have been regarded by many Romans with distaste as a particularly silly superstition. But Christian stories of thousands of individual and mass martyrdoms over centuries have at best a limited basis in historical fact, and in many cases are sheer fiction.
John A. Widtsoe, Priesthood and Church Government|If we talk about the living oracles and want to pay respect to them, how shall we do this? Shall we do it by never reading their words-by paying not attention to that which they say? That is a very poor way of doing.We ought to listen to their words. When we cannot hear their words, we should read them; for they are the words of the authorized servants of God. I feel that there is a great neglect among us in this respect. --CR, 1897, 38, George Q. Cannon (CR is Reports of the General Conferences of the Church)
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The cotton was open and spilling into the fields; the very air smelled of it. In field after field as he passed along the pickers, arrested in stooping attitudes, seemed fixed amid the constant surf of bursting bolls like piles in surf, the long, partly-filled sacks streaming away behind them like rigid frozen flags. The air was hot, vivid and breathless--a final fierce concentration of the doomed and dying summer.
Arnold H. Glasow|The fact is that all writers create their precursors. Their work modifies our conception of the past, just as it is bound to modify the future.
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|Bring it on, fur-ass!
Jason Aaron, The Goddamned, Vol. 1: Before the Flood|Major scientific insights are characteristically intuitive, and equally characteristically described in scientific papers by linear analytical arguments. There is no anomaly in this: it is, rather, just as it should be. The creative act has major right-hemisphere components. But arguments on thevalidity of the result are largely left-hemisphere functions.
P.D. James|…It was embarrassing now to recall with what little regret he had let slip his pleasures and preoccupations, the imminence of loss revealing them for what they were, at best only a solace, at worst a trivial squandering of time and energy. Now he had to lay hold of them again and believe that they were important, at least to himself. He doubted whether he would ever again believe them important to other people.
Roy Moore|In recent years, anyone in the government, certainly anyone in the FBI or the CIA, or recently, in again, Clint's film, In the Line of Fire, the main bad guy is the chief advisor to the president.
Elaine Pagels|People who study the way religions develop have shown that if you have a charismatic teacher, and you don't have an institution develop around that teacher within about a generation to transmit succession within the group, the movement just dies.
John F. Kennedy|My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|Strong is the man who can pull apart his own pride and hopelessness; courageous is the man who then reaches in, near his most vital inner workings to pull out the slivers and shards of mortality that have worked their way in.It’s not about determining the shade of grey the white paint in the bucket has become, but finding where the black paint is dripping from, and stopping it.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|If you lock the door on sorrow,how will it leave your heart?
Ehsan Sehgal|If you're going down the wrong path, speeding up isn't going to help.
C.J.  Peterson|While the stories are fiction, the journey is real.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|A lot of people here some South in your mouth, and they automatically think you're dumb. They think if you talk funny, you are funny. – Lloyd Hand
Sanchita Pandey|Outsource your anxieties to God. This 'outsourcing' will help you in such a way that you will become only a witness to adverse situations, without becoming a part of the problem yourself.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|When service is unto people, the bones can grow weary, the frustration deep. Because, agrees Dorothy Sayers, 'whenever man is made the centre of things, he becomes the storm-centre of trouble. The moment you think of serving people, you begin to have a notion that other people owe you something for your pains... You will begin to bargain for reward, to angle for applause.'When the laundry is for the dozen arms of children or the dozen legs, it's true, I think I'm due some appreciation. So comes a storm of trouble and lightning strikes joy. But when Christ is center, when dishes, laundry, work, is my song of thanks to Him, joy rains. Passionately serving Christ alone makes us the loving servant to all. When the eyes of the heart focus on God, and the hands on always washing the feet of Jesus alone - the bones, they sing joy, and the work returns to it's purest state: eucharisteo. The work becomes worship, a liturgy of thankfulness.
Jennifer Roberson, Deepwood|Pain, Rhuan decided, did not simply hurt. Pain also exhausted a person, sapped his soul, thinned his spirit. Worse, pain was tedious.
Toni Sorenson|Progress isn't about how fast or how far you are moving, it's about the direction your heart and body is pointed. Keep those aimed at your truest north and you'll get to where you want to be.
Susan Forward, When Your Lover Is a Liar: Healing the Wounds of Deception and Betrayal|Love is a verb, not a noun. It is active. Love is not just feelings of passion and romance. It is behavior. If a man lies to you, he is behaving badly and unlovingly toward you. He is disrespecting you and your relationship. The words “I love you” are not enough to make up for that. Don’t kid yourself that they are.
Riley  Murphy, Reputable Surrender|Don’t be. There isn’t a person alive who hasn’t hurt someone and caused them to suffer. We’re human. We’re supposed to do that from time to time. The divine part comes in when we forgive the person who hurt us most, because we realize they’re worth suffering for."Michael Kavanaugh, Reputable Surrender
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|you might want to decide fast. We live in a dangerous world. If you see a chance to be happy, you have to fight for it, so later you have no regrets.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|It is not all books that are as dull as their readers. There are probably words addressed to our condition exactly, which, if we could really hear and understand, would be more salutary than the morning or the spring to our lives, and possibly put a new aspect on the face of things for us. How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
Anika Noni Rose|I'd been to Stourhead and was inspired by the perfect parity between architecture and art; in fact, the architecture is the art. I wrote a piece called 'Not Sculpture Park,' because most of these things become car parks for bought-in sculpture. The artists should be working with the site, not just plonking pieces down.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|Did they love me? The question is beside the point, somehow. Certainly they each spoiled me, mainly by giving me the false impression that I was entitled to attention nearly all the the time. They played. THEY were like children, if you consider that one of the things about being a child is that you are a parasite of sorts and have to brazen out self-righteously. I want. They were good at wanting and I shared much more common ground with them than with my mother when I was three or four years old.
Debasish Mridha|No purpose, no science, only love alone can justify and explain the mysteries of creation.
Legh Richmond|Engage in no pursuit in which you cannot look up unto God, and say, 'Bless me in this, my Father!
- Lilo & Stitch|A great "Mind" does not prove anything, his/her work speaks volumes.
Sherwood Anderson, Short Shorts|The girl and Doctor Reefy began their courtship on a summer afternoon. He was forty-five then and already he had begun the practice of filling his pockets with the scraps of paper that became hard balls and were thrown away. The habit had been formed as he sat in his buggy behind the jaded white horse and went slowly along country roads. On the papers were written thoughts, ends of thoughts, beginnings of thoughts.One by one the mind of Doctor Reefy had made the thoughts. Out of many of them he formed a truth that arose gigantic in his mind. The truth clouded the world. It became terrible and then faded away and the little thoughts began again.("Paper Pills")
Dan Gilbert|I don't feel 50. I'm still ambitious, and I've only just got my licence to race sports cars. I race for an Aston Martin team called Beechdean, and it's a huge challenge.
Dean Karnazes|My ideal travel companions are my surfboard, wetsuit, and guitar.
Gary Snyder|I see a vision of a great rucksack revolution thousands or even millions of young Americans wandering around with rucksacks, going up to mountains to pray, making children laugh and old men glad, making young girls happy and old girls happier, all of 'em Zen Lunatics who go about writing poems that happen to appear in their heads for no reason and also by being kind and also by strange unexpected acts keep giving visions of eternal freedom to everybody and to all living creatures.
Habeeb Akande|My mind may be sober, but my confidence is high!
Saint Ambrose|In general, the more food we eat in its natural state - without additives - and the less it is refined, the healthier it will be for us. Food can affect the mind, and deficiencies of certain elements in the body can promote mental depression.
Tori Spelling, sTORI Telling|It is as if my life were magically run by two electric currents: joyous positive and despairing negative--which ever is running at the moment dominates my life, floods it.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Terrifying, that the loss of intimacy with one person results in the freezing over of the world, and the loss of oneself! And terrifying that the terms of love are so rigorous, its checks and liberties so tightly bound together… Their relationship depended on her restraint… The premise of their affair, or the basis of their comedy, was that they were two independent people, who needed each other for a time, who would always be friends, but who, probably, would not always be lovers. Such a premise forbids the intrusion of the future, or too vivid an exhibition of need.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is very simple. To be happy, think happiness.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|Charlie had kissed a lot of guys. And Connor's kiss had been the best ever. Ever, ever, ever.
George Eliot|Being afraid to tell the truth because of the projected consequences, whatever it may be, shows a lack of faith and an abundance of fear.
Sitting Bull|Journalism's ultimate purpose is to inform the reader, to bring him each day a letter from home and never to permit the serving of special interests.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I think, therefore I'll think.
Johannes Kepler|Self-confidence has always been one of my good qualities. I am always very confident. It is in my nature to be confident, to be aggressive. And it applies in my batting as well as wicketkeeping.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|We watched each other evolve into parents, with all the fear, rage and confusion evolution can involve. Our eight-year-old is the incarnation of our union; we are forever fused by her blood. My old take on romance seemed vaguely ludicrous, as affected as a pair of spats. I no longer saw the point in 'getting back to normal', that pantomime of pretending nothing had changed; I wanted to evolve from sexual posturing into a deeper consciousness, that of love.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|Any man who criticizes my suicide and passes judgment on me with an expression of superiority, declaring (without offering the least help) that I should have gone on living my full complement of days, is assuredly a prodigy among men quite capable of tranquilly urging the Emperor to open a fruit shop.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Nourish your soul, mediate daily.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to get wealth, knowledge is needed.
Hannah Vandegrift|I love the world, just, you know...not the people in it.
Mason Cooley|Experience teaches that when the will and imagination are in conflict, the imagination usually wins. What we imagine may defeat our reason and make us slaves to what we taste, see, hear, smell, and feel in the mind's eye. The body is indeed the servant of the mind.
Graham Swift|Every author, however modest, keeps a most outrageous vanity chained like a madman in the padded cell of his breast.
Brad Wilcox|The English word Atonement comes from the ancient Hebrew word kaphar, which means to cover. When Adam and Eve partook of the fruit and discovered their nakedness in the Garden of Eden, God sent Jesus to make coats of skins to cover them. Coats of skins don’t grow on trees. They had to be made from an animal, which meant an animal had to be killed. Perhaps that was the very first animal sacrifice. Because of that sacrifice, Adam and Eve were covered physically. In the same way, through Jesus’ sacrifice we are also covered emotionally and spiritually. When Adam and Eve left the garden, the only things they could take to remind them of Eden were the coats of skins. The one physical thing we take with us out of the temple to remind us of that heavenly place is a similar covering. The garment reminds us of our covenants, protects us, and even promotes modesty. However, it is also a powerful and personal symbol of the Atonement—a continuous reminder both night and day that because of Jesus’ sacrifice, we are covered. (I am indebted to Guinevere Woolstenhulme, a religion teacher at BYU, for insights about kaphar.)Jesus covers us (see Alma 7) when we feel worthless and inadequate. Christ referred to himself as “Alpha and Omega” (3 Nephi 9:18). Alpha and omega are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet. Christ is surely the beginning and the end. Those who study statistics learn that the letter alpha is used to represent the level of significance in a research study. Jesus is also the one who gives value and significance to everything. Robert L. Millet writes, “In a world that offers flimsy and fleeting remedies for mortal despair, Jesus comes to us in our moments of need with a ‘more excellent hope’ (Ether 12:32)” (Grace Works, 62).Jesus covers us when we feel lost and discouraged. Christ referred to Himself as the “light” (3 Nephi 18:16). He doesn’t always clear the path, but He does illuminate it. Along with being the light, He also lightens our loads. “For my yoke is easy,” He said, “and my burden is light” (Matthew 11:30). He doesn’t always take burdens away from us, but He strengthens us for the task of carrying them and promises they will be for our good.Jesus covers us when we feel abused and hurt. Joseph Smith taught that because Christ met the demands of justice, all injustices will be made right for the faithful in the eternal scheme of things (see Teachings, 296). Marie K. Hafen has said, “The gospel of Jesus Christ was not given us to prevent our pain. The gospel was given us to heal our pain” (“Eve Heard All These Things,” 27).Jesus covers us when we feel defenseless and abandoned. Christ referred to Himself as our “advocate” (D&C 29:5): one who believes in us and stands up to defend us. We read, “The Lord is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckler” (Psalm 18:2). A buckler is a shield used to divert blows. Jesus doesn’t always protect us from unpleasant consequences of illness or the choices of others, since they are all part of what we are here on earth to experience. However, He does shield us from fear in those dark times and delivers us from having to face those difficulties alone. …We’ve already learned that the Hebrew word that is translated into English as Atonement means “to cover.” In Arabic or Aramaic, the verb meaning to atone is kafat, which means “to embrace.” Not only can we be covered, helped, and comforted by the Savior, but we can be “encircled about eternally in the arms of his love” (2 Nephi 1:15). We can be “clasped in the arms of Jesus” (Mormon 5:11). In our day the Savior has said, “Be faithful and diligent in keeping the commandments of God, and I will encircle thee in the arms of my love” (D&C 6:20).(Brad Wilcox, The Continuous Atonement, pp. 47-49, 60).
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|In the dream, Tana's mother loved her more than anyone or anything. More than death.
Zainab Salbi|Courage is often lack of insight, whereas cowardice in many cases is based on good information.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Are we not all flung into the world for no other purpose than to hate each other, and so to torture ourselves and one another?
Evinda Lepins|Did he judge on appearance alone? would he judge me? "Goth" doesn't cut it when it comes to a word that describes me. I'm complex. Complicated. No one gets me, and I like it that way.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Making of Zombie Wars|UGH. Boys. They're like French class--no matter how much I study, I'll never be fluent in the language.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Above all, staring at my old bedroom ceiling, I feel safe. Cocooned from the world; wrapped up in cotton wool. No one can get me here. No one even knows I'm here. I won't get any nasty letters and I won't get any nasty phone calls and I won't get any nasty visitors. It's like a sanctuary. I feel as if I'm fifteen again, with nothing to worry about but my Homework. (And I haven't even got any of that.)
Jessica Park, Flat-Out Love|Why is luge a sport? You dress up like a giant sperm and go sledding really fast. That’s hardly athletic. Phallic and sexy, yes. But hardly athletic.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to have success, you have to concentrate on your goals.
David W. Earle|[I]t's not enough to be right. I think you have to be generous. It's not enough to be logical. You have to be virtuous...[Y]our demeanor will carry your message, perhaps, even further than your words will...[P]eople don't just disagree with us. Many of them genuinely think that we are evil, and when people think you're evil, I don't think they listen very carefully to your words. They search your manner. They look for the slightest excuse to ignore all your impregnable arguments, all of your carefully-marshaled facts, and that's why we must never be mean-spirited or angry or petulant, or dismissive of the interest of others. I believe rudeness and arrogance, they would drive people away, that would only confirm their own prejudices. It's the excuse they're desperate for to walk away smug and happy and say 'these people are just small-minded angry bigots.' Our opponents don't recognize our good faith, but -and this is a hard thing- I think we must try our best to recognize their good faith...You can't expect them to recognize our good intentions unless we are willing to recognize theirs.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.
S.R. Crawford, Bloodstained Betrayal|I still need you. Killer, boyfriend, friend, whatever…I need you in my life…if for nothing else, to show me that it’s OK to be broken. It’s OK for things not to be OK.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You can’t even stay dead like a reasonable person!” he yelled, overjoyed at the sight of his brother. “What, you didn’t miss me?
Donna Lynn Hope|While struggling with all the loss in her life, she mournfully thought, "If only I could forget..." But that would be too easy, wouldn't it? However, she did with most; she never got too close and she never stayed too long, but there she was...struggling with all the loss in her life.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Whether in an advantageous position or a disadvantageous one, the opposite state should be always present to your mind.
Abraham Verghese|We have the sense that medical students come to medicine with a great capacity to understand the suffering of patients. And then by the end of the third year they completely lose that ability, partly because we teach them the specialized language of medicine.
Samar Sudha|Real friends are like autotroph, whether you pay your intentions or not but they keep calm your noons.
Plutarch|Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
Don C Harris|Eat clean to stay fit, have a burger to stay sane.
Sarah Dunn, Secrets to Happiness|Ordinarily, I am the person who falls in love quickly and somewhat inappropriately and then goes on to destroy what is a good thing. That's always been my style. So, you know: I get it. And I feel right now the way I imagine all those guys felt with me. And I have to say, for the first time in my life, I feel something approaching compassion for them.
Jonathan    Morris, Doctor Who: Touched By An Angel|Why do humans never do as they're told? Someone should replace you all with robots. No, on second though, they shouldn't, bad idea.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I was really lucky that, through my 20s, I got to work with some amazing people, and I tried to sit back and watch and learn.
George Sheehan|Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|If the lost word is lost, if the spent word is spentIf the unheard, unspokenWord is unspoken, unheard;Still is the spoken word, the Word unheard,The Word without a word, the Word withinThe world and for the world;And the light shone in the darkness andAgainst the Word the unstilled world still whirledAbout the center of the silent Word.Oh my people, what have I done unto thee.Where shall the word be found, where shall the wordResound? Not here, there is not enough silence
Mehmet Murat ildan|For the contented minds, lakes are oceans!
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|Another thing I take issue with are people who take their dogs on "play dates," or even worse, people who choose to dress their dogs up in outfits better suited for homosexuals participating in a gay pride parade. Dog costumes are right up there with something else I find particularly offensive: sweater vests.
Arthur Conan Doyle|On glancing over my notes of the seventy odd cases in which I have during the last eight years studied the methods of my friend Sherlock Holmes, I find many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, working as he did rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refused to associate himself with any investigation which did not tend towards the unusual, and even the fantastic.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|The investments of your youth, are drafts upon your old age. Invest sheer poetry in yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|On the path to greatness, life teaches you to walk with stones in your shoes.
Jane Dixon Rice|Every trace of the passionate plumage of the cloudy sunset had been swept away, and a naked moon stood in a naked sky. The moon was so strong and full, that (by a paradox often to be noticed) it seemed like a weaker sun. It gave, not the sense of bright moonshine, but rather of a dead daylight.
Ace Frehley|Wolves directly affect the entire ecosystem, not just moose populations, their main prey, because less moose equals more tree growth
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It is at the precise moment that I take something for granted that I have placed myself in the precarious position of losing that very thing. And if that thing I risk losing is liberty, taking it for granted is foolishness of the most foolish sort.
Max Greenfield|My husband and I click wedding rings sometimes and say, 'By the power of the Castle of Greyskull!'
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|CJ stepped toward her. His hand found her cheek. Natalie's eyes drifted shut. He was going to kiss her. "Good thing we practiced five years ago," he whispered. Natalie whimpered out a pathetic laugh, but then his lips were on hers, his hand tangled in her hair, his other hand holding her against him.And he kissed her.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, 10 Secrets of the New Rich: How To Join The World's New Breed Of Millionaires|At any point in time, the first thing to consider is, what could you possibly do, where you are, with the tools you have?
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Yes. We both have a bad feeling. Tonight we shall take our bad feelings and share them, and face them. We shall mourn. We shall drain the bitter dregs of mortality. Pain shared, my brother, is pain not doubled, but halved. No man is an island.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|Tatiana said. "Go on with Dasha. She is right for you. She is a woman and I'm-" "Blind!", Alexander exclaimed. Tatiana stood, desolately failing in the battle of her heart. "Oh, Alexander. What do you want from me..." "Everything", he whispered fiercely.
Robin Alexander, Fearless|...You agreed we would be fearless together. I’m gonna need you to keep your promise,” Haley said a little loudly. Falon’s office door opened, and Del stepped inside. “I heard a raised voice,” she said and gave Haley the eye. “Were you out there listening to our conversation?” Falon snapped. “Yes,” Del said unabashedly with her gaze locked on Haley. “I’m Falon’s bodyguard. Don’t let my manicure, impeccable high and lowlighted hair, and makeup fool you. I can have a shoe off my foot in less than half a second and peck you full of holes with the heel before you even know what hit you.” “Del!” Falon exclaimed as she hopped off her stool. “Honey, that might’ve scared me before I met Falon, but I’ve let monkeys climb in my shirt, and I’m about to get a tattoo.” Haley stepped up to Del. “Bring. It. On.
Oscar Wilde|Journalism largely consists in saying "Lord Jones is dead" to people who never knew Lord Jones was alive.
Juls Amor, THE YEAR OF THE FROG|I used to cry when I thought of living the rest of this life alone. Tears would fill my eyes while my heart would yearn. But now I feel empowerment in that acceptance. Power in knowing it is up to me to be happy ever after. I will not wait for him. After all, this awakening has just begun, it is going to take a man at the same point on the path I am. If I am going to fall allowing my spirit to completely melt into his manly grace, it is necessary he be awake.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|To all the women I say, don’t ask to be saved by anyone, “my brave baghinis” (tigresses). Remember, if you deem yourselves as sheeps, men will treat you as such, but if you deem yourselves as tigresses, then you are the ones who will shape humanity.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the dark time, a light is shine by a divine force.
Arnold Schoenberg, Style and Idea: Selected Writings|If it is art, it is not for all, and if it is for all, it is not art.
Thomas Sydenham|Love, like addiction, removes all choices...
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|Christian, Jew, Muslim, shaman, Zoroastrian, stone, ground, mountain, river, each has a secret way of being with the mystery, unique and not to be judged
Eldora Ma|factskeeper.com is news, technology, and entertainment providing platform.
Harrish Sairaman|When you have a kid in your house, it's time to learn rather than teach!!!
Felix Alba-Juez, Who was Right: Ptolemy or Copernicus?|Why is it so difficult for us to think in relative terms? Well, for the good reason that human nature loves absoluteness, and erroneously considers it as a state of higher knowledge.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays & Tom Brown at Oxford|The Law Polarity decrease that everything has an opposite it's the flip side of the coin, you're right my left, consider this next time you disagree with someone because their right from their point of view.
Abigail Adams|Sometimes, I wondered if I might speed up his words by grabbing his wrists and finishing his gestures for him.
José Antonio Bowen, Teaching Naked: How Moving Technology Out of Your College Classroom Will Improve Student Learning|Technology has bridged the gap of distant communication,bringing friends and family closely together but no matter the number of ‘likes’, tweets, chats, comments, posts and shares, none can compare to a sincere smile, a kind kiss and a warm hug
Laney Smith, Lock Creek: In Their Own Time|Indeed, there is something about reading in a restaurant that is borderline romantic. Leaning back in that corner booth, an evocative title in our hands, a stale cup of java in front of us, every so often bolting forward to jot a phrase onto the napkin, we look like, well, poets-unknown belletrists scraping through the hardscrabble years and awaiting the distinction that is imminent. the waiter of waitress refills our cup, we drop a memorable apothegm or two, share a laugh fraught with meaning, scope out the joint, and return to our tome. Nonbiblioholics strain to espy our title; conversation is struck up on things Kafkaesque and Kierkegaardian; and we forge a genuine biblioholic simpatico with all around.
Aaron Michael Ritchey, The Never Prayer|I'm not going to do it again," Lena Marquez whispered to the red purse across the hall from her nestle of blankets. "Never again.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|There is no room at all for independent enterprise under any variety of State Socialism. Prices are to be regulated authoritatively; authority is to fix what is to be produced, and how, and in what quantities. There is to be no speculation, no 'excessive' profit, no loss. There is to be no innovation unless it be decreed by authority. The official is to direct and supervise everything.
Miranda Neville, The Second Seduction of a Lady|He'd kept his figure despite being past his first youth. Pretty good for nearly forty.Who was she fooling? She knew quite well that he was thirty-five and a half, exactly five years older than she. Their birthdays were two days apart. It was absurd the way trivial facts lingered in the memory, facts as unimportant as what she had for dinner on Tuesday. Except that she couldn't remember last week's menu and she was annoyingly aware of Max Quinton's preference for lamb over beef, for apple tart over syllabub. He preferred Shakespeare to the modern poets, the country to the town.
Saru Singhal|People would say - to break free, to soar, and sadly, to chop your wings too. The moment you listen to them, you voluntarily put yourself in a cage. Be a free soul - fly or fall on your own terms.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|an unintentionally hilarious 84 percent of users answer this match question…Would you consider dating someone who has a vocalized a strong negative bias toward a certain race of people? In the absolute negative (choosing “No” over “Yes” and “It Depends”. In light of the previous data, that means 84 percent of people on OKCupid would not consider dating someone on OKCupid.
Anthony Pan|Why are you all quarrelling about whether certain miracles were or were not performed nineteen centuries ago in Palestine? Why must you be certain of those particular miracles, before you can believe in God? To-day, at this very moment, you are surrounded by miracles. Birth, death, sunrise, springtime, winter—are not all these miracles? You have forgotten them because you see them every day. In your silly self-conceit, you assure yourselves that all this is perfectly natural, and that science has long ago explained it all—but you forget that your science has only noted the existence of these miracles, and that their secret belongs as much as ever to the Almighty Ruler of the Universe in whom you find it so difficult to believe.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Man of the Crowd|There are some secrets which do not permit themselves to be told. Men die nightly in their beds, wringing the hands of ghostly confessors, and looking them piteously in the eyes — die with despair of heart and convulsion of throat, on account of the hideousness of mysteries which will not suffer themselves to be revealed.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Disturbed to her very soul, Finley could only shake her head. "You ask too much."A crooked grin curved his mouth. "Too much? You strange and wonderful girl, that is the least I'll ask of you.
Saki, The Complete Saki|I think she might at least have waited till the funeral was over,' said Amanda in a scandalized voice.'It's her own funeral, you know,' said Sir Lulworth; 'it's a nice point in etiquette how far one ought to show respect to one's own mortal remains.' ("Laura")
Noel Wells|At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is what rituals are for. We do spiritual ceremonies as human beings in order to create a safe resting place for our most complicated feelings of joy or trauma, so that we don't have to haul those feelings around with us forever, weighing us down. We all need such places of ritual safekeeping.
Lisa Kleypas, Prince of Dreams|... He didn't know how to say good-bye. His throat ached from the strain of holding back his emotions. “I don't want to leave you,” he said humbly, reaching for her cold, stiff hands.Emma lowered her head, her tears falling freely. “I'll never see you again, will I?”He shook his head. “Not in this lifetime,” he said hoarsely.She pulled her hands away and wrapped her arms around his neck. He felt her wet lashes brush his cheek. “Then I'll wait a hundred years,” she whispered. “Or a thousand, if I must. Remember that, Nikki. I'll be waiting for you to come to me.
Ken Gire, At Peace in the Storm: Experiencing the Savior's Presence When You Need Him Most|PRESIDENT BARTLETT: "See how benevolent I can be when everybody just does what I tell them.
Gloria Steinem|In short, we would discover, as we should already, that logic is in the eye of the logician. (For instance, here's an idea for theorists and logicians: if women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long? I leave further improvisation up to you.)
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Love changes you, grows you, and reveals all the places where your heart is small. SoulMate love is transformative. Not everyone is ready for that.
Ryszard Kapuściński, The Shadow of the Sun|Even a little practical working familiarity with cattle goes a long way in Africa, but how many international relations studies include this?
C. JoyBell C.|I don't hate you. I don't think I ever really did. It was just anger. And once I faced it head-on, once understood it, it dissipated. -Mia
Mehmet Murat ildan|If rocks did not persevere under heat and pressure, they would never become diamonds.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing|The true value of a man is not determined by his possession, supposed or real, of Truth, but rather by his sincere exertion to get to the Truth. It is not possession of the Truth, but rather the pursuit of Truth by which he extends his powers and in which his ever-growing perfectibility is to be found. Possession makes one passive, indolent, and proud.
O. Hallesby|Spread out your petition before God  and then say  "Thy will  not mine  be done." The sweetest lesson I have learned in God's school is to let the Lord choose for me.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|Sometimes I wonder, how different life would have been if everything was based upon perception. No struggle to find the truth, just a believe build upon what we see. Sun could be a ball, Earth would have been flat and I would have eaten Sun using my ice candy as a chopstick.
Conrad Williams|Even if I had convict ancestry, I wouldn’t be ashamed of it. As far as I’m concerned, the real criminals back in those days weren’t twelve-year-old boys nicking a loaf of bread or a pair of socks to ward off hunger and blisters. No, it was those who exploited them; keeping the battler in the gutter while they sat around in their manors, sipping tea and admiring portraits of their toffee-nosed great grandfathers.
Charli XCX|I loved the world of roller derby because I thought it was such an empowering metaphor, that you get out there and do it. It's such a rocker, athletic, capable, cool exhibitionist sport; it's about this great sort of camaraderie.
Jessica Bennett, Feminist Fight Club: An Office Survival Manual for a Sexist Workplace|If you’re the dad of a daughter, your job is particularly important, affecting her self-esteem, her autonomy, and her aspirations (according to one study, out of the University of British Columbia, daughters who see their dads doing chores are less likely to limit theircareer aspirations to stereotypically female industries, like teaching or nursing). But you can’t just talk the talk, you have to actually walk it. We promise, it’ll pay off for you, too! Working dads who spend more time with their kids are happier in their jobs. They’re also more patient, empathetic, and flexible—and at least one study claims it might just help them live longer.
Debasish Mridha|There are two kinds of love. One kind you live with, the other you write poetry about.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I think of my pile of old paperbacks, their pages gone wobbly, like they'd once belonged to the sea.
Farshad Asl|If there isn't a struggle, there's no stretch, and therefore no growth. Easy doesn’t change you and comfort won’t challenge you. Coasting isn't a strategy.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|Ganelon sighed. "Slowhand...""Never again," Clay said. "Where you stand, I stand.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|People develop a conscience with or without religion. Our culture teaches murder and cheating are wrong; we don't need religion to know this.Guilt comes from a different place in our mental experience, a place that is independent of general cultural training and directly related to religious indoctrination. That is why two people may feel guilt about different things while being equally convinced that cheating and murder are wrong.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|So, fuck ’em, we say. Fuck the mundane of Mainstream, the elitists of Literature. We’re GENRE FICTION and proud of it, proud to wear that brand painted on the backs of our biker’s jackets.
Hattie McDaniel|The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|I resented the idea of being talented. I couldn’t respect it — in my experience, no one else did. Being called talented at school had only made me a target for resentment. I wanted to work. Work, I could honor.
Mark F. LaMoure|Three golden keys that unlock the door to excellence are determination, hard work and practice.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|Time couldn’t kill me a century ago, and it won’t in all the centuries ahead. I am the Philosophy that has been there since the birth of human intellect. And I shall live on forever through the inner cosmos of billions of generations, yet to come, while enriching every single soul it touches with its ever-glowing and flourishing purity.
John Lanchester, Capital|No, Roger had not seen the funny side. But there had been a moment when, after looking at his watch, he had thought: I can remember when Christmas morning would start at about half past ten with a glass of Buck's Fizz in bed. Now it begins at half past five, with a test of my fine motor skills and ability to read Korean.
George Bernard Shaw, Androcles and the Lion|I am the god of dreams, but not even I would dream of speaking for Hades,” Morpheus replied with a mischievous look in his eyes. “But if I had to guess, I would say it’s because he knows how destructive his little brother is. Hades, unlike most of the other gods, cares for mortals and doesn’t want to see them at war. Probably because he has to tend their souls when they die. He has had to judge millions of souls and that has given him a strong sense of justice. Leaving you to fight Zeus with no training is something he would consider unjust.
Constance Cherry|If there is a God, you owe him far more than a morally decent life. He deserves to be at the center of your life.
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|I could say how well he dances, but that isn't true, for he dances like that big friendly bear I saw last Christmas.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When a beautiful reality looks unreal, you will realize that the beauty of reality is superior to any dream whatsoever!
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|We naturally think from our own perspective, from a point of view which tends to privilege our position. Fairness implies the treating of all relevant viewpoints alike without reference to one's own feelings or interests. Because we tend to be biased in favor of our own viewpoint, it is important to keep the standard of fairness at the forefront of our thinking. This is especially important when the situation may call on us to see things we don't want to see, or give something up that we want to hold onto.
Ben Fountain|When I write, I can be hear. And known. But nobody has to look at me. Nobody has to see me at all.
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|In return for their faithful service, they would receive Red Army food rations, which amounted to a generous ladle, twice daily, from a cauldron into which all appropriated food was thrown. The stew boiled twenty-four hours a day, a fatty broth of onions, roosters, rabbits, dead horse, turnips - whatever they happened on in the course of their collecting forays - the Red Army essentially lived off the countryside.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Never take another human being to the third life, because we don't know how to go.
Lemmy Kilmister|As you go through life's rich tapestry, you realize that most people you meet aren't fit to shine your shoes. It's a sad fact, but it's true. A good friend is someone who'd hide you if you were on the run for murder. How many of them do you know?
Steve Jobs|For a split second they stared at each other. A fleeting, lasting moment. One person noticing another person out of a whole crowd of strangers.
George Sand|There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
Emma Michelle|Whatever life brings, we'll share," she says, and "I can do no more than the best I can.
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|That's the worst of sorrow . . . it's always a vicious circle. It makes one tense and hard and disagreeable, and this means that one repels and antagonises people, and then they dislike and avoid one--and that means more isolation and still more sorrow.
Adam Gopnik|The sacred dimension is not something that you can know through words and ideas any more than you can learn what an apple pie tastes like by eating the recipe. The modern age has forgotten that facts and information, for all their usefulness, are not the same as truth or wisdom, and certainly not the same as direct experience.
Arthur Rimbaud, A Season in Hell|In the dawn, armed with a burning patience, we shall enter the splendid cities.
Dada Bhagwan|Anything you assume ownership of, it will strike back at you. Ultimately, even at the time of death, whomever you've had excessive intent of ownership, it will all become painful.
P.G. Wodehouse, Mike and Psmith|Were the ironies of taxation any better: raising money for schools and hospitals and roads and bridges, and spending it on blowing up schools and hospitals and roads and bridges in self-defeating wars?
Juan Mascaró, The Bhagavad Gita|There is no wisdom for a man without harmony, and without harmony there is no contemplation. Without contemplation there cannot be peace, and without peace can there be joy?
Ayn Rand, Anthem|I noticed that religion gave some people a way to escape dealing with the world: “Things will be better when you die,” the people of my grandma’s generation said as they worked themselves to death. “God wants you to forgive and love those who do you wrong,” some people said to shake off the shame of being unable to respond to the abuse they endured. The holier-than-thou faction found comfort in believing, “The rest of y’all are lost because you don’t have a personal relationship with God—our God.” But art engages you in the world, not just the world around you but the big world, and not just the big world of Tokyo and Sydney and Johannesburg, but the bigger world of ideas and concepts and feelings of history and humanity.
Jeffrey Carver|Write from the soul, not from some notion about what you think the marketplace wants.The market is fickle; the soul is eternal'.
Jose Marti|Government is a trust, and the officers of the government are trustees. And both the trust and the trustees are created for the benefit of the people.
K.J. McPike, XODUS|He smashed his lips together, and I knew what he was thinking. He always made that face before he brought up my mother. “Did it have anything to do with—”“Not everything is about my mom,” I snapped before he could get the words out. “Geez, you took one psychology class, and you think you’re frickin’ Freud.
Amy Schumer, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo|I think for anyone to become good at something, they have to fail a lot too. And they have to be completely unafraid to fail or they'll never make it to the next level.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Who do I write for? I thought about this again and again over the next few days until the answer crystalized in my consciousness. I write for all readers. But my primary interest is in representing the complex but universal experience of Somalis. I do this because the media representation of the global Somali community is one that is carved out of derivative clichés crammed with pirates, warlords, terrorists, passive women and girls whose entire existence seems to be nothing more than a footnote on the primitive dangers of female genital mutilation. I write because I want to give a long-overdue voice to a community that has experienced a tremendous array of challenges but who constantly face these challenges with the most wicked sense of humour, humility and dignity. My father always used to tell me that in our culture, the done thing when you’re facing hardship and your belly is empty is to moisturize your face, comb your hair, press your clothes and step out into the sun with your sense of humanity intact. It’s a lesson I’ve carried with me to this day.
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|Kessler depicts his developing intimacy with a handful of dairy goats and offers an enviable glimpse of the pastoral good life. Yet he also cautions, "Wherever the notion of paradise exists, so does the idea that it was lost. Paradise is always in the past." The title Goat Song is a literal rendering of the Greek word traghoudhia, tragedy. Reading it, I was reminded of Leo Marx's analysis of Thoreau's Walden. In The Machine in the Garden, Marx names Thoreau a tragic, if complex pastoralist. After failing to make an agrarian living raising beans for commercial trade (although his intent was always more allegorical than pecuniary), Thoreau ends Walden by replacing the pastoral idea where it originated: in literature. Paradise, Marx concludes, is not ultimately to be found at Walden Pond; it is to be found in the pages of Walden.
Clive Barker, Cabal|Ashes, ashes.” Her whispered words of an old rhyme smashed through the silence as thunder, and in unison, the shadow figures answered.“We all fall down.
Morgan Fairchild|It is money, money, money! Not ideas, not principles, but money that reigns supreme in American politics.
Latika Teotia|The worst is behind you. Lock it up in a deep dungeon and throw away the key. You could live through what you felt were your worst moments. Now hold your head high, wear that smile you had forgotten existed and show the world the new ‘you’.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|Faces close, they breathed into each other, their bodies slick with water and sweat.
Stephen Koch, The Modern Library Writer's Workshop: A Guide to the Craft of Fiction|If you have nothing good to say about someone, write a book about them. - Carmen Fox, Life Motto
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|I'm extra-good at wanting things. I want things until I feel sort of sick about them. I want enough for two normal people, at least.
Michel Houellebecq, Platform|That's precisely what's so extraordinary about you, you enjoy giving pleasure. Offering your body as an object of pleasure, giving pleasure unselfishly: that's what Westerners don't know how to do any more. They've completely lost the sense of giving. Try as they might, they no longer feel sex as something natural. Not only are they ashamed of their own bodies, which aren't up to porn standards, but for the same reasons they no longer feel truly attracted to the body of the other. It's impossible to make love without a certain abandon, without accepting, at least temporarily, the state of being in a state of dependency, of weakness. Sentimental adulation and sexual obsession have the same roots, both proceed from some degree of selflessness; it's not a domain in which you can find fulfilment without losing yourself. We have become cold, rational, acutely conscious of our individual existence and our rights; more than anything, we want to avoid alienation and dependence; on top of that we're obsessed with health and hygiene: these are hardly ideal conditions in which to make love.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Genieve Dawkins, The Turmoil Within|The friend is a human EdenBut Eden is so easily lostWhen you choose, choose wiselyBefore you share, count the cost
Michael S. Horton|The real problem is that our values are changing and the new ones are wearing us out. But they're also keeping us from forming genuine, long-term, and meaningful commitments that actually contribute to the lives of others. Over time, the hype of living a new life, taking up a radical calling, and changing the world can creep into every area of our life. And it can make us tired, depressed, and mean. Michael Horton, Ordinary, 13-14
C. JoyBell C.|The problem of society today: An absolute lifestyle of entitlement. People gauge everything by "feeling", meaning whatever they feel like doing or whatever they don't feel like doing. Passion is valued over dedication. Instant gratification is prized over true fulfillment. They don't know that more than feeling; intuition is the better key. They don't know that more than passion; fulfillment and dedication are the better keys. True passion will produce dedication and ultimately— fulfillment. If not, then it should not be called passion; it should just be called a lack of self control/ immaturity.
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|Poor Uther. He believed that virtues are handed down through a man's loins! What nonsense! A child is like a calf; if the thing is born crippled you knock it smartly on the skull and serve the cow again. That's why the Gods made it such a pleasure to engender children, because so many of the little brutes have to be replaced. There's not much pleasure in the process for women, of course, but someone has to suffer andthank the Gods it's them and not us.
Kate Klise|Then I decided to draw from and on my own imagination, and everything came out perfect.
Robyn Cadwallader|But this was different, as if some creature had risen from a corner of my cell and taken over every part of me. It swallowed meaning. I hadn't thought suffering would be like this, so ordinary, so dull, and so endless.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|If you can bow in front of the justice at the height of your power, it means that you are really a just person!
Woody Allen|If Jesus came back and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing-up.
Billy Collins, Questions About Angels|The History TeacherTrying to protect his students' innocencehe told them the Ice Age was really justthe Chilly Age, a period of a million yearswhen everyone had to wear sweaters.And the Stone Age became the Gravel Age,named after the long driveways of the time.The Spanish Inquisition was nothing morethan an outbreak of questions such as"How far is it from here to Madrid?""What do you call the matador's hat?"The War of the Roses took place in a garden,and the Enola Gay dropped one tiny atom on Japan.The children would leave his classroomfor the playground to torment the weakand the smart,mussing up their hair and breaking their glasses,while he gathered up his notes and walked homepast flower beds and white picket fences,wondering if they would believe that soldiersin the Boer War told long, rambling storiesdesigned to make the enemy nod off.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|I am so brave with love and yet, so weak.
Malorie Blackman|I enjoy working on a movie that lets your imagination run wild, it's great to be a part of and watch.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Cetaganda|Even the simplest things had a glorious pointlessness to them. When buttons came in, about 1650, people couldn't get enough of them and arrayed them in decorative profusion on the backs and collars and sleeves of coats, where they didn't actually do anything. One relic of this is the short row of pointless buttons that are still placed on the underside of jacket sleeves near the cuff. These have been purely decorative and have never had a purpose, yet 350 years later on we continue to attach them as if they are the most earnest necessity.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|You could always call her secretive, masking her feelings beautifully lest anyone intrude into her inmost realm of hidden thoughts. It was a defense Urmila had evolved since childhood.
Nikita Gill|We have calcium in our bones, iron in our veins, carbon in our souls, and nitrogen in our brains. 93 percent stardust, with souls made of flames, we are all just stars that have people names.
Duchet Chanford|If it is important, you will find the time.
Wade Davis, The Serpent and the Rainbow|In the West we cling to the past like limpets. In Haiti the present is the axis of all life. As in Africa, past and future are but distant measures of the present, and memories are as meaningless as promises.
Wu Cheng'en, Monkey: The Journey to the West|The religion of the future will be a cosmic religion. It should transcend a personal God and avoid dogmas and theology. Covering both the natural and the spiritual, it should be based on a religious sense arising from the experience of all things, natural and spiritual, as a meaningful unity. Buddhism answers this description.
Lora Leigh, Tempting the Beast|Douglas’s fridge was a stainless-steel masterpiece. I’m not that into appliances or anything, but this one was nice and probably cost more than my last apartment. I had the strange desire to hug it every time I came into the kitchen.
Mara Amberly, Her Gypsy Promise: A Short Story|He could kiss her, or he could bite her. Both possibilities were equally tempting.
Gary Zukav|I still believe that if your aim is to change the world, journalism is a more immediate short-term weapon.
Siri Hustvedt|The deep learning techniques, while relatively easy to learn, are quite foreign to traditional engineering modalities. It takes a different mindset and a relaxation of the presumption of control. The practitioners are like magi, sequestered from the rest of a typical engineering process.
Dave Barry, I'll Mature When I'm Dead: Dave Barry's Amazing Tales of Adulthood|If Hitch were a person, he'd be Mother Theresa or Gandhi or someone who treated all living creatures with the respect they deserve. It's depressing how my dog is a better human being than I am.
Dara Reidyr|Reason and logic, fused with intuition and empathy, equals awakened consciousness and spirituality.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|Poverty is everywhere, Zarish. People should have the courage to get out of the vicious circle of it.
