Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Those people make us strong and then valuable, whom we do not like initially.
Lisa Desrochers|If you want to hit me, scratch me, punch me, I'll take it. If you want to yank my hair, spit on me, kick me, I'll endure it. I deserve to be punished. Leave your mark on my body. Show me how much I hurt you, then show me again. Because I'm prepared to withstand anything in order to keep you by my side.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|It is by desiring to grow in love that we receive the Holy Spirit, and the thirst for more charity is the effect of this more abundant reception.
He Zhen|Generations of parents have upheld this line if thinking. When a daughter showed a promise of talent, they saw it as a curse and worried that she would die young. Eventually, the very lack of talent became a sure sign of virtue for women.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the light, our hearts only knows love.
Stewart O'Nan|I felt so free in space, flying around and unrestrained by any social relationships, but my life since has changed a lot. Now I am extra-careful about what I say and do because everyone recognises me.
Carl-John X. Veraja|The next day we were all shooting up.	"Jeez. Look at the size of the cotton he just threw in the spoon."	"Yea. What are you trying to prove?"	They had a good laugh at my expense.
Robert  Black|What if, you know—what if hanging out with Griffo Gerritszoon wasn’t always that great? What if he was weird and dreamy? What if the best part of him was the shapes he could make with metal? That part of him really is immortal. It’s as immortal as anything’s going to get.
Zac Efron|My chief gifts are - naturally good at all sports with a raw talent for pretty much everything, which if nurtured could develop into improper talent.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|With the moon walk, the religious myth that sustained these notions could no longer be held. With our view of earthrise, we could see that the earth and the heavens were no longer divided but that the earth is in the heavens. (105)
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|Faeries began calling foul play, demanding Tamlin be released from the curse, calling her a liar. Through the haze, I saw Rhysand crouching by Tamlin. Not to help him, but to grab the-"You are all pigs - all scheming, filthy pigs."Then Rhysand was on his feet, my bloody knife in his hands. He launched himself at Amarantha, swift as a shadow, the ash dagger aimed at her throat.She lifted a hand - not even bothering to look - and he was blasted back by a wall of white light.But the pain paused for a second, long enough for me to see him hit the ground and rise again and lunge for her - with hands that now ended in talons. He slammed into the invisible wall Amarantha had raised around herself, and my pain flickered as she turned to him."You traitorous piece of filth," she seethed at Rhysand. "You're just as bad as the human beasts." One by one, as if a hand were shoving them in, his talons pushed back into his skin, leaving blood in their wake. He swore, low and vicious. "You were planning this all along.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy - all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. YOU are the flame. That's what I believe.
Stewart O'Nan, Songs for the Missing|She had a vision of the two of them trapped on a tiny raft surrounded by miles of open water. It would be a kind of test, like surviving on a desert island--but that's what a marriage was, wasn't it? They would have to help each other or die.
Tess Oliver, Distraction|Then I’m suddenly reminded of how I get engulfed with nightmares of Mom’s death as soon as I fall asleep. Hesitantly, I call to him, “Hey, Adrian?”“Yeah?”“Can you hold my hand the entire night?” My voice comes out as a quiet whisper.There’s a pause. I’m almost afraid to meet his eyes. Heartbeat picking up faster, his fingers interweave with mine and lace them together. I turn almost reflexively and I’m faced with his eyes—burning so green that it’s hard to look away. And for a second—one second, there is this feeling that flits in my chest, making my breath catch.Then his eyes close and I blink slowly—feeling as I’m in a dream-like trance. Then mine slide close too after a while of memorizing this moment, this moment of silent peacefulness.The gentle pressure of his hand holding mine coaxes me into sleep.This time, there’s only a soothing blankness. And we sleep just like that; backs curved together, my head folded in his chest. As we hold hands, I fall into the awaiting darkness.
Immanuel Kant, Grounding for the Metaphysics of Morals/On a Supposed Right to Lie Because of Philanthropic Concerns|Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end.
Eric Zaccone|Constantly engage, enriching your life as much as humanly possible.
Michael  Grant, Light|The days are numbered for those bums over in England."German Tank commander
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Pain can cause us to learn no end of lessons, but without resolution there can be no healing!
Susan Beth Pfeffer|When Victoria told me how intensely she hated me, I kept the Beretta aimed at her face, but heard myself say, "I don't hate you."She called me an effing liar and said, "Hate makes the world go around. Envy, lust and hate.""I stopped hating anyone the day when I realized hating can't restore to me anything that's lost.
George W. Bush|Balance, peace, and joy are the fruit of a successful life. It starts with recognizing your talents and finding ways to serve others by using them.
A.W. Tozer, And He Dwelt Among Us: Teachings from the Gospel of John|Jesus Christ came not to condemn you but to save you, knowing your name, knowing all about you, knowing your weight right now, knowing your age, knowing what you do, knowing where you live, knowing what you ate for supper and what you will eat for breakfast, where you will sleep tonight, how much your clothing cost, who your parents were. He knows you individually as though there were not another person in the entire world. He died for you as certainly as if you had been the only lost one. He knows the worst about you and is the One who loves you the most.  If you are out of the fold and away from God, put your name in the words of John 3:16 and say, “Lord, it is I. I’m the cause and reason why Thou didst on earth come to die.” That kind of positive, personal faith and a personal Redeemer is what saves you. If you will just rush in there, you do not have to know all the theology and all the right words. You can say, “I am the one He came to die for.” Write it down in your heart and say, “Jesus, this is me—Thee and me,” as though there were no others. Have that kind of personalized belief in a personal Lord and Savior.
Ida B. Wells|I may be smelly and I may be old, Rough in my pebbles, reedy in my pools, But where my fish float by I bless their swimming, And I like the people to bathe in me especially women.
Samuel Beckett|Songs and smells will bring you back to a moment in time more than anything else. It's amazing how much can be conjured with a few notes of a song or a solitary whiff of a room. A song you didn't even pay attention to at the time, a place that you didn't even know had a particular smell.
Innokenty Annensky, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|Winter is not a season, it's a celebration.
Daniel C. Dennett|Is this Tree of Life a God one could worship? Pray to? Fear? Probably not. But it did make the ivy twine and the sky so blue, so perhaps the song I love tells a truth after all. The Tree of Life is neither perfect nor infinite in space or time, but it is actual, and if it is not Anselm's "Being greater than which nothing can be conceived," it is surely a being that is greater than anything any of us will ever conceive of in detail worthy of its detail. Is something sacred? Yes, say I with Nietzsche. I could not pray to it, but I can stand in affirmation of its magnificence. This world is sacred.
Jean Cocteau, The White Paper|I suppose the artists invented the firm breasts they put on women, and that in reality all women had flabby ones.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|In five hundred years' time, to the historian writing the Decline and Fall of the British Empire, this little episode would not exist. There will be plenty of other causes. You and me and poor Jones will not even figure in a footnote. It will be all economics, politics, battles.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.
Aya Ling, The Ugly Stepsister|If the Beast gave me a library like he gave to Belle, I’d marry him too.
Nader Ibrahim|Creating chaos provides excitement for some people, especially those who are uneasy with silence, those who distract themselves from their own problems by focusing outward, those who feel empty inside and need to fill themselves up with activity, and those who were raised in an environment in which harmony and peace were unknown.
James Randall Robison, God Wants You to Be Happy|They stopped next at a bookstore. "Oh, what a delicious smell of new books!" said Ellen, as they entered. "Mamma, if it wasn't for one thing, I should say I never was so happy in my life.
Cornell Woolrich, Baker's Dozen: 13 Short Mystery Novels|It was male, of course; menace is always male. ("Nightmare")
|Each day you wake up, work as if the manifestation of your dream solely depends on that day.
Germany Kent|Don't give up when dark times come. The more storms you face in life, the stronger you'll be. Hold on. Your greater is coming.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|On his departure, he glanced swiftly back as he passed the furtive gaze of the gloved footmen.He was swept away in the momentum of shimmering glass....I had seen how the world turned, and I was beginning to feel my own power
Ron Paul|I believe and I say it is true Democratic feeling, that all the measures of the Government are directed to the purpose of making the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Indra Devi|Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Vivian Gornick|As I saw myself moving ever farther toward the social margin, nothing healed me of a sore and angry heart like a walk through the city. To see in the street the fifty different ways people struggle to remain human - the variety and inventiveness of survival techniques - was to feel the pressure relieved, the overflow draining off. I felt in my nerve endings the common refusal to go under. That refusal became company. I was never less alone than alone in the crowded street. Here, I found, I could imagine myself. Here, I thought, I am buying time. What a notion: buying time.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|She goes on to explain about how need to not only listen to what the other person is saying but try to hear the meaning behind their words. But my thing is that if you want someone to understand what you're saying, you should say what you mean.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|Der Zweck der Philosophie ist die logische Klärung der Gedanken.Die Philosophie ist keine Lehre, sondern eine Tätigkeit.Ein philosophisches Werk besteht wesentlich aus Erläuterungen.Das Resultat der Philosophie sind nicht »philosophische Sätze«, sondern das Klarwerden von Sätzen.Die Philosophie soll die Gedanken, die sonst, gleichsam, trübe und verschwommen sind, klar machen und scharf abgrenzen.4.112The object of philosophy is the logical clarification of thoughts.Philosophy is not a theory but an activity.A philosophical work consists essentially of elucidations.The result of philosophy is not a number of "philosophical propositions", but to make propositions clear.Philosophy should make clear and delimit sharply the thoughts which otherwise are, as it were, opaque and blurred.
Rabindranath Tagore, Stray Birds|Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
William E. Simon Jr., Great Catholic Parishes: A Living Mosiac: How Four Essential Practices Make Them Thrive|Parishes that have learned to develop a culture of continual invitation to leadership, training, and growth in responsibility for their members are predisposed to ongoing health and growth when pastor transitions occur
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|People speak even after their death. Only do speak those who have recorded their speech in writing before they die, the rest go silent forever
Laura Bush, Spoken from the Heart|The English language lacks the words to mourn an absence. For the loss of a parent, grandparent, spouse, child or friend, we have all manner of words and phrases, some helpful some not. Still we are conditioned to say something, even if it is only “I’m sorry for your loss.” But for an absence, for someone who was never there at all, we are wordless to capture that particular emptiness. For those who deeply want children and are denied them, those missing babies hover like silent ephemeral shadows over their lives. Who can describe the feel of a tiny hand that is never held?
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Don’t let your phone calls, online chats, and other trivial activities manage you. You have to manage them because they don’t have the dreams to fulfill; you have the dreams.
Willa Cather|What was any art but a mold to imprison for a moment the shining elusive element which is life itself- life hurrying past us and running away, to strong to stop, too sweet to lose.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|It took me 25 years for me to realize who I am. Now I'm going to use the next 75 years to focus on how I want to be remembered. One quarter down, three to go!
Terry Weible Murphy|Says here there's a reward," Mr. Hooks said.Tallie blinked, then remembered Keith had added that tidbit for incentive. She opened her purse and scrutinized the contents of her slim wallet--twelve dollars and a book of stamps. She handed over the ten and the stamps, then tossed in a free drink coupon from Starbucks. "Thanks." Then she turned and fled.
Stephen King|As it happened, all three of us turned out to be real writers--a coincidence almost too large to be termed mere coincidence in a society where literally tens of thousands (maybe hundreds of thousands) of college students aspire to the writer's trade and where bare hundreds actually break through.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|On the Races of Our Continuum:“First, you should understand that we are all The One’s children and that means we are all family. As one of my parents liked to say, “One, two, or three caudal orifices, it really doesn’t matter, for it still gets all the work done.” I like to say that we do not all look alike, but we all think alike.”The Great Siblinghood, Tymorann Alphrontex (as translated by D. J. Kenny)
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|If your dog, your best friend turns on you, take a good look at yourself. You may have a serious personality disorder.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|If I only had three words of advice, they would be, Tell the Truth. If got three more words, I'd add, all the time.
Leonard Mlodinow|The case for exploiting animals for food, clothing and entertainment often relies on our superior intelligence, language and self-awareness: the rights of the superior being trump those of the inferior.
Jay Woodman|Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow, hope lies in dreams in imagination
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
Patch Adams|Each person is an enigma. You're a puzzle not only to yourself but also to everyone else, and the great mystery of our time is how we penetrate this puzzle.
Wayne Dyer|Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|The Prince is the only option to a better living. His arm is reliable and dependable. Get to Him, stay glued and remain on Top!
Tomi Lahren|We have to restore power to the family, to the neighborhood, and the community with a non-market principle, a principle of equality, of charity, of let's-take-care-of-one-another. That's the creative challenge.
Hannah Kent, Burial Rites|Poverty scrapes these homes down until they all look the same, and they all have in common the absence of things that ought to be there. I might as well have been at one place all my life.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|A God who could make good children as easily a bad, yet preferred to make bad ones; who could have made every one of them happy, yet never made a single happy one; who made them prize their bitter life, yet stingily cut it short; who gave his angels eternal happiness unearned, yet required his other children to earn it; who gave is angels painless lives, yet cursed his other children with biting miseries and maladies of mind and body; who mouths justice, and invented hell--mouths mercy, and invented hell--mouths Golden Rules and forgiveness multiplied by seventy times seven, and invented hell; who mouths morals to other people, and has none himself; who frowns upon crimes, yet commits them all; who created man without invitation, then tries to shuffle the responsibility for man's acts upon man, instead of honorably placing it where it belongs, upon himself; and finally, with altogether divine obtuseness, invites his poor abused slave to worship him!
Arnold Henry|Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.
Richie Norton|When everyone has a microphone, you can't hear anything. Choose one voice carefully and listen in.
S.K. Logsdon, Stricken Trust|I gathered poets around me and we all wrote beautiful erotica. As we were condemned to focus only on sensuality, we had violent explosions of poetry. Writing erotica became a road to sainthood rather than to debauchery.
Mary Alice Monroe|Time can be cruel if you don’t use it wisely ~ Imani Wisdom, Zion's Road: A Love Story about Faith and Redemption.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|You're more trouble than you're worth." "I'm a girl. That's my job.
Bobby Darnell|... I experienced, suddenly, that special pleasure, which bore no resemblance to any other...
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|I mean, they say you die twice. One time when you stop breathing and a second time, a bit later on, when somebody says your name for the last time.
Tim Ryan|I see all kinds of people work hard all over the world, and some of them are barely making it. I don't just mean subsistence farmers. I mean people in the developed world who work multiple jobs, and because the cost of health care and child care eats up almost all of the living they make.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|You may run from the calling, but, you will find no real peace until you fulfill your destiny.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|Being a Muslim is not a joke but a challenge. If you think it is, come and live in Pakistan where you will know about Muslims' enemies around the globe
Mya Waechtler|One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life.That word is love."(Sophocles)by Adam Harford, Duke of Harford,from the last page of "Sophie's Salvation
John Blofeld, Chinese Art of Tea|As her analyst had told her: the deeper buried the distress, the further into the body it went. The digestive system was about as far as it could go to hide.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Culture is collective mindsets, attitudes, and behaviors.
Queen Latifah|Once I started singing, I didn't have to try to be cool. I was just one of the coolest guys around.
Elizabeth Wein, Code Name Verity|How does she do it? She makes it sound like she is so cut up to be giving them this information, and it's all just bumph out of her head. She never told them ANYTHING. I don't think she's given them the right name of any airfield in Britain except Mainsend and Buscot, which of course were where she was stationed. They could have easily checked. It's all so close to truth, and so glib--her aircraft identification is rather good considering what a fuss she makes about it. It makes me think of the first day I met her, giving those directions in German. So cool and crisp, such authority--suddenly she really was a radio operator, a German radio operator, she was so good at faking it. Or when I told her to be Jamie, how she just suddenly turned into Jamie.This confession of hers is rotten with error...
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|But you can't make people listen. They have to come round in their own time, wondering what happened and why the world blew up around them. It can't last.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is asakti [infatuation], there accusations cannot refrain from happening. That is indeed the nature of asakti [infatuation].
Donna Grant, Dawn's Desire|What would you say, Jane, if I told you the Dragon Kings had the ability to rule the world?""I don't know.""What if I told you they once ruled the world? What would you say then?"She shrugged... "I'd say you're a half bubble off plumb.
Julian Assange, Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet|Is that all, sir? Only we've got stuff to finish before our knocking-off time, you see, and if we stay late we have to make more money to pay our overtime, and if the lads is a bit tired we ends up earning the money faster'n we can make it, which leads to a bit of what I can only call a conundrum—""You mean that if you do overtime you have to do more overtime to pay for it?" said Moist, still pondering how illogical logical thinking can be if a big enough committee is doing it."That's right, sir," said Shady. "And down that road madness lies.""It's a very short road," said Moist, nodding.
Oscar Hammerstein II|Then a calm fell upon him. The gushing began from all sorts of places, all over his body. He heard pleasurable little giggles on the outer edges of his mind, in the dark creases behind his thoughts. He felt good, better than he’d felt in years. As if he were inside a huge embrace. And he felt as if he had finally reached the right place, his home, his motherland.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|Kelsey laughed and the sound moved through him, made the hairs on his arms stand up, made hisheart beat faster
Patti Roberts|A dead body is much more fascinating than a live one, and I have learned that most corpses tell better stories.
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|Maybe I got a few words wrong, but that's so near how the conversation went, I'm going to call it truth.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Harness the power of today. Seize the blessings of today! Make something happen, enhance your life, make someone laugh, help a friend, love, love, love!
Lawrence Wright, Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief|VERY EARLY ONE MORNING in July 1977, the FBI, having been tipped off about Operation Snow White, carried out raids on Scientology offices in Los Angeles and Washington, DC, carting off nearly fifty thousand documents. One of the files was titled “Operation Freakout.” It concerned the treatment of Paulette Cooper, the journalist who had published an exposé of Scientology, The Scandal of Scientology, six years earlier. After having been indicted for perjury and making bomb threats against Scientology, Cooper had gone into a deep depression. She stopped eating. At one point, she weighed just eighty-three pounds. She considered suicide. Finally, she persuaded a doctor to give her sodium pentothal, or “truth serum,” and question her under the anesthesia. The government was sufficiently impressed that the prosecutor dropped the case against her, but her reputation was ruined, she was broke, and her health was uncertain. The day after the FBI raid on the Scientology headquarters, Cooper was flying back from Africa, on assignment for a travel magazine, when she read a story in the International Herald Tribune about the raid. One of the files the federal agents discovered was titled “Operation Freakout.” The goal of the operation was to get Cooper “incarcerated in a mental institution or jail.
Kelly Lynch|At once I feel that comedy is this amazing sort of transcendent thing, and I'm also open to the fact that maybe it's just an evolutionary hiccup, something that upright apes do in their free time.
Kurt Cobain|Music is energy. A mood, atmosphere. Feeling.
Deborah Grace Staley, What The Heart Wants|A curiosity . . . no, a need for a different kind of communion. One with people not of the mountain, but rather the outsiders of the Ridge. She couldn’t explain the call of Angel Ridge. Women before her, like her mother, had experienced the same longing, had tried to assimilate with the people below the mountain and had been cruelly rejected, returning to the mountain to live a singular existence.
Richard Luckhurst|And Jabim is the Lord of broken things, who sitteth behind the house to lament the things that are cast away. And there he sitteth lamenting the broken things until the worlds be ended, or until someone cometh to mend the broken things. Or sometimes he sitteth by the river's edge to lament the forgotten things that drift upon it.A kindly god is Jabim, whose heart is sore if anything be lost.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|We have no reason to harbor any mistrust against our world, for it is not against us. If it has terrors, they are our terrors; if it has abysses, these abysses belong to us; if there are dangers, we must try to love them. And if only we arrange our life in accordance with the principle which tells us that we must always trust in the difficult, then what now appears to us as the most alien will become our most intimate and trusted experience.
Sal Albanese|These rules may seem simple enough, but it will require great morale and physical courage to adhere to them. But if carried out in the strict sense of the word it will surely lead to a greater success than could otherwise be attained.
Vignesh. S|Be Brave. Remember, life is a gift.
Deyth Banger|People should be courage to read books, it should be made in such way how I changed my opinion how James Patterson did it. It should be done a way in which people should se the advantages of reading a book.
Susan Bischoff, Heroes 'Til Curfew|You know, you guys have been dancing around each other for so long you could cut the sexual tension with a knife. It's a wonder you didn't rip each other's clothes off the minute you got over yourselves and got together.""For crissakes, Heather.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Wherever you go, there you are.
Samuel Johnson|The use of travelling is to regulate imagination by reality, and instead of thinking how things may be, to see them as they are.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|It's funny how three or four notes of anger can be struck at once, creating the perfect chord of fury.
Maya Angelou|Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
Patrick Major Dallas OR|Ah! good Sir! no Whores before Dinner, I beseech
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I used to think that when people fell in love, they just landed where they landed, and they had no choice in the matter afterward. And maybe that’s true of beginnings, but it’s not true of this, now.I fell in love with him. But I don’t just stay with him by default as if there’s no one else available to me. I stay with him because I choose to, every day that I wake up, every day that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.
Herbert Simon|Denial is an essential part of my existence. Without it, I am nothing.
Elias Zapple, Jellybean the Dragon| 'Mallory,' he used to say, 'When a woman who can break you in half tells you that you're hers, you nod and agree.' 
Gustave Flaubert|An author in his book must be like God in the universe, present everywhere and visible nowhere.
Tamara L. Chilver|My Top Ten Reasons for Homeschooling: (10) Birthdays become school holidays. I love celebrations!(9) I always get to be the chaperone on field trips. Lucky me.(8) I can sleep in on rainy mornings. (Okay, I wrote that before my last two babies were born- no more sleeping in for Mom now.)(7) My pajamas are sometimes my work uniform until noon. Shhh!(6) The teacher-student ratio can’t be beat!(5) I can kiss the school principal in the faculty lounge. ♥(4) Integrating God in our school lessons is always encouraged.(3) I do not have to stay up late at night helping my children study for tests and complete homework assignments.(2) I have the opportunity to instill the love of learning.(1) I am the recipient of hugs and kisses all day long.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Western civilization places so much emphasis on the idea of hope that we sacrifice the present moment. Hope is for the future. It cannot help us discover joy, peace, or enlightenment in the present moment.
Yasmine Galenorn, Blood Wyne|Weave the circle, tightly sewn,Let nothing evil or unknownEnter within. Stay withoutOn pain of death, we cast you out.
Nikki Sixx|People compose poetry, novels, sitcoms - for love.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Whether it is in a sales situation, love at first sight, a husband and wife having an important conversation, a parent disciplining a child, or a teacher instructing her students, eye contact is a powerful body language for enriching engagement, focus, and communication.
Ankur sood|We all have our patchwork ideas of India, our notions and opinions and prejudices–often fallacious and absurd–of this enormous, disparate country, which, as I take pleasure in reminding newcomers, bigger in population than all but its own continent: Asia. It is a place onto which foreigners have projected their own exotic fantasies and fears, their explanatory and simplifying schemata. And they never seem quite to make up their minds–as they swing from one extreme to the other–whether this country is of great wealth or of appalling poverty, of spiritual renunciation or of unabashed materialism, of fasting or of gluttony, of erotic sophistication or of sexual puritanism, of corruption or of moral superiority. They probably fail to admit that it might be all these things, and even more so, everything in between.
Stefan Sagmeister|If nothing else, the act of reaching a milestone often serves to reveal a superstar's true nature.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you were able to fall a hundred times as a child and rise, you are able to fall a thousand times as a grown up and soar.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like the sun; bear with those in the dark, but keep shining your light.
Gioconda Belli, The Country Under My Skin: A Memoir of Love and War|To possess possessions, a man will "sell himself" to have what another has, but it never dawns on him ~ that the more he gets, the less he keeps of himself.
Thomas Jefferson|Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless.
Anna Lyndsey, Girl in the Dark|My love has saved me. It wraps strong arms around me when I cry with despair;it gives me the routine of a working week to lend vicarious structure to my shapeless days. It brings me daily laughter, a reason to keep washing...and it slices me open with guilt.
Mark Wahlberg|I like second chances. I've given people second chances. You have fall-outs with friends, and forgiveness is a great thing to have. It's not easy to forgive. I definitely don't forget, but I do forgive.
Kevin Hart|My kid will come home from seeing the latest 'Transformers' movie, and I'll ask him, 'How was it?' 'Amazing!' 'What was it about?' 'I don't know, but it was amazing!'
B.C. Chase|It is a more rational belief that man may become a brute than that a brute may become a man; and it is an easier faith that plants and animals may dwindle down into an elemental atom, than that this atom should embrace in its organization, and evolve, all the noble forms of vegetable, animal, and intellectual life.
Vasily Grossman, Forever Flowing|I used to think freedom was freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of conscience. But freedom is the whole life of everyone. Here is what it amounts to: you have to have the right to sow what you wish to, to make shoes or coats, to bake into bread the flour ground from the grain you have sown, and to sell it or not sell it as you wish; for the lathe operator, the steelworker, and the artist it’s a matter of being able to live as you wish and work as you wish and not as they order you to. And in our country there is no freedom – not for those who write books nor for those who sow grain nor for those who make shoes.” (Grossman, p. 99) He noted that “In people’s day-to-day struggle to live, in the extreme efforts workers put forth to earn an extra ruble through moonlighting, in the collective farmers’ battle for bread and potatoes as the one and only fruit of their labor, he [Ivan Grigoryevich] could sense more than the desire to live better, to fill one’s children’s stomachs and to clothe them. In the battle for the right to make shoes, to knit sweaters, in the struggle to plant what one wished, was manifested the natural, indestructible striving toward freedom inherent in human nature. He had seen this very same struggle in the people in camp. Freedom, it seemed, was immortal on both sides of the barbed wire.” (Grossman, p. 110)
Bayard Rustin|I don't especially like to travel, not the way many people do. I know many people that love to go to far-off and different places, and I've never been like that. I seem to get homesick as quickly as a child.
Charles Lyell, Principles of Geology, Volume 3|In the last four days I have got the (results) given by Tantalum, Chromium, Manganese, Iron , Nickel, Cobalt and Copper ... The chief result is that ... the result for any metal (is) quite easy to guess from the results for the others. This shews that the insides of all the atoms are very much alike, and from these results it will be possible to find out something of what the insides are made up of.
Ade Santi|For sense gratification, a man in the mode of passion wants some honor in society, or in the nation, and he wants to have a happy family, with nice children, wife and house. These are the products of the mode of passion. As long as one is hankering after these things, he has to work very hard. Therefore it is clearly stated here that he becomes associated with the fruits of his activities and thus becomes bound by such activities. In order to please his wife, children and society and to keep up his prestige, one has to work. Therefore the whole material world is more or less in the mode of passion.
Brendan Behan|Above all else, deep in my soul, I'm a tough Irishwoman.
Paul Auster|You should never let a word control you, intimidate you, or make you uncomfortable, and that applies to people of all races. Intent is where insult lies, and hate. Not in language.
Therese Anne Fowler, Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald|Weaving spiders, come not here, Hence, you long legged spinners, hence! Beetles black, approach not here, worm nor snail, do no offense.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|What,” came a deep male voice, “is this?”Silence froze, her hand still outstretched, clutching a damp, dirty cloth. Oh, dear Lord. Slowly she raised her eyes and found herself face-to-thighs with Mickey O’Connor’s extremely tight breeches.
Elise Boulding|Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying. The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things.
Aleister Crowley, Diary of a Drug Fiend|We are so afraid of the idea of having to die… that we always try to find excuses for the dead, as if we were asking beforehand to be excused when it is our turn…
Iris Murdoch, The Nice and the Good|There are mysterious agencies of the human mind which, like roving gases, travel the world, causing pain and mutilation, without their owners having any full awareness, or even any awareness at all, of the strength and the whereabouts of these exhalations... So it is that we can be terrors to each other, and people in lonely rooms suffer humiliation and even damage because of others in whose consciousness perhaps they scarcely figure at all.
John H. Groberg, The Other Side of Heaven|There is a connection between heaven and earth. Finding that connection gives meaning to everything, including death. Missing it makes everything meaningless, including life. 
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Creating is living doubly. The groping, anxious quest of a Proust, his meticulous collecting of flowers, of wallpapers, and of anxieties, signifies nothing else.
Robert B. Parker, Mortal Stakes|America, it has been observed, is not really a melting pot. It is actually a huge potluck dinner, in which platters of roasted chicken beckon beside casseroles of pasta, mounds of tortillas, stew pots of gumbo, and skillets filled with pilafs of every imaginable color.
Vivian Gornick, The Situation and the Story: The Art of Personal Narrative|In Edmund Gosse, Agnes Smedley, Geoffrey Wolff, we have a set of memoirists whose work records a steadily changing idea of the emergent self. But for each of them a flash of insight illuminating that idea grew out of the struggle to clarify one's own formative experience; and in each case the strength and beauty of the writing lie in the power of concentration with which this insight is pursued, and made to become the the writer's organizing principle. That principle at work is what makes a memoir literature rather than testament.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I love you, Esmeralda,” he said.“I love you, too,” she whispered back, and he couldn’t help smiling. At least he would die with those words in his ears.
Ayn Rand|My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute.
Neil Gaiman|In the shower today I tried to think about the best advice I'd ever been given by another writer. There was something that someone said at my first Milford, about using style as a covering, but sooner or later you would have to walk naked down the street, that was useful...And then I remembered. It was Harlan Ellison about a decade ago.He said, "Hey. Gaiman. What's with the stubble? Every time I see you, you're stubbly. What is it? Some kind of English fashion statement?""Not really.""Well? Don't they have razors in England for Chrissakes?""If you must know, I don't like shaving because I have a really tough beard and sensitive skin. So by the time I've finished shaving I've usually scraped my face a bit. So I do it as little as possible.""Oh." He paused. "I've got that too. What you do is, you rub your stubble with hair conditioner. Leave it a couple of minutes, then wash it off. Then shave normally. Makes it really easy to shave. No scraping."I tried it. It works like a charm. Best advice from a writer I've ever received.
Laurie Foxx|Give a man a beer, the remote and a La-Z-Boy and he’s a happy camper! All Things Caveman humor cartoon book will help you understand that hairy guy beside you.
Sunday Adelaja|People of vision must not be lazy, they must not be afraid of work, no matter how degrading the work might seem
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|I most likely like books which are out of my language... English... for example is a great example - Not my native language, but I enjoy the covers and how the words sound.
Amy Bass|Rhythm is everything in boxing. Every move you make starts with your heart, and that’s in rhythm or you’re in trouble. Your rhythm should set the pace of the fight. If it does, then you penetrate your opponent’s rhythm. You make him fight your fight, and that’s what boxing is all about.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|The more we have of Jesus, the greater the love we have; the greater the love, the greater the sacrifice; the greater the sacrifice, the more we become like Jesus; the more we become like Jesus, the more successful our local churches become.
Rebecca Hall|My dad has kind of been the standard for me, he played 16 years in the league, and since I've been in the league, every year that I go through and deal with the scratches, the bumps and bruises, just the grind that it is to go through one NBA season.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Suffer love! A good ephitet! I do suffer love indeed, for I love thee against my will.
Blake Lively|My mom and dad always taught acting, so instead of getting me babysitters, they would just bring me to class.
James Emlund|Even over the sound of a thousand voices...I still can hear my own, only after I listened to hers.
Laura Dave, The Divorce Party|We have to figure out how to let go, and forgive. This is our job
Agatha Christie, Third Girl|The Roar of the engine penetrated through Bertram's Hotel from the street outside. Colonel Luscombe perceived that Ladislaus Malinowski was one of Elvira's heroes. "Well," he thought to himself, "better than one of those pop singers or crooners or long-haired Beatles or whatever they called themselves." Luscombe was old-fashioned in his views of young men.
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|Here, in impoverished northern India state of Bihar, near the Nepalese border, there's not much else available commercially-- except sex.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pleasure depends on circumstances, but Christian joy is completely independent of health, money, or surroundings.
Deyth Banger|Which is my favourite book??Very complicated question... so far... I think that the question should be "My favourite books...!".
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Several times in my ministry people have expressed the fear that self-acceptance will abort the ongoing conversion process and lead to a life of spiritual laziness and moral laxity. Nothing could be more untrue. The acceptance of self does not mean to be resigned to the status quo. On the contrary, the more fully we accept ourselves, the more successfully we begin to grow. Love is a far better stimulus than threat or pressure.
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|we all make vows, Jimmy. And there is something very beautiful and touching and noble about wanting good impulses to be permanent and true forever," she said. "Most of us stand up and vow to love, honor and cherish someone. And we truly mean it, at the time. But two or twelve or twenty years down the road, the lawyers are negotiating the property settlement." "You and George didn't go back on your promises." She laughed. "Lemme tell ya something, sweetface. I have been married at least four times, to four different men." She watched him chew that over for a moment before continuing, "They've all been named George Edwards but, believe me, the man who is waiting for me down the hall is a whole lot different animal from the boy I married, back before there was dirt. Oh, there are continuities. He has always been fun and he has never been able to budget his time properly and - well, the rest is none of your business." "But people change," he said quietly. "Precisely. People change. Cultures change. Empires rise and fall. Shit. Geology changes! Every ten years or so, George and I have faced the fact that we have changed and we've had to decide if it makes sense to create a new marriage between these two new people." She flopped back against her chair. "Which is why vows are such a tricky business. Because nothing stays the same forever. Okay. Okay! I'm figuring something out now." She sat up straight, eyes focused somewhere outside the room, and Jimmy realized that even Anne didn't have all the answers and that was either the most comforting thing he'd learned in a long time or the most discouraging. "Maybe because so few of us would be able to give up something so fundamental for something so abstract, we protect ourselves from the nobility of a priest's vows by jeering at him when he can't live up to them, always and forever." She shivered and slumped suddenly, "But, Jimmy! What unnatural words. Always and forever! Those aren't human words, Jim. Not even stones are always and forever.
Lori Hatcher|Life is not a maze where you have your eyes on the gaps, life is a beautiful journey, stop looking for the gaps.
Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching|Raw, freezing magic detonated from her outstretched hand with the sound of a thousand thunderclaps.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|Leave the pain behind and let your life be your own again. There is a place where all time is now, and the choices are simple and always your own.Wolves have no kings
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Silverstream: You idiot!!! What are you doing in my territory???Graystripe:...Drowning?Silverstream: Can't you do that in your own territory?Graystripe: Ah, but who would rescue me there?
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Praise be to the LORD my Rock, who trains my hands for war, my fingers for battle.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Out here everybody abuses everybody. It’s just the way it is. So you'd better get used to it." - excerpt from: freefalling
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living (...).
Michel Houellebecq, The Possibility of an Island|The hopeless hope is one of the early harbingers of spring, bespeaking an innocent belief that the world might right its wrongs and reverse its curses simply because the trees are coming into leaf.
Thomas Merton|Reason is in fact the path to faith, and faith takes over when reason can say no more.
Ivan M. Granger|To really meet the mystery,we must be uncertain.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|Contemplation is a luxury, requiring time and alternatives.
Thomas Malory, Complete Works|Fame is also won at the expense of others. Even the well-deserved honors of the scientist or man of learning are unfair to many persons of equal achievements who get none. When one man gets a place in the sun, the others are put in a denser shade. From the point of view of the whole group there's no gain whatsoever, and perhaps a loss.
Neal Stephenson|There isn't a thing I can't do now that I didn't do when I was twenty-one...which gives you an idea of how pathetic I was when I was twenty-one. (That's a lie, but I might as well tell you something right here at the beginning of the book. Anytime I can get a laugh I'm not going to let the truth interfere with it.)
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|The Celt, and his cromlechs, and his pillar-stones, these will not change much – indeed, it is doubtful if anybody at all changes at any time. In spite of hosts of deniers, and asserters, and wise-men, and professors, the majority still are adverse to sitting down to dine thirteen at a table, or being helped to salt, or walking under a ladder, of seeing a single magpie flirting his chequered tale. There are, of course, children of light who have set their faces against all this, although even a newspaperman, if you entice him into a cemetery at midnight, will believe in phantoms, for everyone is a visionary, if you scratch him deep enough. But the Celt, unlike any other, is a visionary without scratching.
Dada Bhagwan|You can remain faultless only when you constantly remain as a nimit [instrument, one of the doer and not the whole and sole doer] and remain in the intent of being an instrument [intent that I am one of the doer of many scientific circumstantial evidences]
Jamie Tworkowski|We're saying the story doesn't end here, that the air in your lungs is there for a reason.
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Oh God how subtle he would have to be, how cunning... No paragraph, no phrase even of the thousands the book must contain could strike a discordant note, be less than fully imagined, an entire novel's worth of thought would have to be expended on each one. His attention had only to lapse for a moment, between preposition and object, colophon and chapter heading, for dead spots to appear like gangrene that would rot the whole. Silkworms didn't work as finely or as patiently as he must, and yet boldness was all, the large stroke, the end contained in and prophesied by the beginning, the stains of his clouds infinitely various but all signifying sunrise. Unity in diversity, all that guff. An enormous weariness flew over him. The trouble with drink, he had long known, wasn't that it started up these large things but that it belittled the awful difficulties of their execution. ("Novelty")
Jill Shalvis|Finn smiled and blew half her brain cells. “You going to teach me how to have fun, Pru?” he asked in that low, husky voice.
Dainin Katagiri|Of course, even when you see the world as a trap and posit a fundamental separation between liberation of self and transformation of society, you can still feel a compassionate impulse to help its suffering beings. In that case you tend to view the personal and the political in a sequential fashion. "I'll get enlightened first, and then I'll engage in social action." Those who are not engaged in spiritual pursuits put it differently: "I'll get my head straight first, I'll get psychoanalyzed, I'll overcome my inhibitions or neuroses or my hang-ups (whatever description you give to samsara) and then I'll wade into the fray." Presupposing that world and self are essentially separate, they imagine they can heal one before healing the other. This stance conveys the impression that human consciousness inhabits some haven, or locker-room, independent of the collective situation -- and then trots onto the playing field when it is geared up and ready.It is my experience that the world itself has a role to play in our liberation. Its very pressures, pains, and risks can wake us up -- release us from the bonds of ego and guide us home to our vast, true nature. For some of us, our love of the world is so passionate that we cannot ask it to wait until we are enlightened.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are still breathing, don not stop learning.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|All great men face challenges in the pursuit of their goals. However, the challenges did not deter them for pushing forward and realizing their goals.
Erwin W. Lutzer, When You've Been Wronged: Moving From Bitterness to Forgiveness|When you're thinking, please remember this: excessive pride is a familiar sin, but a man may just as easily frustrate the will of God through excessive humility.
Sandra M. Michelle, Move Your Mountains!: Strategies to Turn Adversity Into Victory|Whatever you are going through, it will not last. I promise you. You are not going to stay there. Tell yourself, “I am not staying here. It is just a season.” Seasons change.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Don't you feel that at this rate there isn't much in it? In what? In living at all, going on as we do. What do we get out of it? Take a day like this: you waken up in the morning and you're glad to be alive; it's a good enough day for anything, and you feel sure something will happen. Well, whether it's a workday or a holiday, it's all the same in the end. At night you go to bed - nothing has happened.
Henry W. Kendall|It's really important to have balance, spend some time in nature, go to a few parties, enjoy my friends and really chill out.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If we always think the other guy is the reason for our lack of success, then it’s time to start planning ways to lift ourselves up, rather than planning ways to take him down.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Prayer|What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.
brian L. weiss, m.d.|I swear to you the architects shall appear without fall, I swear to you they will understand you and justify you, The greatest among them shall be he who best knows you, and encloses all and is faithful to all, He and the rest shall not forget you, they shall perceive that you are not an iota less than they, You shall be fully glorified in them.
Shannon L. Alder|Family and friends become oppressors the moment they teach you that loyalty is more important than what is done to people outside your social circle. What they are really saying is this: Save yourself because God is more interested in an intact family or social circle that looks righteous, rather than you being a person of integrity that has compassion for others. It is this absurdity that teaches the wrong version of God and creates the next generation of "me" centered individuals.
Deyth Banger|There may be no secrets in small towns, but there are no strangers either.
The Little Prince|When a mystery is too overpowering, one dare not disobey.
Oswald Chambers|There come times when I have nothing more to tell God. If I were to continue to pray in words  I would have to repeat what I have already said. At such times it is wonderful to say to God  "May I be in Thy presence  Lord? I have nothing more to say to Thee  but I do love to be in Thy presence."
C.B. Cook|Learn how to leave yourself behind, read between the lines, and let your spirit soar...take our Heavenly Father's guiding hand.
Sunday Adelaja|Those born of God are called to reform their country, for that reason Christians need to have a victorious mentality
Aletheia Luna, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|As empaths, one of the quickest ways to completely losing our grounding in reality is by deferring our needs and wants in relationships.
Bob Black, The Abolition of Work & Other Essays|Agent Jones switched to the big screen and a grainy video of MoMo sitting at his enormous desk, a swivel-hipped Elvis clock ticking behind his bewigged head. 'Death to the capitalist pigs! Death to your cinnamon bun-smelling malls! Death to your power walking and automatic car windows and I'm With Stupid T-shirts! The Republic of ChaCha will never bend to your side-of-fries -drive -through-please-oh-would-you-like-ketchup-with-that corruption! MoMo B. ChaCha defies you and all you stand for, and one day, you will crumble into the sea and we will pick up the pieces and make them into sand art.
Brittany L. Engels, Kaptito Kero|Waiting accentuates our helplessness, ant that is what God seems committed to revealing. Only when we know ourselves to be helpless do we fully experience his grace and glory. We have to wait for it.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|It had always been my habit-- privately I felt it to be an ecstasy-- to enter, as into a mysterious vault, any public library. I was drawn to books that had been read before, novels that girls like myself had cradled and cherished. In my mind-- I suppose in my isolation-- I seized on all those previous readers, and everyone who would read after me, as phantom companions and secret friends.
William Strunk Jr., The Elements of Style|As a writer, my mission is to represent the perceptible world in such a way that readers can see the extraordinary that lives all around them. I want to converse on the page. I want to squash the humdrum, the mendacity that arrives due to too many overworked routines and overfed expectations. I want to entertain and awaken. I want to imagine and observe. I want to spin my fiction from an honest, curious place.
Ilchi Lee, The Solar Body: The Secret to Natural Healing|Many of the activities we pursue, the resources we consume, and the waste products we create are the products of our desire to make our bodies a little more comfortable and carefree. Whether it’s food, exercise, music, alcohol, sex, drugs—whatever the stimulus—ultimately what we seek is a feeling of satisfaction. In the end, though, true satisfaction arises from a balance of healthy, harmonious energy. And that harmonious, balanced energy is the core of the natural healing power.
A.G. Street, A.G. Street's Country Calendar|Every man has his secret desire, I suppose, and mine is someday to own a farm.
Alain de Botton, The Consolations of Philosophy|The essence of art is that its one case applies to thousands,' knew Schopenhauer.
Isaac Babel|Cats, of course, are easier to make fun of. The cutest cat is still a freak. Where dogs are sympathetic, almost tragic, figures, cats are pure comedy. Dogs are your buddies, cats are entertainment They're like a TV show. There's nothing funnier than when a cat falls off of something. When a dog falls down a couple of stairs, you rush to it and console it. But when a cat does it, it's funny—you point at it and laugh (which they don't like, incidentally).
C. JoyBell C.|The goodness of a person is normally judged based upon how they act towards those whom they consider to be less fortunate than themselves. This has become the standard for measuring the goodness of a person. But this is erroneous. It is in fact very easy to be good to those whom you consider to be less fortunate than yourself. You know what's difficult? Being good to those you envy! That is what's difficult to do! People believe themselves to practice equality because they are good to those who are lesser than they are, but this is not equality if they do not show the same amount of goodness to the people who happen to be more than they are. I always look at how a person treats those who are more than they are, and that is how I determine the goodness in a person. Because the other option is just too easy. The other option comes with all benefit and no loss.
Eve Ensler|No matter what has happened to you in the past or what is going on in your life right now, it has no power to keep you from having an amazingly good future if you will walk by faith in God. God loves you! He wants you to live with victory over sin so you can possess His promises for your life today!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We may have different points of arguments from perspectives of belief, faith and religion.But we must not hate each other. We are one human family.
Noam Chomsky|Evil is a cluster of well orchestrated blind spots. When it manifests itself to excess, we protest and want the blind spots that both produce it and conceal it back, and fast.
Fakeer Ishavardas|My imaginary pal up there, Mr. NOT, tells me it's my dog-damn ism to kick your illusory he-man's ass. Now, what do you say to that?
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.
Deyth Banger|I'm really scared now, from choosing, from thinking and from taking risks and going out of the comfort zone. But what can it be done??Time goes and goes, it eats people and it gives new people life...
Ginni Rometty|Walter Scott has no business to write novels, especially good ones. It is not fair. He has fame and profit enough as a poet, and should not be taking the bread out of the mouths of other people.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|When I surprise myself at the mirror I am not frightened because I think I am ugly or beautiful. It is because I discover I am of a different nature. After not having seen myself for a while I almost forget I am human, I forget my past and I am as free from end and awareness as something merely alive. I am also surprised, eyes open pale at the mirror, that there are so many things in me besides what I know, so many things always silent.
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|I remember when all you ever talked about was finding a guy and getting married. You'd hog the TV, watching those sappy chick flicks --""Then I grew up and learned why they always end the movie after the guy and girl get together. That's when everything falls apart.
George Müller|The greater the difficulty to be overcome, the more will it be seen to the glory of God how much can be done by prayer and faith.
Anne Lamott, Operating Instructions: A Journal of My Son's First Year|Being a mother is like trying to hold a wolf by the ears,” Gram said. “If you have three or four –or more – chickabiddies, you’re dancing on a hot griddle all the time. You don’t have time to think about anything else. And if you’ve only got one or two, it’s almost harder. You have room left over – empty spaces that you think you’ve got to fill up.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self|We ask no sympathy from others in the anxiety and agony of a  broken friendship or shattered love. When death sunders our nearest  ties, alone we sit in the shadow of our affliction. Alike mid the greatest  triumphs and darkest tragedies of life we walk alone. On the divine  heights of human attainments, eulogized and worshiped as a hero or  saint, we stand alone. In ignorance, poverty, and vice, as a pauper or criminal, alone we starve or steal; alone we suffer the sneers and rebuffs of our fellows; alone we are hunted and hounded through dark courts and alleys, in by-ways and highways; alone we stand in the judgment seat; alone in the prison cell we lament our crimes and misfortunes; alone we expiate them on the gallows. In hours like these we realize the awful solitude of individual life, its pains, its penalties, its responsibilities; hours in which the youngest and most helpless are thrown on their own resources for guidance and consolation. Seeing then that life must ever be a march and a battle, that each soldier must be equipped for his own protection, it is the height of cruelty to rob the individual of a single natural right.
Joseph Campbell|What does our great historical hunger signify, our clutching about us of countless cultures, our consuming desire for knowledge, if not the loss of myth, of a mythic home, the mythic womb?
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Empathy seems to have been replaced with judgement in today's world. NO ONE has arrived. I repeat, NO ONE has arrived. We all experience joy, happiness, sadness, anger, disappointment, fear, etc... Some of the most successful people have said things in interviews that give you a peek into their vulnerable areas. The differences are found in how we manage our own issues so if you are beating yourself up, comparing yourself or on the other end of the spectrum looking down on others...please stop! We are all searching for significance in one way or another...some have found it within while it takes others a little more time searching the outside. Be true to yourself and allow others to do the same. Remember, no one has it all together all the time. NO ONE HAS ARRIVED...WE ARE ALL BE-COMING. HUMANS BE-ING. So let folks BE.
Rashida Jones|That's so romantic, to wake up and find that he's packed a bag - and that for the next 48 hours, everything is taken care of.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|I think it is unnatural to think that there is such a thing as a blue-sky, white-clouded happy childhood for anybody. Childhood is a very, very tricky business of surviving it. Because if one thing goes wrong or anything goes wrong, and usually something goes wrong, then you are compromised as a human being. You're going to trip over that for a good part of your life.
Amanda Bouchet, Breath of Fire|A lot of things have changed and will change, I can only wish you the best as it happens.Malice
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|A warrior does not give up what he loves, he finds the love in what he does
John Christopher, Sweeney's Island|People may be persuaded that the machine is doing good. In fact, good is only capable of being done on a small scale. Evil is more versatile. You can hate those you have never seen, all the vast multitudes of them, but you can only love those you know — and that with difficulty.
Richard Puz, The Carolinian|Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.From an Irish headstone
Yvonne Prinz, The Vinyl Princess|Oh here's a nice one, he brown recluse spider. This once resides in wooded areas. In other words, next to my head while I'm sleeping. ' In a small number of cases, a bite from a brown recluse can produce organ damage with occasional fatalities.' ""That's the worst-case scenario. how can it be? It's called a 'recluse'""It's been my experience that all recluses have a mean streak.
Sarah Ockler, The Book of Broken Hearts|when I finally begin to driftinto sleepyour memory is the...firstand the moonlightthe last, to kiss my face.
Keegan Allen|When I drew Captain America in 'The Ultimates,' I hated my Cap, even though some people are like, 'Man, your Cap's cool!' and they made statues out of it.
Zac Efron|I want to make music that will make the blood surge in your veins, music that will get people up and dance.
Anne   Hamilton, Many-Coloured Realm|Shadow is Light’s child. It is nothing without the Light, and nothing if it falls into Darkness.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|There are an incalculable—even infinite—number of situations in which we can practice forgiveness. Expecting it to be a singular action—motivated by the sheer imperative to move on and forget—can be more damaging than the original feelings of anger. Accepting forgiveness as pluralistic and as an ongoing, individualized process opens us up to realize the role that our own needs play in conflict resolution.
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|In America, I appear more simple that I am, because I was completely out of my element. It was my misfortune, not my fault, that I was born in a country which was not congenial to my desires. -1815, in a letter to her father William Patterson
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|Like my prehistoric hunter-gatherer ancestors, I hit the road fairly often in my footloose youth. From Yale’s Dramat to Afghanistan’s Bamiyan Buddhas, from the tantric ashrams of Kathmandu to the libertine scenes of the Côte D’Azur and deep down into the dungeons of New York’s aptly named meat-packing district, I searched and researched sex, love and the politics of pleasure (mostly among humans)...All of that searching and researching climaxed when I met my favorite research subject, who turned into my primary research partner and “prime mate,” my charming Prince Max. Unlike so many sex researchers who fall in and out of love (with their research as well as each other), we’re still researching, still married and, almost three decades later, more in love than ever thanks to a little bit of luck and the Bonobo Way.
Carol Lee, To Die For|My dad’s life was magnificent, but only if I let myself see and remember more than his years of decline.
Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories|Who can say if the thoughts you have in your mind as you read these words are the same thoughts I had in my mind as I typed them? We are different, you and I, and the qualia of our consciousnesses are as divergent as two stars at the ends of the universe.And yet, whatever has been lost in translation in the long journey of my thoughts through the maze of civilization to your mind, I think you do understand me, and you think you do understand me. Our minds managed to touch, if but briefly and imperfectly.Does that thought not make the universe seem just a bit kinder, a bit brighter, a bit warmer and more human?We live for such miracles.
Michael Benzehabe|When all the public eye sees are headscarves instead of individual stories, our community is collectively tokenized. It creates the perception that opportunity is limited and only a rare few of us can make it. Whenever that happens to an already marginalized community, it pits its own members in a competition against one another instead of against the restrictive frameworks that put us in that position in the first place. The first hijabi whatever won't eliminate Islamophobia just as the first black president hasn't eliminated racism, though both are signifiers of some type of progress — symbols of ascending beyond adversity.
Rich Mullins|Friendship is not a remedy for loneliness. Loneliness is part of our experience, and if we are looking for relief from loneliness in friendship, we are only going to frustrate the friendship. Friendship, camaraderie, intimacy, all those things, and loneliness lived together in the same experience.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|There was no waking from this nightmare, no comforting whisper in the dark that he was safe really, that it was all in his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors had died, and he was more alone than he had ever been.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Do you really think I’d let him call my sister a ‘bitch?’ Or you for that matter? Talon Hawk’s dumb, but he’s smarter than that…he’d be crawling around on his hands and knees picking his teeth off the tiles.
Lawrence Lessig|The duty of the people is to tend to their own affairs.The duty of government is to help them do it.This is the pasta of politics.The inspired leader, the true prince, no matter how great, can only be sauce upon the pasta.--Bombolini
Michelle Cruz-Rosado, Pursuing Your Destiny: How to Overcome Adversity and Achieve Your Dreams|It is just as important to give all of what you are, than all of what you have. Nevertheless, it is always reciprocated.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Getting to make the music, and having a good time doing it, is the most important thing to us.
Tom Graves|Now, if we look at the way in which the labor movement itself has evolved over the last couple of decades, we see increasing numbers of black people who are in the leadership of the labor movement and this is true today.
حجة الإسلام أبو حامد محمد الغزالي|Praise be to God; whose compassion is all-embracing and Whose mercy is universal; Who rewards His servants for their remembrance [dhikr] [of Him] with His remembrance [of them] - verily God (Exalted is He!) has said, 'Remember Me, and I will remember you' - Opening lines from Kitab al-Adhkar wa'l Da'awat of the Ihya ulum ad-Din
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Intelligence is one of the greatest human gifts. But all too often a search for knowledge drives out the search for love. This is something else I've discovered for myself very recently. I present it to you as a hypothesis: Intelligence without the ability to give and receive affection leads to mental and moral breakdown, to neurosis, and possibly even psychosis. And I say that the mind absorbed in and involved in itself as a self-centered end, to the exclusion of human relationships, can only lead to violence and pain.
Kresley Cole, The Warlord Wants Forever|He swallowed. “Have you no modesty?” Never in his life had he encountered a female so quick to be naked. Of course, he’d never in his life encountered a female who should so utterly be naked at any chance.
Bill Gates|When you start in life, if you find you are wrongly placed, don't hesitate to change, but don't change because troubles come up and difficulties arise. You must meet and overcome and conquer them. And in meeting and overcoming and conquering them, you will make yourself stronger for the future.
Fereidoon Yazdi|If you love life, you'll always enjoy fucking each other!
Rebecca Hall|I know I am in a band that is famous, and my private life is famous. I get it, and it's fine. Even when I grew up in a village, people wanted to know who was going to the dance with whom, and I understand, but I think if I engage with it too much, it won't be that healthy.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|It is not in our hands to prevent the murder of workers… and families… but it is in our hands to fix a high price for our blood, so high that the Arab community and the Arab military forces will not be willing to pay it.
Gregory S. Close, In Siege of Daylight|Never leap into battle, when you may come quietly to victory at a walk.
William Lane Craig|While mistakes may be local, in today’s connected world embarrassment is global
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Empowerment:  Soulfully Empowering You to Overcome Life's Challenges & to Achieve Your Goals|Your inner understanding of Love - can be extended beyond all you have ever known, before.
Munia Khan|Love is love, even if it is illicit; like light remains light even in the darkness.
Marc Jacobs|For me, I just like to cut out bread. I like to keep the good carbs in my diet - I love pasta and Italian food - but I try to eat just that on the weekends and cut out carbs during the week.
Davis Bunn, Lion of Babylon|God answered prayers first by teaching the need to ask, second by using friends as holy messengers.
Debasish Mridha|When someone is suffering from anxieties, depression, and stress, the only treatment is to change awareness and consciousness.
Seinfeld 2000, The Apple Store|We can’t all be comedians, some people have to do the laughing.
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|--All that because Promethea is a woman? All this uproar, this trembling, this resistance?--Yes. No. Y-Yes...Naynayno. Whynoyes.Yes, Promethea is a woman.Yes, but "because is a woman," that is not important.But no it precisely its not being important that is so important.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|And then there are always clever people about to promise you that everything will be all right if only you put yourself out a bit... And you get carried away, you suffer so much from the things that exist that you ask for what can't ever exist. Now look at me, I was well away dreaming like a fool and seeing visions of a nice friendly life on good terms with everybody, and off I went, up into the clouds. And when you fall back into the mud it hurts a lot. No! None of it was true, none of those things we thought we could see existed at all. All that was really there was still more misery-- oh yes! as much of that as you like-- and bullets into the bargain!
Nina -, Johnny Kiddow|It is often thought that spirits in the after-world do not breathe as we might do - and that in being dead, one does not require inhaling and exhaling anything.Well, they do exchange ethers, and the body of a soul does in fact breathe, and talk and sing - though not with oxygen, but a rarefied vitality. And just as a newborn, the very first impulse that comes when one crosses over to the other side, past the veils of death, is to inhale deeply - and then relax.
Jerry Mander, Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television|Technology would have long ago made privacy impossible, except that this had only made it more precious and desirable--and in the close confines of starship life, respect for another's privacy had become a powerful tradition.
Ana Claudia Antunes|? Reviews are for readers AND authors. It’s a good way of learning from what people think about the work. Being it good or bad. A book might as well be hurt by a bad, poorly written review. That’s such a pity. Some people don’t know how to express themselves, and maybe that’s why they are just readers and not writers, others read a book like chewing a cupcake. That’s too bad. If that was not your cup of tea, leave it there, untouched. Don’t go bash the author for that. But if you really hate the book, why bother telling others. It’s your problem after all. You can give constructive opinions but don’t blame the author for your different tastes and views. Also authors shouldn’t comment on reviews, it sounds unprofessional, even silly. Some busy writers don’t even have time to read what other people say about their work. If someone enjoyed your book, or not, that is irrelevant. If you will continue or not to write something else it doesn´t add to the plate.. Besides, why bother commenting on a review, just read it and shut up. Being it good or bad. So my opinions about authors commenting on reviews is just my opinions after all!
Susan C. Young|The importance of reviewing is apparent and proven. However, the majority of people do not do it in their own lives. Do you want to live your best life now? Take deliberate action and begin to REVIEW where you have been, where you are now, and where you would like to be.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Either we are running ‘from’ what we fear, or running ‘to’ what we fear. The former is a choice driven by fear, the latter is an action inspired by it.
Debasish Mridha|Expect success, abundance, and happiness. You will attract only that which you expect.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|Don’t deny me what’s mine, Brighton.
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|In simple terms, the success of a business is calculated in numbers. The more you expose your ideologies, products and services to the world, the more you are likely to get potential clients. Hence expose your business to the world now and build an audience that will lead to potential buyers.
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|Love should never be too much or too less, yet it cannot be measured.
Aron Ra|Another problem with the view that you don’t need God to believe that murder is wrong is that a lot of people haven’t shared your view. And you don’t have to go back very far in history to prove this. In the twentieth century millions of people in Communist societies and under Nazism killed about one hundred million people—and that doesn’t count a single soldier killed in war. So, don’t get too confident about people’s ability to figure out right from wrong without a Higher Authority.
Amelia Earhart|Since you haven’t got a name,” he said. “I guess you can pick one for yourself. Would you like to pick one for me to write down?”She stopped rocking and looked at him. “I can do that? It’s legal and everything?”He smiled. “It’s a free country again,” he said. “At least in theory.”She nodded. “And when I pick a name it can be any name I want?”He nodded.“What’s your name?”“Victor,” he said. “Vic, for short.”“Okay,” she said, leaning forward and taking the pad from under his large thing hands. “How do you spell that?”He spelled it and she wrote it down. Her handwriting was perfectly small and legible. “Can I be Victor, too?” she said, looking up from the pad.He smirked. “It’s a boy’s name,” he said. “You’re a girl. You have to add an i and an a to the end if you want to make it a girl’s name.”She looked down at the name she had written and added the letters i and a to the end. “Victoria,” she said, passing the notepad back to the cop.“Hello, Victoria,” he said, smiling, taking the pad and pen back and presenting his hand for a shake. “It’s nice to meet you, officially.
John Gardner, On Becoming a Novelist|When a chap is passionate, the readership can sense it.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|You wanted to feel alive, right? It doesn't matter if you're monster or human. Living hurts.
Tom Conrad, Depressed|I am not depressed; my life is just shit. As a consequence of my not being depressed, I am not like them. You need to know this from the very off. You need to know I, Arch Fry, will not allow myself to be neatly pigeonholed, erroneously labelled or closed off in some tidy little box - one to be shelved away and conveniently forgotten about. No, I am not depressed: NOT. DEPRESSED.You see, I’m just not stuck in some deep unassailable chasm like all the rest, like all these other poor fuckers who’ve so readily accepted that noose of a word.
Debra Anastasia, Poughkeepsie|True love, the kind that lasts forever, is very rare indeed. It takes compromise, continued growth, and trust.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Hindus, in their capacity for love, are indeed hairless Christians, just as Muslims, in the way they see God in everything, are bearded Hindus, and Christians, in their devotion to God, are hat wearing Muslims.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Barbed Arrows From the Quiver of C.H. Spurgeon|There are enough in the novelty business without us; and we have something better to do. We have to give an account unto our God of what we do and say, and if we have been murderers of souls, it will be no excuse that we flourished the dagger well, or that when we gave them poison we mixed the draught cleverly, and presented it with poetical phrases.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|My eyes were dazed by you for a little, and that was all.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Well…it’s whether you want to face certain death by taking a risk on the other route or almost certain death by scaling the walls?” she replied. “Therefore, for me, considering our options, it’s a no brainer.
Kathleen Bittner Roth, Alanna|Sometimes love cut so deep it causes terrible pain, or crossed paths with the joy of his present experiences.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Humanity need not be taught in schools, it is a gift and skill one should master.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|Always walk as if you’re running late, it’s healthier.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|Adventure, like beauty, is very much in the eye of the beholder.
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|The meaning of life in western secular society is to be successful. So many people are success mad and they are encouraged to reach for something and have so called "worthwhile goals". Money, fame, power, good looks, possessions are the indicators of success and the media and advertising companies exploit this. People are conditioned to believe that they can only feel happy or good about themselves if they have these things. This of course is not true.
Ofra Haza|Once every lunar eclipse, you should be able to see me smile!
Tim Fargo|Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it.
Kurt Elling|Just because you're married doesn't mean that you have to spend 24/7 together and can't have separate interests and hobbies. In a healthy relationship, you both understand - and respect - that you need time apart doing what you want to do.
John Zakour, The Flaxen Femme Fatale|HARV, can you help at all here?” I asked, spinning downward.“I am writing your obituary. Well, not so much writing it as updating it,” HARV told me.If I lived, I was going to kill HARV.
Diane Paulus|How can we educators claim credit for understanding, let alone teaching, the 'global mind' without a single course on the impact of religion on every day life?
Lynn D. Ahbonbon|Gen Y's work best in groups, collaboratively, transparently, interactively and entrepreneurially - and have already created positive change in many local communities and around the world.
Tracy Hickman, War of the Twins|Keep your heart infinitesimally small and sorrow will never spy it, never plunge, never flap away with your heart in her claws.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|In this world, there was nothing scarier than trusting someone. But there was also nothing more rewarding.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|There is more beauty than our eyes can bear, precious things have been put into our hands and to do nothing to honor them is to do great harm.
J.S.B. Morse, Chaos and Kingdom: A Financial Thriller|You eat the wealthy, sir, and it will be your last meal.
Eka Kurniawan, Beauty Is a Wound|Heaven. You. Your beauty and peace. In all small details. From which, I bite with hunger, small seconds revealed...on this Earth. You Heaven. I am longing after you continously, with so much hunger, with so much missing...craving after you and full with the hope and the desire to get more seconds from you Today. Next hour. Next minute. You...Heaven. The love and beauty and everything that addresses you with everything. You...Heaven.
Alain de Botton|Loneliness makes us more capable of true intimacy if ever better opportunities do come along. We might be isolated for now, but we'll be capable of far closer, more interesting bonds with anyone we do eventually locate. 
Lydia Millet, How the Dead Dream|Hi! handsome hunting manFire your little gun.Bang! Now the animalis dead and dumb and done.Nevermore to peep again, creep again, leap again,Eat or sleep or drink again. Oh, what fun!
Deborah Sandella|The head is in charge of thinking; the heart is in charge of feeling; and the spirit realizes the creative, infinitely thriving power of life while imagination acts as translator and synthesizer.
Voltaire, Philosophical Dictionary|Tolerance. In all my years of debating politics and religion no mind was changed with derision and no thought convicted by way of harshness. You have no right to demand tolerance while deriding others and their beliefs in the process. Want tolerance? Extend it. You’ll be surprised because given it, people will actually listen.
Nevea Lane|To write is to stand at the edge of a bottomless well, unafraid of falling in.
Rahul Bodkhe|Be tuned with song of your life, and that song must be beyond the reality
Debasish Mridha|Love is the only asset, when you give it away you feel happy and when you receive it back you feel happy.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|With the rumble of the waterfall in the distance, I slipped into sleep and dreamed of a red-haired girl holding a posy of white flowers. The words of Mr. Noyes's poem crept from the pages of my picture book and tiptoed into my mind. "Then you blow your magic vial, / Shape it like a crescent moon, / Set it up and make your trial, / Singing, 'Fairies, ah, come soon!
Evelyn Waugh, Decline and Fall|Oh, why did nobody warn me?" cried Grimes in agony. "I should have been told. They should have told me in so many words. They should have warned me about Flossie, not about the fires of hell. I've risked them, and I don't mind risking them again, but they should have told me about marriage. They should have told me that at the end of that gay journey and flower-strewn path were the hideous lights of home and the voices of children.
Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker|In youth, it was a way I had,To do my best to please.And change, with every passing ladTo suit his theories.But now I know the things I knowAnd do the things I do,And if you do not like me so,To hell, my love, with you.
Robin S. Sharma|In the conversation about women in leadership, male voices are noticeably absent.
Tate Flynn|If I had one wish,for who I could be,I would be a fishafloat in the sea...
G.K. Chesterton|Until we consider animal life to be worthy of the consideration and reverence we bestow upon old books and pictures and historic monuments, there will always be the animal refugee living a precarious life on the edge of extermination, dependent for existence on the charity of a few human beings.
David Byrne|I never was that boy who loved gangster films, but when I was growing up, I was obsessed with the detective Dick Tracy. It was one of my favourite movies as a kid, and he really inspired me. I would have loved to be part of that golden age of Hollywood in the 1940s. It made me want to become an actor.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|The future is simple. The future is simple, I can hold it i the palm of my hand; and the present is just a matter of endurance, detachment, and a sense of humor.
Dada Vaswani|We do not create marriage from scratch. Instead, in the elegant language of the marriage ceremony, we 'enter into the holy estate of matrimony.'
Rick Hanson, Buddha's Brain: The Practical Neuroscience of Happiness, Love, and Wisdom|Mindfulness gives us the power to understand our deep connection with the trees, flowers, stars, sun and the moon.
Robert Thier, In the Eye of the Storm|He grabbed my chin, pulling me towards him. 'In my dreams,' he told me, his voice still as hard and cold as an iceberg, 'more interesting things happen. Things that involve the two of us'.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|The world actually is a mirror, and as you change, you will see everything around you changing as well as mirroring your changes.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|What about falling?' I asked. 'If you fall, you fall.' Elodin shrugged. 'Sometimes falling teaches us things too. In dreams you often fall before you wake.
Upasana Saraf|For children, parents are a yardstick for normalcy.
Robert Doisneau|Well I guess I like variety pretty much, but I do enjoy this work very much. Particularly with Buddy on the gig, we get a chance to knock each other out It'just wonderful.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|In bad times, a king or a queen can be a rock for the waters to crash against, so those less strong are not washed away. I will be such a rock. Only give me a chance, sweet Zoria, and I will be a rock for my people.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Stop punishing yourself for things not accomplish yet in life. As long as there is life, there is hope. It is important for you to value who you are by the grace of God. Now, get set to improve that value!
Amy Jarecki, Highland Knight of Rapture|Love was like a stock, Lizzie realized. You gambled on its paying off in the long run—but it could just as easily cost you everything.
R. Buckminster Fuller|When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty........ but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Mark Cuban|We need to revise our economic thinking to give full value to our natural resources. This revised economics will stabilize both the theory and the practice of free-market capitalism. It will provide business and public policy with a powerful new tool for economic development, profitability, and the promotion of the public good.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|As the leaves randomly fell, she contemplated how they sacrificially gave up their essence to sustain new life. Or was it the tree’s sacrifice? Each leaf was a part of Gaia’s play. Their final act: to decompose so a new level of soil could be made, an earthen writing tablet for the next layer of history to be recorded. One generation became the groundwork for the next. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. Nothing was exempt, not even the leaves.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|Schools are a fountain of knowledge: some students come to drink , some to sip and others just to gargle.
Mohit Chauhan|We all know how we can be turned around by a magic place; that's why we travel, often. And yet we all know, too, that the change cannot be guaranteed. Travel is a fool's paradise, Emerson reminded us, if we think that we can find anything far off that we could not find at home.
Sarah Benamer, Trauma and Attachment|And I knew then that there would be no telling me what he saw. I understand somehow that certain images, certain sounds, could not be shared and could not be lost.
Lisa Gardner, Live to Tell|She swung her fist at Nicolae’s head. He raised an arm to block the blow, and she delivered a killing stab with her wooden dagger.Nicolae laughed, staggering dramatically to the ground. “Dead, again, at the hands of the ugliest girl in creation.” He stuck out his tongue, face contorted in a grimace.Lada kicked him in the stomach. “I am no girl. Who is next?”The other Janissaries, gathered in a loose circle around Lada and Nicolae, shuffled their feet and avoided eye contact. Nicolae pushed himself up on an elbow. “Really? Cowards!”“I still have bruises from the last time.”“I cannot sit without pain.”“She fights dirty.”Ivan did not even respond, having never forgiven Lada for besting him when they were introduced. He refused to fight her and rarely acknowledged her presence.Lada laughed, showing all her sharp teeth. “Because when you are on the battlefield, honor will mean so much. You will die with a blade between your ribs, secure in the knowledge that you fought with manners.” She picked up her dull practice sword, abandoned on the edge of the circle, and swung it through the air, sweeping it across the line of the Janissaries’ collective throats.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|When he touches a wall the ooze grows thicker, drawn to his and as if he's become a gravity well for the darkness - and it occurs to me that the dark must be in love with the light. Yet one must always kill the other.
Alex Honnold|My mom is my biggest support and critic. I've tried to be a good son, and I don't think I've given her a single day of grief. I want her to know she has my unconditional love.
Tony Thomson, Eat Your Heart Out, Ho Chi Minh: Or Things You Won't Learn at Yale|I felt ridiculously self-conscious, like the stick of celery at a luxurious buffet.
Mahalia Jackson|Throughout history, Hanukkah was a relatively minor festival, but it's become very popular in America due to its proximity to Christmas.
Françoise Sagan|I have loved to the point of madness; that which is called madness, that which to me, is the only sensible way to love.
Brooke McKinley, Shades of Gray|I worry about setting myself up to fail, about letting people down. If I don’t try for a better life, then I don’t have to worry about disappointing anybody. […] You’d be disappointing yourself, though, wouldn’t you, by not taking the chance?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Will a loving God send a man to hell? The answer from Jesus and His teachings of the Bible is, clearly, “Yes!” He does not send man willingly, but man condemns himself to eternal hell because . . .he refuses God’s way of salvation and the hope of eternal life with Him.
Jonathan Franzen, How to Be Alone|She has never understood, nor been able to relate to a herd mentality. She doesn't get along with followers and avoids the bandwagon. She marches to her own tune and does it alone. She's despised by the weak-minded and respected by the strong. She ruffles the feathers of the flock because she champion's the defenseless and pick's on the mob. Does she wish she could not give a damn and live an ordinary life surrounded by nodding and needy ordinary people? At times...but she'd be bored out of her mind when she's never bored alone, and because of that she's patient because a couple of times in a lifetime she's lucky enough to come across a memorable, magnetic and remarkable person - one worth knowing, even if just for the brevity of a conversation.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|For long-term success, invest 5-10% of your time each day and 5-10% of your income each month in increasing your wisdom.
Fred Durst|I believe music should reflect yourself in some way and not just yourself at the given time. I feel that when you die or when you're going, someone's supposed to listen to that music and know everything about you. And I just try to get that across.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|Well, I was living it, but a shared dream half-lived is a hollow thing
Denise Hildreth Jones, Secrets Over Sweet Tea|I have only known you about five months. But you know every piece of my life, all the ugly details. Now I'm asking you to trust me with yours—not because I want to know your stuff, but because I want to know you. What made you this amazing woman that you are, this woman that I've grown to admire and love. I want to know her story.
Kim Dotcom|I was in art school, and we had all these random classes. We'd listen to a lot of Bollywood. I'd listen to Spanish music - and I don't even speak Spanish, but Hector Lavoe is amazing - we listened to French music like Edith Piaf. She's tight. I like cool vocal inflections; I like cool sounds. I pretty much listen to anything I think is good.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Embrace wisdom and relentlessly pursue joy, and you can live agelessly.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When something or someone you dearly love is snatched away from you, something of you go with it. You become emotionally amputated
Jack D. Zipes, The Irresistible Fairy Tale: The Cultural and Social History of a Genre|The human mind is like a fertile ground were seed are continually being planted. The seeds are opinions, ideas, and concepts. You plant a seed, a thought grows, and it grows. The word is like a seed and the human mind is so fertile!
Tony Robbins|As time goes by and you're getting older and stuff like that - getting older sucks. You know, I hear all this crap about, 'Oh, you can age with dignity.' Really?
Akiko Busch, Geography of Home: Writings on Where We Live|Home was truly the best place he could possibly be, but, alas, was not an available option.
Jennifer Lopez|Adoptive parents are taking on enormous responsibility, both emotionally and financially. Quite frankly, they need as much disclosure as possible about the child's background and health to assure the best fit and be prepared.
Ilona Andrews, Clean Sweep|…Late at night, when the hour is none, I dream the dreams of the damned.
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|I know, better than anyone else, that there are no heroes coming to save us. There are no good Epics. None of them protect us. Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Stephen L. Carter, Back Channel|In spite of his Cold War credentials, Kennedy still believed in the power of words.
Miguel de Unamuno|Faith which does not doubt is dead faith. -Miguel de Unamuno, philosopher and writer (1864-1936)
Mizuki Mizushiro, サイコメ 1 殺人鬼と死春期を|Most of his face had been hidden by long, greasy bangs, and he mumbled in a low voice that made him difficult to understand. From what little Kyosuke had been able to make out, Usami had killed one person, but he mostly spent his time at the podium reciting strange names that Kyousuke didn't recognize like Jeffrey Dahmer and Ed Gein... Maybe they're actors?
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|When I look at my old pictures, all I can see is what I used to be but am no longer. I think: What I can see is what I am not.
Ali Benjamin, The Thing About Jellyfish|A jellyfish, if you watch it long enough, begins to look like a heart beating. It doesn't matter what kind: the blooded Atolla with its flashing siren lights, the frilly flower hat variety, or the near-transparent moon jelly, Aurelia aurita. It's their pulse, the way they contract swiftly, than release. Like a ghost heart-- a heart you can see right through, right into some other world where everything you ever lost as gone to hide. Jellyfish don't even have hearts, of course-- no heart, no brain, no bone, no blood. But watch them for a while. You will see them beating.
J.A. Konrath, The List|I think guns are just a symbolic substitute for male genitalia, and I’m okay in that respect.” “Fine. If they get in the house, you can whack them with your genitals.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|If there is any hell more unprincipled than our rulers, and we, the ruled, I feel curious to see it.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|5,6. The Moral Law causes the people to be in complete accord with their ruler, so that they will follow him regardless of their lives, undismayed by any danger.
Lynne Olson, Citizens of London: The Americans who Stood with Britain in its Darkest, Finest Hour|The further you go, the more you're going to need the people you started with.
Arthur Wing Pinero|The future is only the past again, entered through another gate.
Criss Jami|We are not as some people like to assume nowadays 'just being real' by embracing passively the sinful, fallen versions of ourselves. Quite the opposite really: our true selves were, from the beginning, intended to resemble the example which was then set by Christ Jesus; hence God wants to restore us to how we would have been had original sin never once befell.
Patty Hearst|We should see the leadership from the White House setting dates certain for certain goals of achieving greater alliance on alternative and renewable energy sources, but we are not.
Roshan Sharma|The deep Feminine, the mystery of consciousness, She who is life, is longing for our transformation as much as we are. She holds back, allowing us free reign to choose, nudging us occasionally with synchronicities, illness, births and deaths… But when we make space for Her, she rushes into all the gaps, engulfing us with her desire for life and expression. This is what She longs for, this is what we are for: experiencing the Feminine through ourselves. We simply need to slow down, and find where to put our conscious attention. And it is this, this willingness to look again, this willingness to put consciousness onto our places of unconscious, to express what we have always avoided, which starts the process of unblocking, so that She may flow through.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|A complex world of intrigues and power play among couples hascombined to deny young people the love and attention they trulydeserve, more and more teenagers are leaving home to peer up withbad influence which eventually lands them in jail for the lucky onesand six feet under for the not so lucky.
Margaret Sanger|I've reached a point in my life where it's the little things that matter... I was always a rebel and probably could have got much farther had I changed my attitude. But when you think about it, I got pretty far without changing attitudes. I'm happier with that.
Paul LePage|I've learned that most of gay America is coupled up, or looking to be. No wonder gay marriage has such traction. So many of us are already in it, so of course we want the legal benefits.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|Bullets an stuff be flying all over. It is something I simply cannot understand - why in hell is we doing all this, anyway? Playing football is one thing. But this, I do not know why. Goddamn.
Julius Evola, Revolt Against the Modern World|America's health care system is second only to Japan, Canada, Sweden, Great Britain, well ... all of Europe. But you can thank your lucky starts we don't live in Paraguay!
John Mark Green|Who was it that hurt you,stole light out of your eyes?Cut a hole in your heartand let the love drain dry?Who was so damn careless,to leave you with such scars?Where will you find healing?Right here, within my arms.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|I am telling you now: I might be young, but I am good. I work hard, and I'm a good person. I know what's right. I know what's wrong. And if you give me this chance-- if you just give me one shot to show you how good I can be, how hard I work, how much I believe in doing the right thing -- I won't let you down. I promise.
German Proverb|If we have any role at all, I think it’s the role of optimism, not blind or stupid optimism, but the kind which is meaningful, one that is rather close to that notion of the world which is not perfect, but which can be improved. In other words, we don’t just sit and hope that things will work out; we have a role to play to make that come about.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You are in obscurity when you are still needed but no one cares a lot what you say or think, or even where you are working from. You have no voice or presence that makes you relevant. Grow your voice.
Hillel F. Damron, Very Narrow Bridge|Good literature boils down to two things: How interesting is the story you are telling, and how interesting is your telling.
Dove Cameron|It's easy to forget, as a leader, that when employees don't get the wide view, not only does the point of their work escape them, but it can also lead to real frustration. It's hard to feel pride and ownership when you don't understand where things are going.
Jennifer Kacey, Zeke’s Surprise|Luminet males had definite differences from human ones. They were taller, generally bigger, their bones were denser, but the really big difference was the ability to elongate their tongues. She'd heard about it even before Aeron, but actually feeling it...
Farshad Asl|I'm an expert at failure. That's how I succeeded. Failure fuels success, as long as you fail forward.
L. Sydney Fisher, The Haunting of Natalie Bradford|Gavin tried not to stare at the lobster. He decided not to inquire further. Whatever Jack's reasoning, best to accept that crustaceans were necessary to his view of the world.
George Carlin|If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
Eva Rice, The Lost Art of Keeping Secrets|Men, I thought, were more trouble than they were worth. Really, one should stick to books where one sees the hero coming a mile off.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|When you have pictured and defined your desired legacy, allow your present life activities and efforts to begin reflecting the future you desire. Begin to do what you want to see, become involved in the causes you want to be a part of. Show your legatees how you want and expect things to be done after you are gone. This will enable them to fit the vision into their own as they make their own individual unique mark.
Ezra Taft Benson|If you wish to reach the highest, begin at the lowest.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|To some people, there is no noise on earth as exciting as the sound of three or four big fan-jet engines rising in pitch, as the plane they are sitting in swivels at the end of the runway and, straining against its brakes, prepares for takeoff. The very danger in the situation is inseparable from the exhilaration it yields. You are strapped into your seat now, there is no way back, you have delivered yourself into the power of modern technology. You might as well lie back and enjoy it.
Ruth Klüger, Still Alive: A Holocaust Girlhood Remembered|I fell on my feet and found my bearings because of these. I could talk to them. They listened and answered, for or against, but always weighing what they had heard, unlike my mother, who used language for manipulation, not to express an opinion or state a fact. What sounded like a fact might be a lie, and every opinion was tailored for the moment.
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|The capitalist and consumerist ethics are two sides of the same coin, a merger of two commandments. The supreme commandment of the rich is ‘Invest!’ The supreme commandment of the rest of us is ‘Buy!’ The capitalist–consumerist ethic is revolutionary in another respect. Most previous ethical systems presented people with a pretty tough deal. They were promised paradise, but only if they cultivated compassion and tolerance, overcame craving and anger, and restrained their selfish interests. This was too tough for most. The history of ethics is a sad tale of wonderful ideals that nobody can live up to. Most Christians did not imitate Christ, most Buddhists failed to follow Buddha, and most Confucians would have caused Confucius a temper tantrum. In contrast, most people today successfully live up to the capitalist–consumerist ideal. The new ethic promises paradise on condition that the rich remain greedy and spend their time making more money and that the masses give free reign to their cravings and passions and buy more and more. This is the first religion in history whose followers actually do what they are asked to do. How though do we know that we'll really get paradise in return? We've seen it on television.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|The more a man judges, the less he loves
Leonie Swann, Three Bags Full|Man can't handle the chaos. Oh, you can understand it in the abstract, as long as you don't think about it too hard. But at the core of it, whenever humans come against chaos, they deal with it in one of three ways. ... Faced with chaos you will either ignore it, dance around it, or you will go mad.
Jaeda DeWalt|I was not brought up to know the Earth in intimate detail. No one I can remember from my childhood ever suggested that the land I lived on and was surrounded by contained anything important to me. My sense of kinship was connected to my house, my bedroom (my one almost personal space), my family, and my friends. I had no conscious sense of connection to the wild; the closest I came was that I deeply loved the trees in our small suburban backyard.
William Petty|It's not that I don't value my life. It's just that I love taking chances, testing myself, stepping over the line.
Jenna Blum, Those Who Save Us|A true home is one of the most sacred of places. It is a sanctuary into which men flee from the world’s perils and alarms. It is a resting-place to which at close of day the weary retire to gather new strength for the battle and toils of tomorrow. It is the place where love learns its lessons, where life is schooled into discipline and strength, where character is molded.Few things we can do in this world are so well worth doing as the making of a beautiful and happy home. He who does this builds a sanctuary for God and opens a fountain of blessing for men.Far more than we know, do the strength and beauty of our lives depend upon the home in which we dwell. He who goes forth in the morning from a happy, loving, prayerful home, into the world’s strife, temptation, struggle, and duty, is strong--inspired for noble and victorious living. The children who are brought up in a true home go out trained and equipped for life’s battles and tasks, carrying in their hearts a secret of strength which will make them brave and loyal to God, and will keep them pure in the world’s severest temptations.
Ella Dominguez, Continental Life|Above her like this, he was a warrior god, hot and hard, demanding complete submission.
Shannon L. Alder|It wasn’t because you weren’t beautiful, talented, funny, creative or had everything in common. It was because some men prefer plain vanilla ice cream. It’s predictable and a safe choice. Confident and adventurous men prefer the complexity and layers of a sundae, even the ones sprinkled with a little bit of nuts on top.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God promises no easy life or days without troubles, trials, difficulties, and temptations. He never promises that life will be perfect. He does not call His children to a playground, but to a battleground.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|I was the luckiest girl. Don’t you think because I didn’t have no proper man or husband I was anything else. Wasn’t no place I’d rather be than right there. Even now, I pine for that uncomfortable rock. Because he was watching over me and loneliness was some far off thing, echoing off the Rock from other folks. Wasn’t nothing could ruin it for me.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher. There was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head!
Becca Ann, Reasons I Fell for the Funny Fat Friend|I had been so mad at him when I left, I'd given them back. All except for the one that stuck to the bottom of the jar.He smiled. "They're at home, waiting.""For what?"His eyes glittered. "That, I cannot say.
Hanns Eisler|Music is the doorway that has led me to drawing, photography, and writing.
Deborah Grace Staley, What The Heart Wants|After Arthur sent me away for my own good, it' like my life switched from color to black and white--like the ending of The Wizard of Oz.
Debasish Mridha|Love, compassion, and patience bring peace.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Where love is great, the littlest doubts are fear; Where little fears grow great, great love grows there.
Bono|Now that virtually every career is an option for ambitious girls, it can no longer be considered regressive or reactionary to reintroduce discussion of marriage and motherhood to primary education. We certainly do not want to return to the simplistic duality of home economics classes for girls and wood shop for boys.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|The creative impulse can be killed, but it cannot be taught...What a teacher can do...in working with children, is to give the flame enough oxygen so that it can burn. As far as I'm concerned, this providing of oxygen is one of the noblest of all vocations.
Amelia C. Gormley, Saugatuck Summer|I shrugged uncomfortably, leaning my head against hers, almost forgetting Mr. Gardner’s presence as Mo and I fell into that sort of exclusionary, near-telepathic best-friends communion. She knew that I would argue that I wasn’t ashamed, but that I hadn’t quite figured out how to truly mean it when I held my head up high. My entire life, people had been telling me to keep it down and stop being an embarrassment. So, I was still in that “fake it ’til you make it” stage, hoping genuine pride would come if I pretended confidence long enough. For now, I was relying on bravado and a complete lack of give-a-fuck to carry me through.
Alexa Land, Against the Wall|Every Friendship in my life is as a Gift and have more value then every Pearl in this World, money is for to use, but a human in a Friendship is a treasure to take care and to be Proud, many go for money and never meet the value of life.
Christina Rossetti|See, winners embrace hard work.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|All our lives my brother and I were caught by the fictions my parents told us—fictions about themselves as well as others. Each wanted us to judge the other in his or her favor. Sometimes I felt cheated, as if they never allowed us to have a story of our own. It is only now that I understand how much their story was also mine.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|In having compassion for another's Spiritual blindness, I can learn to Forgive myself.
Stebby Julionatan|Love does not only need a taste, but it also needs a present.
Jeremy Goldman, Going Social: Excite Customers, Generate Buzz, and Energize Your Brand with the Power of Social Media|‎What color is a chameleon placed on a mirror?...The chameleon responding to its own shifting image is an apt analog of the human world of fashion. Taken as a whole, what are fads but the response of a hive mind to its own reflection?In a 21st-century society wired into instantaneous networks, marketing is the mirror; the collective consumer is the chameleon.
Lynne McTaggart, The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe|Integrity is the recognition of the fact that you cannot fake your consciousness, just as honesty is the recognition of the fact that you cannot fake existence.
Counting Crows|Monday is the day of silence, day of the whole white mung bean, which is sacred to the moon.
Shaeri Richards, Dancing with Your Dragon: The Art of Loving Your Unlovable Self|I like the feeling of hunger for it reminds me of all those hundreds of months without you.Missing you, thinking of you, like a friendly lonely thin tiger smelling the slip of a season into a new season.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Stop telling God what you want to have , He is going to use what you have left to give you what you need.
Walter Tevis, The Man Who Fell to Earth|Do you realize that you will not only wreck your civilization, such as it is, and kill most of your people; but that you will also poison the fish in your rivers, the squirrels in your trees, the flocks of birds, the soil, the water? There are times when you seem, to us, like apes loose in a museum, carrying knives, slashing the canvases, breaking the statuary with hammers.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|It is a serious thing to live in a society of possible gods and goddesses, to remember that the dullest most uninteresting person you can talk to may one day be a creature which,if you saw it now, you would be strongly tempted to worship, or else a horror and a corruption such as you now meet, if at all, only in a nightmare. All day long we are, in some degree helping each other to one or the other of these destinations. It is in the light of these overwhelming possibilities, it is with the awe and the circumspection proper to them, that we should conduct all of our dealings with one another, all friendships, all loves, all play, all politics. There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub, and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors.
Thomas Carlyle|Why worry? If you've done the very best you can, worrying won't make it any better
Jennifer Melzer, Beauty and Other Dangerous Things|I hold the key to his heart right here." He lifted a briefcase from his side to show her. "All we have to do is wind it up again.
Charles Bukowski, The Captain is Out to Lunch and the Sailors Have Taken Over the Ship|I guess I´m too used to sitting in a small room and making words do a few things. I see enough of humanity at the racetracks, the supermarkets, gas stations, freeways, cafes, etc. This can´t be helped. But I feel like kicking myself in the ass when I go to gatherings, even if the drinks are free. It never works for me. I´ve got enough clay to play with. People empty me. I have to get away to refill. I´m what´s best for me, sitting here slouched, smoking a beedie and watching this creen flash the words. Seldom do you meet a rare or interesting person. It´s more than galling, it´s a fucking constant shock. It´s making a god-damned grouch out of me. Anybody can be a god-damned grouch and most are. Help!
Thomas Sowell|When the people become involved in their government, government becomes more accountable, and our society is stronger, more compassionate, and better prepared for the challenges of the future.
Omar Khayyám, The Ruba'iyat of Omar Khayyam|Wake! For the Sun, who scatter'd into flightThe Stars before him from the Field of Night,Drives Night along with them from Heav'n,and strikesThe Sultan's Turret with a Shaft of Light
Frank Herbert, Dune|Sometimes, it takes more courage to be weak.
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|Every time I gaze at stars above, I feel small, big, infinite and connected all at the same time, and tonight on the Amazon is no different.
Mohsin Hamid, How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia|Putting words onto paper—when it is done as an honest act of search or connection, rather than as an act of manipulation, performance, self-aggrandizement or self-protection—is a holy act.
David P. Ingerson|I think lots of things, Denny, and I dismiss nothing. When I know, then I'll act.
Rosie Sultan, Helen Keller in Love|The street to my left was backed up with traffic and I watched the people waiting patiently in the cars. There was almost always a man and a women, staring straight ahead, not talking. It was, finally, for everyone, a matter of waiting. You waited and you waited- for the hospital, the doctor, the plumber, the madhouse, the jail, papa death himself. First the signal red, then the signal was green. The citizens of the world ate food and watched t.v. and worried about their jobs or lack of the same, while they waited.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Hate is loud. Love, however, is so pleasantly felt it has no need to be heard.
Nina Trahan, Billionaire Omissions: Book Three|When death is imminent remember - this is not a dress rehearsal, the time is now, share your love!
Ice-T|Yet it is true—skin can mean a great deal. Mine means that any man may strike me in a public place and never fear the consequences. It means that my friends do not always like to be seen with me in the street. It means that no matter how many books I read, or languages I master, I will never be anything but a curiosity—like a talking pig or a mathematical horse.
Coldplay, Coldplay: Viva la Vida Or Death And All His Friends|You might be a big fish in a little pond,Doesn't mean you've won'Coz along may come a bigger one.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|The happiest people are the one who have mastered life's hardest lesson. They've learned how to let go,
Elsie Spittle, Our True Identity... Three Principles|One obvious palliative of the evils of democracy in its present form would be to encourage much more publicity and initiative on the part of civil servants. They ought to have the right, and, on occasion, the duty, to frame Bills in their own names, and set forth publicly the arguments in their favor.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dance with the Devil|Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known. 
M.F. Moonzajer|Anyone I love takes away part of my freedom, but in that case it is I who wished it; and there is so much pleasure in loving that one gladly sacrifices something for its sake. Any one who loves me takes away all my freedom. Anyone who admires me (as a writer) threatens to take it away from me. I even fear those who understand me, which is why I spend so much time covering my tracks - both in my private life and in the persona I express through my books. What would have delighted me, had I loved god, is the thought that god gives nothing in return.
David Bentley Hart, The Doors of the Sea: Where Was God in the Tsunami?|We should expose whatever ends are harmful and whatever ideas are false, and not confuse the two.
Michel Foucault|I would control your life, every step you walk, and every word you say; there is no way you can run from an injured wolf.
L.  Benitez, Clash of the Clans: Shinobi 7 Companion Book #1|Special Super Bowl Wisdom of the Ages: "Super Bowl Sunday" "Lost in a Roman wilderness of pain-and all the children are insane.-" The Doors
Danika Stone, Intaglio: The Snake and the Coins|To live on as we have is to leave behind joy, and love, and companionship, because we know it to be transitory, of the moment. We know it will turn to ash. Only those whose lives are brief can imagine that love is eternal. You should embrace that remarkable illusion. It may be the greatest gift your race has ever received.
Dita Von Teese|I love swimming, tennis, and I am taking up golf. I am not serious about it, I just go to the range and practice. Other than that, I enjoy going to the movies and hanging out with my friends.
C.S. Lewis, On Stories: And Other Essays on Literature|The world of literature is a sacred mirror that shows not the reality around us but the dreams and fears that reality stimulates: It’s not where we live, but life itself.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|The problem with loneliness is that, unlike other forms of human suffering, it teaches us nothing, leads us nowhere, and generally devalues us in our own eyes and the eyes of others.
Danika Stone, All the Feels|It is impossible to know how the choices we make will change the course of our future, how a small break from a relationship might seal our fate, or how an inconsequential choice over something we deem temporary could become permanent.
Miles Franklin, My Brilliant Career|I am afflicted with the power of thought, which is a heavy curse. The less a person thinks and inquires regarding the why and the wherefore and the justice of things, when dragging along through life, the happier it is for him, and doubly, trebly so, for her.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|Last year, when Zora was a freshman, sophomores had seemed altogether a different kind of human: so very definite in their tastes and opinions, in ther loves and ideas. Zora woke up this morning hopeful that a transformation of this kind might have visited her in the night, but, finding it hadn't, she did what girls generally do when they don't feel the part: she dressed it instead.
Sienna Miller|I think as a young actress, it's very rare that you read something where you're not either 'the girl' or there to serve some romantic purpose in a male dominated cast.
Nora Roberts, Key of Knowledge|It was a mistake to think of houses, old houses, as being empty. They were filled with memories, with the faded echoes of voices. Drops of tears, drops of blood, the ring of laughter, the edge of tempers that had ebbed and flowed between the walls, into the walls, over the years.Wasn't it, after all, a kind of life?And there were houses, he knew it, that breathed. They carried in their wood and stone, their brick and mortar a kind of ego that was nearly, very nearly, human.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|I know no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves ; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them, but to inform their discretion by education. This is the true corrective of abuses of constitutional power.
Stephen Hawking|I believe the universe is governed by the laws of science. The laws may have been decreed by God, but God does not intervene to break the laws.
Jo Treggiari, Love You Like Suicide|Just because you can, doesn't necessarily mean that you sh
Ella Henderson|At the heart of every really good Christmas movie is the threat, I suppose, to Christmas. Something is wrong with Christmas, in all of these movies. In 'The Polar Express,' there's a kid that doesn't really believe, and that's the threat to Christmas. In 'Santa Claus: The Movie,' jealousy and greed are threatening to overrun his Christmas.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Ramana Pemmaraju|You're not to achieve anything, on the contrary you are to drop whatever you have accumulated over ages and its difficult mind you, not that its part of you, but YOU have owned this mental clutter unconsciously. The moment you unburden yourself, for the first time YOU ARE!, never before.
David        Cook, Blood on the Snow|I’ll find out who’s inside. Wait here and keep alert!’ Hallam rasped. He skirted the main path to skulk towards one of the shuttered windows on the building’s eastern wall. There was a crack in the wood and he gently inched closer to peer inside.There was a hearth-fire with a pot bubbling away and a battered table made of a length of wood over two pieces of cut timber. A small ham hung from the rafters, away from the rats and mice. He couldn’t see anyone but there was a murmur of voices. Hallam leaned in even closer and a young boy with hair the colour of straw saw the movement to stare. It was Little Jim. Thank God, the child was safe. Snot hung from his nose and he was pale. Hallam put a finger to his lips, but the boy, not even four, did not understand, and just gaped innocently back.Movement near the window. A man wearing a blue jacket took up a stone bottle and wiped his long flowing moustache afterwards. His hair was shoulder-length, falling unruly over the red collar of his jacket. Tied around his neck was a filthy red neckerchief. A woman moaned and the man grinned with tobacco stained teeth at the sound. Laughter and French voices. The woman whimpered and Little Jim turned to watch unseen figures. His eyes glistened and his bottom lip dropped. The woman began to plead and Hallam instinctively growled.The Frenchman, hearing the noise, pushed the shutter open and the pistol’s cold muzzle pressed against his forehead. Hallam watched the man’s eyes narrow and then widen, before his mouth opened. Whatever he intended to shout was never heard, because the ball smashed through his skull to erupt in a bloody spray as it exited the back of the Frenchman’s head.There was a brief moment of silence. ‘28th!’ Hallam shouted, as he stepped back against the wall. ‘Make ready!
James Clavell, Shōgun|It's a saying they have, that a man has a false heart in his mouth for the world to see, another in his breast to show to his special friends and his family, and the real one, the true one, the secret one, which is never known to anyone except to himself alone, hidden only God knows where.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness. Although the two are identical twins, man, as a rule, views the prenatal abyss with more calm than the one he is heading for.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be.
Charles W. Colson, Born Again|I'd always follow Nixon's orders, but you can't order somebody to be happy.
Steven D. Levitt, Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything|How’s work?’ Martin asked. Behrouz was now a correspondent for the Wall Street Journal, which these days seemed to mean as much video journalism as prose. ‘Not bad.’ Behrouz smiled slightly. ‘Business people might be the last paying market left for real news. If they’re convinced that they’re getting fearlessly objective information, they’ll keep shelling out for it – while everyone else gives up caring and buries their head inside their favourite consensual reality.’ Martin laughed softly, self-conscious but grateful for a few words of real conversation, a lifeline out of the pit. ‘You’re not a fan of News Five Point Oh, then?’ ‘Don’t get me started. HigherTribe is worse, but they’re all pathological. What isn’t filtered and spun is just invented out of whole cloth.’ ‘Yeah.’ The replacement of journalism by rumour aggregators and group-think salons was a serious matter, but Martin’s enthusiasm for talking shop was already beginning to falter.
Bill Skarsgard|Even today, in our progressive times, in most movies that come out, the men have to have biceps and the women have to be thin or something.
Klaus Schwab|Especially in technology, we need revolutionary change, not incremental change.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|As Adam lost the heritage of union with God in a garden, so now Our Blessed Lord ushered in its restoration in a garden. Eden and Gethsemane were the two gardens around which revolved the fate of humanity. In Eden, Adam sinned; in Gethsemane, Christ took humanity's sin upon Himself. In Eden, Adam hid himself from God; in Gethsemane, Christ interceded with His Father; in Eden, God sought out Adam in his sin of rebellion; in Gethsemane, the New Adam sought out the Father and His submission and resignation. In Eden, a sword was drawn to prevent entrance into the garden and thus immortalizing of evil; in Gethsemane, the sword would be sheathed.
Luis W. Alvarez, Alvarez|Some segments of this book may be rough going. That's the nature of real science. It requires thought. Sometimes deep thought. But thinking can be rewarding. You can just skip the rough parts, or you can struggle to understand.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|In my travels, I have noticed that in some countries drinking has become a national pastime. If you don't drink, they look at you as if there is something wrong. Their motto is: "It doesn't matter how bad your English is, as long as your Scotch is good." If a banker asked them what their liquid assets are, they would bring two bottles of Scotch.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Neighbours watching neighbours, twisting ropes to bind us all.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons|Then this God does exist according to you?""He does not exist, but He is. In the stone there is no pain, but in the fear of the stone is the pain. God is the pain of the fear of death. He who will conquer pain and terror will become himself a god.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Mercy|Sidonie, I know you don't remember it, but you once promised to trust me beyond all reason. And I swear to you that all that I am, all that I possess, including this gem-stone, is yours. I need you. I can't do this alone. Forget your memories. Look into your heart. And if you can find somewhere there, some lingering spark of trust that owes naught to reason, I beg you to speak the word written here.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|Islam is not dark but very bright indeed. Islam is not depressing but instead, quite uplifting and inspiring. Islam is not about censoring but instead it is about voluntary submission.
Cameron Dokey, Winter's Child:  A Retelling of The Snow Queen|I could feel the beginning of the story gathering in her throat. Stories are that way, like storms. If you pay attention, you can sense them in the air.
Alice Walker, Home Girls: A Black Feminist Anthology|Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.
David Attenborough|Now, over half of us live in an urban environment. My home, too, is here in the city of London. Looking down on this great metropolis, the ingenuity with which we continue to reshape the surface of our planet is very striking. It’s also very sobering, and reminds me of just how easy it is for us to lose our connection with the natural world.Yet it’s on this connection that the future of both humanity and the natural world will depend. And surely, it is our responsibility to do everything within our power to create a planet that provides a home not just for us, but for all life on Earth.
Clint Eastwood|I remember one parent-teacher conference at the lower school, and Barack went, and there were SWAT guys on top of the roof of the school. And Malia was like, 'Dad, really? Really? Do they really have to be up there?' And it's like, yeah, honey, they do.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light|No,' said Gould, with an unusual and convincing gravity; 'I do not believe that being perfectly good in all respects would make a man merry.' 'Well,' said Michael quietly, 'will you tell me one thing? Which of us has ever tried it?
Samuel Beckett, Proust|Memory and Habit are attributes of the Time cancer. They control the most simple Proustian episode, and an understanding of their mechanism must precede any particular analysis of their application.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|Be careful of him Dai, whether you agree with me or not that boy is a time bomb just waiting to explode, and when he does he’s going hit everyone in his way including you . . . or especially you.-- Benjirou Uie warning Dai about Kane from "Game Boys
William Shakespeare|In Antiochus and his daughter you have heard of monstrous lust the due and just reward; In Pericles, his queen, and daughter, seen, Although assailed with fortune fierce and keen, Virtue preserved from fell destruction's blast, Led on by heaven, and crowned with joy at last.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Our brains are not capable of comprehending the infinite so, instead, we ignore it and eat cheese on toast.
Gary Younge, Another Day in the Death of America: A Chronicle of Ten Short Lives|So long as you have a society with a lot of guns- and America has more guns per capita than any other county in the world- children will be at risk of being shot. The questions are how much risk, and what, if anything, is being done to minimize it? If one thinks of various ways in which commonplace items, from car seats to medicine bottle tops, have been childproofed, it's clear that society's general desire has been to eliminate as many potential dangers from children as possible, even when the number of those who might be harmed is relatively small. If one child's death is preventable, then the proper question isn't "Why should we do this" but rather "Why shouldn't we?" It would be strange for that principle to apple to everything but guns.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Dream a Little Dream|The engine roared to life. He ran toward her. She shot our of her parking space. He rushed to the side of her car. "Stop it, Kristy! You're overreacting! Let's talk about this." That was when she did the unthinkable. She rolled down the window, thrust out her hand, and gave Reverend Ethan Bonner the bird.
John Stuart Mill|By the very nature of satire or parody, you have to love and respect your target and respect it enough to understand every aspect of it, so you can more effectively make fun of it.
Anne McCaffrey, Nerilka's Story|And Annie showed me how ailanthus trees grow under subway and sewer gratings, stretching toward the sun, making shelter in the summer, she said, laughing, for the small dragons that live under the streets.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|For everyone now strives most of all to seperate his person, wishing to experience the fullness of life within himself, and yet what comes of all his efforts is not the fullness of life, but full suicide, for instead of the fullness of self-definition, they fall into complete isolation.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Marriage is God’s invention, not ours! Society didn’t establish it; God did.
Aleister Crowley, The Confessions of Aleister Crowley: An Autohagiography|Human misery must somewhere have a stop; there is no wind that always blows a storm; great good fortune comes to failure in the end. All is change; all yields its place and goes; to persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man. The coward despairs.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature|If all we seek is an escape, what does that say about the world we live in. We are desperate with our dreams. What - oh, what - does that say?
Jerry A. Coyne|In science's pecking order, evolutionary biology lurks somewhere near the bottom, far closer to phrenology than to physics. For evolutionary biology is a historical science, laden with history's inevitable imponderables. We evolutionary biologists cannot generate a Cretaceous Park to observe exactly what killed the dinosaurs; and, unlike "harder" scientists, we usually cannot resolve issues with a simple experiment, such as adding tube A to tube B and noting the color of the mixture.
Mark Twain|Heaven is by favor; if it were by merit your dog would go in and you would stay out. Of all the creatures ever made (man) is the most detestable. Of the entire brood, he is the only one... that possesses malice. He is the only creature that inflicts pain for sport, knowing it to be pain.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The Golden Mean is for the weakling, it was not meant for the likes of Alexander the Great, Cyrus, Pharaohs, or Hitlers of the world
Marita A. Hansen|Now you're an adult, Katya!" he'd said, picking her up under the armpits like he'd been doing since she'd been born.
Margaret Way, Strategy for Marriage|If "Frailty, thy name is woman", Frailty must be a man named as 'woman
Charles Stross|I learned about serif and san serif typefaces, about varying the amount of space between different letter combinations, about what makes great typography great. It was beautiful, historical, artistically subtle in a way that science can't capture, and I found it fascinating.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|What gets me most about these people, Daddy, isn't how ignorant they are, or how much they drink. It's the way they have of thinking that everything nice in the world is a gift to the poor people from them or their ancestors. The first afternoon I was here, Mrs. Buntline made me come out on the back porch and look at the sunset. So I did, and I said I liked it very much, but she kept waiting for me to say something else. I couldn't think of what I was supposed to say, so I said what seemed like a dumb thing. "Thank you very much," I said. That is exactly what she was waiting for. "You're entirely welcome," she said. I have since thanked her for the ocean, the moon, the stars in the sky, and the United States Constitution.
Stephen Batchelor, Buddhism without Beliefs: A Contemporary Guide to Awakening|Allah protect us,' Bold said politely. Then, in Arabic, 'In the name of God, the merciful, the compassionate.' In his years in Temur's army he had learned to be as much a Muslim as anyone. The Buddha did not mind what you said to be polite.
Katherine Addison, The Goblin Emperor| 'Nothing can make death easier,' Cala said, 'but silence can make it harder.' 'Speaking helps not,' Maia said.
Amanda Mackenzie Stuart, Empress of Fashion: A Life of Diana Vreeland|Why Dont You?' wasn't totally absurd to me," Diana said later. "Of course, the columns had a certain absurdity that tickled people -- just to think that anyone would thin of writing anything so absurd. But it wasn't even writing. To me writing--Edith Wharton, Henry James...Proust, for God's sake...is a think of beauty and sustainment. 'Why Don't You?' was a think of fashion and fantasy, on the wing...It wasn't writing, it was just ideas. It was me, insistent on people using their imaginations, insisting on a certain idea of luxury.
W. Clement Stone|There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|And I'm trying to stay strong. I really, really am. But he smells so damn good, and his lips are just right there... all soft and inviting, and all I can think about is having them on my body.
Judith Stone, Heeling Your Inner Dog:: A Self-Whelp Book|I have something to tell you.""How, you have something to tell me?""You have understood me exactly.""Well, I am listening.""Listening? Then, you wish me to tell you?""Yes, that is it. I am listening, and therefore I wish you to tell me.""Shall I tell you now?""No.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|Confusion is a good state to be in. It means you are looking, constantly looking. People ask me, "Why do you confuse us like this?" I want you to understand, if you can be confused by anybody, it means you do not know. If you are fanatical, you cannot be confused. Or if you are realized, you cannot be confused. Between ignorance and enlightenment is a very thin line. But they are worlds apart.
Art Spiegelman, Maus II: A Survivor's Tale: And Here My Troubles Began|Anja? What is to tell? Everywhere I look I'm seeing Anja... From my good eye, from my glass eye, if they're open or they're close, always I'm thinking on Anja.
Robert Frost, The Tuft of Flowers|Men work together,' I told him from the heart,'Whether they work together or apart.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I asked him about his enemies. He began to count them. The list went on and on...." - Conversations with Yahya Kemal
Samuel R. Delany, Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand|Well, your perfect erotic object remains only in recognition memory); and his absolute absence from reconstruction memory becomes the yearning that is, finally, desire. That socially surrounded absence, when you’re young, masks a lot of things in the real world; when you’re older and a few thousand sexual encounters have begun to clear what desire is about (or perhaps what really lies about desire) and you have begun to perceive desire’s edges, its effect is not so much that of an obliterator any more as it is that of a distorting lens. If you can smile at what you see through, it’s sometimes illuminating.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|We didn't just bump into each other or randomly meet. It was more like a soul collision, meant to be.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|The Secret Garden was what Mary called it when she was thinking of it. She liked the name, and she liked still more the feeling that when its beautiful old walls shut her in no one knew where she was. It seemed almost like being shut out of the world in some fairy place. The few books she had read and liked had been fairy-story books, and she had read of secret gardens in some of the stories. Sometimes people went to sleep in them for a hundred years, which she had thought must be rather stupid. She had no intention of going to sleep, and, in fact, she was becoming wider awake every day which passed at Misselthwaite.
Bella Abzug|Propelled by freedom of faith, gender equality and economic justice for all, India will become a modern nation. Minor blemishes cannot cloak the fact that India is becoming such a modern nation: no faith is in danger in our country, and the continuing commitment to gender equality is one of the great narratives of our times.
Mother Teresa, The Love of Christ: Spiritual Counsels|Angels can fly because they can take themselves lightly. This has always been the instinct of Christendom, and especially the instinct of Christian art. Remember how Fra Angelico represented all his angels, not only as birds, but almost as butterflies. Remember how the most earnest medieval art was full of light and fluttering draperies, of quick and capering feet...In the old Christian pictures the sky over every figure is like a blue or gold parachute. Every figure seems ready to fly up and float about in the heavens. The tattered cloak of the beggar will bear him up like the rayed plumes of the angels. But the kings in their heavy gold and the proud in their robes of purple will all of their nature sink downwards, for pride cannot rise to levity or levitation. Pride is the downward drag of all things into an easy solemnity. One "settles down" into a sort of selfish seriousness; but one has to rise to a gay self-forgetfulness. A man "falls" into a brown study; he reaches up at a blue sky.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I'd pick you, I say. Fuck it, I do pick you. I want you to come over to my house in twenty years with your dud and your adopted kids and I want our fucking kids to hang out and I want to, like, drink wine and talk about the Middle East or whatever the fuck we're gonna want to do when we're old. We've been friends too long to pick, but if we could pick, I'd pick you.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|Nothing truly convincing - which would possess thoroughness, vigor, and skill - has been written against the ancients as yet; especially not against their poetry.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from stars; when dark times try to dull your sparkle, shine.
Lauren Graham|I've pretty much always been on a diet since I was born. And the women in my family struggle, so I find the less I think about food, in a way, the happier I am. In general, I think I eat less the less I think about it.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|Adam was but human—this explains it all. He did not want the apple for the apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden. The mistake was in not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
Michele Jennae, CHARGE! The Patchwork Rhino|The gun bounced so much in her shaky grasp that if she did fire, he’d likely be the one to catch the bullet.
C. S. Lewis|If you can't sit in a cafe quietly and be ignored, how can you observe human nature and write a story?
Leon Battista Alberti|Art and science have so much in common - the process of trial and error, finding something new and innovative, and to experiment and succeed in a breakthrough.
James Emlund|The acquiring of intelligence doesn't require an institution if you got the heart to seek knowledge, and the balls to use it as wisely as those who came before you.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|If we are taken all together, we might muster some courage, but from the previous evidence it is likely that we will be taken separately.
Laurie Penny, Meat Market: Female Flesh Under Capitalism|...capitalism does live by crises and booms, just as a human being lives by inhaling and exhaling.
J.M. Barrie, The Works Of J. M. Barrie|A safe but sometimes chilly way of recalling the past is to force open a crammed drawer. If you are searching for anything in particular you don't find it, but something falls out at the back that is often more interesting.
Olivia Lynde, Summer's Desire|Reality isn’t the most pleasant of atmospheres, Lieutenant. But we like to think we’re engineered for it. It’s a pretty fine piece of engineering, the kind an engineer can respect. Drag in an obsession and reality can’t tolerate it. Something has to give; if reality goes, your fine piece of engineering is left with nothing to operate on. Nothing it was designed to operate on. So it operates badly. So kick the obsession out; start functioning the way you were designed to function.
Thom Rutledge, Embracing Fear: How to Turn What Scares Us into Our Greatest Gift|For happiness, love is your only choice.
Norman Cousins|Not every illness can be overcome. But many people allow illness to disfigure their lives more than it should. They cave in needlessly. They ignore and weaken whatever powers they have for standing erect. There is always a margin within which life can be lived with meaning and even with a certain measure of joy, despite illness.
Alin Sav|I love people, that´s why I win. If you love people, you win.
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|Philanthropy is. . . greatly overrated. A pain in the gut is not sympathy for the underprivileged, but the result of eating a green apple; the philanthropist gives to ease his own pain.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|I smiled at the stacks, inhaling again. Hundreds of thousands of pages that had never been turned, waiting for me. The shelves were a warm, blond wood, piled with spines of every color. Staff picks were arranged on tables, glossy covers reflecting the light back at me. Behind the little cubby where the cashier sat, ignoring us, stairs covered with rich burgundy carpet led up to the worlds unknown. 'I could just live here,' I said.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|Also – for there had been more than a few migrants aboard, yes, quite a quantity of wives who had been grilled by reasonable, doing-their-job officials about the length of and distinguishing moles upon their husbands’ genitalia, a sufficiency of children upon whose legitimacy the British Government had cast its ever-reasonable doubts – mingling with the remnants of the plane, equally fragmented, equally absurd, there floated the debris of the soul, broken memories, sloughed-off selves, severed mother-tongues, violated privacies, untranslatable jokes, extinguished futures, lost loves, the forgotten meaning of hollow, booming words, land, belonging, home.
Linda Sunshine|If you don't understand how a woman could both love her sister dearly and want to wring her neck at the same time, then you were probably an only child.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|I challenge that loose-assed prick, otherwise known as Moss, to a fight.
Stephen Richards|You may only be a small musical note in the realms of life, but together with others you make a symphony.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|Wishes are held to be ominous; according to which belief the order of the world is so arranged that if you have an impious objection to a squint, your offspring is more likely to be born with one; also, that if you happen to desire a squint, you would not get it. This desponding view of probability the hopeful entirely reject, taking their wishes as good and sufficient security for all kinds of fulfilment.
Ernie Banks|I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off.
Alin Sav|Leaders pull the trigger, but the "shot" belongs to you.
Jessica  Swan|I am hard at work on the second draft ... Second draft is really a misnomer as there are a gazillion revisions, large and small, that go into the writing of a book.
Jen Grice, You Can Survive Divorce: Hope, Healing, and Encouragement for Your Journey|You are the gatekeeper to your life and your home. You get to decide who or what comes in and what needs to stay out. If it doesn't contribute to the peaceful home you are now trying to have, then it should stay out.
Jimmy Cannon|As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, when they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky. So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, with the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas too.
Matthew Simpson|With attention deficit democracy, I am trying to wake up people to how the combination of mass ignorance, fear mongering by the government, and lying politicians is putting our entire system of government to a death spiral.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|My friend...care for your psyche...know thyself, for once we know ourselves, we may learn how to care for ourselves" -Socrates
Suzanne Brockmann|When Ted Williams was here, inducted into the Hall of Fame 37 years ago, he said he must have earned it, because he didn't win it because of his friendship with the writers. I guess in that way, I'm proud to be in this company that way.
John Katzman|Earth as an ecosystem stands out in the all of the universe. There's no place that we know about that can support life as we know it, not even our sister planet, Mars, where we might set up housekeeping someday, but at great effort and trouble we have to recreate the things we take for granted here.
Sunday Adelaja|If people are connected with God, they would be safe
Ahmed Mostafa|Oh, am I glad to know that after all these years it still is hard trying to unlove someone; if there's such a thing...
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|Lance told me his father didn’t think much of him. “He wishes I was better. More better. At everything. I don’t do anything right, you know, Stevie. Nothing.” He said this matter-of-factly. He believed it as truth. Polly told me her father never said anything nice to her, but she kept trying as hard as she could to make him pay her some attention. “He always says, ‘Don’t get fat as your mother has,’ but I don’t think Mom’s fat at all, but I try not to eat much, but he keeps saying it to me. Do you think I’m fat, Stevie? When my hair is messy do you think I look like a stray...
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|A recurring problem needs nothing but a tactical head-on solution. The more you entertain your problems, the more your entertain unhappiness!
Mei Fong, One Child: The Story of China's Most Radical Experiment|It is easy to forget the cohesiveness of a free people in times of peace and prosperity. New York is an extreme example of the great pandemonium that results when countless individuals and groups pursue their diverse interests in the normal course of life. In a crisis, however, a national tribe comes together...despite the centrifugal forces that pull us in different directions, there is a deep national unity that holds us together.Unity, however, is not sufficient for the challenges ahead. America also needs the moral self-confidence to meet its adversary...Americans cannot succeed unless they are convinced of fighting on behalf of the good.
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|Autumn put in the DVD she’d been watching every night. It was Deadly 60. It was all about animals that could be a bit tricky if you tried to catch one. There was something comforting about watching it over and over and over again. You knew what was going to happen. There were no surprises. And even though all those animals bit, squeezed, stung, spat or poisoned, they did it because they were hungry or frightened. They didn’t do it because they thought you were stupid and ugly and they wanted to hurt and humiliate you.
Javier Enríquez Serralde|Husbands are the leftovers of a stew called love –she thought—, and with hair on their faces.
Dada Bhagwan|The whole world believes that performing good deeds is dharma (religion). Performing good deeds is known as laukik dharma (worldly religion, that religion which does not lead us to self-realization but binds merit karmas).
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|You English," said Steenhold."You Americans," said Rud."When you aren't as fresh as paint," he said, "you Americans are as stale as old cabbage leaves. I'm amazed at your Labour leaders, at the sort of things you can still take seriously as Presidential Candidates. These leonine reverberators tossing their manes back in order to keep their eyes on the White House -- they belong to the Pleistocene. We dropped that sort of head in England after John Bright. When the Revolution is over and I retire, I shall retire as Hitler did, to some remote hunting-lodge, and we'll have the heads of Great Labour Leaders and Presidential Hopes stuck all round the Hall. Hippopotami won't be in it.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Live more, whine less. Smile more, worry less. Love more, hate less.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Nico drank from the chalice, then offered it to Jason. "You asked me about trust, and taking a risk? Well, here you go, son of Jupiter. How much do you trust me?"Frank wasn't sure what Nico was talking about, but Jason didn't hesitate. He took the cup and drank.
Ronald Steel|I like to talk. That's why I can't karaoke in a private room. Those types of shenanigans are only good in a public space. I got to say, though, with smartphones and instant upload of everything, our generation and definitely the next generation coming up, it's going to be hard to act a fool.
Eliot Coleman, The New Organic Grower: A Master's Manual of Tools and Techniques for the Home and Market Gardener|How many of us lobby for green energy or protected lands, but don't engage with the local bounty to lay by for tomorrow's unseasonal reality? That we tend to not even think about this as a foundation for solutions in our food systems shows how quickly we want other people to solve these issues.
Bruce Springsteen|From my father's point of view, without a thought for self, a true patriot stands up against the stones of condemnation and speaks for those who are given no real voice in the halls of justice or the halls of government.
J. Sarraf|The winter came with blossoms and the bees left their hive,The love was ephemeral when he became the prince charming,And the unbalanced promises couldn't take their stake
Robert Wald Sussman, The Myth of Race: The Troubling Persistence of an Unscientific Idea|Until slow and steady could win the race, being fast and speedier can bring no further grace
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|The amount of women you hear say, "If Donald—or Arthur—or whatever his name was—had only lived." And I sometimes think but if he had, he'd have been a stout, unromantic, short-tempered, middle-aged husband as likely as not.
Stendhal|Hope, deceiving as it is, serves at least to lead us to the end of our lives by an agreeable route.
Susane Colasanti, City Love|The time for equivocation has passed. You can stop this at any point by telling me we will rule the court apart from a distance, but until you do so"-he let liquid sunlight drip onto her skin-"I'm playing for keeps. I'm not a mortal, Aislinn. I'm the Summer King, and I'm done pretending to be anything other than that."He leaned down and said, "We could be amazing together."Then he was gone.
Charles J. Shields|There are no college courses to build up self-esteem or high school or elementary school. If you don't get those values at a early age, nurtured in your home, you don't get them.
Ismail Haniyeh|One simple way to keep organizations from becoming cancerous might be to rotate all jobs on a regular, frequent and mandatory basis, including the leadership positions.
Jennifer Castle, The Beginning of After|Now I lay facedown on the bed, sobbing for the womanwho once slept here not knowing that someday one of herworst fears would come true
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|For most people, meditation is associated with relaxation and peace of mind, and these are the practical reasons many people seek out, learn, and practice meditation. However, relaxation and peace of mind are only half of the uses of meditation. The other, probably more important aspect, is for creation.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Aeschylus writes, "In our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grade of God.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|He texts back: I love you.I'm starting to text back, I love you, too, when my phone rings. It's Peter's house number, and I answer it eagerly."I love you, too," I say.There is surprised silence on the other end, then a little laugh to cover it up. "Hi, Lara Jean. This is Peter's mom.
Sophocles, The Oedipus Cycle: Oedipus Rex/Oedipus at Colonus/Antigone|Because he had been- and in many ways still was- such a brilliant man, he no doubt understood the nature of his memory problem. It wasn't pride that prevented him from asking for help but a deep aversion to causing more trouble than necessary for those of us who lived in the normal world.
Christopher Hitchens|Our weapons are the ironic mind against the literal: the open mind against the credulous; the courageous pursuit of truth against the fearful and abject forces who would set limits to investigation (and who stupidly claim that we already have all the truth we need). Perhaps above all, we affirm life over the cults of death and human sacrifice and are afraid, not of inevitable death, but rather of a human life that is cramped and distorted by the pathetic need to offer mindless adulation, or the dismal belief that the laws of nature respond to wailings and incantations.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Our nation was born in genocide when it embraced the doctrine that the original American, the Indian, was an inferior race. Even before there were large numbers of Negroes on our shore, the scar of racial hatred had already disfigured colonial society. From the sixteenth century forward, blood flowed in battles over racial supremacy. We are perhaps the only nation which tried as a matter of national policy to wipe out its indigenous population. Moreover, we elevated that tragic experience into a noble crusade. Indeed, even today we have not permitted ourselves to reject or feel remorse for this shameful episode. Our literature, our films, our drama, our folklore all exalt it. Our children are still taught to respect the violence which reduced a red-skinned people of an earlier culture into a few fragmented groups herded into impoverished reservations.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|Jesus Christ lived in the midst of his enemies. At the end all his disciples deserted him. On the Cross he was utterly alone, surrounded by evildoers and mockers. For this cause he had come, to bring peace to the enemies of God. So the Christian, too, belongs not in the seclusion of a cloistered life but in the thick of foes. There is his commission, his work. 'The kingdom is to be in the midst of your enemies. And he who will not suffer this does not want to be of the Kingdom of Christ; he wants to be among friends, to sit among roses and lilies, not with the bad people but the devout people. O you blasphemers and betrayers of Christ! If Christ had done what you are doing who would ever have been spared' (Luther).
James Gilligan|As a society, our decision to heap shame and contempt upon those who struggle and fail in a system designed to keep them locked up and locked out says far more about ourselves than it does about them.
Cheryl Sterling, Mr. Right, Mr. Wrong, Mr. Alien: A science fiction short story romance|Light side? Dark side? Oh no, it's all grey to me.
Mark McKinnon|I was raised in the '70s, and I've worked with people I love, and I've been on sets with my parents, with people who run a set and require of actors a sense of liberty and freedom and exploration and failure into brave achievement.
Tyler Kord, A Super Upsetting Cookbook About Sandwiches|It's important to achieve balance in sandwiches, because who really knows how to achieve it in life? Life is messy, difficult, occasionally great but mostly upsetting and out of your control. But you can always make a good sandwich, and a good sandwich will make you happy!
The Mumonkan Case 29 translation by Robert Aitken|Two monks were arguing about the temple flag waving in the wind. One said, "The flag moves." The other said, "The wind moves." They argued back and forth but could not agree. The Sixth Ancestor said, "Gentlemen! It is not the wind that moves; it is not the flag that moves; it is your mind that moves.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|America’s Declaration of Independence speaks of “the pursuit of happiness,” but nowhere in the Bible are we told to pursue this. Happiness is elusive, and we don’t find it by seeking it.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|Miss Morstan and I stood together, and her hand was in mine. A wondrous subtle thing is love, for here were we two, who had never seen each other until that day, between whom no word or even look of affection had ever passed, and yet now in an hour of trouble our hands instinctively sought for each other. I have marveled at it since, but at the time it seemed the most natural thing that I would go out to her so, and, as she has often told me, there was in her also the instinct to turn to me for comfort and protection. So we stood hand in hand like two children, and there was peace in our hearts for all the dark things that surrounded us.
Debasish Mridha|In summer, we grow younger and stay young forever.
R.A.Delmonico|If our leaders ignore the rule of law, it is certain that they have broken the social contract. The social contract is not a declaration of a lasting war but of a lasting peace who's regulation is charged by the will of the people under the rule of law. I pray the we are wise enough to keep our moral compass.
Truth Devour, Wantin|When blackened night falls, darkness exists if one chooses to rely on sight as thy only guide.
David Horowitz|My generation took on political equality. I believe young people, who have graduated into a poor economy, have an incentive to take on much tougher issues of income equality. If they show the leadership they have demonstrated in the last few elections, they can bring changes even greater than my generation achieved.
Christopher Pike, Thirst No. 1: The Last Vampire, Black Blood, and Red Dice|I loved her [Gilberte]; I was sorry not to have had the time and the inspiration to insult her, to hurt her, to force her to keep some memory of me. I thought her so beautiful that I should have liked to be able to retrace my steps so as to shake my fist at her and shout, "I think you're hideous, grotesque; how I loathe you!"_
Guatama Buddha|A wise person can enter and dwell in his own teacher's knowledge, having realized it for himself through knowledge.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|We are all cursed. We live in the era of the curse. A world that cannot be fixed. The best thing would be an alien ship. Another planet. One with three moons. But you, I saw you in my dreams. I saw you coming. You came to heal my broken heart. That's why I named you Ahlam.
Stephen Hawking|Teaching's hard! You need different skills: positive reinforcement, keeping students from getting bored, commanding their attention in a certain way.
Tiesto|The reason we have cancer and heart disease is the same reason you can't get rid of the wear and tear on your tires on your car: as soon as you use them, you are wearing them away. You can't make eternal tires, and it's the same with the human body.
Jay Parini|I don't really care what people tell children - when you believe in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy, one more fib won't hurt. But I am infuriated by the growing notion, posited in some touchy-feely quarters, that all women are, or can be, beautiful.
John O'Donohue|I'm in love with beauty and things and people and love and being in love, and those things, I think, on the inside, show on the outside.
Mary Daly|"Plain English" - everybody loves it  demands it - from the other fellow.
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|The Pekes and the Pollicles, everyone knows, Are proud and implacable, passionate foes;It is always the same, wherever one goes.And the Pugs and the Poms, although most people saythat they do not like fighting, will often displayEvery symptom of wanting to join in the fray.And theyBark bark bark bark bark barkUntil you can hear them all over the park.
Clemence Poesy|I have beautiful, beautiful clothes, designed by my bachelor boy son, Kenny. Kenny has a big following as it is, and even Lady Gaga has asked Kenny to design dresses for her. But Kenny isn't very keen on, well, shall we say, extreme women. He likes someone that women all over the world can identify with.
Hunter S. Thompson, Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga|Hello, Kanta. They're saying interesting things about you on the news," she said. "I wondered if you'd survived.""He didn't," I said. "I killed him."Silence."I killed Mkhai, too," I said. "Tens of thousands of years, gone in the blink of an eye.""Why are you telling me this?" asked the voice."Because you're next," I said. "I'm the demon slayer. Come and get me.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Fairy tales are such evil stories for young children. Every time I'm in a mess I expect a long-haired posh-speaking man to come trotting into my life (on a horse of course, literally trotting himself...) Then you realize you don't want a long-haired posh-speaking man trotting into your life because he's the one who put you in the bloody mess in the first place.
Alexis de Tocqueville|It is only natural, of course, that each man should think his own opinions best: the crow loves his fledgling, and the ape his cub.
Karsten Knight, Wildefire|It's a never ending dream for everyone it seems, to find again what was once precious and has been lost.
Tarang Sinha|It's difficult to carry the weight of responsibilities. But, it's more difficult to carry the weight of expectations.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Chickens can move and flop for hours after their heads are cut off. They have no heartbeat either," Naja said, "and that doesn't involve magic.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|If we fail to realize our full potential as human beings, we live more on an animalistic level. This is fine for dogs, cats, and chimpanzees but doesn’t work quite so well for women and men. Without the capacity to freely shape our own lives, much as a sculptor might carve stone, we inevitably slip into negativity and depression.
Philip Sington, The Valley of Unknowing|Every secret of the body was rendered up--bone risen through flesh, sacrilegious glimpses of an intestine or an optic nerve. From this new and intimate perspective, [Briony] learned a simple, obvious thing she had always known, and everyone knew: that a person is, among all else, a material thing, easily torn, not easily mended.
Steven Magee|There are no electromagnetic field (EMF) book millionaires yet, but that may change with the roll out of the fifth generation (5G) wireless networks.
Lisa Renee Jones, The Master Undone|We reach the trailer and Shane digs through the pockets of the cargo pants slung over his arm until he finds the key. He pushes open the door and waits for me to pass through. Maybe later I’ll tell myself I should have thought long and hard about what I was going to do, that I should have counted to ten and waited until I regained my sanity before stepping over the threshold, evaluated the pros and cons like a thoughtful, rational adult. But I do no such thing. Shane’s eyes are on mine as I step out of my wet sneakers, drop my damp clothes in a ball on the porch, and walk inside. He follows right behind me, and even through my wet shirt I can feel the heat radiating off his bare chest. The man is a furnace. Every warning about playing with fire zings through my mind, but I dismiss them. I want this. I’m not playing games, and neither is Shane as he grips my shoulders and turns us so my back is to the door and he’s pressed up against me. He lowers his head so our eyes are inches apart and looks at me more closely and thoughtfully than anyone ever has. He’s checking to make sure I’m okay, that my expectations are in line with what today is about. And they are. Just once, we agreed. And that will be enough.
Rosslyn Elliott, Lovelier Than Daylight|For an entire wing of the G.O.P., a dysfunctional government, whose only visible activity is mismanaging crises, is not an embarrassment but the vindication of a worldview.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I can’t simulate you with moon, moon is fully naked and you are fully clothed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The hero isn’t the one who is right, but the one who steps forward to take the blame—deserved or not—and apologize to save a relationship.
G.K. Chesterton, Saint Thomas Aquinas|All great art contains at its center contemplation, a dynamic contemplation.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I love religious nuts. They make me remember I have them too. So, being a health nut, I scratch them religiously. Just as I do my butt.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Those who want to have a beautiful future must first dream of a beautiful future! Dream is the first step; it is the first action; it is the first move before any move, it is the first of everything!
Hayao Miyazaki|The friendship I had with Elvis began to take shape in 1968 when I was recording in Memphis. I'd record during the day, and Elvis would send one of his guys over to bring me to Graceland at night. Everything you've heard about Graceland during Elvis's glory days is true and then some.
Stephen King|JAMIE'S SONG 'HEAVEN':You hold me so tight that I can’t breathe,You make me feel light that I can’t sleep.Float from our bed, fly away,Soaring like angels through the heavens and seas.I wish that we hadn’t taken so long,To realise this is where we belong.This is the life, that you and IHave been dying for.If heaven is this,This place in your arms,I’m not afraid of dying,I want to die tonight.If heaven is this,Your lips when we kiss,I’m not afraid of dying,Let them kill me tonight.And I know I’ll go to heaven, Because I made you smile.Yes, I know I’ll go to heaven,Because you loved our life.But if they banish me to hell,You will pull me out again.You belong in heaven, And I belong with you.
Paul Rand|Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions; there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that's why it is so complicated.
Maya Angelou|Have you ever just laid down on the grass and watch as the day slowly transitions to evening? The sky flows through hues of orange and slowly fades to greys, the incredible palette of dusk. This is where the magic begins to happen. First the planets reveal themselves as bright pinpoints of light against the bleak canvas, and for a few moments they are the only thing you can focus on - they’re so bright that they draw away from anything else. When you stare at only one, when there is so much distance between it and anything else, it almost seems to be dancing back and forth in space, playing mind tricks on you. However, as you emerge from its hypnotic trance, you begin to see the less significant stars awaken from what seems like nowhere. They too earn your attention, but in a different way. You can’t look at them directly because otherwise you won’t see their beauty. You have to glance at them from the side, from the corner of your eye to really see them in their fullness. The sky is not yet completely in darkness and the universe is already showing off. Distant stars even further light years away and planets orbiting from afar being to emerge and before you know it you almost don’t know where to look, there are little grains of sand lighting up the sky from everywhere. This happens every night - a spectacular natural light show but so many people miss it. It’s sad to think that, but it makes viewing it that much more special when you get to experience it. Just you and the universe, watching itself through your own very eyes.
Bridget Zinn, Poison|I'm glad you escaped, Kyra," Fred said, looking serious again. "And that I found you.""Me too," Kyra said, glancing up at him. "It wouldn't have been much of a life trying to live in the dumbwaiter."Fred leaned down and kissed Kyra full on the lips.Kyra pulled away. "How do you know I'm interested in you? Just because you've decided I'm worth hanging around for doesn't mean I feel the same way."Fred cocked his head at her. "Really?""Oh, okay," Kyra said.Then she kissed him back.
Mara Wilson, Where Am I Now?|A lot of men wonder what a woman wants. The answer is power. There are many ways to get it, but the easiest way is to tear other girls down. Any girl can play that game, but there's no way to win, except not to play at all.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The wealth of some people is here on earth. The wealth of other people is somewhere afar from the earth. Whatever the wealth may be, we must think of a wealth that is distinctive
Jettie Necole, The Vault|We’re in an underground vault, and here’s my first order: You’re going to do everything I tell you to do.
Joyce Dennys, Henrietta Sees It Through: More News from the Home Front 1942-1945|I don't think it's a question of liking or disliking it," Tengo said..."It was the one thing he was best at." "Hmm. I see," Kumi said. She pondered this. "But that might very well be the best way to live your life.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|When you have mastered numbers, you will in fact no longer be reading numbers, any more than you read words when reading books. You will be reading meanings.
Robert C. Merton|Because I spent many years during my previous life as an academic researching game theory, some commentators rushed to presume that as Greece's new finance minister, I was busily devising bluffs, stratagems and outside options, struggling to improve upon a weak hand. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Susanna Clarke, The Ladies of Grace Adieu and Other Stories|That one,” Ferox said, pointing at Johann with a claw. “I can see he’s communicated like that before and I think I can speak to his mind. Let me see.”“After a moment, Johann broke from the line and approached the dragon.“You did ask me to come closer, didn’t you?” he asked.“Yes, I can speak to this one. He can be my rider.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|To be happy, be happy with what you have. To be sad, want what you deserve.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|[God] wants your adoration. He wants your confessions. He wants your thankfulness. He wants your requests. But most of all, He wants you and your love for Him with all your heart, strength, mind, and soul. What a joy it is to be so wanted by the Creator of everything.
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|My Lasher is powerful beyond yourdreams of a daimon, and he has learnt much.’‘Learned,’ I repeated in amazement. ‘How learned, Deborah, for he is merely a spirit, and they areforever foolish and therein lies the danger, that in granting our wishes they do not understand thecomplexity of them, and thereby prove our undoing. There are a thousand tales that prove it. Has this nothappened? How so do you say learned?
|The presence of a problem in your life isn't to give you something to worry and cry about, but to occupy you with solving it and growing from its process.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In God’s Kingdom there are no overnight sensations or flash-in-the-pan successes.Anyone who wants to be used of God will experience hidden years in the backside of the desert. During that time the Lord is polishing, sharpening and preparing us to fit into His bow, so at the right time, like “a polished shaft” He can launch us into fruitful service. The invisible years are years of serving, studying, being faithful in another person’s ministry and doing the behind-the-scenes work. The Bible says, ‘God is not unjust; he will not forget your work’ (Hebrews 6:10 NIV 2011 Edition). Be patient; when the time is right He will bring forth the fruit He placed inside you.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|I meant that the hatred of that July day in Nashville was alive and well on that horrible day in Pittsburgh. People hate others so they strike like snakes. It’s all connected—we’re all connected, bumping around into each other, some of us good, some bad, most a mixture. Every thought acted upon has consequences. Every one.
Louis Pasteur|The big lesson of planetary science is when you do a first reconnaissance of a new kind of object, you should expect the unexpected.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If we should be worrying about anything to do with the future of English, it should not be that the various strands will drift apart but that they will grow indistinguishable. And what a sad, sad loss that would be.
Mary Elizabeth Owens, The Crimson Parasol|An Army wife is probably the only woman in the world whoknows and readily accepts that she is the mistress, because, let’sface it, the Army is the wife and the wife gets all the damnattention!
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Relationships formed through Jiu Jitsu are deeply rooted in respect for one another, and this is often not the case in matters of modern society.
Robert Jordan, The Eye of the World|The power of monsters is their ability to fuse opposites, to merge contraries, to subvert rules, to overthrow cognitive barriers, moral distinction, and ontological categories. Monsters overcome the barrier of time itself. Uniting past and present, demonic and divine, guilt and conscience, predator and prey, parent and child, self and alien, our monsters are our innermost selves.
William Faulkner|Let the writer take up surgery or bricklaying if he is interested in technique. There is no mechanical way to get the writing done, no shortcut. The young writer would be a fool to follow a theory. Teach yourself by your own mistakes; people learn only by error. The good artist believes that nobody is good enough to give him advice. He has supreme vanity. No matter how much he admires the old writer, he wants to beat him.
Sara Zarr, Roomies|Is that the destiny of all friendships, no matter how good they are? To die out or fade away? To end?
Michael Delaware|Savor the moments in life that make your heart glow. Chase after and find the moments that will take your breath away. In the end, it is only those milestones on life's journey that matter.
Nina LaCour, The Disenchantments|If man could be crossed with a cat, it would improve man but deteriorate the cat.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|You deplore what I did, but you still want to know the results of my research.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before--more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.
Maurizio Seracini|Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess.
Frank Lentricchia, The Sadness of Antonioni|You think you know it, but you always find out new stuff.
David Joy, Where All Light Tends to Go|I did wonder what happened when we died, though, and I'd wondered about it for most of my life. Thinking that nothing happened, that there was absolutely nothing following all of this pain, seemed just as silly as magic. No, there had to be something.
Debasish Mridha|When computers are able to imagine, then humanity will get its death notice.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
Donald J. Trump|Given the amount the human suffering Communists have caused, why is Communist so much less a term of revulsion than Nazi? When people describe particularly evil individuals or regimes, why do they use the terms Nazi or fascist but almost never Communist? And, unlike Hitler, Communist mass murderers are rarely used as examples of evil incarnate. Sometimes, in fact, they are used in a heroic or even entertaining way. There are “Mao” restaurants in various cities in the Western world. It is unlikely that there are any “Hitler” restaurants in the West. So, too, while Che Guevara T-shirts and posters are ubiquitous, there is nothing similar celebrating a Nazi, or fascist, or perhaps any non-Communist killer.
Hugh Howey, Dust|Sleep was a vehicle for passing the time, for avoiding the present. It was a trolley for the depressed, the impatient, and the dying.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|if God spared not His own Son, how much less will He spare you!
Mensah Oteh|Circumstances, events or situations have no power except that which you give them.
Veronica Roth|There was only one option left, and it was letting go.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Revolving Door of Life|Patriotism in its simplest, clearest and most indubitable signification is nothing else but a means of obtaining for the rulers their ambitions and covetous desires, and for the ruled the abdication of human dignity, reason, conscience, and a slavish enthrallment to those in power.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Happiness is a habit,it’s more than fleeting,more than a disintegrating lozenge.
Dean C.Curry|What is the Christian's responsibility to this world? Is the Christian's responsibility simply, as the "Great Commission" suggests, to share the Good News of God's Kingdom to others, with the goal of making disciples of all nations and perhaps also, along the way, through acts of charity to help meet the material needs of human beings? In other words, is this the only justification for Christian engagement of the larger world?
Stella McCartney|Sally Jenkins of the 'Washington Post' is the best sports columnist in the country. Second best is Gene Wojciechowski of ESPN.com, and third is Dan Wetzel on Yahoo!
Glenn Turner|Beyond racing, I just love the art form of running, of conceiving new ideas like the 50 Marathons in 50 States in 50 Days. It's the ultimate expression of what I love to do, which is run, and travel, and see this great country.
Mark Twain|Lies and secrets, Tessa, they are like a cancer in the soul. They eat away what is good and leave only destruction behind.
Joyce Rachelle|No decent person deliberately chooses to be violent or cruel. We must remove our blinkers and learn that in order to live according to our true values, we need to stop viewing animals as commodities to be used, abused and killed for our own selfish benefit.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Regret is the strongest anchor that latches on to the ground, and you carry it within you, it is a feeling quite unlike others for it is despair mingled with hope.
Debasish Mridha|Rainbows paint the sky with different colors of love, sadness, and joy.
Daniel J. Siegel|In a brain scan, relational pain—that caused by isolation during punishment—can look the same as physical abuse. Is alone in the corner the best place for your child?
Chanaka Satharasinghe.|So, what do you photograph?”I swallow my wine.“What?”“You know – city scapes, nature, portraits, candid shots...”Boobs. I photograph boobs.“Uhh... people?
Nella Larsen, Passing|It hurt. It hurt like hell. But it didn’t matter, if no one knew.
Jeanette Winterson|Do you wake up as I do, having forgotten what it is that hurts or where, until you move? There is a second of consciousness that is clean again. A second that is you, without memory or experience, the animal warm and waking into a brand new world. There is the sun dissolving the dark, and light as clear as music, filling the room where you sleep and the other rooms behind your eyes.
Loren Weisman|If some musicians put half as much effort in to the business side as they do their outer look and appearances, they could be twice as far.
Jenna Alatari|Relationships are like gardening. If you don't water the plants, they die.
Parul Wadhwa|Love does that. It makes you feel infinite and invincible, like the whole world is open to you, anything is achievable, and each day will be filled with wonder. Maybe it’s the act of opening yourself up, letting someone else in— or maybe it’s the act of caring so deeply about another person that it expands your heart. I’ve heard so many people say some version of I never knew how much I could love another human being until . . . And after the until is usually something like my niece was born or I gave birth to a child or I adopted a baby. I never knew how much I could love another human being until I met you, Gabe.I’ll never forget that.
Zeshan Ali Sheikh|The more I read, the less I know.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|If grammar is the skeleton of expression and usage the flesh and blood, then style is the personality.
Mizuho Kusanagi, NG Life, Volume 9|She was one of six people accused of the murder, five of hom took pleas; to had internalised their guilt so deeply that, aven after being freed, they still had vivid memories of committing the crime.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|I bet there are a lot of women out there who want to sleep with a guy who reads. And being the head of the reading foundation, I’m very well endowed.
Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe|Nothing is ever as simple as it seems. At the edge of perception, weird things dance and howl.
Ilyan Kei Lavanway|Those who know you, don’t know you. Those who don’t know you, want to know you; and the cycle goes on.
Red Delachina|Weird is my personality, Complicated are my words and Mystery I am but those what gets you to like me.
Carsten Ostergaard Pedersen|When you get up in the morning, you select what you want to wear, however you do not realise you can also select what thoughts you are going to have. Your clothe leaves an impression on other people, your thoughts leaves an impression on you, choose wisely - Carsten Ostergaard Pedersen-
Viktor Orban|Most of the time, we keep looking outside and feeling sad about what others have. Those are mere excuses.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|There have been extensive human rights violations by American psychiatrists over the last 70 years. These doctors were pad by the American taxpayer through CIA and military contracts. It is past time for these abuses to stop, it is past time for a reckoning, and it is past time for individual doctors to be held accountable. The Manchurian Candidate Programs are of much more than "historical" interest. ARTICHOKE, BLUEBIRD, MKULTRA and MKSEARCH are precursors of mind control programs that are operational in the twenty first century. Human rights violations by psychiatrists must be ongoing in programs like COPPER GREEN, the interrogation program at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Such programs must be carried out within CIA units like Task Force 121 (The Dallas Morning News, December 1, 2004, p. 1A). Information pointing to ongoing human rights violations by psychiatrists is available in publications like The New Yorker (see article by Seymour M. Hersh, May 24, 2004). Yes the indifference, silence, denial, and disinformation of organized medicine and psychiatry continue. One purpose of The CIA Doctors: Human Rights Violations By American Psychiatrists is to break that silence.
Thomas Aquinas|Beneath all the rhetoric about relevance lies a profoundly disturbing possibility - that people may base their lives upon an illusion, upon a blatant lie. The attractiveness of a belief is all too often inversely proportional to its truth... To allow "relevance" to be given greater weight than truth is a mark of intellectual shallowness and moral irresponsibility.
Juliet Castle, The Silent Partner And Other Stories Of Truth|We are living in the falsehood due to the erroneous teachings of the society, community and the bordered nations.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|She chose the attractive room, not noticing the cloven hoof exposed beneath the ornate curtains. That decision has surely haunted her every day since, finally catching up to her.
Kyung-Sook Shin, I'll Be Right There|And the tiresome part of sorrows is that they do not hurt in proportion to their validity and excusability. If we are to be sympathetic, we can remember always that silly suffering hurts just as much as sensible suffering.
Colleen Hoover, Too Late|ALL LOSSES IN THIS WORLD ARE DUE TO A LACK OF ABILITY. IF YOU WANT TO CURSE SOMETHING, CURSE YOUR OWN WEAKNESS
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Listening is one of the finest ways to demonstrate our love for another human being. How many marriages could be saved, friendships healed, careers made, and opportunities enjoyed if people would simply stop what they are doing and listen deeply to what another person has to say. If practiced by everyone, this principle could be a world-changer!
William Paul Young, The Shack|As a Christian and a feminist, the most important message I can carry and fight for is the sacredness of each human life, and reproductive rights for all women are a crucial part of that. It is a moral necessity that we not be forced to bring children into the world for whom we cannot be responsible and adoring and present. We must not inflict life on children who will be resented; we must not inflict unwanted children on society.
Dave Davies|In the fourth grade, my history teacher gave us a project: Why was the auto industry located in Detroit, Michigan? I didn't know I was going to be an economist, but I knew I was going to do something that was involved in answering questions like that one because I thought that was a fascinating question.
Debasish Mridha|As a physician, we heal by sharing our bestowed power of knowledge, love, and compassion.
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|But what are they?” Annie asked.“An omphalos, probably,” said Jacob.“A what, dear?” Melinda asked.“A bellybutton of the world.”“I didn’t know it had one.
Phil Cooke|Today we must begin again. Step by small step, without any more protection than comes from our own bodies.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Just like our story, the original Christmas tales were stories of searching, not so much for the lost, as for the familiar. Mary and Joseph sought in Bethlehem- the home of their familial ancestry- a place to start their own family; the three kings from the East journeyed beneath the sentinel star to find the King of Kings; and the shepherds sought a child in a place most familiar to them: a manger.
Queen Elizabeth II|Classic Christmas cookies are really time-consuming. Instead, make a bar you can bake in a pan and just cut up, like a brownie or a blondie or a shortbread, which still has that Christmas vibe.
Alfie Kohn, The Homework Myth: Why Our Kids Get Too Much of a Bad Thing|It is time that we had uncommon schools, that we did not leave off our education when we begin to be men and women.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|As yet hath his knowledge not learned to smile, and to be without jealously ; as yet hath his gushing passion not become calm in beauty.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Children|In writing. Don't use adjectives which merely tell us how you want us to feel about the thing you are describing. I mean, instead of telling us a thing was "terrible," describe it so that we'll be terrified. Don't say it was "delightful"; make us say "delightful" when we've read the description. You see, all those words (horrifying, wonderful, hideous, exquisite) are only like saying to your readers, "Please will you do my job for me.", 26 June 1956]
Debasish Mridha|It's not the glitter, but the love, that makes things beautiful.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Masculinity is part of a binary and requires its opposite, since, in the absence of femininity, masculinity would have no meaning.
Anisha D'souza|Your current life is the result of your previous choices, if you want something different, begin to choose differently.
Steven J. Lawson|Let this change you. Let this take hold in the very center of your soul. Write it on the walls of your heart. Let this emanate through every part of you, and trickle into every aspect of your life. 	You were not designed to be merely a good person, but that through the experience of mortality you could embrace the divinity you were created with. I do not merely want you to get along with others, but for everyone to be one, and one in me. Not for my glory, but that the glory of godliness will exalt you to a higher plane of existence, beyond anything you've ever imagined. 	Throw out weakness and fear; rid yourself of those spoiled garments. Adorn yourself with new garments, spotless and pure. Be reborn. Set your hand to the plow and look not back. Take that first step onto the water; do not fear the wind or the waves, for it is I your Lord and Savior who beckon you. Listen o listen to my voice, which is the voice of the Good Sheppard who calls you; for why should ye parish for naught?’	Parker, the bar has been set, for you and for I, and all the rest of humanity should we chose to accept the invitation,” Flavius concluded powerfully.
Nikola Telsa, The Problem of Increasing Human Energy|Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Learning to think rigorously, so as to act rightly and to serve humanity better.
Andrew Murray|Ask and you shall receive; everyone that asks receives.  This is the fixed eternal law of the kingdom:  If you ask and receive not, it must be because there is something amiss or wanting in the prayer. Hold on; let the Word and Spirit teach you to prat aright, but do not let go the confidence he seeks to waken:  Everyone who asks receives....Let every learner in the school of Christ therefore take the Master's word in all simplicity....Let us beware of weakening the word with our human wisdom.
Pharrell Williams|I've always loved music, but I never really played anything. After 'Walk the Line' and learning to play guitar, and having that sense of performing, I think that certainly opened the door for me, for music.
Shannon L. Alder|A relationship run by rules, instead of love is a relationship that is on the road to failure.
Scott Nearing|The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|But what Mom never told me is that along the way, you find sisters, and they find you. Girls are cool that way.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|People should think that being a writer is cool. Even if you’re just a starving writer. Besides, most great writers were starving at one point or another. It comes with the title.
Graham Joyce, The Silent Land|There are certain songs, and books, and films that are like points of high ground in the memory. Like they are even larger than your own experiences. They never go away.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|It came charging toward me, several hundred pounds of angry-looking monster, and I did the only thing any reasonable wizard could have done.I turned around and ran like hell.
Jessica Lee, Undying Desire|Eve turned away as a whispered “yes, ma'am” reached her ears. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. Why was she saving this asshole? Eve opened her eyes and unlocked the heavy steel bolt securing the five-by-two slab of oak. She looked back, ready to give him the signal to haul ass, when all the air punched from her lungs.Naked.It was the only word her stunned mind could form. Eve spun in place, and her rear bumped against the door. Guerin stood there, completely nude, with his briefs and coat in his grip.“W-wh-what are you doing?” Dear God, she was stuttering like a young girl who'd never seen “boy parts” before.
Charlotte Bronte|They tell me that it will be hard to find a man strong enough to love my own strength and independence, and not worry about being Mr. Diana Ross, but I disagree. I know absolutely that that man is somewhere out there.
Ronald L.  Smith, Hoodoo|You got to face your evil, Hoodoo," Zeke said. "If people don't face the danger that's seeking them, evil will find them first.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our culture puts feelings first, but true love isn’t based on feelings. That is why there are so many divorces today. When the early romantic feelings in a marriage do not remain constant . . .many people believe divorce is the answer.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Sickness Unto Death: A Christian Psychological Exposition for Upbuilding and Awakening|He lay listening to the water drip in the woods. Bedrock, this. The cold and the silence. The ashes of the late world carried on the bleak and temporal winds to and fro in the void. Carried forth and scattered and carried forth again. Everything uncoupled from its shoring. Unsupported in the ashen air. Sustained by a breath, trembling and brief. If only my heart were stone.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|All my life, the library has always been one of my favorite places to go. (Larry Brown: A Writer's Life by Jean W. Cash)
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|So the fact tht anyone would ever suggest that Arab women are dominated and demeaned is really quite ludicrous. In this part of the world, She's just Not That Into Him. We're the ones who make a pantomime of the wedding, and play at happily ever after....The men might think they have the upper hand, they may believe they've nabbed themselves a prime piece of arm candy, but we've got his 'potential as a provider' wrapped around our little fingers. Oh yes, we're the smart ones.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I don't do what I'm told, but I might do what you want if you ask me nicely.
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|In the wildlife sanctuaries of literature, we study the species of speech, the flight patterns of individual words, the herd behavior of words together, and we learn what language does and why it matters. this is excellent training for going out into the world and looking at all the unhallowed speech of political statements and news headlines and CDC instructions and seeing how it makes the word or in this case, makes a mess of it. It is the truest, highest purpose of language to make things clear and help us see; when words are used to do the opposite you know you're in trouble and maybe that there's a cover-up.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|The problem with movements is that, all too often, they are associated only with the most visible figures, the people with the biggest platforms and the loudest, most provocative voices. But feminism is not whatever philosophy is being spouted by the popular media feminist flavor of the week, at least not entirely.
Teresa Mummert|Love comes from the heart, lust comes ...lower
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not serving the Lord, start serving Him, so that you will be a partaker of His blessings
Jay-Z|The new American dream is one of responsibility. What is the bottom-line number that you're going to be able to pay back toward a student loan responsibly if you're doing it yourself after you have a job? That dictates the amount of money you can borrow. That dictates the school you can go to, if you can even go to a four-year college at all.
Thomas Hardy|Jude leaped out of arm's reach, and walked along the trackway weeping--not from the pain, though that was keen enough; not from the perception of the flaw in the terrestrial scheme, by which what was good for God's birds was bad for God's gardener; but with the awful sense that he had wholly disgraced himself before he had been a year in the parish, and hence might be a burden to his great-aunt for life.
Jeanette Winterson|Life is absolutely, mysteriously beautiful.
David Michie, The Dalai Lama's Cat|The trees around and overhead were so thick that it was always dry inside and on Sunday morning I lay there with Jonas, listening to his stories. All cat stories start with the statement: "My mother, who was the first cat, told me this," and I lay with my head close to Jonas and listened. There was no change coming, I thought here, only spring; I was wrong to be so frightened. The days would get warmer, and Uncle Julian would sit in the sun, and Constance would laugh when she worked in the garden, and it would always be the same. Jonas went on and on ("And then we sang! And then we sang!") and the leaves moved overhead and it would always be the same.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|I don´t listen to hoax or rumours, but I like a good sense of humour. If you are wrong, be wise, apologize. Otherwise, be kind and rewind. Gone with the wind...
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Don’t look on in awe, emulate your idols and become one in the process.
George Harrison|With every mistake, we must surely be learning.
S.K Michels|The Light shone shone from her skin,casting about the room in dancing beams that warmed all those that gazed upon her. A magnificent creature,so powerful,so distant,so wonderous and strange and out of reach. It almost seemed she did not belong to this world,she should walk instead through palaces in the heavens,or labyrinths of deep seas. Forests where trees stretched out of sight,with canopies that spread for miles;or mountains that glittered white and violet.
Ignazio Silone, Bread and Wine|But you can live in the most democratic country on earth, and if you're lazy, obtuse or servile within yourself, you're not free.
Peter Murphy|Everyone has secret.Like the oyster with its grain of sand, we bury it deep within, coating it with opalescent layers, as if that could heal our mortal wound. Some of us devote our entire lives to keeping our secret hidden, safe from those who might pry it from us, hoarding it like the pearl, only to discover that it escapes us when we least expect it. revealed by a flash of fear in our eyes when caught unawares, by a sudden pain, a rage or hatred, or an all-consuming shame.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|So do you want to make culture? Find a community, a small group who can lovingly fuel your dreams and puncture your illusions. Find friends and form a family who are willing to see grace at work in one another's lives, who can discern together which gifts and which crosses each has been called to bear. Find people who have a holy respect for power and a holy willingness to spend their power alongside the powerless. Find some partners in the wild and wonderful world beyond church doors. And then, together, make something of the world.
Thomas Merton|Whether it is good or evil, whether life in itself is pain or pleasure, whether it is uncertain-that it may perhaps be this is not important-but the unity of the world, the coherence of all events, the embracing of the big and the small from the same stream, from the same law of cause, of becoming and dying.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|But our wishes are like tinder: the flint and steel of circumstances are continually striking out sparks, which vanish immediately, unless they chance to fall upon the tinder of our wishes; then, they instantly ignite, and the flame of hope is kindled in a moment.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|From sunrise to sunset to sunrise, there is a lifetime of joy, sorrow and happiness.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|The big thinking gives us vision, power and direction, but it is the small steps that are the action of the process.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I can only say God is faithful because what's happening in my life right now was said in the year 2011 in LA and that I was so discouraged, things were not happening according to my plan. God the promise keeper gave me a promise that day and I see that promise manifesting daily. Thank you Jesus your promises are 'Yes and Amen'.
Gabrielle Aplin|Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.
Mark Gorton, The Utterly Amazing BUMBLING-BOY VS. THE GREEN BOGEY: To bee or not to bee, that is the question|When I rule the world," screamed the Bogey, "all antiques will be destroyed! Antiques will be things of the past!
Ai Weiwei|A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not.
Joy Behar|My life at home gives me absolute joy. There are some days when, as soon as you've finished cooking breakfast and cleaning up the kitchen, it's time to start lunch, and by the time you've done that, you're doing dinner and thinking, 'There has to be a menu we can order from.'
Michelle Latiolais, Widow: Stories|She wished it were evening now, wished for the great relief of the calendar inking itself out, of day done and night coming, of ice cubes knocking about in a glass beneath the whisky spilling in, that fine brown affirmation of need.
Santosh Kalwar|The world has changed from quality to quantity, and so have we.
Luis Carlos Montalván, Until Tuesday: A Wounded Warrior and the Golden Retriever Who Saved Him|It's like that quote: 'If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.' The choice between a duty or a principle, you know?
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|Do you know the feeling, when your heart is so hurt, that you could feel the blood dripping?
Evan Minton|Christians do not believe that there is one God and three Gods. Nor do we believe that God is one person and three persons. That would clearly be contradictory and therefore logically impossible. Rather, the doctrine of the Trinity is that there is one God who eternally exists as three distinct persons. We believe that The Father, The Son, and The Holy Spirit are each individual persons in their own right, but they all share the same divine essence. Saying that "God is one being who consists of three persons" is no more contradictory than saying that "There's one triangle that consists of three corners
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|I'm starting to think you like prisons," "And that you have the worst taste in men.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Raced Fairyland All the Way Home|There is a moon,that rests in the quiet cornersof a lover’s lips.
The Fitness Doc|Men of science offer us health, an obvious benefit; it is only afterwards that we discover that by health, they mean bodily slavery and spiritual tedium.
Corey Robin|when the democrats choose not to be democratic, democracy fails to be democratic.
Joel T. McGrath|Humans are easy to read, because what they’re not saying speaks volumes.
Kahlil Gibran, Le Prophète|When love beckons to you follow him, Though his ways are hard and steep. And when his wings enfold you yield to him, Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you. And when he speaks to you believe in him, Though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden. For even as love crowns you so shall he crucify you. Even as he is for your growth so is he for your pruning. Even as he ascends to your height and caresses your tenderest branches that quiver in the sun, So shall he descend to your roots and shake them in their clinging to the earth......But if in your fear you would seek only love's peace and love's pleasure, Then it is better for you that you cover your nakedness and pass out of love's threshing-floor, Into the seasonless world where you shall laugh, but not all of your laughter, and weep, but not all of your tears. Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself.Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; For love is sufficient unto love. And think not you can direct the course of love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course. Love has no other desire but to fulfil itself."But if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires: To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night. To know the pain of too much tenderness. To be wounded by your own understanding of love; And to bleed willingly and joyfully.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I wish I knew how to quit you, political jokers
John Mark Green|You think I'm psycho, you think I'm goneTell the psychiatrist something is wrongOver the bend, entirely bonkersYou like me best when I'm off my rockerTell you a secret, I'm not alarmedSo what if I'm crazy? The best people are.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Empire|She shook off his grip. "I am what I am, and I don't particularly care what you think of me.” "Well, I care what you think of me. I care enough that I stayed at this disgusting party for you. And I care enough that I'd attend a thousand more like it so I can spend a few hours with you when you aren't looking at me like I'M not worth the dirt beneath your shoes.
Miles Davis, Miles: The Autobiography|Do you want to make progress? If so, then take each problem not as a challenging rival, but as an encouraging friend of yours, who is helping you to arrive at your ultimate destination.
Jenny Wingfield, The Homecoming of Samuel Lake|Willadee asked him if he thought maybe it should say HAPPY EVER AFTER, but Samuel said no, he thought happiness was like any other miracle. The more you talked about it, the less people believed it was real. It was like Swan said, some things, everybody just had to find out about for themselves.
April Mae Monterrosa|Beauty, business, blogs, & bullshit...never a dull conversation with your friends you have tons in common with.
Jack Kevorkian|When I'm writing, I'm constantly thinking about myself, because it's the only experience I have to draw on. And I don't see an exact reflection of myself in every face in the audience, but I know that my songs have validity to them, and that's why the fans are there.
Sunday Adelaja|It doesn’t matter how hard the world tries to get the sons of God, everything is turned around for their good
Robert Darnton|When ministers in this government talk about investing in education and skills, about making the planning system work; about employment law reform and delivering transport and power generation and broadband communication infrastructure, we are talking about raising Britain's productivity.
Imania Margria|Brilliance some are born with it, but others create it over time. It lightens the foulest of hearts and pierces the darkest of nights to lead us on the right path of our future destinies.
Hannibal Buress|In person, my father is so friendly, so considerate, so funny, and so real. I have admired my father all of my life, and I love him with all my heart.
Kristin Armstrong|As I get older, I use less jewelry - necklace or earrings each morning, not both; my clothes are getting more basic - fewer colours and simpler cuts; and my make-up is stripped back to basics.
Nomzamo Nhlumayo|Carved deep into my veins but didn't bleedOverdosed on sleeping pills but didn't sleepWhen your heart is heavy, it gets increasingly harder to breatheClearly there's a GodBut why has he forsaken me?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Without the resurrection, the cross is meaningless.
Curt Schilling|I've always kind of had an interest in the drums but nothing else. The drums are the only thing I feel I would be good at, because I'm a very physical person. I've always played sports and stuff. Drums would give me something to do.
Eraldo Banovac|Being a Falconer is about saving the buggers even if they don't deserve it." - Farlan MacNeil
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|The economics of industrialized countries would collapse if women didn't do the work they do for free: According to economist Marilyn Waring, throughout the West it generates between 25 and 40 percent of the gross national product.
Paula Hawkins|I am a romantic, in a literary way, by which I mean the Romantic poets, who thought just because a sensation is fleeting doesn't mean it isn't valuable. If the only criterion of value is whether something lasts, then the whole of human life is a waste of time.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|…Amongst these legends of dragon hoards,Where secret, precious things are stored,There golden nugget and diamond shard,There treasure-keeper hoped to guard.As bolted doorway securely braced,hoping its treasures to ever hold,hoping beyond when time grows old,So stood the keeper in its place.A statue of unrelenting stanceStill stands victim to happenstance,For treasure-keeper did not bargainon a bit of chance and a bit of dwargen…”- Dwenzuak the dwargen
Israelmore Ayivor|A little "thank you" that you will say to someone for a "little favour" shown to you is a key to unlock the doors that hide unseen "greater favours". Learn to say "thank you" and why not?
Max Beckmann|Art is creative for the sake of realization, not for amusement: for transfiguration, not for the sake of play. It is the quest of our self that drives us along the eternal and never-ending journey we must all make.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|To be fully alive, you must never stop dreaming.
Anonymous|When something horrible happens, it's human nature to want to blame it on someone. We want someone to be held accountable, even though sometimes things just happen.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|How nice would it be to just drop from the tree, fall from forking branches a ripened fruit thudding your weight to earth without distraction, without option—thrust to ground under gravity's current to be gathered up and eaten or left there to decay and deposit that seed from the core of your being into the little plot of your death, lush ring of your composted fertilizing flesh.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Yet perhaps even this view falls short of the truth. It is not simply that God has arbitrarily made us such that He is our only good. Rather, God is the only good of all creatures: and by necessity each must find its good in that kind and degree of the fruition of God which is proper to its nature. The kind and degree may vary with the creature's nature: but that there ever could be any other good is an atheistic dream. ... George Macdonald... represents God as saying to men, 'You must be strong with my strength and blessed with my blessedness for I have no other to give you.' That is the whole conclusion of the matter. God gives what He has, not what He has not: He gives the happiness that there is, not the happiness that is not. To be God - to be like God and to share His goodness in creaturely response - to be miserable - these are the only three alternatives. If we will not learn to eat the only food that the universe grows - the only food that any possible universe can ever grow - then we must starve eternally.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|As regards the individual nature, woman is defective and misbegotten, for the active power of the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in the masculine sex; while the production of a woman comes from defect in the active power.
Brennan Manning|Only the Communist Party, as the institution that brings together the revolutionary vanguard and will always guarantee the unity of Cubans, can be the worthy heir of the trust deposited by the people in their leader.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My darling, pray daily for me, this is my special request.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Changes at any level within an organization (individual, team or organization) or across business ecosystem require intent.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Precious Princess|He does not need to be an emperor, but a prince.If he has enough charm or elegance to convince.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|The Lord is my strength and my shield; my heart trusts in him, and I am helped. My heart leaps for joy and I will give thanks to him in song. (Psalm 28:7 NIV)
Neel Mukherjee|The peasant rebellion against collectivization was the most serious episode in popular resistance experienced by the Soviet state after the Russian Civil War. In 1930, more than two million peasants took part in 13,754 mass disturbances. In 1929 and 1930, the OGPU recorded 22,887 "terrorists acts" aimed at local officials and peasant activists, more than 1,100 murders.
Philip K. Dick|Yes, it's vital to make lifestyle choices to mitigate damage caused by being a member of industrialized civilization, but to assign primary responsibility to oneself, and to focus primarily on making oneself better, is an immense copout, an abrogation of responsibility.
Thomas Sowell, Basic Economics: A Citizen's Guide to the Economy|Freuchen tells how one day, after coming home hungry from an unsuccessful walrus-hunting expedition, he found one of the successful hunters dropping off several hundred pounds of meat. He thanked him profusely. The man objected indign
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|Night has settled over Paris.The streets have cleared of the crowds, and the city has been lit up. I set my book down, deciding to go for a walk. The Eiffel Tower is only a few blocks away. Now that there aren't many people out, I can walk there without having to fight my way through mobs of gawking tourists.
Charles B. Rangel|When this sad war is over we will all return to our homes, and feel that we can ask no higher honor than the proud consciousness that we belonged to the Army of the Potomac.
Nikki Rowe|She was born to be free, let her run wild in her own way and you will never lose her.
Nicole Sobon, The Yearning|Forever. He carved the word into his soul. Kiera was his forever, deformity or no deformity.
Catherine Fisher, Incarceron|If it means my death, I don't care, because even death will be a sort of freedom.
Maren Morris|I say the law should be blind to race, gender and sexual orientation, just as it claims to be blind to wealth and power. There should be no specially protected groups of any kind, except for children, the severely disabled and the elderly, whose physical frailty demands society's care.
Sunday Adelaja|When you begin to expect miracles, Jesus feels insulted.
Shannon L. Alder|In pursuit of exposing people for who we think they are, we expose ourself.
Tamora Pierce, Shatterglass|If I have to 'catch' a man to get a husband, I don't want one.
Darnell Lamont Walker, Book of She|After every shirt she looks at me and smiles, letting go of air she no longer needs. She laughs after the sweater, knowing I’m gonna tell her it’s too hot for it, knowing she’ll say it’s for the plane and ask “what if the room gets cold?
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Just because someone wakes up one morning and says, “Today I am going to be rich,” does not automatically make them rich. So the same is true with forgiveness, it has to come from the heart with meaning, that is when it works best.
Alice Hoffman, Incantation|If every life is a river, then it's little wonder that we do not even notice the changes that occur until we are far out in the darkest sea. One day you look around and nothing is familiar, not even your own face. My name once meant daughter, grandaughter, friend, sister, beloved. Now those words mean only what their letters spell out; Star in the night sky. Truth in the darkness.I have crossed over to a place where I never thought I'd be. I am someone I would have never imagined. A secret. A dream. I am this, body and soul. Burn me. Drown me. Tell me lies. I will still be who I am.
Ancient Chinese Proverb|Civilize The Mind, But Make Savage The Body.
Barack Obama|However painful the process of leaving home, for parents and for children, the really frightening thing for both would be the prospect of the child never leaving home.
Rory MacLean|The university's business is the conservation of useless knowledge; and what the university itself apparently fails to see is that this enterprise is not only noble but indispensable as well, that society can not exist unless it goes on.
John Irving, In One Person|Most places we leave in childhood grow less, not more, fancy.
Rachel Zucker|Even if a poem is beautiful and memorable, it’s not like an advertising jingle or propaganda, which attempt to convince and control. Poems seek to confuse, disabuse, enlarge understanding, and make people ask questions and think for themselves.
Henrietta Newton Martin, General Laws and Interpretation-Sultanate of Oman-Part I Perspicuous  E - Book Edition -2014|There is no need, in order to explain three-quarters of the opinions held about people, to go so far as a love that has been spurned or an exclusion from political power. Our judgment remains unsure: an invitation refused or received determines it.
Tehmina Durrani, My Feudal Lord|There will be a great imbalance in our strengths if we fight, because I am prepared to die and you are desperate to live.
Robert Greene, Mastery|Our earliest ancestors were descended from primates who thrived for millions of years in a treetop environment, and who in the process had evolved one of the most remarkable visual systems in nature. To move quickly and efficiently in such a world, they developed extremely sophisticated eye and muscle coordination. Their eyes slowly evolved into a full-frontal position on the face, giving them binocular, stereoscopic vision. This system provides the brain a highly accurate three-dimensional and detailed perspective, but is rather narrow. Animals that possess such vision—as opposed to eyes on the side or half side—are generally efficient predators like owls or cats. They use this powerful sight to home in on prey in the distance. Tree-living primates evolved this vision for a different purpose—to navigate branches, and to spot fruits, berries, and insects with greater effectiveness. They also evolved elaborate color vision.
Suzette R. Hinton|If you are feeling constrained by a group that you belong to, ask yourself,“How can I participate in this community and still be who I am?
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|In France, a chemist named Pilatre de Rozier tested the flammability of hydrogen by gulping a mouthful and blowing across an open flame, proving at a stroke that hydrogen is indeed explosively combustible and that eyebrows are not necessarily a permanent feature of one's face.
Carl Sagan|You see, the religious people — most of them — really think this planet is an experiment. That's what their beliefs come down to. Some god or other is always fixing and poking, messing around with tradesmen's wives, giving tablets on mountains, commanding you to mutilate your children, telling people what words they can say and what words they can't say, making people feel guilty about enjoying themselves, and like that. Why can't the gods leave well enough alone? All this intervention speaks of incompetence. If God didn't want Lot's wife to look back, why didn't he make her obedient, so she'd do what her husband told her? Or if he hadn't made Lot such a shithead, maybe she would've listened to him more. If God is omnipotent and omniscient, why didn't he start the universe out in the first place so it would come out the way he wants? Why's he constantly repairing and complaining? No, there's one thing the Bible makes clear: The biblical God is a sloppy manufacturer. He's not good at design, he's not good at execution. He'd be out of business if there was any competition.
Craig Shoemaker|I also believe that man’s continued domestication (if you care to use that silly euphemism) of dogs is motivated by fear: fear that dogs, left to evolve on their own, would, in fact, develop thumbs and smaller tongues, and therefore would be superior to men, who are slow and cumbersome, standing erect as they do. This is why dogs must live under the constant supervision of people.... From what Denny has told me about the government and its inner workings, it is my belief that this despicable plan was hatched in a back room of none other than the White House, probably by an evil adviser to a president of questionable moral and intellectual fortitude, and probably with the correct assessment—unfortunately, made from a position of paranoia rather than of spiritual insight—that all dogs are progressively inclined regarding social issues.
Israelmore Ayivor|When dark situations arise, it is opportunity for you to reveal the leader in you. Rise and deal with them.
Ray Bradbury|I've had several really tangible dreams about UFOs, and they've been amazing!
Bernard Kelvin Clive|If building a disruptive, dynamic brand is not in your plans, neither is profit.
Robert De Niro|The mind of a writer can be a truly terrifying thing. Isolated, neurotic, caffeine-addled, crippled by procrastination, consumed by feelings of panic, self-loathing, and soul-crushing inadequacy. And that’s on a good
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The key to understanding if something is truly precious is to ask if we can hold it, for things truly precious cannot be held.
Kenzaburo Oe|A theme in a lot of my books - and in my own life - is making choices that you feel you should make, or what society wants you to make, as opposed to what is truly right for you.
Anne Brontë|Severed and gone, so many years! And art thou still so dear to me, That throbbing heart and burning tears Can witness how I cling to thee?
H.P. Lovecraft|If you can't feel the touch of the gods on your own, it greatly behooves you to work on that before some lecher tells you his touch is just as good.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It's possible to walk out of your house with "local" footsteps, printing them one by one till they go on to make "global" consequences! Go, make a safe journey!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Losing myself interests me. The fertile topsoil interests me, sprawling beneath a light dusting of snow, and the snow that crams the trunks and branches of the pines and elms and redwoods, having frozen up their roots, subdues me to consider life and death. What lurks beneath the ground? Surely dead seeds and frozen worms reside deep below that earth, and surely all those presentiments of life lying dormant, dead or dying, scattered and mute, like memories.
Jose Carreras|Michael is not only my friend, he's my family.
Olga Grushin, The Dream Life of Sukhanov|Passion, emotion, love and romance they all look better in movies; in reality all you need is a big dick.
Donnie Harold Harris|Every time when we think we smart, and following for mainstream, we've been used to kill ourselves. 08.07.11
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience|Whatever she says to you, it’s your jobnot to let her make you mad.
Wayne Dyer|The reproduction of mankind is a great marvel and mystery. Had God consulted me in the matter, I should have advised him to continue the generation of the species by fashioning them out of clay.
Beau Sides, Unseen Tears: The Challenges of Orphans and Orphanages in China|Wealth gives you options, and your decisions about what to do with your options say much about your character.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|The superior weapon of choice to fight ineffective, unwarranted distrust and fear, is a commitment to believing in others, coupled with a charitable heart; it is then that logic and intellect can be most successfully employed to deal with such negative emotions.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|You are addressed by the way you dress. Your attire reflects your sense of value or taste and of course, your speech either makes or mars you.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.
T.S. Eliot, The Cocktail Party|Two people who know they do not understand each other, breeding children whom they do not understand and who will never understand them.
Amy Tan|Every sickness has an alien quality, a feeling of invasion and loss of control that is evident in the language we use about it.
Deyth Banger|Stephen King and Clive Barker can make amazing works, such people's book should be on your list.
Jackie Kennedy|If there's anything worse than a woman living alone, it's a woman saying she likes it.
David Mitchell|It's a very special talent that men have, to possess seeing eyes yet be so blind.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Smartass Disciple: Master, why heaven is up there and hell is down there ?Master of Stupidity: If otherwise, it wouldn't be celebrated as ascension day.
Jen Calonita, On Location|I was told very sternly at the hospital to avoid boys at all costs. Mess up your levels.""Oh, they do that!" Amy laughs. "Probably best to leave them alone for a while. The secret, though, is to start with one you're not that bothered about."What is the point in that?
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|By perceiving the end of those illusive ideas and statuses as real, see yourself as though you have already accomplished what you have had a revelation to do. Then go, make it happen.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Now, we see what we are shown. We have gotten used to being shown no matter what, within or beyond the limited range of human sight. This habituation to the monopoly of visualization-on-command strongly suggests that only those things that can in some way be visualized, recorded, and replayed at will are part of reality...The result is a strange mistrusts of our own eyes, a disposition to take as real only that which is mechanically displayed in a photograph, a statistical curve, or a table. Eyewitness testimony must be "substantiated" by records that have been acquired, and can be stored and then shown.
Richard Dawkins|The path to the CEO's office should not be through the CFO's office, and it should not be through the marketing department. It needs to be through engineering and design.
Ann Hood, The Knitting Circle|The only language she could speak was grief. How could he not know that? Instead, she said, "I love you." She did. She loved him. But even that didn't feel like anything anymore.
Abram Hoffer|Give me health and a day, and I will make the pomp of emperors ridiculous.
Nikki Giovanni|The mark of a legitimate revolution - the scientific, for example - was that it didn't brag about its revolutionariness but simply occurred.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Calm for too long begs the question of whether we're in an all-out pursuit of life, or we're all-out of the pursuit of life.
Jane Leavy|The world is not kind to whistleblowers - a term of art with particular resonance in football, the most hierarchical and repressive of organized sports, a world of 'systems' and 'programs' and scripted plays, where reading a medical report requires a security clearance, and practice fields are patrolled like Guantanamo Bay.
Debasish Mridha|It is not our external actions that attract others, but it is the actions of our imaginations, visualizations, and subconscious minds that attract others.
Andrew Luck|One thing I longed to do was to design a complete look, from head to toe, so I started a make-up line in 1966.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|What a joke, coming from a woman who worked for the fashion industry. Really. Starving yourself to fit into a size zero — why did that size even exist? Zero referred to the absence of something, but what did it mean in terms of a model's measurements? Her fat? Or her presence? How much could you cut away before the person herself vanished? It was hypocritical, that's what it was. I said as much, adding, “If you're so keen on me being healthy then you should have no problem accepting me for the way I am. That's what's healthy, Mom. Not being focused on all this freaky weight-loss stuff.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|Love the moment for its simplicity, it may give or take nothing from you, but in the blinking of an eye it will have change so many things forever.
April White, Cheating Death|Look around you at the people you've been taught to hate, because hate is just a cloak that hides fear.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVILNow please let me introduce myselfI’m the wealthy charming manBeen here on earth for many, many yearsMany hearts, faiths and souls I stoleI was around and watched Jesus ChristHad his faith, doubt and painConned goddamn Pontus PilateTo wash his hands and doom his soulThrilled to meet youDo you guess my nameThought I’m in hell but no I’m right hereThat’s the puzzling nature of my game
Richard Branson|It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
David Brooks|Abilene had gone from boomtown to Bible Belt, from whorehouses to schoolmarms, without any of the intervening phases.
Red Auerbach|The Japanese scored an important victory at Pearl Harbor, but the attack pulled the United States into World War II, and four years later, Japan was in ruins, utterly defeated.
Anna Politkovskaya|You will be flogged for being right and flogged for being wrong, and it hurts both ways--but it doesn't hurt as much when you're right.
Petra Hermans|Pain is only temporary, but victory lasts for ever.
Eloisa James, The Duke Is Mine|I'm fat," she blurted out. "You are not fat. You're the most beautiful, voluptuous woman I know." His eyes moved down her body, deliberately, slowly, then back up to her face. What she saw in them sent fire squirming through her stomach and lower."I want every inch of you," he said, growling it. "I want to fall on my knees and worship at your hips." He reach out, shaped her curves from breast to hips with a burning sweep of his hand that a man was allowed to give only his wife.
Authoress Redd|Rita has spent her whole life being chased by boys. Because of that, she never had a chance to stop running long enough to figure out who she was and what kind of guy she should let catch her.
Jason Fried, Rework|If you're not the hero of your talent story, you simply become a player in one you didn't choose.
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Essential Lessons on Leadership|Most of us care about one another. Human beings have considerably more in common with one another than they do differences. One’s religion, political persuasion, family, financial and social status, or vocation does not hamper the common thread of personal decency running through most of humankind.
Harrison Ford|The impulse to dream was slowly beaten out of me by experience. Now it surged up again and I hungered for books, new ways of looking and seeing.
Ellen Hopkins, Triangles|Spilling a Secret What its size, will have varying consequences. It’s not possible to predict what will happen if you open the gunnysack, let the cat escape. A liberated feline might purr on your lap, or it might scratch your eyes out. You can’t tell until you loosen the knot. Do you chance losing a friendship, if that friend’s well-being will only be preserved by betraying sworn-to silence trust? Once the seam is ripped, can it be mended again? And if that proves impossible, will you be okay when it all falls to pieces?
Bat for Lashes|The video game market is huge, and the ability to tell stories, and tell different kinds of stories in the gaming space is quickly evolving and changing for the better.
Kevin Hearne, Hexed|The gods damn you, look what you've done! If I want to grow this back, I'll have to endure the most terrifying sex imaginable! Gaahhhhhhh!
Bryce Courtenay|Wind is on fire" - beautiful words. What causes the fire, what enhances it, and what finally extinguishes it by itself or by bringing in rainclouds, gets identified with it. Do breath and life have the same relationship with each other!
Oscar Wilde|What art seeks to disturb is monotony of type, slavery of custom, tyranny of habit, and the reduction of man to the level of a machine.
Jill Lepore|A great deal of what many Americans hold dear is nowhere written on those four pages of parchment, or in any of the amendments. What has made the Constitution durable is the same as what makes it demanding: the fact that so much was left out.
Sheryl Sandberg|I tend to be so lost in the work that I don't notice the weather. My partner will come home and say, 'Beautiful day, wasn't it?' and I'll say, 'Was it?' as I won't have noticed the real world at all.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|The faculty of vision can vary from person to person. On the other hand, we can rely on what our reason tells us because that is the same for everyone
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|[There is a] quiet glory [in] merely making things, and then sharing those things with an open heart and no expectations.
Malcolm X|Bennie's corner of Brooklyn looked different every time Sierra passed through it. She stopped at the corner of Washington Avenue and St. John's Place to take in the changing scenery. A half block from where she stood, she'd skinned her knee playing hopscotch while juiced up on iceys and sugar drinks. Bennie's brother, Vincent, had been killed by the cops on the adjacent corner, just a few steps from his own front door. Now her best friend's neighborhood felt like another planet. The place Sierra and Bennie used to get their hair done had turned into a fancy bakery of some kind, and yes, the coffee was good, but you couldn't get a cup for less than three dollars. Plus, every time Sierra went in, the hip, young white kid behind the counter gave her either the don't-cause-no-trouble look or the I-want-to-adopt-you look. The Takeover (as Bennie had dubbed it once) had been going on for a few years now, but tonight its pace seemed to have accelerated tenfold. Sierra couldn't find a single brown face on the block. It looked like a late-night frat party had just let out; she was getting funny stares from all sides--as if she was the out-of-place one, she thought. And then, sadly, she realized she was the out-of-place one.
Tony Dungy, Quiet Strength: The Principles, Practices & Priorities of a Winning Life|Is your cucumber bitter? Throw it away. Are there briars in your path? Turn aside. That is enough. Do not go on and say, "Why were things of this sort ever brought into this world?" neither intolerable nor everlasting - if thou bearest in mind that it has its limits, and if thou addest nothing to it in imagination. Pain is either an evil to the body (then let the body say what it thinks of it!)-or to the soul. But it is in the power of the soul to maintain its own serenity and tranquility. . . .
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I saw the patterns of history and thought that a human might be eighty per cent chemicals, eighteen per cent his past, and two per cent feeling, creatures of habit. Which makes psychiatrists really pharmacists who have to listen longer.
Parker J. Palmer|When statesmen forsake their own private conscience for the sake of their public duties, they lead their country by a short route to chaos.
Nina LaCour, We Are Okay|There are degrees of obsession, of awareness, of grief, of insanity.
Dee Henderson|A romance book is designed to tell you something about love–its ability to endure, forgive, go the extra mile, care about someone, put someone else first.
Siouxsie Sioux|If somebody honks a horn in Cleveland, they're saying 'Hi.' It's so rare to be honked at in anger. When we have merging traffic, we just interweave. There's real courtesy.
Henri Poincaré, Science and Method|If we wish to foresee the future of mathematics, our proper course is to study the history and present condition of the science.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|When our poor, faultily sensitive vision can perceive a thing, we say that it is visible. When the nerves of touch can feel it, we say that it is tangible. Yet I tell you there are beings intangible to our physical sense, yet whose presence is felt by the spirit, and invisible to our eyes merely because those organs are not attuned to the light as reflected from their bodies. But light passed through the screen, which we are about to use has a wavelength novel to the scientific world, and by it you shall see with the eyes of the flesh that which has been invisible since life began. Have no fear! ("Unseen - Unfeared")
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Someone needs to tell those tales. When the battles are fought and won and lost, when the pirates find their treasures and the dragons eat their foes for breakfast with a nice cup of Lapsang souchong, someone needs to tell their bits of overlapping narrative. There's magic in that. It's in the listener, and for each and every ear it will be different, and it will affect them in ways they can never predict. From the mundane to the profound. You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows what they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift. Your sister may be able to see the future, but you yourself can shape it, boy. Do not forget that... there are many kinds of magic, after all.
Auliq-Ice|The hopelessness of life is like a weak fire, that can only be extinguished using the fire extinguisher called hope.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|OK, publishing a book and releasing a movie is all very well, but Tottenham beating Man. U. 3-2... priceless.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Dirty Fighting : Lethal Okinawan Karate|Patience and Forgiveness are at the heart of A warrior's success, they help engender necessary intervals of space and time to evaluate difficult encounters.
Paul Ryan|I tend to like to read history - recent history, because I find that much more intriguing than just a writer's imagination.
Jentezen Franklin, Believe That You Can: Moving with Faith and Tenacity to the Dream God Has Given You|We need to send our words out in the direction we want them to go. In other words, we need to start talking victory when we’re staring at defeat. We need to start talking healing when we’re feeling sick. We need to start blessing and prosperity when we don’t have anything. We need to speak about marching when we feel like quitting.
Arthur C. Brooks|I spent three days a week for 10 years educating myself in the public library, and it's better than college. People should educate themselves - you can get a complete education for no money. At the end of 10 years, I had read every book in the library and I'd written a thousand stories.
Rob Thomas Jennifer Graham|it was more overwhelming if I’m honest, one minute I’m just talking to him and the next I’m flat on my back and he’s-”“He’s?” they both said in unison“He’s touching places, with his …”Eyeing them both I give them a look as my chest redden further, I really don’t want to have to say specifically.
Alija Izetbegović|If the international community is not ready to defend the principles which it itself has proclaimed as its foundations, let it say so openly, both to the people of Bosnia and to the people of the world. Let it proclaim a new code of behavior in which force will be the first and the last argument.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Russians aren't perfect. Their politics are messed up, and they keep going through self-defeating economic cycles. But I have a lot of respect for Russia, and a lot of love for Russians.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|No, take more! What may be sworn by, both divine and human, Seal what I end withal! This double worship, Where [one] part does disdain with cause, the other Insult without all reason; where gentry, title, wisdom, Cannot conclude but by the yea and no Of general ignorance— it must omit Real necessities, and give way the while To unstable slightness. Purpose so barr’d, it follows Nothing is done to purpose. Therefore beseech you— You that will be less fearful than discreet; That love the fundamental part of state More than you doubt the change on’t; that prefer A noble life before a long, and wish To jump a body with a dangerous physic That’s sure of death without it— at once pluck out The multitudinous tongue; let them not lick The sweet which is their poison. Your dishonor Mangles true judgment, and bereaves the state Of that integrity which should become’t; Not having the power to do the good it would, For th’ ill which doth control’t.
Carl Jung|'Hope and change' has become a cliche in our nation, and it is daunting to think that any American could hope for change from what God has blessed.
Alek Wek|For those who have made the ultimate sacrifice, we are grateful that such men and women were among us. For those who continue to serve, we honor their commitment. For those who return to civilian life, we honor their service.
Lujan Matus, Shadows in the Twilight: Conversations with a Shaman|We must remember that the only true wealth we have is the freedom of another human, not their entrapment.
Kevin Hart|The superfluous, a very necessary thing.
Sándor Márai, Embers|England will still be England, an everlasting animal stretching into the future and the past, and, like all living things, having the power to change out of recognition and yet remain the same.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|As Ian looked at her, he felt something in his chest slip and shift. The pressure came with a blood-tingling rush of triumph and satisfaction, pride and a deeply burning sense of possessiveness. His inner caveman warrior had been awakened and wanted to rush around the room, peeing into the corners, marking it—and her—as his own, while shouting Mine! and randomly smashing things for emphasis.But he knew that was he was feeling was the equivalent of emotional and hormonal indigestion. He hadn’t done this in a long time. And he particularly hadn’t done it with a woman he liked as much as this one. In fact, he’d never had sex with anyone that he genuinely liked as much as he liked Phoebe.
Brian Clevinger, 8-Bit Theater|If we were to plot the distance between where you are RIGHT NOW and the nearest good idea, it would describe a line too big to fit inside the universe.
Matt de la Pena, We Were Here|But when you read books you almost feel like you're out there in the world. Like you're going on this adventure right with the main character. At least, that's the way I do it. It's actually not that bad. Even if it is mad nerdy.
Jewel|Tiger Woods was a month away from 34 years of age when his debutantes began turning up in the news. He was a grown man with a wife and two children. Well, we supposed he had a wife, but that was before we learned she was only an ornament.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Even the girl he'd danced with had thought it was some marvelous trick. She had been enveloped in real, bright fire and she had tipped back her head and laughed, the tumble of her black hair becoming a crackling waterfall of light, the heels of her shoes striking sparks like glittering leaping dust all over the floor, her skirt trailing flame as if he were following a phoenix tail. Magnus had spun and swung with her, and she'd thought he was marvelous for a single moment of bright illusion. But, like love, fire didn't last.
Timothy J. Keller, Walking with God through Pain and Suffering|As I took up life as a minister, I tried to understand why so many people resisted and rejected God, I soon realized that perhaps that main reason was affliction and suffering. ...But at the same time, I learned that just as many people find God through affliction and suffering. They find that adversity moves them toward God rather than away. ...When pain and suffering come upon us, we finally see not only that we are not in control of our lives, but that we never were.
Elon Musk|The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Steve Maraboli|Beneath the water, I can know her. She was fierce, uncompromising. When she loved, she loved deeply, passionately. She loved the blue-eyed water god. She owned him. His heart.But then she felt betrayal, she hated, and she was feared.Hate gave her power.
Kemi Sogunle|Without living, there will be no learning. Without learning, there will be no growth. Without growth, there will be no change. The only way you learn is by trying. You may make mistakes but you have to remember that doing so will lead to change. Be willing to learn from experiences, grow and live to become better not bitter.
Hermoine Granger|They think I'm a waste of space, actually, but I'm used to—""I don't think you're a waste of space."If Harry had not seen Dudley's lips move, he might not have believed it. As it was, he stared at Dudley for several seconds before accepting that it must have been his cousin who had spoken; for one thing, Dudley had turned red. Harry was embarrassed and astonished himself.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|Books, which we mistake for consolation, only add depth to our sorrow. 
Pablo|Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up & making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on & finish the year STRONG
John Milton, The Complete Poems|The story of Eve and the serpent, and of Noah and his ark, drops to a level with the Arabian Tales, without the merit of being entertaining, and the account of men living to eight and nine hundred years becomes as fabulous as the immortality of the giants of the Mythology.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Given a choice between patterns of subsistence that are relatively unfavorable to the cultivator but which yield a greater return in manpower or grain to the state and those patterns that benefit the cultivator but deprive the state, the ruler will choose the former every time. The ruler, then, maximizes the state-accessible product, if necessary, at the expense of the overall wealth of the realm and its subjects.
Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny|Intuition goes before you, showing you the way. Emotion follows behind, to let you know when you go astray. Listen to your inner voice. It is the calling of your spiritual GPS system seeking to keep you on track towards your true destiny.
Adlai E. Stevenson|The more frightening and sort of dark and oppressive a movie is, the more free you are to explore the supernatural and explore faith. The two just somehow go hand-in-hand really nicely.
James Hudson Taylor|A man on a mission would bring his heaviest artillery, and it looked like this guy hadn’t even packed a pocket knife.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|every now and then, i worry about people in the third world countries. and then i figure if they all started having sex, their lives would be considerably brighter.
George Eldon Ladd, A Theology of the New Testament|Jesus’ message of the Kingdom of God is the announcement by word and deed that God is acting and manifesting dynamically his redemptive will in history. God is seeking out sinners; he is inviting them to enter into the messianic blessing; he is demanding of them a favorable response to his gracious offer. God has again spoken. A new prophet has appeared, indeed one who is more than a prophet, one who bring to people the very blessings he promises.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|See mirror, every time you will miss me and look deeper into your eyes till you will find me.
Stasi Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul|We desire to possess a beauty that is worth pursuing, worth fighting for, a beauty that is core to who we truly are. We want beauty that can be seen; beauty that can be felt; beauty that affects others; a beauty all our own to unveil.
David Byrne|There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|I didn't mind that it was always about you, Darrow. That was what burned Tactus, but not me. I'm not in love with you like Mustang. I don't worship you like Sevro or the Howlers. I was a true friend. I was someone who saw your light and your dark and accepted both without judgement, without agenda...
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Normally, it takes people about 60 to 90 minutes to reach REM sleep, so they wouldn’t enter this stage during a 20 minute nap. People with narcolepsy often enter REM sleep soon after falling asleep. If a person enters REM sleep in two or more of the five naps in eight minutes or less during the study, it’s highly suggestive of narcolepsy.
Michel Tournier, The Ogre|One understands then why woman has no sexual parts, properly speaking. It is because she is herself a sexual part - a sexual part of man, to cumbersome for him to carry around permanently and therefore deposited outside himself for most of the time and taken up when needed. Moreover the quality that distinguishes man from animals is this very power of equipping himself at any moment with an instrument, tool or arm that he needs, but that he can get rid of straight away, whereas the lobster has to drag his two pincers about with him everywhere. And just as mans hand is a sort of grappling hook that enables him to grasp a hammer, sword or fountain pen according to his needs, so his sex is the sort of grappling hook of the sexual parts rather than the sexual part itslef.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|Instead of feeling an urge to fix the problem or make amends, punishment prompts a child to think selfishly. What television shows will she be forced to miss? What dessert will she have to give up? She’s likely to be filled with resentment instead of remorse.
Nikola Tesla|When Time is spent, Eternity begins.
Jacqueline Cochran|Creation destroys as it goes, throws down one tree for the rise of another. But ideal mankind would abolish death, multiply itself million upon million, rear up city upon city, save every parasite alive, until the accumulation of mere existence is swollen to a horror.
Samantha Chase, Wildest Dreams|We'll have all night for slow and sweet," she said softly. "But right now, I really want that hard and fast you mentioned earlier.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|Dad wouldn't let me fool with his guitar much, because I'm left-handed, and I'd pick it up upside down. But I remember learning to sing 'Paper Doll,' the Mills Brothers song - this was during the war - and I remember my dad taking me down to one of those little record booths where you could make spoken letters to send home.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|My best day ever. Got up. Had breakfast. Came to school. Bored, as usual. Wishing I wasn't there, like usual. Kids ignoring me, suits me fine. Sitting with the other retards—we’re so special. Wasting my time. Yesterday was the same, and it's gone, anyway. Tomorrow may never come. There is only today. This is the best day and the worst day. Actually it's crap.
Jan Ingenhousz, Experiments upon vegetables|I observed that plants not only have a faculty to correct bad air in six to ten days, by growing in it...but that they perform this important office in a complete manner in a few hours; that this wonderful operation is by no means owing to the vegetation of the plant, but to the influence of light of the sun upon the plant.
Alexander McQueen|She was wearing a sleeveless top that held her breasts in the most marvelous way, the balance between what it revealed and what it left to the imagination as poetic as a Shakespearean sonnet.
Marilynne Robinson|When you encounter another person, when you have dealings with anyone at all, it is as if a question is being put to you. So you must think, What is the Lord asking of me in this moment, in this situation? ... This is an emissary sent from the Lord, and some benefit is intended for me, first of all the occasion to demonstrate my faithfulness, the chance to show that I do in some small degree participate in the grace that saved me, you are free to act otherwise than as circumstances would seem to dictate.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the end, we live to serve the Saviour, who liberates us.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Instead of waiting for the right moment, BE the right moment. You won't be ready for anything if you aren't ready to be you.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|We have all sorts of conditions of booksellers: one is fanatic on the subject of libraries. He thinks that every public library should be dynamited. Another thinks that moving pictures will destroy the book trade. What rot! Surely everything that arouses people's minds, that makes them alert and questing, increases their appetite for books. - Roger Mifflin
Edgar Allan Poe, The Murders in the Rue Morgue|Thinking outside the box' is ridiculous nonsense, since whatever you can do in a 'box' or closed environment is not 'thinking'. If I 'think' about a problem but limit my thoughts to certain dimensions - then i am not thinking at all, because thinking implies that one at least tries to take all relevant factors into consideration, and as there's usually no way to tell which factors are and which are not relevant restricted thought is not 'thinking' and so 'thinking outside the box' is simply a eufemism for 'let's start to think', but the metafor implies a hidden desire to return to conformity immediately.
Ida Løkås, Det fine som flyter forbi|I was learning that when you're with someone who is dying, you may need to celebrate the past, live the present, and mourn the future all at the same time.
C.G. Jung|The psyche’s attachment to the brain, i.e., its space-time limitation, is no longer as self-evident and incontrovertible as we have hitherto been led to believe. … It is not only permissible to doubt the absolute validity of space-time perception; it is, in view of the available facts, even imperative to do so.
Tobias Wolff|So in my uncertainty, I went to graduate school and there it all happened.
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|Lost, so small amid that dark, hands grown cold, body image fading down corridors of television sky.
W. Bruce Cameron|The challenging part of parenting for me is to make sure that an individual person is an individual and not some sort of cookie-cutter version of me. At the same time, I want to make sure that I impart my sense of the world as an adult.
Elon Musk|You know, from age 17 on, my paycheck was coming from cooking and working in kitchens.
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, Life Reimagined: The Science, Art, and Opportunity of Midlife|Your thoughts and attitudes today chart your destiny tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that.
Kirstie Alley|My aunt is the director of the acapella group Black Voices. I was so struck by them as a child. They sang with such passion and conviction. By the time I turned 15, I had plucked up the courage to ask if I could join the group. Acapella is a different discipline from singing with an accompaniment - it is much more exposed.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|They meet in the girls' bathroom. The last time they were forced to meet in a place like this, they took separate, isolated stalls. Now they share one. They hold each other in the tight space, making no excuses for it. There's no time left in their lives for games, or for awkwardness, or for pretending they don't care about each others, and so they kiss as if they've done it forever. As if it is as crucial as the need for oxygen.
Anthony Liccione|Money makes a monster of a man, that makes money his master.
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|The more severely he struggles to hold on to the primal face-to-face relation with God, the more tenuous this becomes, until in the end the relation to God Himself threatens to become a relation to Nothingness.
Lisa Murkowski|We must recognize that as the dominant power in the world we have a special responsibility. In addition to protecting our national interests, we must take the leadership in protecting the common interests of humanity.
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|Art is the whisper of history, heard above the noise of time. Art does not exist for art's sake: it exists for people's sake.
Derek Blasberg|So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.
Adam Levine|Remember, you and you alone are responsible for maintaining your energy. Give up blaming, complaining and excuse making, and keep taking action in the direction of your goals - however mundane or lofty they may be.
John Byrne, The Fantastic Four: The Trial of Galactus|Who are we to make such a decision? To allow another living being - any living being - to die, when ours is the power to prevent it? - Reed Richards (Mister Fantastic)
Daniel Handler|Boxing, for me, it's the beginning of all sports. I'm willing to bet that the first sport was a man against another man in a fight, so I think that's something innate in all of us.
Barack Obama|Tolerance says I am just going to stomach your right to be different. That if you disappear from the face of the earth, I am no better or worse off. But love - love knows that every American has worth and value, no matter what their background, race, religion, or sexual orientation.
N. Kazantzakis|The human heart is a dark, unyielding mystery. It is a perforated jug with a mouth forever open; though all rivers of the earth pour in, it will remain empty and thirsting. The greatest of hopes had not filled it. Would it be filled now by the greatest of despairs? (Report to Greco)
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Conscience tells us in our innermost being of the presence of God and of the moral difference between good and evil; but this is a fragmentary message, in no way as distinct and comprehensive as the lessons of the Bible.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|Still following the rules, huh?" He grabbed his shift off the back of the kitchen chair and pulled it on."Still breaking them?" she fired back.
Werley Nortreus|You're sad? I'll cheer you up. You're upset? I'd love to listen. All you have to do is come to me, you know I'll be there for you.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|If we were always given a choice as to every path presented us in life, a multitude of roads leading to priceless treasures would forever go untraveled.Be grateful for your adversities. From toil and triumph evolves a life worth li
Jermaine Jackson|Yes, there is a story about Agent Orange, and we knew that it harmed our troops and we knew how long it was to get the medical community to accept that, the military to accept it, the VA to accept it.
Nora Roberts, The Collector|Fictional people are people, too, otherwise why would we care what happens to them?
Stephen Richards|Knowing that the brain is predisposed to religion and spirituality, then might it be that God is a creation of the brain?
Compton Gage|Many are they that rise up against you. Many there be which say of your soul, ‘’There is no help for you.’’ But the instruments of death is prepared for your cause.
Margaret Aranda|Take the Positive, and run! Run from the negative!
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|They will never believe that an ordinary girl could do such an extraordinary thing," Genevieve worried. "What would I tell them?""Tell them there is no such thing as an ordinary girl," said Bloom (Bloom)
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Dreams appear as seeds that when planted, must become a forest reserve.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|There are fewer answers in the world than questions, and if you ask me now why that is so, I must tell you that there is no answer to that question.
Nancy Mitford, Christmas Pudding|Oh dear... it really is rather disillusioning. When one's friends marry for money they are wretched, when they marry for love it is worse. What is the proper thing to marry for, I should like to know?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The cult of self has become an addiction—feeding off the ego of self-glorification. The word cult encompasses many movements and ideas, but simply put, it describes a culture of alternative beliefs, fads, and trends, and tampers with just enough truth to knock many off balance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.
J. Limbu|Just as Adam produced Woman without a woman, the Virgin produced the Second Adam without a man.
Enid Shomer, The Twelve Rooms of the Nile|If you are not working towards something, your life will end with nothing.
John Bytheway, When Times Are Tough: 5 Scriptures That Will Help You Get Through Almost Anything|If our testimonies are strong onthis point and if we feel the absolute assurance that God loves us, we will change our questons. We won't ask, 'Why did this happen?' or 'Why doesn't God care about me?' Instead, our questions will become, 'What can I learn from this experience?' or 'How does the Lord want me to handle this?
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|Unless suffering is the direct and immediate object of life, our existence must entirely fail of its aim. It is absurd to look upon the enormous amount of pain that abounds everywhere in the world, and originates in needs and necessities inseparable from life itself, as serving no purpose at all and the result of mere chance. Each separate misfortune, as it comes, seems, no doubt, to be something exceptional; but misfortune in general is the rule.I know of no greater absurdity than that propounded by most systems of philosophy in declaring evil to be negative in its character. Evil is just what is positive; it makes its own existence felt.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|The impact of your vision, while quiet and ever present, will be astounding over time as it becomes a reality.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|Why does she even bother sleeping?” I heard Elizabeth ask quietly. “You’d think by now she’d stop trying. We don’t need it.”I paused, waiting to hear Miaka’s response. “She must have a really wonderful dream often enough to make the bad ones worth it.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|If a child cannot place implicit confidence in his parent, most assuredly no confidence can be reposed in the child.
Susan C. Young|Somewhere between handling challenges, taking care of business, and juggling responsibilities, you may have lost pieces of yourself which you long to recover. Perhaps they were buried and forgotten long ago. Rediscovering is more than just being reminded of these golden treasures. It is being able to excavate your riches by pulling them out, polishing them off, and allowing them to shine again.
Frances Chesterton, Wit and Wisdom of G.K. Chesterton|Pitfalls he must find on that journey, blind paths perhaps, but through it all the philosophy of belief in the essential goodness, the actual significance of things created, the state of being, 'in love with life.
Katlego Semusa|In America, applause is won only by physical exertion.
Steve Blank|Fencing is a game of living chess, a match where reflexes only work in combination with intent, and mind and body must work together at every moment.
Oliver Cromwell.|I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
J.R.R. Tolkien|He knew that all the hazards and perils were now drawing together to a point: the next day would be a day of doom, the day of final effort or disaster, the last gasp.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|As I quietly stare off into space, eyes glazed over and brow thoughtfully taut, know that I am going about my business.  I am a storyteller.  Daydreaming is the best part of my job.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|My husband was sleeping in the other room, in our bed.I equal parts loved him and could not stand him. I couldn't wake him to share in my distress—what would be the point? He'd already been watching me fall apart for months now, watching me behave like a madwoman (we both agreed on that word), and I only exhausted him. We both knew there was something wrong with me, and he'd been losing patience with it. We'd been fighting and crying, and we were weary in that way that only a couple whose marriage is collapsing can be weary. We had the eyes of refugees.
Samuel Butler|Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
Debasish Mridha|Love with your heart, not with your mind, mind is judgmental, but heart is not.
Gene Wolfe, The Wizard|We can think only of creatures, of things He's made. Creatures are all we know, and can be all we know until we know Him. When we think of Him like that, we find we can't believe. He can't be like a creature any more than a carpenter is like a table.
Sabine Baring-Gould|Every year, I am conscious of the anniversary of my 1974 World Trade Center walk.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|What manner of men had lived in those days...who had so eagerly surrendered their sovereignty for a lie and a delusion? Why had they been so anxious to believe that the government could solve problems for them which had been pridefully solved, many times over, by their fathers? Had their characters become so weak and debased, so craven and emasculated, that offers of government dole had become more important than their liberty and their humanity? Had they not know that power delegated to the government becomes the club of tyrants? They must have known. They had their own history to remember, and the history of five thousand years. Yet, they had willingly and knowingly, with all this knowledge, declared themselves unfit to manage their own affairs and had placed their lives, which belonged to God only, in the hands of sinister men who had long plotted to enslave them, by wars, by "directives," by "emergencies." In the name of the American people, the American people had been made captive.
Narendran S|Life is just like an arrow..To launch it, we have to stretch it back.
Seth Hawkins|What Albert Einstein termed optical delusion,The Indians termed Maya or Illusion.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Is Right Here: Teaching Stories and Anecdotes of Shunryu Suzuki, Author of "ZEN Mind, Beginner's Mind"|A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?"Suzuki Roshi replied, "No reason.
Alice Waters|In Italy, food is an expression of love. It is how you show those around you that you care for them. Having a love for food means you also have a love for those you are preparing it for and for yourself.
Steve Jobs|I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.'
bell hooks, Belonging: A Culture of Place|We often cause ourselves suffering by wanting only to live in a world of valleys, a world without struggle and difficulty, a world that is flat, plain, consistent.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|Some among the Armenians in the diaspora would never want the Turks to recognize the genocide. If they do so, they'll pull the rug out from under our feet and take the strongest bond that unites us. Just like the Turks have been in the habit of denying their wrongdoing, the Armenians have been in the habit of savoring the cocoon of victim hood. Apparently, there are some old habits that need to be changes on both sides." Baron Baghdassarian
Irving Babbitt|The only peace that can be made with a dictator is once that must be based on deterrence. For today, the dictator may be your friend, but tomorrow he will need you as an enemy.
Eraldo Banovac|Regarding quality, the following rule is very important: do each activity right at the first time with the aim of saving money and time. Regardless of the process under consideration, the activities that were carried out badly may cause repetitions with considerable additional costs.
Julie Klassen, The Maid of Fairbourne Hall|We trust nature to know what it is doing, but we are not nearly so kind, understanding and trusting of our own rhythms and cycles. It's ridiculous that we are so hard on ourselves. Can we not trust that the very same forces that created the rhythms and cycles of nature created our own? Of course we can. We often don't, but we can, if we remember.
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|Which is more musical, a truck passing by a factory or a truck passing by a music school?Are the people inside the school musical and the ones outside unmusical?What if the ones inside can't hear very well, would that change my question?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
Ted  Roberts, Brotherly Love: The Gospel of Jesus Christ|We must realize that even though the sacred text of the scriptures could never be improved or changed, flesh certainly can!
Rea Lidde, Haven|Life is ironic. Some people use their terrible childhood as an excuse of their unfortunate rest of the life… while others create a masterpiece out of their terrible childhood, they create a story loved by the entire world.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|Even though she was terrified she'd somehow get Bo killed because he'd gotten trapped here with her, she was still glad to have him here. In that moment she realized there was no one else she'd rather have by her side.	That scared her more than anything because Bo was the one male she shouldn't want.
Joseph Campbell|Where you stumble and fall, there you will find gold.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Do not seek revenge or bear a grudge against one of your people, but love your neighbor as yourself.
Justine Dell|Her heart unfolded in her chest, took in all of him, and closed tightly, unwilling to let him go
Martin Rees|For me, I've always believed that there was a God. I've always believed that God created the heavens and earth - so, for me it's not a huge leap from there to intelligent design.
Jerry Falwell, Jr.|I want to be able to look my daughter's teacher in the eye and say, 'Your pension will be there.' I need to know that her pension will match up with a promise we can keep.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|The front door swung open, and Zsadist strode into the house. Wrath glared. "Nice of you to show up, Z. Busy tonight with the females?""How about you get off my dick?
Howard Rheingold|Technology has a shadow side. It accounts for real progress in medicine, but has also hurt it in many ways, making it more impersonal, expensive and dangerous. The false belief that a safety net of sophisticated drugs and machines stretches below us, permitting risky or lazy lifestyle choices, has undermined our spirit of self-reliance.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|As far as he could see, the drawings were simply alive. They might be colored earth on rock, but they were as alive as the kangaroo that'd just hopped away.
Ru Freeman, A Disobedient Girl|I'm proud of you, Bliss," he said."Michael's sword released the souls that were trapped in your blood. You freed them. You freed me.""But now I'm never going to see you again, am I?" she asked.Dylan smiled. "It's unlikely. But I never say never.'"I wish you wouldn't go. I'll miss you so much," Bliss said."I'll miss you too."Dylan put his hand up, and so did Bliss. But this time, instead of touching air, she felt his warm hand grasping her cold one. She looked at Allegra. Somehow, she knew her mother was making this happen. Dylan leaned down, and she could feel his lips, soft and inviting, gently kissing hers. Then Dylan was gone. But Bliss did not feel anguished. She felt at peace. Dylan was not broken and incomplete anymore. He was whole.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|I've met talespinners before, Jake, and they're all cut more or less from the same cloth. They tell tales because they're afraid of life.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|So… what? You want me to sign my name in blood or something?”“Hmmm,” he said, tapping his finger against his cheek as he looked at the ceiling — the epitome of an overly dramatic thinker.I rolled my eyes.“Why don’t we just seal it with a kiss?” he suggested, as if the thought of it didn’t gnaw at my intestines.“Is there a Door Number Two?”“Well, I could stay at your side every second until Nergal is dead,” he answered. “And before you ask, there is no Door Number Three.
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|I held a brief debate with myself as to whether I should change my ordinary attire for something smarter. At last I concluded it would be a waste of labour. "Doubtless," though I, "she is some stiff old maid ; for though the daughter of Madame Reuter, she may well number upwards of forty winters; besides, if it were otherwise, if she be both young and pretty, I am not handsome, and no dressing can make me so, therefore I'll go as I am." And off I started, cursorily glancing sideways as I passed the toilet-table, surmounted by a looking-glass: a thin irregular face I saw, with sunk, dark eyes under a large, square forehead, complexion destitute of bloom or attraction; something young, but not youthful, no object to win a lady's love, no butt for the shafts of Cupid.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|You may not have the power to control whatever happens to you, but you have the power to stop it from affecting your sense of style.
Robert Collier|If you were a successful upper-middle-class Negro girl in the 1950s and '60s, you were, in practice and imagination, a white Protestant upper middle-class girl. Young, good-looking white women were the most desirable creatures in the world. It was hard not to want to imitate them; it was highly toxic, too, as we would learn.
Aleksandr Voinov, Special Forces|I wish I could take it all back, but I can’t. And I definitely can’t un-feel a feeling.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|With every fragment of rock that fall from me, I can hear the voice of Marianne Engle. I love you. Aishiteru. Ego amo te. Ti amo. Eg elska pig. Ich liebe dich. It is moving across time, coming to me in every language of the world, and it sounds like pure love.
Rebecca Scherm, Unbecoming|See?” my mother would say, smiling at me and my sister, Carol, in turn. “We live in the greatest country on earth. See how lucky we are?”And yet the ash continued swirling down, and the smells of death came through the windows, crept under the door, hung in our carpets and curtains, and screamed of her lie.Is it possible to tell the truth in a society of lies? Or must you always, of necessity, become a liar?And if you lie to a liar, is the sin somehow negated or reversed?These are the kinds of questions I ask myself now: in these dark, watery hours, when night and day are interchangeable. No. Not true.
Zig Ziglar|Only choices made in love are compassionate. There are no exceptions. Do you have the courage to act with an empowered heart without attachment to the outcome? If not, you have no ability to give or experience compassion. That is the shocking truth.
Vanessa Garden, Captivate|TMT, too much testosterone. Way more dangerous than TNT.
