William Safire, Fumblerules: A Lighthearted Guide to Grammar and Good Usage|Not long ago, I advertised for perverse rules of grammar, along the lines of "Remember to never split an infinitive" and "The passive voice should never be used." The notion of making a mistake while laying down rules ("Thimk," "We Never Make Misteaks") is highly unoriginal, and it turns out that English teachers have been circulating lists of fumblerules for years. As owner of the world's largest collection, and with thanks to scores of readers, let me pass along a bunch of these never-say-neverisms:* Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read. * Don't use no double negatives.* Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate; and never where it isn't.* Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and omit it when its not needed.* Do not put statements in the negative form.* Verbs has to agree with their subjects.* No sentence fragments.* Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.* Avoid commas, that are not necessary.* If you reread your work, you will find on rereading that a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.* A writer must not shift your point of view.* Eschew dialect, irregardless.* And don't start a sentence with a conjunction.* Don't overuse exclamation marks!!!* Place pronouns as close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more words, to their antecedents.* Writers should always hyphenate between syllables and avoid un-necessary hyph-ens.* Write all adverbial forms correct.* Don't use contractions in formal writing.* Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.* It is incumbent on us to avoid archaisms.* If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.* Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have snuck in the language.* Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixed metaphors.* Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.* Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.* Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their writing.* If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.* Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration.* Don't string too many prepositional phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of death.* Always pick on the correct idiom.* "Avoid overuse of 'quotation "marks."'"* The adverb always follows the verb.* Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives.", November 4, 1979; later also published in book form)
Andre Leon Talley|It turns out that if you optimize the performance of a car and of an airplane, they are very far away in terms of mechanical features. So you can make a flying car. But they are not very good planes, and they are not very good cars.
Husam Wafaei, Honourable Defection|Simple life EthosIf you must judge. Let your moral beacon guide you to a decision you can live with,If you feel generous, give with humility so others could live with dignity,If you became aware of injustice, your inaction or silence are part of it,Living life without courage, is like living without honour,If your arrogance started to control your behavior, then it's time for you to stratify to heaven where there are no earthly human beings Never live behind the rocks. Always move to find comfort in brighter places, andAlways deem yourself to be courageous when others call upon you.......
Abby Wambach|I coach soccer, and my wife and I are very involved in our kids' lives. Our family is busy with doctor appointments, soccer practice, school, work, travel, vacation... life.
Annie Fellows Johnston|The world looks very different to me now at twenty. I have outgrown my early opinions and ideals with my short dresses, just as Mrs. Walton said we would. Now the critics can say 'Thou waitest till thy woman's fingers wrought the best that lay within thy woman's heart.
Karin Kaufman, The Adventures of Geraldine Woolkins|I don't have any big adventures.""But of course you have big adventures," Papa said. You have adventures of all sorts, all the time.""Not like Radish in the Book of Tales," Geraldine said, scuffing a toe along the ground. "I could never be like Radish.""No, you don't have adventures exactly like Radish," Papa said. "But that's because you're not Radish and you must have your own adventures. All creatures must.""Happy ones?" Geraldine asked."In the end, yes. But they won't all seem that way at first. They'll have unexpected twists and turns. You must let them play out to the end, like a story in the Book of Tales. Follow God, speak to him and listen to him, and all tales will be beautiful in their time.
Pushpa Rana|I have this uncanny knack of falling for the most irrelevant men,my love story would be comprising of short stories.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...a writer should not so much write as embroider on paper; the work should be painstaking, laborious.
Charlie Herrick|Scared people don’t really mean what they say, they’re just looking for ways to rationalize everything so they have someone or something to blame. They need to have a reason for what’s happening because when they have that they can take comfort in knowing it’s out of their control.
Raheel Farooq|She listens to the delicate fluttering of sparrows' wings, tiny messengers. The sound reminds her of life - struggling, beating, rising, flying, and now dissolving into space.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|They told me Corrigan smashed all the bones in his chest when he hit the steering wheel. I thought, Well at least in heaven his Spanish chick'll be able to reach in and grab his heart.
R.A.Delmonico|Quantum entanglement and geometry; if we think of a particle as being at one pole of an expanding sphere that is not perfectly symmetrical, this surface would would be "rippling" like the surface of the ocean (in the audio world this is called dithering), at the other pole is the entangled particle and it is a property of the sphere that gives the illusion of connectivity. This is not a physical geometry, it is a computational geometry.﻿ Is spacetime a product of entanglement?
Suzette R. Hinton|If the sound of your voice is not so loud it cannot be ignored, you aren’t quite there yet. You’ll continue to try this for a little while and then switch to that. You’ll chase everything that boasts of success but never truly find fulfillment in it.
Alexa Riley, Snow and Mistletoe|From History to ChanceThe river of time was flowing on its way, and I was swimming over its honey coloured surface with eyes closed. Does time move? It’s debatable. But we definitely move, age to age, with time and away from it, from its unmoving faces. To see its new faces. In its widest, longest and strangest art gallery.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To increase the chances of a writer trying to kill themselves, cut off their hands.
William Penn, Some Fruits of Solitude / More Fruits of Solitude|They that love beyond the world cannot be separated by it. Death cannot kill what never dies. Nor can spirits ever be divided, that love and live in the same divine principle, the root and record of their friendship. If absence be not death, neither is theirs. Death is but crossing the world, as friends do the seas; they live in one another still. For they must needs be present, that love and live in that which is omnipresent. In this divine glass they see face to face; and their converse is free, as well as pure. This is the comfort of friends, that though they may be said to die, yet their friendship and society are, in the best sense, ever present, because immortal.
Kristen Ashley, Knight|You can stay on the porch. Like how you left me on the floor outside our room.""I didn't know what else to do. You found the check, and I panicked.""That isn't an excuse.""I know. And I'm not saying that this is going to make up for it. I'm going to try, really try, to make you trust me again. I want you to trust me. I just... I couldn't sleep last night without you. It was the strangest thing, being in the room alone without you. I couldn't hear you breathing, and your laughter was gone and you were gone, and it was like a part of my life was missing. A big part. I tripped going to the bathroom and banged my head. See?" He pointed to a lovely gash on his forehead."And then I burned my hand on the toaster oven. And then my car wouldn't start. Again. I've never had such bad luck in my life.
Sunday Adelaja|So many of us are causing pain and suffering to ourselves on daily basis, because we do not know the value of life.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|I need to ask, are you afraid of spiders?"Nicholas blinked, suddenly caught off guard, "Yes, I'm afraid of spiders.""Were you always?""What are you, a psychiatrist?"Pritam took a breath. He could feel Laine's eyes on him, appraising his line of questioning."Is it possible that the trauma of losing your best friend as a child and the trauma of losing your wife as an adult and the trauma of seeing Laine's husband take his life in front of you just recently..." Pritam shrugged and raised his palms, "You see where I'm going?"Nicholas looked at Laine. She watched back. Her gray eyes missed nothing."Sure," agreed Nicholas, standing. "And my sister's nuts, too, and we both like imagining that little white dogs are big nasty spiders because our daddy died and we never got enough cuddles.""Your father died?" asked Laine. "When?""Who cares?"Pritam sighed. "You must see this from our point of - ""I'd love to!" snapped Nicholas. "I'd love to see it from your point of view, because mine is not that much fun! It's insane! It's insane that I see dead people, Pritam! It's insane that this," he flicked out the sardonyx necklace,"stopped me from kidnapping a little girl!""That's what you believe," Pritam said carefully."That's what I fucking believe!" Nicholas stabbed his finger through the air at the dead bird talisman lying slack on the coffee table.
Alan Paton|There is a hard law. When an injury is done to us, we never recover until we forgive. 
Shannon L. Alder|A thorn in your side will drive you to find someone or thing to remove it. Therefore, don't hate your enemies. Thank them. Without them, you wouldn't have traveled as far in your life to find peace and happiness.
M.K. McDaniel, Nina Beana and the Owenroake Treasure Hunters|Chapter 8 - The Rescue Team: "Timbroke Hall was completely dark. A creaking shutter opened and closed to the rhythm of a howling, north wind. It bore a cold reminder of the harsh winter coming quickly this year. The children crept up the rock stairs to the familiar wooden doors at the front of the building. Ariana led them around the porch to a side door according to her, was never locked. The broken handle dangled loosely and offered free entrance. The team cautiously crossed the threshold of the old hall into pitch blackness. An owl hooted and the sound of large wings flapping reverberated around them. Camilla startled, cried out a fearful yelp causing everyone to jump. Hannah reflexively covered Camilla’s mouth until she was certain nothing more would slip out. “Quiet,” whispered Jess in an angry tone directed at Hannah. “It wasn’t me,” whispered Hannah pointing down at Camilla. “Sorry,” whispered Camilla apologetically.
Thomas Brooks|If it is not strong upon your heart to practice what you read, to what end do you read? To increase your own condemnation? If your light and knowledge be not turned into practice, the more knowing a man you are, the more miserable a man you will be in the day of recompense; your light and knowledge will more torment you than all the devils in hell. Your knowledge will be that rod that will eternally lash you, and that scorpion that will forever bite you, and that worm that will everlastingly gnaw you; therefore read, and labor to know that you may do--or else you are undone forever.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|My belief is that when you're telling the truth, you're close to God. If you say to God, "I am exhausted and depressed beyond words, and I don't like You at all right now, and I recoil from most people who believe in You," that might be the most honest thing you've ever said. If you told me you had said to God, "It is all hopeless, and I don't have a clue if You exist, but I could use a hand," it would almost bring tears to my eyes, tears of pride in you, for the courage it takes to get real-really real. It would make me want to sit next to you at the dinner table.So prayer is our sometimes real selves trying to communicate with the Real, with Truth, with the Light. It is us reaching out to be heard, hoping to be found by a light and warmth in the world, instead of darkness and cold. Even mushrooms respond to light - I suppose they blink their mushroomy eyes, like the rest of us.Light reveals us to ourselves, which is not always so great if you find yourself in a big disgusting mess, possibly of your own creation. But like sunflowers we turn toward light. Light warms, and in most cases it draws us to itself. And in this light, we can see beyond our modest receptors, to what is way beyond us, and deep inside.
John Glenn|The thing about hip-hop today is it's smart, it's insightful. The way they can communicate a complex message in a very short space is remarkable.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|Different denotes neither bad nor good, but it certainly means not the same.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|The light died in the low clouds. Falling snow drank in the dusk. Shrouded in silence, the branches wrapped me in their peace. When the boundaries were erased, once again the wonder: that *I* exist.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|Sean was young, vibrant, capable. Life hadn't even begun to digest his hope.
Chris  Holm, Dead Harvest|Every kingdom work, whether publicly performed or privately endeavored, partakes of the kingdom's imperishable character. Every honest intention, every stumbling word of witness, every resistance of temptation, every motion of repentance, every gesture of concern, every routine engagement, every motion of worship, every struggle towards obedience, every mumbled prayer, everything, literally, which flows out of our faith-relationship with the Ever-Living One, will find its place in the ever-living heavenly order which will dawn at his coming.
Jude Deveraux, Sweet Liar|He was the most perfectly formed man she'd ever imagined. He was movie stars, men in underwear commercials, guys at the gym, the construction worker in the red T-shirt who'd whistled at her but she'd pretended she hadn't heard; he was the men in three-piece suits whose brains were as sexy as their bodies; he was lazy, indolent seventeen-year-old boys whose muscles bulged out of their clothes, rodeo stars, and those smooth-cheeked, eyeglassed men who held their children tenderly. He was all of them.
Joel Norris, Serial Killers|He runs his eye along the row of knives in their racks, the cleavers for splitting bones. He picks one up, looks at its edge, decides it needs sharpening and says, "Do you think I look like a murderer? In your good opinion?"A silence. After a while, Thurston proffers, "At this moment, master, I would have to say...
Masashi Kishimoto, Naruto, Vol. 01: The Tests of the Ninja|As the Mississippi snaked and their old home slipped further away, perhaps Samuel had finally left the curse behind.
Deyth Banger|There is no shame in doing the right thing , even if its too late.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Optimism is denial for chumps with no life experience"."What's pessimism?" I said."Religion without God.
Patricia Hampl|Time, we like to say, cures all. But maybe the old saying doesn’t mean time heals. Time cures a secret in its brine, keeping it and finally, paradoxically, destroying it. Nothing is left in that salt solution but the pain or rage, the biting shame that lodged it there. Even they are diluted or denied.
Pooja Ruprell|You are beautiful, brilliant, perceptive and pure beyond compare. Your folly lies in being unaware of your inner power and living a mediocre existence.
Laini Taylor, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|People will sometimes find themselves attracted to others, that's just who they are. It's what they do with that attraction that defines them.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|He knew, while he spoke, that it was useless, because his words sounded as if they were hitting a vacuum. There was no such person as Mrs. Wayne Wilmot; there was only a shell containing the opinions of her friends, the picture postcards she had seen, the novels of country squires she had read; it was this that he had to address, this immateriality which could not hear him or answer, deaf and impersonal like a wad of cotton.
Peggy Noonan|Democracy means government by discussion, but it is only effective if you can stop people talking.
Johnny Cash|I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|More likely thoughts... and events than something else... after all yesterday it was a dream... already happen... tomorrow is the fucking dream as for "Now"... it is always now... If I am doing something else and I can control the direction... once finished as action... it cannot be changed.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|Perhaps trust had to be accompanied by a measure of common sense, and a hefty dose of realism about human nature. But that would need a lot of thinking about, and the tea break did not go on forever.
Sharon Ledwith, Legend of the Timekeepers|Out here we speak Malspeak, a mangle of English and old languages like Spanish, Mandarin, and Russian. Dialects from a time when the land was defined by many borders. Now there’s only one that matters. And I am on the wrong side of it.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|Most jokes come from good intentions—and most mistakes, too.
Bernie Siegel|Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.
Jack Vance|On a medical school professor noted for slowly, carefully interviewing the patient: "He taught the love of truth.
Nicholaus Patnaude, First Aide Medicine|And maybe one winter it will get too cold and I’ll forget about the summers we once shared. My family portrait mightfold in too, producing the same horrific effect as Jeremy’s: that I, all along, had another sibling who eclipsed and became me—a prosperous sibling, an imposturous sibling, who outgrew a sense of time and place in which the three of us were everything to one another. Then only my blood in the sea could unfold and lead me back out of the origami.
Edward Abbey|As a confirmed melancholic, I can testify that the best and maybe only antidote for melancholia is action. However, like most melancholics, I suffer also from sloth.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|She turns to us, acts surprised to see us, then does the bit with the back of the hand to the forehead. "You're lost!" "You're angry!" "You're in the wrong school!" "You're in the wrong country!" "You're on the wrong planet!
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|She was a pious Buddhist and every day in her prayers asked Buddha not ro reincarnate her as a woman. "Let me become a cat or dog, but not a woman," was her constant murmur as she shuffled around the house, oozing apology with every step.
Alex Stein, Weird Emptiness: Essays and Aphorisms|If the gods exist, then it does not matter whether or not this is something that one knows.
Mohith Agadi|If someone is Jealous of you, That's a good sign! Keep up the good work.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|For it is our most secret desire that governs and dominates all. If your eyes look for nothing but evil, you will always see evil triumphant; but if you have learned to let your glance rest on sincerity, simpleness, truth, you will ever discover, deep down in all things, the silent overpowering victory of that which you love.
Gina Barreca, "If You Lean In, Will Men Just Look Down Your Blouse?": Questions and Thoughts for Loud, Smart Women in Turbulent Times|Attributing to another author, "Writing a novel is like setting a goal and walking there in your sleep.
Julian Fellowes, Past Imperfect|Especially as I was an old friend, or at least I was a person she had known for a long time, which after a certain point is almost the same thing...
Jessica  Taylor, A Map for Wrecked Girls|Middle age is when your age starts to show through your middle… and trust me, MIss, your age doesn’t show in the slightest.#dean
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|And whatever my life had been up to that day, it was another life after that. And that is the gospel truth.
Debasish Mridha|This world is your mirror. Wherever you go, you see a reflection of your thoughts.
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|If you want to learn what someone fears losing, watch what they photograph.
Dada Bhagwan|These are all ‘ghosts’. If you are afraid, the ghosts will possess you. If there is inner fear of ‘what if they hang me?’; then one should say, ‘yes, that is correct’. The Soul can never be hung; nothing [worldly] can touch the Soul. All the doings are that of the pudgal (matter; non-Self). The noose for hanging is pudgal and the one doing hanging (the hangman), is also pudgal. The Soul has never been hung. This [fact] does not fit one’s vision and that is why he has fear. But once his vision becomes like the Gnani’s [the enlightened one], then it’s over! For that, one has to stay in touch with the Gnani [the enlightened one].
Fred E. Weatherly|Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are callingFrom glen to glen, and down the mountain sideThe summer's gone, and all the flowers are dying'Tis you, 'tis you must go and I must bide.But come ye back when summer's in the meadowOr when the valley's hushed and white with snow'Tis I'll be here in sunshine or in shadowOh Danny boy, oh Danny boy, I love you so.And if you come, when all the flowers are dyingAnd I am dead, as dead I well may beYou'll come and find the place where I am lyingAnd kneel and say an "Ave" there for me.And I shall hear, tho' soft you tread above meAnd all my dreams will warm and sweeter beIf you'll not fail to tell me that you love meI'll simply sleep in peace until you come to me.I'll simply sleep in peace until you come to me.
Glenn A. Maltais|The answer to why we exist does not exist, at least not where most of us look for it. We must look inward not out. We should not ask this question of life, but rather of ourselves - and then answer it.
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|You can't just plan a moment when things get back on track, just as you can't plan the moment you lose your way in the first place.
Glenn I. Latham|It's a fathers job to spoil his daughters shamelessly, it's their husbands job to tame them. Prince Zehava-The Dragon Prince
Bharat|love is not the expression of words and really you no need to show that when you act for them your sudden unconditional decision, work, non-sense, care shows everything.... that make them special one of your world......... Bharat Bhushan
Ed Westwick|I'm not like most designers, who have to set sail on an exotic getaway to get inspired. Most of the time, it's on my walk to work, or sitting in the subway and seeing something random or out of context.
Ioana-Cristina Casapu|I beg to differ on Charles Bukowski, who says nothing can save you, except writing. Sometimes, absolutely nothing will save you, not the nights you end up wasting waiting for something grand to happen, not the mornings where coffee has no taste and you wake up knowing the day will not be a blast, not the plans and schemes you write down on your imaginary flipchart to make the world go round. You end up stuck, alone and in the disparate points of chaos that drag you down, you have to come up with something to save yourself. Then you make six impossible wishes before breakfast, start walking and working and learn to seize what you call paranormal activity when it comes true.
Katherine Givens, In Her Dreams|Without entering here into a dissertation upon the historical romance, it may be said that in proper hands it has been and should continue to be one of the most valued and valuable expressions of the literary art. To render and maintain it so, however, it is necessary that certain well-defined limits should be set upon the licence which its writers are to enjoy; it is necessary that the work should be honest work; that preparation for it should be made by a sound, painstaking study of the period to be represented, to the end that a true impression may first be formed and then conveyed. Thus, considering how much more far-reaching is the novel than any other form of literature, the good results that must wait upon such endeavours are beyond question. The neglect of them—the distortion of character to suit the romancer's ends, the like distortion of historical facts, the gross anachronisms arising out of a lack of study, have done much to bring the historical romance into disrepute.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Maybe so, but I'm not just looking up at the sky and waiting for the fruit to drop. In my own way, I'm working hard. I'm working ten times harder than you are.
Sara Raasch, Ice Like Fire|If I had to describe the scent of Michigan in spring and summer, it wouldn't be aparticular smell – blooming wildflowers or boat exhaust off the lake – it would be a color: Green.
baeconandeggs, Animae Sine Amore Immortales|If I get naked, I'm going to be on you then in you. Let me give you some foreplay, woman," he softly growled.
Kedar Nath Tiwari, Comparative Religion|Religions are all living faiths and their essence does not consist in their externals such as rituals, methods of prayer, ceremonies, etc. It rather consist in the inner beliefs and convictions which they carry along with them and which give their followers a distinctive character and way of life.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|I’m sure when you run it through the interweb just now, or if you are from a military ship, through your own database – you will see that you have stumbled across a relic of one of those great mysteries of deep space, and probably one of those missing ships people like to write spooky stories about. Well, whatever they wrote, buddy, they got it wrong. You can take it from me.
Lisa C. Temple|Her tiny and organized handwriting reminded me of the tidiness of her desk, as if she'd wanted to find in words the peace and safety that life hadn't wanted to grant her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Suffering in life can uncover untold depths of character and unknown strength for service. People who go through life unscathed by sorrow and untouched by pain tend to be shallow in their perspectives on life. Suffering, on the other hand, tends to plow up the surface of our lives to uncover the depths that provide greater strength of purpose and accomplishment. Only deeply plowed earth can yield bountiful harvests.
Mira Grant, Feed|She told the truth as she saw it, and she died for it. I came along for the ride, and I lived. It wasn't worth it. But it was the truth, and it was what had to happen.
Betty Smith|The sad thing was in the knowing that all their nerve would get them nowhere in the world and that they were lost as all the people in Brooklyn seem lost when the day is nearly over and even though the sun is still bright, it is thin and doesn’t give you warmth when it shines on you.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|In the new style, homosexuals and heterosexuals could be equally unhappy, equally happy, and equally screwed up.
Rebecca VanDeMark, Path of Hope: Daily Reflections on Hope from the Psalms for the Lyme Disease Journey|...the single ingredient in American literature that distinguishes it from other literatures of the world is a kind of giddy, illogical hopefulness. It is quite technically sophisticated while remaining ideologically naïve.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Do not force your mind to get rid of random thoughts, because your brain is simply not capable of doing so. Instead, when you sit to practise meditation, let the thoughts come and go, just don’t serve them tea. Over time, that background noise inside your head would disappear.
Radhika Mukherjee, Broken Shadows|All my life’s work will drain away without ever being realized. For a sculptor, working with their hands is crucial and hands must be supported by a strong and supple back. And I work with sturdy materials that need dexterity and strength to handle — metal and stone and sometimes even bricks! How do I do any of it now?
Joy Harjo, Conflict Resolution for Holy Beings: Poems|Bless the poets, the workers for justice, the dancers of ceremony, the singers of heartache, the visionaries, all makers and carriers of fresh meaning—We will all make it through, despite politics and wars, despite failures and misunderstandings. There is only love.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Symbolism exists to adorn and enrich, not to create an artificial sense of profundity.
Mike Klepper|In republican governments, men are all equal; equal they are also in despotic governments: in the former, because they are everything; in the latter, because they are nothing.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|An action done from duty has its moral worth, not in the purpose to be attained by it, but in the maxim according with which it is decided upon; it depends therefore, not on the realization of the object of action, but solely on the principle of volition in accordance with which, irrespective of all objects of the faculty of desire, the action has been performed.
Mila Kundera|What remains? Our children? Homer touched the flame of the candle with his fingers. The answer wasn’t easy to find for him,Achmed’s words still hurt him. He himself had been damned to be without children, unable for this kindof immortality, so he couldn’t do anything but choose another path to immortatlity. Again he reached for his pen. They can look like us. In their reflection we mirror ourselves in a mysterious way. United withthose we had loved. In their gestures, in their mimics we happily find ourselves or with sorrow. Friends confirm that our sons and daughters are just like us. Maybe that gives us a certainextension of ourselves when we are no more. We ourselves weren’t the first. We have been made from countless copies that have beenbefore us, just another chimera, always half from our fathers and mothers who are again the half oftheir parents. So is there nothing unique in us but are we just an endless mixture of small mosaic parts that never endingly exist in us? Have we been formed out of millions of small parts to a completepicture that has no own worth and has to fall into its parts again? Does it even matter to be happy if we found ourselves in our children, a certain line that hasbeen traveling through our bodies for millions of years? What remains of me?
Alex Scarrow, TimeRiders|Running along the bank was a white rabbit wearing a waistcoat and looking worriedly at a clock. Appearing and disappearing at various points on both banks was a dark blue British police telephone booth, out of which a perplexed-looking man holding a screwdriver would periodically emerge. A group of dwarf bandits could be seen disappearing into a hole in the sky. "Time travelers," said Nobodaddy in a voice of gentle disgust. "They're everywhere these days.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Maybe in Another Life|If you love someone, if you think you could make them happy for the rest of your life together, then nothing should stop you. You should be prepared to take them as they are and deal with the consequences. Relationships aren't neat and clean - they're ugly and messy, and they make almost no sense except to the two people in them. If you truly love someone, you accept the circumstances, you don't hide behind them
Muammar Gaddafi|As if the sky itself were listening, the dome overhead darkened, and three enormous screens lit up against the black backdrop."People of Luna," said a feminine voice, "please give your full attention now to this mandatory broadcast, live from Artemisia Palace. The royal coronation ceremony is about to begin." A wicked grin pulled at Winter's lips. She stepped away from Jacin, faced the people, and raised her arms to her sides. "People of Luna," she said, echoing the broadcast and pulling the crowd's attention away from the dome, "please give your full attention now to the true heir to the Lunar throne, Princess Selene, live from your very own sector." Her eyes flashed as she swooped and arm toward Cinder. "Our revolution is about to begin.
Kate Sherwood, Of Dark and Bright|Evan nuzzled his chin into the crook of Dan's neck, finding the spot that always made Dan squirm and laugh. "I love you, Danny.""You gets so fucking sappy after I let you top," Dan responded, but he didn't move away. "We should stick a spigot in you, drain it out, and boil up some maple syrup." "You stick your spigot in me, I wouldn't be the one topping anymore.""Nice. You freak." "You're the one who wanted to make maple syrup out of my sappiness," Evan protested...
Sai Baba, Tablets Of Truth|A book is a journey. Journeys need their voyagers, and voyagers require a diversity of scenes; experiences.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|Somewhere along the line, organized religion stopped being about faith, and started being about who had the power to keep the faith. You said that the purpose of religion was to bring people together. But does it, really? Or does it-knowingly, purposefully, and intentionally--break them apart?
Eloise Dyson, Divided|St. John's eyes, though clear enough in a literal sense, in a figurative one were difficult to fathom. He seemed to use them rather as instruments to search other people's thoughts, than as agents to reveal his own: the which combination of keenness and reserve was considerably more calculated to embarrass than to encourage.
Plato, Phaedo|....I am inclined to think that these muscles and bones of mine would have gone off long ago to Megara or Boeotia—by the dog they would, if they had been moved only by their own idea of what was best.(tr Jowett)
Bohumil Hrabal, Too Loud a Solitude|It turned out plant collecting was a solitary occupation. In the past Robert had enjoyed being alone, or so he thought. Actually he had rarely been alone for long: working in hotels, in stables, on ranches and farms, and as a miner, he had always been around others. Now, out in the woods or up in the hills or out on the flat central plain, he could go for days without speaking to anyone. His throat seemed to close up and he had to keep clearing it, singing songs aloud or reciting the Latin names of plants, just to check that he still had a voice. 'Araucaria imbricata. Sequoia sempervirens. Pinus lambertiana. Abies magnifica'. He was surprised at how much he missed people..
Virginia Woolf|The main difference to me with Lyft is the sense of community and social experience. The pink mustache, fist bump and strict screening have fostered a strong sense of community with many stories of new friends, discovered jobs, and even some Lyft hugs after a tough break up.
Wallace Stevens|The idea was always going to be that each year is a stand-alone story, which did make it easier on some level. It also requires the network to have the creative imagination to say, 'This is also 'Fargo,' you know what I mean?
Jalaluddin Rumi|When someone beats a rug,the blows are not against the rug, but against the dust in it.
Milan Ljubincic|A wise man will make haste to forgive, because he knows the true value of time, and will not suffer it to pass away in unnecessary pain.
Father Jacques Philippe|I mean, what does a devil want but to find meaning in life after a long journey of turmoil and troubles?
Robin Stevenson, The World Without Us|Would've been useful when I was about eight," I said. "I used to have wicked nightmares." I did, too: stupid dreams about being chased by Elmo. A psycho Elmo with eyes like that Chucky doll. I'd wake up screaming and Vicky would come running in and ask what the nightmare was about. I never told her. I was too embarrassed.
Michael Shermer, Brain, Belief, and Politics|Let us applaud the howls of the ignorant extremists as we stand on a knife-edge, not glad, but in acknowledgement of the bad, sad, mad gifts that the regime continue to offer us.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|As a writer of philosophy, it's good to ask oneself, 'Will I still believe this a week from now, or months, or even years?
Shay Mitchell|I'm representing the single women out there, dating around, trying to find the right guy who respects you and appreciates you. Maybe I'll settle down somewhere. Gotta keep looking.
Sierra Cartwright, With This Collar|S/M flies in the face of every attempt the state makes to appropriate our bodies, our labor, our time, and our imaginations.…the state is deeply offended by any group of people who say, 'My body doesn't belong to you, it belongs to me, so fuck off'…
Jack Kerouac, Book of Sketches|Work from your own side of literature/ & room fetish, not "publishing's" - 
Nelle Morton, The Journey is Home|It's the journey, not the destination, that changes us!" HS/el
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|How much time is wasted in what is called thought, but is merely care--an anxious idling over the fancied probabilities of result
Breehn Burns, Best of Catbug: My Name is Catbug, What's Yours?|And, corny as it may sound, I do cherish the bond between me and the audience, the minority that follows my stuff and always makes me glad it's us against the world.
Lawrence Millman, Last Places: A Journey in the North|Once when I looked up, I happened to see a sea eagle poised on magisterial wings above the knurled summit of the mountain behind my tent. It was a scene of peerless tranquility, tossed out in Nature's devil-may-care way, which says: Just open your eyes, my friend, and I'll astonish you every minute of your life.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|Religious / Spiritual leaders and motivational speakers tell us to give more of ourselves to get back much more in return but the fact that we start expecting something back in return is in itself a rotten deal for us to push ourselves into."Who am I?" is a good question to ask myself when there is nothing else to do with my time.
Nicky Hilton|I have a crusade against fondant, also shortening. There's no reason why wedding cakes can't taste good if you know what you're doing.
J.D. Greear, Gospel: Recovering the Power that Made Christianity Revolutionary|The gospel has done its work in us when we crave God more than we crave everything else in life and when seeing His kingdom advance in the lives of others gives us more joy than anything we could own. When we see Jesus as greater than anything the world can offer, we’ll gladly let everything else go to possess Him.
Velin|Words are the key, the books are the door.
Mari Mancusi, Once Upon A Vampire|It’s just a party, right? What could possibly go wrong?
Willowy Whisper|I close my eyes, gripping the empty clothes closer to me, shaking my head against the truth.  I try to block out the words...  Try to stop them... But they come, nonetheless, until finally I just stand here—not running, not even trying to escape. “You my dear, will suffer seven years of tribulation. You will be left behind...
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|When you stopped to think about it, he reflected, there weren't many things in life one truly needed. To want too much was worse than greed: it was stupidity - a waste of precious time and effort.
Dasha Zhukova|I can't design anything unless I'm excited by it, meaning I have an urge to wear it.
Brian Setzer|When I was little, I didn't really travel - from the suburbs to Paris was already a journey. I had a foreigner's eye on the city, and I still enjoy that point of view. Then there's the fact that one of the things that touches me most is injustice.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When we see a good-looking woman with a not-so-good-looking man, we assume that the man must have a good bank balance. When we see a good-looking man with a not-so-good-looking woman, we assume that she must be good in bed.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|The sun still, surprisingly, came up and shone down onto the cold, metal leftovers. No loud noises. No screams. No breaking glass. Just silence and sunshine. You would be forgiven for thinking that this all happened on another planet. It didn’t.
Akshay Vasu|In the middle of the night, I saw chaos bleeding out of darkness and peace. Everything that was said and seen before seemed like a paradox. I saw the graves of lies breaking open and the truth crawling out silently into the cold hearts.
Josef Pieper, Leisure: The Basis Of Culture|Leisure is only possible when we are at one with ourselves. We tend to overwork as a means of self-escape, as a way of trying to justify our existence.
Donald Trump|The love of husband and wife, which is creative of new human life, is a marvellously personal sharing in the creative love of God who brings into being the eternal soul that comes to every human being with the gift of human life.
Geraldine Brooks|I have a vivid, apocalyptic imagination.
Dana Marton, Deathblow|Wendy Belle wasn't the type of model foreign princes married. Yes, tall and graceful, but she didn't radiate a Grace Kelly-like cold beauty. Her lips were too sensuous for that, her eyes too mysterious. Her face was beautiful and perfect in its own way. More than beautiful - interesting. She was the type of woman a man could look at for a lifetime and not get bored.
Kelly Clarkson|Look I eat really well and I work out, but I also indulge when I want to. I don't starve myself in an extremist way. You're not taking away my coffee or my dairy or my glass of wine because I'd be devastated.
Andy Warhol|You know it's ART, when the check clears.
Kathleen M.  Rodgers|To all you writers, artists, musicians, creative types who want to give up: It's okay to walk away for a bit. Get your second wind. But your writing, art, music will be there, lurking over your shoulder, and it will call to you, and you will answer. And come back even stronger.
Tom Berenger|Cathy was the first widely syndicated humor strip created by a woman. The strip was pretty revolutionary at the time not only because it starred a female, but also because it was so emotionally honest about all the conflicting feelings many women had in 1976.
Halsey|We gladiate, but I guess we're really fighting ourselves.
Mark Ryan|People say you can't have peace without a war, but on the contrary they say they don't support war. You can not, ever achieve happiness from focusing on suffering, you have to change your perspective. World peace starts with Inner peace.
David Hartsough, Waging Peace: Global Adventures of a Lifelong Activist|When you forgive, you love. And when you love, God's light shines on you..
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|It is commonplace observation that women are forever trying to straighten their hair if it is curly and curl it if it is straight, bind their breasts if they are large and pad them if they are small, darken their hair if it is light and lighten it if it is dark. Not all these measures are dictated by the fantom of fashion. They all reflect dissatisfaction with the body as it is, and an insistent desire that it be otherwise, not natural but controlled, fabricated. Many of the devices adopted by women are not cosmetic or ornamental, but disguise of the actual, arising from fear and distaste.
Ashley Jeffery, Soul Eater|How do you weigh a soul?Is it heavy with love or hate?Does it deny the things it's done?Does it even remember its own name?Does it miss those it has loved?Does it long for the life it's lost?How do you weigh a soul?After it has paid the highest cost,Does it lose the will to live?Without a physical shellDoes it sense without handsThat can touch and truly feelDoes it need sustenance to last?A cold drink or warm mealHow do you weigh a soul?Are souls even real?
John McWhorter|No one likes sarcasm, Miss Cain. I’ve merely delayed my exit to promise you something. You took my straight razor, li’l darlin’. That I view as an unforgivable offense. So when the time comes, when you have served your purpose, I swear to you I’m gonna kill you for free.” And with that, Billy-Ray Sanguine disappeared into the ground. Then he popped his head back up. “Or at least half price.” And he was gone again.
Frederica Mathewes-Green|As I ponder my pilgrim’s progress to Orthodoxy, however, I realize that I didn’t make the trip alone, but in a two-seater. And I wasn’t the one driving.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|When I looked upon the surface of the gently flowing water, each painting that I had burned upon joining the church rose from the waves. I tried to grab them, but they dissolved upon touch.
Marie Dressler|I'm a really nice guy when you meet me, and that surprises a lot of people. I'm not that eccentric in real life - and certainly not that disrespectful. In my own time, I like to just chill out with friends and not get in people's faces.
Alexander McCall Smith, Tears of the Giraffe|Then there was Mr Mandela. Everybody knew about Mr Mandela and how he had forgiven those who had imprisoned him. They had taken away years and years of his life simply because he wanted justice. They had set him to work in a quarry and his eyes had been permanently damaged by the rock dust. But at last, when he had walked out of the prison on that breathless, luminous day, he had said nothing about revenge or even retribution. He had said that there were more important things to do than to complain about the past, and in time he had shown that he meant this by hundreds of acts of kindness towards those who had treated him so badly. That was the real African way, the tradition that was closest to the heart of Africa. We are all children of Africa, and none of us is better or more important than the other. This is what Africa could say to the world: it could remind it what it is to be human.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|And she said that sometimes you wish for something very hard, it can kind of come true inside your own head, and it can seem real.
Willie Stargell|Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.
Gwyneth Paltrow|Beauty, by way of fashion, has to do with confidence, with flattering silhouettes, with patterns, with proper fit for body type, and with an abundance of self-love!
Erik Bundy, Magic and Murder Among the Dwarves|Life is a funny thing. We claim it to be our own; but the truth is, it's not. It belongs to something much bigger. We, like everything else, are transient. This life is temporary and everything about us is temporary. What we call our life is nothing more than borrowed energy from something much bigger--nature, the universe, God--whatever floats your boat. And one day, when we pass, we will give that energy back to the world we borrowed it from in the first place.
Sebastien de Castell, Spellslinger|Your ancient enemy is basically just a really, really big squirrel
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A high-performing digital mind can think logically, but outside of the box as well.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The White Guard|There was no sun; there was no light. I was dying. I couldn't remember what the sky looked like. But I didn't die. I was lost to a sea of cold, and then I was reborn into a world of warmth.
Debasish Mridha|Even though we know we have to let you go, our hearts are singing the song no- no- no. We can’t let you go.
Betty  Smith|Many a time, you may not even have to speak, however difficult the situation; your goatee speaks for you.
Irwin Shaw, The Girls in Their Summer Dresses|When I think of New York City, I think of all the girls, the Jewish girls, the Italian girls, the Irish, Polack, Chinese, German, Negro, Spanish, Russian girls, all on parade in the city. I don't know whether it's something special with me or whether every man in the city walks around with the same feeling inside him, but I feel as though I'm at a picnic in this city. I like to sit near the women in the theaters, the famous beauties who've taken six hours to get ready and look it. And the young girls at the football games, with the red cheeks, and when the warm weather comes, the girls in their summer dresses . . .
Micheal Rivers, The Black Witch|I am inundated with feeling. I feel like a pinball machine on tilt. All the buzzers are ringing, lights are flashing, and I am about to fry my circuits. Nothing is coming in,and nothing is going out. I feel electrified. The wires ignited, sparked, and fizzled. I want it all to slow down. I go right to the water to douse my flame. I immerse myself in the hot water. I want to wash the smells off my body. I can smell Isabella's hair, her breath, and her child vaginal scent. My hair smells of smoke,and I want to wash Francis off me.
Katie MacAlister, Dragon Fall|My entire body shaking, I carefully unstrapped the seat belt and turned around as far as I could to look at the backseat.	Or rather, the dog that sat on it. He was panting, his eyes round, but there was nothing at all odd about him.	Other than the fact that I'd just heard him speak.	"You can't talk," I told him.	"I think I can," he answered.
Paulo Freire|Washing one's hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless means to side with the powerful, not to be neutral. 
Israelmore Ayivor|In between saying something and achieving it, there is some pothole to fill; that’s “doing it”. Goals are pursued with the word “GO” and visions with the word “VENTURE”. You can’t be living always in the promise of the cloud; it must rain now!
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|I’m not mad because I’m a woman,” I say. “I’m mad because you’re an asshole.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|If we consistently act on the optimistic hypothesis, this hypothesis will tend to be realised; whilst by acting on the pessimistic hypothesis we can keep ourselves for ever in the pit of want.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A wounded heart that loves even more is immortal, it only survives and blooms time after time. If you happen to live in it, there's no safer place in the world than its beating.
Greg Bear, Blood Music|He held her hand and shook his head. "They're inside, part of us by now. They are us. Where can we escape?
Shannon L. Alder|When I die I hope it may be said:'Her suffering was black, but her books were read'.
Debasish Mridha|You do not marry a woman, but you marry your imagination of her.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|People who have character follow through. They don't lie to themselves or anyone else. They don't start something, ten give up because it's "hard." People of character set a goal and stick to it.
Yilda B. Rivera, Courage Under Fire|Father, Son, and Holy Spirit remind us that there is always more of God than we know, always more of God than we can explain, always more of God than we can show. The Trinity says God is not in a box but is bigger, much bigger than we imagine. God is more powerful than we sometimes want to believe or remember, but in remembering there is great comfort.
顾漫, 微微一笑很倾城 [Just One Smile Is Very Alluring]|Real life wasn’t a game. In a game, what is required is rashness, to strike back without any hesitation. In real life, there are many things to consider. There is a need to pick the most rational course of action. Not retaliating was a bit depressing, but it was better than putting on a show for others.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|We are forever changed, forever united.From almost-us to always us.We kiss with our eyes closed but our senses open, infusing the spaces between with the elements of the other.
Zadie Smith|The smallest indivisible human unit is two people, not one; one is a fiction. From such nets of souls societies, the social world, human life springs.
Dannika Dark, Twist|If a man we don't know phones us up one day and talks a little, makes no suggestions, says nothing special, but nevertheless pays us the kind of attention we rarely receive, we're quite capable of going to bed with him that night, feeling relatively in love. That's what we women are like, and there's nothing wrong with that - it's the nature of the female to open herself to love easily.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|That “the Spirit Himself intercedes” indicates that it is actually God pleading, praying, and mourning through us.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christians, day by day, week by week, and month by month, are told to walk in the Spirit. Walking in the Spirit means being led and directed by the Holy Spirit. This comes as we progressively yield various areas of our lives to the Spirit’s control. Now desire in itself is not wrong, it’s what we desire or lust for that is wrong—and when we yield.
Richard P. Denney|I believe that everyone should have a dream and believe in it. Make it real, bring it to life. You'll never regret trying. Trying is what strengthens your heart and delivers courage. Once you believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.
Sara Mlynowski|Just because a relationship ends, does not mean it's not worth having.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|I had escaped the snare of certitude that I welcomed so avidly at first and entered, via the name of Jesus, the wide and comprehensive company of Jesus.
Georgette Heyer, Black Sheep|Has no one ever told you that it is the height of impropriety to kiss any gentleman, unless you have the intention of accompanying him immediately to the altar?
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|Faith doesn't get you around problems in life and relationships, it gets you through it.
Paul Bamikole|Failing is never too early, success is never too late.
Ian McEwan|I am sure when Cinderella went to that ball, she took a great deal more pleasure in outsmarting her stepmother than in the carriage and the ball dress and the glass slippers.
Danielle Steel, Five Days in Paris|Never lose hope, and if you can, find the courage to love again.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|When the soul is consciously awakened can it comprehend the acquiescence of Muhammad, the unshakable foundation of Abraham and the very nature of Christ, equating the Aleph in the sealed Universe — As The Soul Speaks
Debasish Mridha|I am a gardener of thoughts, and my garden only grows flowers of love.
Patrick Rothfuss|I'm sorry to burden you,' she said. She felt like a crybaby.'What can we do with our stories,' he said, 'but tell them?
Becca Fitzpatrick, Black Ice|When was the last time you were kissed?" he went on easily. "And I'm not talking about the dry, noncommittal, meaningless kiss you forget about as soon as it's over." I scrambled out of my stupor long enough to quip, "Like last night's kiss?" He cocked an eyebrow. "That so? I wonder, then, why you moaned my name after you drifted to sleep." "I did not!""If only I'd had a video recorder. When was the last time you were really kissed?" he repeated."You seriously think I'm going to tell you?" "Your ex?" he guessed. "And if he was?""Was it your ex who taught you to be ashamed and uncomfortable with intimacy? He took from you what he wanted, but never seemed to be around when you wanted something back, isn't that right? What do you want, Britt?" he asked me point-blank. "Do you really want to pretend like last night never happened?" "Whatever happened between me and Calvin isn't your business,” I fired back."For your information, he was a really great boyfriend. I-I wish I was with him right now!" I exclaimed untruthfully. My careless comment made him flinch, but he recovered quickly."Does he love you?" "What?" I said, flustered.  "If you know him so well, it shouldn't be a hard question. Is he in love with you? Was he ever in love with you?"I tossed my head back haughtily. "I know what you're doing. You're trying to cut him down because you're-you're jealous of him!" "You're damn right I'm jealous,” he growled. "When I kiss a girl, I like to know she's thinking about me, not the fool who gave her up.
Heather Topham Wood, Falling for Autumn|There can be no greater stretch of arbitrary power than to seize children from their parents, teach them whatever the authorities decree they shall be taught, and expropriate from the parents the funds to pay for the procedure.
David Walliams|I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?
Doris Ulmann|A face that has the marks of having lived intensely, that expresses some phase of life, some dominant quality or intellectual power, constitutes for me an interesting face. For this reason the face of an older person, perhaps not beautiful in the strictest sense, is usually more appealing than the face of a younger person who has scarcely been touched by life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Reach for the stars, not your fears.
Caroline Knapp, Pack of Two: The Intricate Bond Between People and Dogs|We must define a story which encourages us to make use of the place where we live without killing it, and we must understand that the living world cannot be replicated.
Abhijit Naskar|A smart person speaks out the truth. A wise person doesn't care about speaking it out, as much as he or she cares about utilizing that truth in the society, in a way that brings most progress, in a way that brings most human development. And that's the purpose atheism should have.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction: jealous and proud of it; a petty, unjust, unforgiving control-freak; a vindictive, bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser; a misogynistic, homophobic, racist, infanticidal, genocidal, filicidal, pestilential, megalomaniacal, sadomasochistic, capriciously malevolent bully.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|We don't know predestined ways,or what future might behold,someone leaves,someone remains,and new things replace the old.We don't know a thing for sure,what's today,is there tomorrow?Yet,somehow we still endure,through those moments filled with sorrow.Can we really be mistaken,trying just the best we can?something's given and some taken,never knowing how nor when.We don't know that much,it's true,life's a mystery divine,a day came,when i lost you,treasured guiding star of mine.
Julian Darius, Nira/Sussa|My main task as an artist is to show you either what you have never seen before -- or to show you what you have seen countless times, in a way you've never seen it.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|A friend who will never fail is the one who will stand by you regardless of the situation, time or location.
Sukant Ratnakar, Rum Beer Cocktail|If you face the light, shadow will always be behind you.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|Do you have a problem? Think carefully! Is it really a problem or is it just your mind’s invention, your mind’s exaggeration? Is your problem really a problem? Think carefully, because mostly it is not!
John Grant|The most contemporary film I can think of is your standard romantic comedy, but the minute you make them, they already look so aged.
Anton Chekhov|For me, the only sources of moral values are the pursuit of understanding and the pursuit of happiness.
Molière, The Misanthrope|There is nothing I detest so much as the contortions of these great time-and-lip servers, these affable dispensers of meaningless embraces, these obliging utterers of empty words, who view every one in civilities
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|...it’s just another one of those things I don’t understand: everyone impresses upon you how unique you are, encouraging you to cultivate your individuality while at the same time trying to squish you and everyone else into the same ridiculous mould. It’s an artist’s right to rebel against the world’s stupidity.
John Paul II|He was alone in his wonderment,amoung creatures incapable of wonder--for them it was enough to exist and go their way.
John Archibald Wheeler, Geons, Black Holes, and Quantum Foam: A Life in Physics|All integral laws of spectral lines and of atomic theory spring originally from the quantum theory. It is the mysterious organon on which Nature plays her music of the spectra, and according to the rhythm of which she regulates the structure of the atoms and nuclei.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Life: Finding the Freedom, Wholeness, and True Success God Has for You|. . . you have no idea how many people there are in the world whose day could be made and their life changed for the better if someone would just look them in the eye, smile, and say, "Hello.
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|This day is full of extraordinary things that you are missing. Wonderful sights, like the sun on your counterpane, the hairs on your cat's tail, the cracks in the paint on your radiator, the leaves piling up against the curve. Wonderful smells, wonderful sounds. Wonderful people. Wonderful opportunities. Today is wonderful. But perhaps you have lost your sense of wonder.
Skye Eagleday, Dark Passions: Dark Romance Boxed Set|Sticks and Stones may break my bones,but whips and chains excite me.So throw me down, tie me up,and show me how you like me.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|(aspiring journalist to Carl Kolchak)'Andy knows I want to be a reporter. Like you'This took me by surprise. 'Sallie, my dear, nobody wants to be a reporter like me.
Jalaluddin Rumi|A wealth you cannot imagineflows through you.Do not consider what strangers say.Be secluded in your secret heart-house,that bowl of silence.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|This is the shade of difference: the door of the physician should never be shut, the door of the priest should always be open.
John Connolly, The Unquiet|Evil is a word we use to describe the absence of Good, just as we use the word darkness to describe the absence of Light or death to describe the absence of Life. Both evil and darkness can only be understood in relation to Light and Good; they do not have any actual existence. I am Light and I am Good. I am Love and there is no darkness in me. Light and Good actually exist. So, removing yourself from me will plunge you into darkness. Declaring independence will result in evil because apart from me, you can only draw upon yourself. That is death because you have separated yourself from me: Life…This could mean that in once instance, the good may be the presence of cancer or the loss of income—or even a life.”~Sarayu
Isabel Allende|A dream is a scripture, and many scriptures are nothing but dreams.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|People always say life is too short for regrets. But the truth is, it's too long.
Elsie Love|‎"All that history, the love & laughter, is designed for youth. It is what keeps the story of who we are alive from one generation to the next. It ensures our indelible mark in the souls of generations we will never have the pleasure of holding in a warm embrace. Life is short people. Before you know it, another decade will pass, people you love will be lost to this world, and all that will be left of them is what we carry in our hearts." Elsie Love 2011
m. shahid nadeem|From time to time, in the moments when you need it most, God will speak to you to remind you of your beauty.
Karl Pilkington|Marriage is all about knowing the ins and outs and the intimate details, and your wife is supposed to be the person you know best. But my brother and I think alike, know everything about one another, and when we get together, we block everything else out. Nothing exists in our world except for us.
Charles Bukowski, Hollywood|People just weren't interesting. Maybe they weren't supposed to be. But animals, birds, even insects were. I couldn't understand it.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|Yes, she is.” His eyes remained on Olivia, but she wasn’t aware he was watching her. “With art, I believe anything created with profound heart is captured compulsively beautifully.
Donald Norman|For me, I am still very happy to be able to do stage design as it's an opportunity to express the extreme.
Virginia Nicholson, Among the Bohemians: Experiments in Living 1900-1939|My environment reflects the life I've led, the places I've visited and the people I've loved.
Ambrose Bierce|Marriage, n.: The state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress and two slaves, making in all, two.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God's strength is rooted in being faithful to his true Self, in just Being good. The Devil's strength depends on synergies, agreements, cooperation and beliefs.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Remember some books are meant to be tasted, some books are meant to be chewed and, finally, some books are meant to be swallowed whole.
J.S. Riley|It happened to some people, that obsession with throwing their clothes off at an age when it would be best to keep them on.
Francesca Lia Block, I Was a Teenage Fairy|I don't want to have to save your life,' Chord says softly. 'Not when you can do it.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you control the media, the government, the police and military, the religions, the education system, and the basic needs in life then I guess that the only thing left to control is the people.Oh...sorry, I spoke too late.
D.B. Jackson, Thieftaker|Any noble cause will encounter its share of setbacks. The strength of that cause is measured in how the men who fight for it respond. We refuse to give up, which is why we will prevail eventually.
Samuel Smiles|It is of great use to the sailor to know the length of his line, though he cannot with it fathom all the depths of the ocean.
Ali Harper, Beautiful Bedlam|Wow, I didn’t even hesitate to call her my girlfriend. That’s a first.
Marilyn Monroe|A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
|Try not to get bitter because a lot of people don't believe in you; instead, be proud that you still believe in yourself despite the fact they don't see what you see in yourself.
Steven Rowley, Lily and the Octopus|I like the idea of living in a city - any city, especially a strange one - like the thought of traffic and crowds, of working in a bookstore, waiting tables in a coffee shop, who knew what kind of odd, solitary life I might slip into? Meals alone, waling the dogs in the evenings; and nobody knowing who I was.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Writers are the most pathetic souls when it comes to expressing their personal feelings. Their personalities are as complex as the characters they have weaved. And in a curious way, without them really knowing it, writers are the sum total of the characters they created in their heads or in their writings. Yes, My Dear Tania; writers are capable of reflecting their characters, even though most of them are determined to be just like your ordinary guy next door.
Stephen   Craig, Symbiote|He stood just near the club’s steps, his back to me along the foggy English night, and it was not until I’d passed him and began my ascent of the many steps that I’d heard his voice. The voice I knew, in all my years of living upon the Earth, that I would never forget. Even then I had known this. It was the slippery way of his tongue, or perhaps it was the coolness of which his words passed across the air and slid its way into my ears as though they were only meant for me.
Shirley Manson|Whether we think of Disney's blonde beauty and her pumpkin carriage or Marissa Meyer's recent recasting of 'Cinderella' as a cyborg in the young adult novel 'Cinder,' we know that there are countless modern retellings of the tale.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In poverty, friends are few; in prosperity, acquaintances are numerous; in affluence, associates are countless.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|JULIAN HUXLEY’S “EUGENICS MANIFESTO”:“Eugenics Manifesto” was the name given to an article supporting eugenics. The document, which appeared in Nature, September 16, 1939, was a joint statement issued by America’s and Britain’s most prominent biologists, and was widely referred to as the “Eugenics Manifesto.” The manifesto was a response to a request from Science Service, of Washington, D.C. for a reply to the question “How could the world’s population be improved most effectively genetically?” Two of the main signatories and authors were Hermann J. Muller and Julian Huxley. Julian Huxley, as this book documents, was the founding director of UNESCO from the famous Huxley family. Muller was an American geneticist, educator and Nobel laureate best known for his work on the physiological and genetic effects of radiation. Put into the context of the timeline, this document was published 15 years after “Mein Kampf” and a year after the highly publicized violence of Kristallnacht. In other words, there is no way either Muller or Huxley were unaware at the moment of publication of the historical implications of eugenic agendas.
Alexandr Iscenco|There are books written to be read.There are books written to be sold.The first ones have the soul and lessons you need.The second ones are just plain, empty, and cold.
Dee Dee Myers|I would say that as I've gotten older, I trust my intuition more; I allow myself more freedom both musically, creatively and my own life existentially.
Tarif Naaz|To love a woman, the mate must also love her wildish nature.
George M. Church|When you learn to read and write, it opens up opportunities for you to learn so many other things. When you learn to read, you can then read to learn. And it's the same thing with coding. If you learn to code, you can code to learn. Now some of the things you can learn are sort of obvious. You learn more about how computers work.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|In a world of hate, love is the revolution.
Rebecca Black|Well, I knew I wanted to be an actor, and I didn't necessarily need or want to be famous or a celebrity actor.
Georges Rodenbach, Hans Cadzand's Vocation & Other Stories|Aion is a child at play, playing draughts; the kingship is a child's.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Conscience is our wisest counselor and teacher, our most faithful and most patient friend.
Tim Parks, Where I'm Reading From: The Changing World of Books|In any power game, it seems, the dominant party is the least likely to be aware of what is going on.
David Nicholls, Starter for Ten|All young people worry about things, it's a natural and inevitable part of growing up, and at the age of sixteen my greatest anxiety in life was that I'd never again achieve anything as good, or pure, or noble, or true, as my O-level results.
Gavin DeGraw|She's my /sister./" He had no doubt that Clarisse was telling the truth: that Darri was down here in the caves, that she was trying to end the spell. And that she was about to die. "If you kill her, I'll tear this country down. I'll grind silver into the soil. I swear it." Clarisse blinked at him, completely unconcerned. "Why? You don't love her."  "I don't like her," Varis snarled. "I /do/ love her.
Kevin O'Leary|Generally, our approach with products at Google is to first develop the right user base and then to figure out what's the right experience for the ads.
A.E. Via|This was it. This would be my final mission. An overwhelming sadness swept over me at the realization. There would be no more racing across campus to replace the missing arm of the Caesar Augustus statue with one made of pink duct tape. My mind would no longer be used as a photographic tool to unveil a terrorist’s plan. No more last-minute science experiments to help rescue a father and daughter from a terrorist organization. I wouldn’t get to rescue myself with the aid of a Millard-enhanced device. No more disguises involving wigs and glasses to save a Van Gogh painting. The Mariinsky Theatre, the Superman building, the Louvre—my stories would disappear, along with my memories. Light had vanished around me as the ocean swallowed me. I’d been unable to save a helpless girl from her evil kidnapper. In the darkness I heard Daly’s voice, clear and strong, almost like he was there. Don’t give up. Fight. Push yourself. Alexandra Stewart can make a masterpiece out of any canvas. He was right—I couldn’t give up. (page 206)
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|Katherine of Aragon was speaking out for the women of the country, for the good wives who should not be put aside just because their husbands had taken a fancy to another, for the women who walked the hard road between kitchen, bedroom, church and childbirth. For the women who deserved more than their husband's whim.
Calvin Vronsky, The Gambit|You mistake us for abstaining your kind from undeserving happiness when all we do is to fight for our cause. We are soldiers, not rebels.
Desmond Biddulph, Teachings of the Buddha: The Wisdom of The Dharma, from The Pali Canon to The Sutras|Although social and personal circumstances will play their part in contributing to how an individual suffers, in Buddhist thought blame is seen as a "poison" that will only lead to negative actions and will do nothing to reduce suffering.
Leanna Renee Hieber, Darker Still|She couldn't have told you whether it was because she was afraid, or because such a voice in the darkness seemed of necessity a boon; but she listened to him as she had never listened before; his words dropped deep into her soul.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Use your natural powers - of persistence, concentration, and insight - to do work you love and work that matters. Solve problems, make art, and think deeply
Jacques Ellul, The Technological Society|Chicago is not the most corrupt of cities. The state of New Jersey has a couple. Need we mention Nevada? Chicago, though, is the Big Daddy. Not more corrupt, just more theatrical, more colorful in its shadiness.
Angela B. Wade, Fallen River|Let twelve angels come into being to rule over chaos and the underworld." And look, from the cloud there appeared an angel whose face flashed with fire and whose appearance was defiled with blood. His name was Nebro, which means in translation 'rebel'; others call him Yaldabaoth.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Eventually, Krysomallos would be skinned for his fleece, which became known as the Golden Fleece, which means I am related to a sheepskin rug.This is why you don't want to think too hard about who you're related to in the Greek myths. It'll drive you crazy.
W.B. Yeats|It must be understood that in some cases the process by which a god or goddess degenerates into a fairy may occupy centuries, and that in the passage of generations such an alteration may be brought about in appearance and traits as to make it seem impossible that any relationship actually exists between the old form and the new. This may be accounted for by the circumstance that in gradually assuming the traits of fairyhood the god or goddess may also have taken on the characteristics of fairies which Already existed in the minds of the folk, the elves of a past age, who were already elves at a period when he or she still flourished in the full vigour of godhead. For in one sense Faerie represents a species of limbo, a great abyss of traditional material, into which every kind of ancient belief came to be cast as the acceptance of one new faith after another dictated the abandonment of forms and ideas unacceptable to its doctrines. The difference between god and fairy is indeed the difference between religion and folk-lore.
Vanessa Gravenstein, war/SONG|Your friends are…interesting,” she said, making me snort. “I would hate to see your enemies.” She looked back at me, black eyes assessing. “You did not mention that one of the ‘friends’ you risked your life for was desperately hoping he could rip your head off.”	“I was a soldier of the Order,” I said wearily. “He’s the leader of a rogue dragon underground. I’m sure I’ve killed a few of his dragons in the past.”I’m also stupidly in love with the girl he considers his, and we both know it.
Angela B. Wade, Breaking Sea|When he’d woken that morning to find her gone, he’d used the time alone to clean himself up in every sense of the word. Decisions about his future had been part of it, but there'd been more, too. Because in all the time they’d known one another he’d been completely unconcerned with his appearance. Now, however, he wanted to show her the man he truly was. More than that, the man she’d helped him become: healed, strong, capable. No longer in the shadows, but bathed in light. No longer in need of saving or protecting or anything. Except her.
Brent Weeks, The Blinding Knife|Virtue is excellence, something uncommonly great and beautiful, which rises far above what is vulgar and ordinary.
John Jay, The Federalist Papers|Equity bids us be merciful to the weakness of human nature; to think less about the laws than about the man who framed them, and less about what he said than about what he meant; not to consider the actions of the accused so much as his intentions; nor this or that detail so much as the whole story; to ask not what a man is now but what he has always or usually been.
Philip Hensher, King of the Badgers|Raven, holding Joshua's chin, asks him how old he is.Joshua, folding in the pinky and the thumb on his left hand, while leaning on Raven's legs, raises three middle fingers into the air."That's what I thought. You're three.
Lance Olsen, Theories of Forgetting|I'll live to be one year younger, because I can't stand the idea of a world without you in it, and die buried beneath an avalanche of my own books.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|If It's not difficult to get, then it's not for you.
John Barth, The End of the Road|In life,” he said, “there are no essentially major or minor characters. To that extent, all fiction and biography, and most historiography, are a lie. Everyone is necessarily the hero of his own life story. Hamlet could be told from Polonius’s point of view and called The Tragedy of Polonius, Lord Chamberlain of Denmark. He didn’t think he was a minor character in anything, I daresay. Or suppose you’re an usher in a wedding. From the groom’s viewpoint he’s the major character; the others play supporting parts, even the bride. From your viewpoint, though, the wedding is a minor episode in the very interesting history of your life, and the bridge and groom both are minor figures. What you’ve done is choose to play the part of a minor character: it can be pleasant for you to pretend to be less important you know you are, as Odysseus does when he disguises as a swineherd. And every member of the congregation at the wedding sees himself as the major character, condescending to witness the spectacle. So in this sense fiction isn’t a lie at all, but a true representation of the distortion that everyone makes of life.	“Now, not only are we the heroes of our own life stories–we’re the ones who conceive the story, and give other people the essences of minor characters. But since no man’s life story as a rule is ever one story with a coherent plot, we’re always reconceiving just the sort of hero we are, and consequently just the sort of minor roles that other people are supposed to play. This is generally true. If any man displays almost the same character day in and day out, all day long, it’s either because he has no imagination, like an actor who can play only one role, or because he has an imagination so comprehensive that he sees each particular situation of his life as an episode in some grand over-all plot, and can so distort the situations that the same type of hero can deal with them all. But this is most unusual.	“This kind of role-assigning is myth-making, and when it’s done consciously or unconsciously for the purpose of aggrandizing or protecting your ego–and it’s probably done for this purpose all the time–it becomes Mythotherapy. Here’s the point: an immobility such as you experienced that time in Penn Station is possible only to a person who for some reason or other has ceased to participate in Mythotherapy. At that time on the bench you were neither a major nor a minor character: you were no character at all. It’s because this has happened once that it’s necessary for me to explain to you something that comes quite naturally to everyone else. It’s like teaching a paralytic how to walk again.
Monica F Anderson|Being surrounded by successful people, doesn't mean you made it.
Robert Bresson, Notes on the Cinematographer|Or take this girl, for example. At a meeting just outside Paris, a fifteen-year-old girl came up to me and said that she'd been to see [The Double Life of] Véronique. She'd gone once, twice, three times and only wanted to say one thing really - that she realized that there is such a thing as a soul. She hadn't known before, but now she knew that the soul does exist. There's something very beautiful in that. It was worth making Véronique for that girl. It was worth working for a year, sacrificing all that money, energy, time, patience, torturing yourself, killing yourself, taking thousands of decisions, so that one young girl in Paris should realize that there is such a thing as a soul. It's worth it.
Chrissie Hynde|It is not the Government, the members of Parliament to whom the ultimate decision belongs, it is up to you to go forward sure of your sacred right of free opinion, sure of your patriotism.
Anne Enright, The Gathering|I am a trembling mess from hip to knee. There is a terrible heat, a looseness in my innards that makes me want to dig my fists between my thighs. It is a confusing feeling - somewhere between diarrhoea and sex - this grief that is almost genital.
Jodi Picoult|Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.
Mary Oliver|When we recognise the virtues, the talent, the beauty of Mother Earth, something is born in us, some kind of connection; love is born.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He's lost his colour very far from here,Poured it down shell-holes till the veins ran dry
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Values are the measuring stick for howyou make decisions in business: goal setting, employee conduct, recognition, discipline—everything.
L. Frank Baum, The Marvelous Land of Oz|As a matter of fact, we are none of us above criticism; so let us bear with each other's faults.
Dean Koontz, Breathless|Out of sight above the house, the mirror moon reflected the sun of a day not yet dawned, shining the pale light of tomorrow on the yard and on the paper birches.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|And this notion of the meaninglessness of our lives here began to enflame us.I took up the theme again that music and acting were good because they drove back chaos. Chaos was the meaninglessness of day-to-day life, and if we were to die now, our lives would have been nothing but meaninglessness.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|When we involve others in spontaneous acts of kindness, we go from being strangers to becoming a united team connected at the heart level.
Walter Ralston Martin, The Kingdom of the Cults|Bessie asked if I would have a book: the word book acted as a transient stimulus, and I begged her to fetch Gulliver’s Travels from the library.  This book I had again and again perused with delight. 
John Connolly, A Song of Shadows|The sooner you decide that it is alright to believe the opposite of what the masses do, and that it is alright to trust the universe, and you choose to be happy rather than be right, the sooner you will be happy.
Kylie Scott, Play|Oh, yeah. You're the best," I grinned back at him."Pumpkin, hello. Of course I am!
H.P. Lovecraft, The Best of H.P. Lovecraft: Bloodcurdling Tales of Horror and the Macabre|It was dark enough that I couldn't make out their features, but I could see that someone was cutting through the links of the fence. There was a sense of urgency about those that watched him, some of them turning to peer over their shoulders into the brush and foliage that edged the fence. I watched them in horror, a sense of dread washing over me. What kind of horrors had they led to our very doorstep?
Frank Beddor|Should’ is my all time least favoriteword! It’s this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up ourselves andothers.
Jacqueline Sweet, A Slice of Honeybear Pie|I love Pizza thicker, when the crust is thinner!
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|This realization leads to a different question than that suggested by all these tips on simplifying the holidays. Namely, what are you saving your energy for? This is all there is. Anything could happen and you are not guaranteed another snowman. So make a fuss. Make a show. Spend your energy now.
Debasish Mridha|Be an instrument of peace, not a preacher of hate.
Mandy Baxter, One Night More|Cade shifted against the sheets, trying to ease his painful erection. He was going against every protocol there was. Sleeping in the same bed as the woman in his protective custody? Genius plan. It would be one thing if he was simply trying to comfort her, to make her feel at ease. Yeah, it would still be breaking some rules, but he was intensely attracted to her. Had been from the moment they met all those years ago.
Nike Thaddeus|We don't live through life only by our own experiences, we live through life with other people's experience as a reference too.
Dele Ayo Bankole|It is better to know so much about a few but important things, than to know so little about life, and much about trivial things.
Patricia Bellomo|When I was eight years old, I was abducted from a fast food restaurant by a man who took me, in all likelihood, because of a small splotch of mayonnaise on his hamburger. And so I believe in neither free will nor predetermination.I believe in condiments.
Hera Septyadita|One of the causes of unhappiness among intellectuals in the present day is that so many of them, especially those whose skill is literary, find no opportunity for the independent exercise of their talents, but have to hire themselves out to rich corporations directed by Philistines, who insist upon their producing what they themselves regard as pernicious nonsense. If you were to inquire among journalists in either England or America whether they believed in the policy of the newspaper for which they worked, you would find, I believe, that only a small minority do so; the rest, for the sake of a livelihood, prostitute their skill to purposes which they believe to be harmful. Such work cannot bring any real satisfaction, and in the course of reconciling himself to the doing of it, a man has to make himself so cynical that he can no longer derive whole-hearted satisfaction from anything whatever. I cannot condemn men who undertake work of this sort, since starvation is too serious an alternative, but I think that where it is possible to do work that is satisfactory to man’s constructive impulses without entirely starving, he will be well advised from the point of view of his own happiness if he chooses it in preference to work much more highly paid but not seeming to him worth doing on its own account. Without self-respect genuine happiness is scarcely possible. And the man who is ashamed of his work can hardly achieve self-respect.
Robin Yocum, Brilliant Death|Everything about us was entirely normal, really. We were as ordinary as anything we might come across in this world.
Charles Edward Montague|Although the war in which you fought took place more than half-a-century ago, your courage, your sacrifice and your patriotism reaches through the decades and inspires us today.
Philip M. Rosenzweig, The Halo Effect: How Managers let Themselves be Deceived|We all spin stories. That's what we do. We want people to see certain things about us and not others. What matters is whether you let others in to the truest story, the one that's the hardest to tell.
Jane Austen, Emma|How often is happiness destroyed by preparation, foolish preparation!
Jane Kenyon|HappinessThere's just no accounting for happiness,or the way it turns up like a prodigalwho comes back to the dust at your feethaving squandered a fortune far away.And how can you not forgive?You make a feast in honor of whatwas lost, and take from its place the finestgarment, which you saved for an occasionyou could not imagine, and you weep night and dayto know that you were not abandoned,that happiness saved its most extreme formfor you alone.No, happiness is the uncle you neverknew about, who flies a single-engine planeonto the grassy landing strip, hitchhikesinto town, and inquires at every dooruntil he finds you asleep midafternoonas you so often are during the unmercifulhours of your despair.It comes to the monk in his cell.It comes to the woman sweeping the streetwith a birch broom, to the childwhose mother has passed out from drink.It comes to the lover, to the dog chewinga sock, to the pusher, to the basket maker,and to the clerk stacking cans of carrotsin the night.It even comes to the boulderin the perpetual shade of pine barrens,to rain falling on the open sea,to the wineglass, weary of holding wine.
Jennifer DeCuir, Wynter's Journey|The higher the testosterone, the lower the maturity level.
Kristin Hannah|Magic to be its best must be unexpected".
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|My mood, as I identify with each of my heroes, resembles what I used to feel when I played alone as a child. Like all children, I liked to play make-believe, to put myself in someone else's place and imagine dream worlds in which I was a soldier, a famous soccer player, or a great hero.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I believe that we are just carriers of God's wisdom that he uses to refurnish the earth He created. You are carrying part of that wisdom in you. When it's time to offload it, do so with all passion!
Janet Mock, Redefining Realness: My Path to Womanhood, Identity, Love  So Much More|In Hawaii, family showed itself in the way that my siblings never dared to call one another "half" anything. We were fully brothers and sisters. Family appeared in the pile of rubber slippers and sandals that crowded the entrance to everyone's home; in the kisses we gave when we greeted one another and said good-bye; in the graceful choreography of Grandma hanging the laundry on the clothesline; in the inclusiveness of calling anyone older auntie or uncle whether or not they were relatives.
Martin Seligman|In my bachelor days, the priority wasn't learning to cook.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Making someone feel obligated, pressured or forced into doing something of a sexual nature that they don't want to is sexual coercion. This includes persistent attempts at sexual contact when the person has already refused you. Nobody owes you sex, ever; and no means no, always.
William F. Buckley Jr., God and Man at Yale: The Superstitions of 'Academic Freedom'|I try to remember what I have too often forgotten to my peril: as far as teaching goes, when all you are is right, what you really are is in trouble.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Far over misty mountains coldTo dungeons deep and caverns oldWe must away, ere break of day,To find our long-forgotten gold.
Tom Ford|From the time we're born until we die, we're kept busy with artificial stuff that isn't important.
Deborah L. Robinson|There is always someone to forgive, if not another, than yourself.
Sunday Adelaja|Step beyond the scopes and limits because a narrow minded person has such boundaries of thinking “I cannot , but I must
Conan O'Brien|There's a good chance that in 40 years, after the floods, people zipping by on scavenged jetpacks with their scavenged baseball caps on backwards, I will be in my rocking chair saying bitterly, 'I remember when 'all right' was two words.'
Marti Melville|Midnight Omen Deja vu" - Because everyone should experience love in the Caribbean...at least once in a lifetime.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I wear my wrinkles like battle scars, having earned every last one slaying life’s dragons. They boast of my victories and some defeats while their beauty is a wealth of wisdom gained.
Lauren Barnholdt, The Thing About the Truth|I could hold you prisoner here for the rest of the day and list everything I love about you, but that’s only half of it,” he explained, turning toward me. “The other half is something I can’t put into words. Something I don’t think I’ll ever be able to. It’s something that ties me to you, and you to me. Call it chemistry, call it fate, call it whatever you want. All I know is that I’m yours just as much as you’re mine, Luce. That’s the surest thing I’ve ever known.
Léon Bloy|The worst evil is not to commit crimes, but to fail to do the good one might have done.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Marry the one who laughs when you laugh, and you are clever; marry the one who cries when you cry, and you are intelligent, but marry the one who does both with you, and you are wise.
Nayyirah Waheed|the soul mate doesn’t have tobe a romantic relationship.Sometimes in life, you meetpeople when you need them,and there is an immediateconnection.
Magan Vernon, How to Break Up with an Alien|If only I had the speed that my alien boyfriend had, then I could just zip through my senior year and forget about distance and mom’s annoyingly great sense of hearing. But when said alien boyfriend was in my bed, I wanted nothing more than the opposite speed. I wanted to freeze time to keep everything just the way it was.
Debasish Mridha|If your love never ends, you become a legend.
Lauren Blakely, The Start of Us|There will be times in which things appear hopeless. You will begin to doubt everything around you. You will even begin to doubt yourself. You will think things will never look up and you may be in the deepest, darkest, loneliest place in the world. Everything which had once been infused with wonder may appear disappointing and harsh. You may grow cynical and come to believe that this is simply the way the world is...that one must bear with the unforgiving realities of the world and only hope that it doesn’t get worse. You might grow suspicious of others, as adults tend to do, and close yourself off from the rest of the world. You might just look to the past and reminisce about better days...or you might just dwell in one place for a little too long and become nostalgic for the future. Just remember—regardless of where you are, what experiences you have, and who you have become—that there will always be those who have loved you. Those whom you may have taken for granted, but have nonetheless, always had you in their hearts and in their hopes and wishes. Lives that you have touched: whether you realize it or not. To separation you may venture, but indissolubly in union shall you drift...you will always be at the whims of forces, both great and small, and far beyond your capacity to control. That’s how all our stories go. Innumerable arcs intersect and scatter into a vast indefinite sea.
Lev Shestov, In Job's Balances: On the Sources of the Eternal Truths|Ancient politicians talked incessantly about morality and virtue; our politicians talk only about business and money. One will tell you that in a particular country a man is worth the sum he could be sold for in Algiers; another, by following this calculation, will find countries where a man is worth nothing, and others where he is worth less than nothing. They assess men like herds of livestock. According to them, a man has no value to the State apart from what he consumes in it. Thus one Sybarite would have been worth at least thirty Lacedaemonians. Would someone therefore hazard a guess which of these two republics, Sparta or Sybaris, was overthrown by a handful of peasants and which one made Asia tremble?
Marilyn Monroe, My Story|Most men judge your importance in their lives by how much you can hurt them, not by how happy you can make them.
Sarah Parcak|Once I find a bag that I love, I wear it always. I just don't change my bags. I literally find one and stay with it.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|Admit you’re jealous, Emma.” “Never,” she said defiantly. “Just your nipples then. They’re pouting.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|As with any form of mental self-improvement, you must learn to turn your gaze inward, concentrate on processes that usually run automatically, and try to wrest control of them so that you can apply them more mindfully.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone has a divine beauty. Beware, underneath there may be a hidden diabolical ego.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? I miss God. I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. I still don't think of God as my betrayer. The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. I miss God who was my friend. I don't even know if God exists, but I do know that if God is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. I have an idea that one day it might be possible, I thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. If the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, I might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup. As it is, I can't settle, I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and know that love is as strong as death, and be on my side for ever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me. There are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. Naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. But on the wild nights who can call you home? Only the one who knows your name. Romantic love has been diluted into paperback form and has sold thousands and millions of copies. Somewhere it is still in the original, written on tablets of stone. I would cross seas and suffer sunstroke and give away all I have, but not for a man, because they want to be the destroyer and never the destroyed.
Jennifer Rardin|Top Gun,” I whispered to Lindsey. We’d started pointing out Luc’s ubiquitous pop culture references, having decided that because he cut his fangs in the Wild West, he’d been entranced by movies and television. You know, because living in a society of magically enhanced vampires didn’t require enough willing suspension of disbelief.-Merit in Chloe Neill’s Friday Night Bites
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Who can know when his world is going to change? . . . Who would suspect that in the morning a different child would wake? . . . Perhaps I should have at least known something, but maybe not; who can sense revelation in the wind?What happened was just this: I got hooked on the story.For the first time in my life, I became actively interested in a book. Me the sports fanatic, me the game freak, me the only ten-year-old in Illinois with a hate on for the alphabet wanted to know what happened next.
Roshan Sharma|You can only become the observer of life, if you can perceive the world with the mind and not with the sensory organs.
Anonymous|How we react to the tragedy of one small person accurately reflects our attitude towards a whole nationality, and increasing the numbers doesn't change much.
Cornelia Funke|Being certain one is alive isn't something to which one pays mind. If you could ask the question, you were fine. If you could not, hopefully you had a cozy coffin.
Vannetta Chapman, Murder Simply Brewed|If you knew the golden treasures of adversity, you will bravely embrace it.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|[T]his is an enemy for life, as well as an enemy of life.
Erin Belieu|I root through your remains,looking for the black box. Nothing leftbut glossy chunks, a pimp’s platinumtooth clanking inside the urn. I play youover and over, my beloved conspiracy,my personal Zapruder film
Christine Hassler, 20-Something, 20-Everything: A Quarter-Life Woman's Guide to Balance and Direction|I do what I please, M. Beauchamp, and it is always well done.
Dada Bhagwan|To see happiness of others, that is what is our religion.
Elfriede Jelinek, The Piano Teacher|You write poetry?" Klaus asked.He had read a lot about poets but had never met one."Just a little bit," Isadora said modestly. "I write poems down in this notebook. It's an interest of mine.""Sappho!" Sunny shrieked, which meant something like, "I'd be very pleased to hear a poem of yours!
Shannon Luxford|Your fear of looking stupid, Shannon, is holding you back. I think it's time.
Cassandra Blizzard|Love and honor the world around you, and you experience life in its fullest. There is no “Other.” There is simply us. The all of us, the whole of us. The mankind of us. Anything else is a lie.
David Lagercrantz, Fall of Man in Wilmslow|There is no man who is enterprising and keeps well up with the times but confesses that the women of to-day are in every respect, except political liberty, equal to the men.
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|I have the not altogether unsatisfying impression that civilisation is collapsing around me.Is it my age, I wonder, or the age we live in? I am not sure. Civilisations do collapse, after all, but on the other hand people grow old with rather greater frequency.
Christian D. Larson|When in the puppet-show of dreams we hold in hand the strings of quite a number of actors, controlling their actions and their speech, we are not aware of this being so. Only one of them is myself, the dreamer. In him I act and speak immediately, while I may be awaiting eagerly and anxiously what another one will reply
Chrissi Sepe, Bliss, Bliss, Bliss|Energy has to be fed from a source. If you don't feed the source, it dissipates entirely.Same is true of liking a boy. If you cut off the thoughts, if you stop pinning, you're free to find a boy who is attainable.
Lawrence Anthony, The Elephant Whisperer|When Mother had told me that animals found quiet, unexposed places to die, I had always imagined they knew they were dying, and accepted it, almost gracefully. Now I saw that this wasn't so at all: they crept into corners in the hope of surviving, they only knew they were weakened and exposed, easy prey, and their instinct was to find a hidden place and try to outlive whatever it was they were suffering. It had been a mistake to imagine they wanted to be alone, to die in peace. Animals have no knowledge of death; for them, death is the unexpected end of life, something they resist by instinct, for no good reason. In that sense, their existence has an almost mechanical quality.
Adam Gopnik|Yet human intelligence has another force, too: the sense of urgency that gives human smarts their drive. Perhaps our intelligence is not just ended by our mortality; to a great degree, it is our mortality.
C.S. Lewis|When a man's pride is injured, death is a small price to repay the insult.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|His face spreads into a warm smile. “As a matter of fact, no, I have never slept under the stars – are you gettin’ all romantic on me, Camryn Bennett?” He looks at me with a playful sideward stare.
Emery Lee, The Highest Stakes|Try as you may, you can never defy love.
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|We know there are thousands of ways to solve any branding problem a company faces, yet the only valuable solutions are the effective ones. Doing something ineffective in half the time–or “more efficiently” or “more economically”–isn’t progress, but is instead bad business. Very bad business.
Holly Black, Tithe|If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.
Joseph Hansen, Skinflick|When the sands of time come falling down, we are only left with our choices. Choose wisely; however, some may argue wisdom is relative.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|I still couldn't imagine that she was really, truly pregnant; maybe this was an hysterical pregnancy. But Sarah was never hysterical. Enthusiastic, yes, ironic on occasion. I couldn't imagine a doctor saying, "No, it's just an ironic pregnancy.
David Gerrold, The Man Who Folded Himself|I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Age does not make us childish, as some say; it finds us true children.
Debasish Mridha|Win hatred with love, enemies with friendship, and cruelty with kindness.
Toffee, Finding Juliet|In old age, past haunts the present; memories replace the real life!
David O. McKay, Gospel Ideals|At the door to the locker room Dime asks [Ennis] to autograph his ball. Ennis rears back. He's chuckling but his eyes are wary. 'Why you want that? I'm just an old equipment hand, nobody cares about my autograph.''As far as I'm concerned you run the team,' Dime answers, so Ennis laughs and takes the Sharpie and signs his name to Dime's ball, and this will be the only autograph that Dime collects today.
Pablo|Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.
Helen Garner|One who is kind is sympathetic and gentle with others. He is considerate of others' feelings and courteous in his behavior. He has a helpful nature. Kindness pardons others' weaknesses and faults. Kindness is extended to all - to the aged and the young, to animals, to those low of station as well as the high.
Sheryl Sandberg|So long as I can stay mentally alert - inquiring, curious - I want to keep going. I love my wife and my children, but I don't want to sit around at home with them. We go on safaris and things like that. I can do that for a couple of weeks a year. I'm just not ready to stop, to die.
Mohit Parikh, Manan|Love is not a verb. Love is a noun. Love’s activity is people breathing, cells dividing, a dove taking a flight. This grammar of life not all can see.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|I'd rather feel something for real than pretend it's not what it is. Which Zen guy said "If you want to drown, do not torture yourself with shallow water"?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Bring the past, but only if you can build from it.
Franklin Graham|For those who have already experienced the grace of Almighty God through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, prayer becomes the catalyst for fellowship with the Lord of our souls, redeemed by his blood. By tapping into the channel by which we commune with the One who calls his children “friends,” we can receive his strength in our weakness; his guidance in our steps; and his mercy when we stumble along life’s path.
William Carey, The Journal and Selected Letters|I feel that it is good to commit my Soul, my Body, and my all into the Hands of God, Then the World appears little, the Promises great; and God an allsufficient Portion.
Alan Sillitoe|Of course, we all go through our own experiences. If we do not push ourselves enough, we do not grow, but if we push ourselves too much, we regress. What is enough will change, depending on where we are and what we are doing. In that sense, the present moment is always some kind of beginning.
Kevin Connolly|Dad was a baker, and we lived above the bakery, so I was always popping down to have an apple pie or a doughnut or a custard or gypsy tart: I had a very sweet tooth, and I think that that was what got me into doing what I do now.
Steven Magee|Today, I encourage you to consider your life, your values, and your relationships and consider who you are by the test of what you do. I invite you to re-affirm the values you hold dear and decide today to stand up for what you believe is right and good in the world.
Jim Hightower|One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|His voice is deep and gravelly. I once heard one of the girls say that he had the voice of a sex god, but because I've never really heard what a sex god sounds like, I can't verify that.
Terry Pratchett, Mort|How do you get all those coins?" asked Mort.IN PAIRS.
Michael M. Honda|When you see a struggle that you may be having personally put on a big screen and in a roomful of people, then it makes you feel less crazy or alone, because you're seeing that other people are dealing with it too. You get to see in this imaginary scenario how people might try and answer some questions or deal with some problems.
Gary Jennings|I do not know what she was thinking, but I was remembering the years we have lived together, yet never together, and what a waste they have been--of each other, and of love, which is the most unpardonable waste there is. Love and time, those are the only two things in all the world and all of life that cannot be bought, but only spent.
Karen Chance, Fury's Kiss|The F word turns me on, she whispered. The F word?FoodHe threw back his head and laughed. It rumbled up out of his chest and felt so good it startled him. For the first time in years,his laughter was spontaneous. It wasn`t tinged with bitterness and cynicism.
Neil Gaiman|The novelist is condemned to wander all his life. Homeless and blind like Oedipus he wanders until death. And so let us protect the novelist and adore him, with pity, honor, and love.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|See yourself in a mirror, you are a human first than anything else.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|I can’t believe I ever thought reading to her was a chore. I’d sit here some nights, fidgeting, thinking of all the things I needed to do, my voice hoarse, reluctant to read, ‘just one more chapter,’ wishing I could escape to my glass of wine. What did I have to do that was so important? What could be more important than reading my daughter a bedtime story?
Sahndra Fon Dufe|I live for my death. While it is important how you perceive me now, It is more imperative how generations to come would perceive me
Marcus Berkmann, Set Phasers to Stun: 50 Years of Star Trek|In art, questions are always more interesting than answers.
Larry the Cable Guy|My favorite affirmation when I feel stuck or out of sorts is: Whatever I need is already here, and it is all for my highest good. Jot this down and post it conspicuously throughout your home, on the dashboard of your car, at your office, on your microwave oven, and even in front of your toilets!
Boep Joeng|But for the present I would lie there and know I didn't have to get up, and feel the holy emptiness and blessed fatigue of a saint after the dark night of the soul. For God and Nothing have a lot in common. You look either one of Them straight in the eye for a second and the immediate effect on the human constitution is the same.
John Bradshaw, Healing the Shame that Binds You|Once they know they've got a hold of your shame, they can shake it out and hold it up for the all world to see. And you become less than it. You become something disgusting.
James Mattis|For me, the peculiar qualities of faith are a logical outcome of this level of biological organization.
John Constable|I describe management as arts, crafts and science. It is a practice that draws on arts, craft and science and there is a lot of craft - meaning experience - there is a certain amount of craft meaning insight, creativity and vision, and there is the use of science, technique or analysis.
Jincy Willett, The Writing Class|When we commit daily to offering our love, living in integrity, truth and values, we are more easily in tune to live our purpose …. We live our ethical life in all aspects; family, friends and business. Our spirit and body are always with us. In IHood, we choose to honor spiritual behavior over that of our body.
Jodi Thomas, Twisted Creek|He watched their faces, and he knew each meant desperately what she said because they loved each other, and deep inside surely each knew the words were false, that the true words were those unspoken.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Layla, sweetheart, you haven’t had the right experience and apparently were not with the right people.
Parker J. Palmer|The academic bias against subjectivity not only forces our students to write poorly ("It is believed...," instead of, "I believe..."), it deforms their thinking about themselves and their world. In a single stroke, we delude our students into believing that bad prose turns opinions into facts and we alienate them from their own inner lives.
Bette Lee Crosby, The Regrets of Cyrus Dodd|Cyrus is the meat and potatoes of my life, but Prudence was a cupcake I could enjoy just for the sheer sweetness of being with her.
Katie Reus, Deadly Fallout|Men like him, the kind of guys who left the womb fighting? They didn’t get fairy-tale endings. They burned bright until they burned out—and he was burning out.
Mary Oliver, Upstream: Selected Essays|Rise AgainOne goal goes by the waysideSome watch sneering arms foldedLaughing at you until the endUntil you have the last laughYou've courage you're no riffraffAnother will lend you a handYou're apparently not left for deadYou rise again and all is fineDefeat no matter how crushingThat seemingly final act they consingIs speckle of dust to you the leaningMajestic Tower of Pisa still standingHow dissapointed they must beThinking they have the master keyMore bogus then a midnight sunYet you stand on a solid foundationYour destiny is beyond what anyoneOr anything can give or take from youDangling hope strings attached rescueInstead rise and face the morning dewYou the sun reclaiming your denFrom the frost,beams of hope chasingYou are alone but alive againShining the sheen of your greenYou rise again free no one's lienYou are alive because you alaoneCan decide the meaning of the dustIf they had meaning to begin withKaleb Kilton (c) 2016
Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull|We choose our next world through what we learn in this one. Learn nothing, and the next world is the same as this one, all the same limitations and lead weights to overcome.
Elizabeth George, Quiet Confidence for a Woman's Heart|It is our work to cast care, and it is God's work to take care.
Billy Joel|When the going gets tough, the tough get going
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|Variety may be the spice of life, but consistency pays the bills.
Therese Anne Fowler, Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald|Scott is gone.I've had two days with this truth. This truth and me, we're acquainted now, past the shock of our first unhappy meeting and into the uneasy-cohabitation stage. Its barbs are slightly duller than they were that first night, when even breathing felt agonizing and wrong. Tootsie and Marjorie hovered over me, waiting to see whether I'd collapse, while Mama looked on, white-faced, from her rocker by the fire. "Gone?" I would whisper, to no-one in particular. I, too, waited for me to be overwhelmed - but all that happened was what happens to anyone who has lost their one love: my heart cleaved into two parts, before and foreverafterward.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Muse|That’s what you asked him?”“Yeah, why?” Gina scrunched her face with confusion.“I thought you were going to say something juicy.”“Like what?”“I don’t know, like if he would be your sex slave or something like that.”“Kelly! Why would I ask him that?”“He’s a hot guy, you’re a hot girl. We’re in a super romantic castle on the coast.” Kelly waved her hand around the room for emphasis. “Why the hell not generate some heat in between these cold stone walls?
J.I. Willett|Do you think we find Jesus, or does He find us?
R. Buckminster Fuller, Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth|In all, Nigeria belongs to us all and we have a personal responsibility to see that it succeeds
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|Knitting has a profound connective power. The culture and people and rituals around it, the values, they all contribute to an immediate and profound trust in one another. It's home. You belong and are accepted, which rings true no matter where you are.
José Alaniz, Death, Disability, and the Superhero: The Silver Age and Beyond|Some good shit happens fast (a bestselling book), and some good shit happens slow (love).
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|Hermes visited him in the Underworld a few days before the spring equinox festival, cajoling Hades to come to it.Hades wandered across the fields with him, Kerberos limping along at his side. “No one wants the god of death at their fertility festival.”“Sure they do. I’ve heard plenty of girls sighing over your tasty darkness.”“Tasty darkness. Really.
Benjamin Franklin|A complaint is a chance to turn a customer into a lifelong friend. I say that seriously, not as some press release baloney.
Asghar Farhadi|The war on drugs is wrong, both tactically and morally. It assumes that people are too stupid, too reckless, and too irresponsible to decide whether and under what conditions to consume drugs. The war on drugs is morally bankrupt.
Alain de Botton|I pulled back on the divorce because there is no rush for it. For medical decisions and a ton of other things, it's just smarter that it's put on hold.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Life is the force of the absolute, the supreme, the Creator who creates everything.
Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank|Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.
Peter W. Smorynski, A Shadow of Chaos|You may not know what the outcome will be, but you have to try to give yourself a future, no matter how long it takes. You have to hold on to hope.
Cerella Sarry|If there's one thing I know for sure,is that I will be successful.There's no doubt about that . I can see it!I am determined,I am willing and I am able! I'll go through ups and down but that will make success even sweeter . I will lose friends but am prepared but again I got nothing to lose. You don't lose when you lose fake friends.The road is time.Confidence is a magnet to success.
Holly Hood, Polar|Life is a ride that we take, sometimes with a passenger, other timesall alone. How you bounce back from life tells a lot about you as aperson. Some people fight to the death, others are more a part of deathand never truly understand why this is so……
Byron Katie, A Thousand Names for Joy: Living in Harmony with the Way Things Are|With improved coping skills forged through my midlife crisis, I now listen first and do not control, and I allow these now adult children to come to their own conclusions about what they want for their lives.
Jasper Fforde, The Woman Who Died a Lot|Before, I suspected I might not amount to anything, and now I now I won't, so at least it takes away the wearisome burden of delusive hope
David R. Ellis|When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Leap, and the net will appear.
Nicholas Trandahl|You take what you can get, I reckon. You take what you can get.
Tim Fargo|Good intentions might sound nice, but it's positive actions that matter.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every nation needs a crystal clear mirror to see its stupidities, to see its hypocrisies, to see its faults and its evils! No nation is saint! Every nation’s history is full of primitiveness and barbarity, full of wars and murders! Let every nation sees its face very clearly! Let them face their faces so that in the future they may be something better!
Harold Pinter|All I'm saying is that there are many different kinds of political theatre and many plays I greatly admire: 'Antigone,' 'Mother Courage,' 'All My Sons.' But, if I tackle a political theme, I have to do it in my own way.
Matt McGorry|I love Billy Wilder, and I love the way that his films can be very touching and very moving and very romantic, and at the same time there's always a little cynical undertone, there's always something that undercuts things.
Anacreon - 485 BC|She gave thee beauty—blush of fire, That bids the flames of war retire! Woman! be fair, we must adore thee; Smile, and a world is weak before thee!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|People run around looking for millions of likes in their life and on the social media but do you know what? If you get just one true like from just one who loves you the most, it surpasses all other millions. God loves you the most even without make over.
Dan   Pedersen|Real confidence has a realistic view of itself. It knows what it is capable of and not capable of. Real confidence does not need to overcompensate for anything, it doesn’t have to try harder to be more than what it already is. Real confidence does not beat itself up when it makes a mistake. Real confidence is secure enough to let someone else take the credit for something, without losing its own identity. Real confidence is humble. Real confidence recognizes its weaknesses and limitations, and is secure enough to admit when it is wrong."'Living With Confidence: From Fear To Love
Jerry Robinson|It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.
Samuel Barber|It takes far less courage to kill yourself than it takes to make yourself wake up one more time. It's harder to stay where you are than to get out. For everyone but you, that is.
Daniel Nettle|However, robust evidence shows that people systematically overestimate the probability of positive future contingencies, and underestimate the probability of negative ones — only those who are depressed or dysphoric come to accurate assessments.
Ogwo David Emenike|I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.
Queen Elizabeth II|Newspapers are the second hand of history. This hand, however, is usually not only of inferior metal to the other hands, it also seldom works properly.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Kant thought things, not because they were true, but because he was Kant.
Brent Weeks, Beyond the Shadows|Logan folded his arms. His voice was granite."My word stands.""Can you love an idea more than you love a man and not become a monster? How many friends will you sacrifice on the altar of Justice, Logan?""If you force my hand, at least one."They were standing on a precipice. Socially, Logan had always been Kylar's superior. Morally, Kylar had always felt inferior, too. But they'd never been placed in a direct hierarchical relation. Now Logan was giving an order. He would not be moved.Kylar could only accept his order and accept all his orders henceforth, or reject it and them forever. There was a part of him that yearned to obey. He was convinced that killing Terah was the right thing, but Logan's moral compass was a more accurate instrument than Kylar's. What was it about submission that was so hard? Kylar wasn't being asked for blind servility. He was being asked to obey a man he knew and loved and respected, who in turn respected him.'The wolfhound is pampered by the fire. The wolf is hunted in the cold.'"Do you know how much I love you, Logan?" Kylar asked. Logan opened his mouth, but before he could say a word, Kylar said, "This much." And left.
Compton Gage|Salt waters shall be found in the sweet, and all friends shall destroy one another; then shall wit hide itself, and understanding withdraw itself into his secret chamber-
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|In Bruce’s opinion, the only fun in dating was the sport of it. The more it was like a tennis match, where he had to wear down his opponent through expertise and sheer force of will, the better he liked it.
Maya Lin|Once I understood Bach's music, I wanted to be a concert pianist. Bach made me dedicate my life to music, and it was that teacher who introduced me to his world.
James C. Dobson|The time before was slow, as much as I grow as much the time don't forgive. As most people will say if you fuck the past, the past fucks you!
Jane Velez-Mitchell|When you're caught up in the storm or, you know, just the turmoil of everything that there is another side and you do get through it. And you know, just standing by the truth and doing the right thing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|As an entrepreneur  I am often asked how I kept my perseverance. Well  persevere comes from the Latin roots purse  as in "money " and sever  as in "cut off." That's why I persevered.
Cary Fukunaga|It takes people being alone in front of the computer at three in the morning to write opinions about movies, apparently.
Pete Domenici|Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Steven R. Boyett, Mortality Bridge|The man who begins to go to bed forty minutes before he opens his bedroom door is bored; that is to say, he is not living.
Amy Poehler|Love is a strange emotion. It is ever evolving. Lust is transient. With time, one realizes that love and togetherness are two different things. Very few people are lucky enough to experience the two emotions simultaneously.
Deyth Banger|Oh, oh, oh I'm so sorry for you... but the real truth is that you make this to happen. (Believe or not I definite like this!)
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter how bad the situation, do not lose heart.
Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jumpstart Your Income, Your Life, Your Success|Be strong and courageous to take risks.Without trying and taking risks, you will miss great opportunities in life.
Nikki Sex, Karma|Tell me you're not going to do anything stupid." "I'm not that kind of guy, Peter." "Not usually, no. But I've seen the look you've got in your eyes. A guy so consumed with his demons he'd throw himself on a min to escape it. Then they send the little polished medal home to the people who love him. You've got a lot of people who care about you, Ben. Don't do that to them. If you don't trust yourself tonight, then let me shadow you." Ben sighed, looked back out in the darkness. "Fine, but keep a distance. I don't want anyone to think we're dating." "No chance of that. I wouldn't be caught dead dating an ambulance chaser.
Meredith Russo|I think I'm allergic or something. I feel kinda strange... sort of floaty and light-headed.""You ain't sick, hon," Mom said. She kissed me cheek and hugged me so tight I thought I might break a rib. "That's joy.
Terry Brooks|At the age of 16 I was already dreaming of having a baby because I felt myself to be an adult, but my mum forbid it. Right now, I feel like a teenager and I want to have fun for one or two more years before starting a family.
Knut Hamsun, Hunger|I opened my eyes; how could I keep them shut when I could not sleep? The same darkness brooded over me; the same unfathomable black eternity which my thoughts strove against and could not understand. I made the most despairing efforts to find a word black enough to characterize this darkness; a word so horribly black that it would darken my lips if I named it. Lord! how dark it was! and I am carried back in thought to the sea and the dark monsters that lay in wait for me. They would draw me to them, and clutch me tightly and bear me away by land and sea, through dark realms that no soul has seen. I feel myself on board, drawn through waters, hovering in clouds, sinking--sinking.
Howard Schultz|For me, utter failure is to make a film that people pay their money to go see and they don't like.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|I don't know which Bible stories ought to be treated as historically accurate, scientifically provable accounts of facts and which stories are meant to be metaphorical. I don't know if it really matters so long as those stories transform my life.
Carlos Fuentes|Though nihilism has been relentlessly criticized for overemphasizing the dark side of human experience, it might be equally true that this overemphasis represents a needed counterbalance to shallow optimism and arrogant confidence in human power. Nihilism reminds us that we are not gods, and that despite all of the accomplishments and wonders of civilization, humans cannot alter the fact that they possess only a finite amount of mastery and control over their own destinies.
|The past could only control your present and future through your mind. So by all means, guard your mind with the gate of positivity.
Jane Austen|Because of our selfishness and inclination toward personal comfort and convenience, we'd rather not have to deal with constant change and uncertainty. We have difficulty reconciling the goodness of God with the mystery of his ways.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Windy Poplars|It's a fine thing to be clever, but too much cleverness usually produces the same result as ignorance.-Lady Berwick
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Are not half our lives spent in reproaches for foregone actions, of the true nature and consequences of which we were wholly ignorant at the time?
Usman W. Chohan|What is Science Fiction? It is the absence of governance and political arrangements in worlds where advanced technology marches onwards. Petty politics and primal instincts continue to dominate while scientific advancement continues. This is our problem today as well: our brightest minds devote themselves to science but shun governance and politics. So as in each catastrophe conjured and contemplated in science fiction, we run the risk of cosmic destruction, lest our greatest minds turn to resolving the outstanding problems of politics and governance first.
Auliq-Ice|Life during the wedding day can be so simple, but life after the wedding day can be THE HARDEST.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|A bedraggled woman stood on his doorstep in the pouring rain, and his first impulse was to slam the door in her face.	But she had clearly come as far as she could; her pale face was twisted in pain, and she shivered convulsively beneath a denim jacket that was as soaking wet as the rest of her. Long black strands of hair hung down in twisted ribbons like seaweed in the vanishing daylight, reminding him of a sea creature he'd once dated briefly in his more adventurous youth.
Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship|We all have the right to choose our own gods, and worship them. No matter even if it is a stone, an animal or a piece of cake.
Mary Roach, Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife|Please beware," came his reply, "There are a lot of people who believe that just because we don't have an explanation for something, it's quantum mechanics.
Gregory Benford, Shipstar|It was a fitting animal for a priest. Cats guard the secrets of the otherworld and are liaisons with mystic realms. Protectors of esoteric knowledge, cats can open the gates through which a priest can see the future and gain insight.
Nancy Farmer, A Girl Named Disaster|I am she who lifts the mountainsWhen she goes to hunt,Who wears mamba for a headbandAnd a lion for a belt.Beware!I swallow elephants wholeAnd pick my teeth with rhinoceros horns,I drink up rivers to get at the hippos.Let them hear my words!Nhamo is comingAnd her hunger is great.I am she who tosses treesInstead of spears.The ostrich is my pillowAnd the elephant is my footstool!I am NhamoWho makes the river my highwayAnd sends crocodiles scurrying into the reeds!
Bhimsen Sapkota|Every human being asks pertinent questions regarding how to live, what to believe in, and what we aspire to become. Throughout life, we question what desires and principles to value and prioritize – love, friendship, freedom, happiness, creativity, wealth, security. We make difficult decisions based upon what we trust constitutes ethical behavior. We balance out work and play by considering what a person’s time is worth. We encounter both joyful and unpleasant physical experiences. As we age, we modify some of our youthful assumptions and question the existence of a mystical and divine world. We engage in formal and informal educational activities, which edifying foundation support modest or dramatic shifts in our instinctive and learned behavior patterns, and alter our intellectual and emotional perspective. Each person aspires to live honorably and age gracefully despite encountering physical adversity, financial hardships, sickness, or injury.
El Fuego|You were not born to just go to school and work, Discover the world and enjoy your life while you're still young
Abigail George, Feeding The Beasts|Each of our lives is the sum of its parts. No ONE individual is the driving force. And no one person can stall its progression. If everyone plays their position, life evolves without drama, opportunities flourish and ultimately we ALL benefit. When you selfishly overstate your part you only weaken the whole.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In times of your need, you will know your true friends.
James McGreevey|A witness, in the sense that I am using the word, is a man whose life and faith are so completely one that when the challenge comes to step out and testify for his faith, he does so, disregarding all risks, accepting all consequences.
Melchor Lim|I may have trust issues, but some people seem to have an issue with the responsibility of being trusted.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|I've learned so much during my time with cancer. It's taught me a lot about who I am. It revealed to me my true goals and priorities. It introduced me to a brand new world where time isn't wasted, and important things aren't left unsaid. All the while, the superfluities of life are ignored and forgotten. Because I now understand how a person should act, whether confronted by death or not. And it's a shame that's what it takes to scare someone into becoming a conducive, meritable human being.
Harriet Ann Jacobs|There is only one thing that a man really wants to do, all his life; and that is, to find his way to his God, his Morning Star, salute his fellow man, and enjoy the woman who has come the long way with him.
Michael Anthony Arnold|This is a rumour-filled society and if people want to sit around and talk about whom I've dated, then I'd say they have a lot of spare time and should consider other topics. Or masturbation. - Johnny Depp
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|But is there really such a thing as nothing, as nothingness? I don't now. I know we're still here, who knows for how long, ablaze with our care, its ongoing song.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|Wisdom is a dreadfully wonderful gift,giving you great insight but terrible pain that you learn from.
U Thant|To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the making of bread.
Amanda Leigh, Scarred|If the future of the free world depends on me, please accept my apology in advance
Ted Gioia, The History of Jazz|The resulting amalgam - an exotic mixture of European, Caribbean, African, and American elements - made Louisiana into perhaps the most seething ethnic melting pot that the nineteenth century world could produce. This cultural gumbo would serve as breeding ground for many of the great hybrid musics of modern times; not just jazz, but also cajun, zydeco, blues, and other new styles flourished as a result of this laissez-faire environment. In this warm, moist atmosphere, sharp delineations between cultures gradually softened and ultimately disappeared.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|Do not have expectations. We humans are created imperfect, which means that we have flaws
Dianna Agron|When people come and see me, I want them to experience joy. I don't do any sad songs in my show. It's to lift the spirit.
Latif Mercado|The Only Person I'm Prejudice Against, is The Lazy One!
Kygo|I'm thankful for all the things that this job has given me and my family. But probably the thing that I am most proud of throughout my career is that, not only myself, but my family and the people around me have just been regular people, which we are.
Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez!|The stalker, meanwhile, stepped into the road. Didn’t even check for traffic. There wasn’t any, but something told me this was lucky for traffic rather than the stalker.
Lorenzo Carcaterra, Gangster|To make a friend you must close one eye. And to keep a friend, you must close both eyes.
Natalie Dormer|You know, when we get to a point in this country where dissent is extremism, we've turned, I think, a very dark page in our history. And I don't want us to go there. I encourage Americans and I'm - right now, to go to these town hall meetings, to - to talk to your Congressmen, the people that you elected.
Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found|The Shulamite lives by a different set of values. One of the most horrible frauds perpetrated on western couples is 'trust your feelings' or 'follow your heart.' Solomon's family must never be left to whims. A wise Shulamite does not make life decisions based on feelings, alone. She takes God's point-of-view: 'He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool; But whoso walketh wisely, he shall be delivered.' --Pr 28:26For young couples, a hard lesson to learn is: Their hearts will lie to them.pg 3
Ezra Pound|When you go somewhere like Kenya and you see how the children don't have pencils and pens, and all of these things are considered luxuries, and what a privilege they see education as and how hungry they are to learn, I wanted to give my brother and sister long lectures. That definitely stayed with me.
Andre Bramble|One of the supreme paradoxes of baseball, and all sports, is that the harder you try to throw a pitch or hit a ball or accomplish something, the smaller your chances are for success. You get the best results not when you apply superhuman effort but when you let the game flow organically and allow yourself to be fully present. You'll often hear scouts say of a great prospect, "The game comes slow to him." It mean the prospect is skilled and poised enough to let the game unfold in its own time, paying no attention to the angst or urgency or doubt, funnelling all awareness to the athletic task at hand.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|How do you know nonsense isn't a good thing? if human nonsense had been nurtured and developed for centuries, just as intelligence has, then perhaps something extraordinarily previous could have come from it.
Nick Flynn|Everything is about them, not the dying boys and girls in the arena.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|Jerome said, It's like, a family doesn't work anymore when everyone in it is more miserable than they would be if they were alone, You know?
Jodi Picoult|When you stand inside somebody's library, you get a powerful sense of who they are, and not just who they are now but who they've been. . . . It's a wonderful thing to have in a house. It's something I worry is endangered by the rise of the e-book. When you turn off an e-book, there's no map. All that's left behind is a chunk of gray plastic. ~ Lev Grossman
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Change makers don’t think change making is someone else’s job, but rather their calling to fulfill. They take responsibility and face challenges.
Kaitlin Scott, For Danny|Don't worry I won't embarrass you. I'm just going to check out hisfriends. Maybe his grades and definitely his track record with the ladies.”“Jackson Ryan Taylor, I swear to whatever holy being there maybe thatI will personally rip you a...”“Whoa, calm down. She's violent,” he whispered only for Danny. “Can't Ibe concerned?”“Yes, so long as you keep your mouth shut.”“What?”“Not a word, Jack. I mean it.”“Moira...”“Not a word!”I stormed out of the bathroom and that was the end of thatconversation
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Even discomfort or pain delivers awareness of life, and an opportunity for gratitude.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Elizabeth and Her German Garden|Sometimes callers from a distance invade my solitude, and it is on these occasions that I realize how absolutely alone each individual is, and how far away from his neighbour; and while they talk (generally about babies, past, present, and to come), I fall to wondering at the vast and impassable distance that separates one's own soul from the soul of the person sitting in the next chair.
Joyce Meyer|I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds; yet I willingly cure him for the love of God.
L.J. Smith|But she couldn't start this, because then it would end. Stories like this always ended. She couldn't take this pleasure, because she would spend the rest of her life missing it, hurting from it.
Abdullah II of Jordan|The way to kill a man or a nation is to cut off his dreams, the way the whites are taking care of the Indians: killing their dreams, their magic, their familiar spirits.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|There is indeed something deeply wrong with a person who lacks principles, who has no moral core. There are, likewise, certainly values that brook no compromise, and I would count among them integrity, fairness, and the avoidance of cruelty. But I have never accepted the argument that principle is compromised by judging each situation on its own merits, with due appreciation of the idiosyncrasy of human motivation and fallibility.
Neil Gaiman, The Sandman: The Dream Hunters|All that I did," she said, "everything I tried to do. All for nothing." Nothing is done entirely for nothing, said the fox of dreams. Nothing is wasted. You are older, and you have made decisions, and you are not the fox you were yesterday. Take what you have learned, and move on.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|Without music, life would be a mistake.
Lionel Suggs|When you are awake, your mind is limited. When you are dreaming, your mind is unlimited. Creation is a genius. The mind is a powerful aspect to reality, but no one can truly tell you what reality is, or how reality should be. You can only tell yourself. However, what if you can tap into your mental functions, and truly blur the line to the point, that whether you are awake or asleep, your mind makes the world real? What's the difference between bending the world in your dream, and bending the world in reality? The truth is, there is no difference, when you live in imagination.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|When faced with difficulties, a humble, understanding, appreciative and selfless person finds it easy to win a friend. On the other hand, a temperamental, egoistic, condensing, self-absorbed, self-conceited and narrow-minded person who lacks the basic sense of humility easily loses friends when in distress.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Kiss with your soul, where lips can never reach. Touch with your eyes, penetrate deep. Love every part, fully, complete.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|I have hated words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Can anyone capable of genuinely appreciating Mozart and Mizoguchi possibly say that he is not, in that respect, immeasurably better off than someone whose cultural horizon is limited to bingo and The Black and White Minstrel Show? The assimilation will not necessarily make him a better person (a common, and obviously fallacious, assumption), but it will open to him possibilities that are closed to his less fortunate fellow humans. If that is what is meant by an "élite," then I for one shall not willingly sacrifice my membership of it in the name of some perverse and destructive egalitarianism: to put it succinctly, nothing is ever going to come between me and The Magic Flute. It is not, however, an elite from which I would wish anyone to feel excluded: on the contrary, I would like to share my advantages with as many others as possible. That is why I am a teacher.
Minna Antrim|It's how you look at beauty. Is it only an outward appearance with hair and makeup and a hot body, or is it something deeper than that?
Dhiren Prajapati|The infinite loves of two birds were broken. I and You were the two birds. The strong pillars of faith, trust, hope, conviction and whatever that makes a strong building, the building is obviously known as relations, were now go down. Those pillars lose their strength. They were no more able to balance my and yours’s infinite love..Tamanna breaks down
Matthew Henry|Of course his dust would be absorbed in other living things and to that degree at least he would exist again, though it was plain enough that the specific combination which was he would never exist again.
Raymond D. Reifinger III, You Have the Nerve to Call Yourself a Roman Catholic!|The Lord is much like the air around us. The air is all around us, it is everywhere. Even though we can't see it, it is there, we know it is there, because we are breathing. The Lord is everywhere too, you can't see Him, but He is there, we know He is there, because we are breathing. (Page 183)
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|What is happening is something new in my life. I think many people have a sense of shape, of unfolding, in their lives. This sense makes it possible for them to say: Yes, this new person is important to me: he, or she, is the beginning of something I must live through. Or: This emotion, which I have not felt before, is not the alien I believed it to be. It will now be part of me and I must deal with it.It is easy now, looking back over my life to say: That Anna, in that time, was such and such a person. And then, five years later, she was such and such. A year, two years, five years of a certain kind of being can be rolled up and tucked away, or ‘named’ — yes, during that time I was like that. Well now I am in the middle of such a period, and when it is over I shall glance back at it casually and say: Yes, that’s what I was.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|How could any Lord have made this world?... there is no reason, order, justice: but suffering, death, the poor. There was no treachery too base for this world to commit... No happiness lasted.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Beautiful in EVERY shade and size. We’ve got that special something! Our melanin is exquisitely beautiful! Love & embrace the skin that you’re in. Our skin tones represent beauty. Light, brown, and dark skinned girls are equally gorgeous!
J.Adam Snyder|When we choose to reject those who live differently, we murder our humanity.
Andrew Klavan, The Truth of the Matter|I'd left them because I'd loved them. Beth and my parents and my friends and my life-my free, American life. I loved them, and if I had a chance to protect them from the people who wanted to destroy them then I had to take that chance even if it meant I would never see them again.
Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Storming the Castle|Listen up, Mount High-Hair," Gustav barked. "Say what you want about me, but lay off the rest of the team. I've been through a lot of stuff with these people. Nobody can tell me that Fancy Dancer and Lady Slick-Pants aren't heroes. Captain Gloom-Cape over there, too. And even Shrimp Charming has his moments." Briar leaned back in her chair. "I admire your ability to insult your friends *while* you defend them. It's a rare talent.
Cassandra Clare|You know that it's a spiritual connection when you look in someone's eyes, and instead of seeing them you start seeing yourself. This then creates a magnetic overpowering connection that you just cannot resist.
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|Darkness lingered in those blue eyes, like ghosts haunted him despite only the two of them standing in this cabin.
Andrea T. Goeglein, Don't Die Waiting to Be Brave|Don’t Die™ Waiting to Be Brave is about the synchronistic nature of life, love, trust, gratitude, forgiveness and the crooked road of success.
Michelle Obama|Whether it's eight o'clock in the morning or eight o'clock at night, I always try to greet others before they have a chance to speak to me.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|The danger is in what we codify, commodify, and exploit.
Joseph Campbell, A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living|I've also represented people who have committed terrible crimes but nonetheless struggle to recover and to find redemption. I have discovered, deep in the hearts of many condemned and incarcerated people, the scattered traces of hope and humanity - seeds of restoration that come to astonishing life when nurtured by very simple interventions.Proximity has taught me some basic and humbling truths, including this vital lesson: Each of us is more than the worst thing we've ever done. My work with the poor and incarcerated has persuaded me that the opposite of poverty is not wealth; the opposite of poverty is justice. Finally, I've come to believe that the true measure of our commitment to justice, the character of our society, our commitment to the rule of law, fairness, and equality cannot be measured by how we treat the rich, the powerful, the privileged, and the respected among us. The true measure of our character is how we treat the poor, the disfavored, the accused, the incarcerated, and the condemned.We are all implicated when we allow other people to be mistreated. An absence of compassion can corrupt the decency of a community, a state, a nation. Fear and anger can make us vindictive and abusive, unjust and unfair, until we all suffer from the absence of mercy and we condemn ourselves as much as we victimize others. The closer we get to mass incarceration and extreme levels of punishment, the more I believe it's never to recognize that we all need mercy, we all need justice, and - perhaps - we all need some measure of unmerited grace.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Your heightened awareness of their perceptions, experiences, emotions, and personality styles can reveal why they feel the way they do so that you can choose your responses wisely and compassionately.
ParadoxReader|One day you'll be like me" is a waste to say. Instead you should "Someday you'll be better than me.
Grace Murray Hopper|Dawes observed that the complex statistical algorithm adds little or no value. One can do just as well by selecting a set of scores that have some validity for predicting the outcome and adjusting the values to make them comparable (by using standard scores or ranks). A formula that combines these predictors with equal weights is likely to be just as accurate in predicting new cases as the multiple-regression formula that was optimal in the original sample. More recent research went further: formulas that assign equal weights to all the predictors are often superior, because they are not affected by accidents of sampling.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|But it's not enough to be in love. It's about how you spend your days, what you do together, who you choose as friends, and most of all it's what work you do ... Better to break both our hearts now than watch them wither away over time.
P.A.  Ross, The Birth of Vengeance|I am Thorn, and I have come to make you bleed,
Sarah Price, Sense and Sensibility: An Amish Retelling of Jane Austen's Classic|Secrets are foolish creatures, I have learned. No longer do I wish to play with fools.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.
Robert A. Heinlein|And how can you say I love you to someone you love? I rolled onto my side and fell asleep next to her. Here is the point of everything I have been trying to tell you, Oskar. It's always necessary.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Civilized Man says: I am Self, I am Master, all the rest is other--outside, below, underneath, subservient. I own, I use, I explore, I exploit, I control. What I do is what matters. What I want is what matter is for. I am that I am, and the rest is women & wilderness, to be used as I see fit.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|How about you, Mockingjay? You feel totally safe?” “Oh, yeah. Right up until I got shot,” I say.
Paula Poundstone, There's Nothing in This Book That I Meant to Say|It is my wish to die of unique causes, perhaps in a high-speed tricycle crash, a bizarre stapling incient, or as a result of inadvertently sucking my brains out through my ear while trying to untwist the vacuum hose.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Government can easily exist without laws, but law cannot exist without government.
Ben Roethlisberger|Coming from an Asian culture, I was always taught to respect my elders, to be a better listener than a talker.
Ally Condie, Reached|Some people think the stars must look closer from up here. They don't.When you're up here, you realize how distant they really are--how impossible to reach.
Carl Jung|The equal right of all citizens to health, education, work, food, security, culture, science, and wellbeing - that is, the same rights we proclaimed when we began our struggle, in addition to those which emerge from our dreams of justice and equality for all inhabitants of our world - is what I wish for all.
Umair Naeem, Drowning Shadows|I am a terrible judge of character' "I don't think so. You just need to take note of FACTS from the outset, not feelings.
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|COMMITMENT WITH WORK IS WORSHIP ATTITUDE BY EXPERTISM SPIRIT IN ALL HUMAN OFFICIAL DEALINGS IS LACKING AROUND IN THIS MODERN CENTURY GLOBE IN SPECIFIC IN YOUTH AND IN GENERAL IN ADULTS.IT IS A DANGEROUS SINGNAL FLASH AND ALARM BELL TO FUTURE WORLD GAME DRIVE.SO,BE READY TO PLUG-UP LOOP-HOLES IN TIME IF NOT?GOD WILL GIVE US A GRAND LESSION SLAP WHAT WE MODERN HUMANS NEED IN THIS CENTURY
Richard Manning, Against the Grain: How Agriculture Has Hijacked Civilization|The university system, a gift of Western civilization to the world, was developed by the Catholic Church.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|On the girl’s brown legs there were many small white scars. I was thinking, Do those scars cover the whole of you, like the stars and moons on your dress? I thought that would be pretty too, and I ask you right here please to agree with me that a scar is never ugly. That is what the scar makers want us to think. But you and I, we must make an agreement to defy them. We must see all scars a s beauty. Okay? This will be our secret. Because take it from me, a scar does not form on the dying. A scar means, ‘I survived’.In a few breaths’ time I will speak some sad words to you. But you must hear them as we have agreed to see scars now. Sad words are just another beauty. A sad story means the storyteller is alive. The next thing you know, something fine will happen to her, something marvellous, and then she will turn round and smile.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|Look, you have been told everything. Lift up your eyes and look at the cloud and the light within it and the stars surrounding it. And the star that leads the way is your star." So Judas lifted up his eyes and saw the luminous cloud, and he entered it.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I allow myself to rest deeply and be rejuvenated, trusting the love of the angels to support and hold me for my highest good.
Quran 8 42|We were the most humiliated people on earth and God gave us honour through Islam. If we ever seek honour through anything else, God will humiliate us again.
Kate Grenville, The Lieutenant|The English language is the tongue now current in England and her colonies throughout the world and also throughout the greater part of the United States of America. It sprang from the German tongue spoken by the Teutons, who came over to Britain after the conquest of that country by the Romans. These Teutons comprised Angles, Saxons, Jutes and several other tribes from the northern part of Germany. They spoke different dialects, but these became blended in the new country, and the composite tongue came to be known as the Anglo-Saxon which has been the main basis for the language as at present constituted and is still the prevailing element.
H.G. Wells, The Outline of History, Vols. I and II|Jesus was a penniless teacher who wandered about the dusty sun-bit country of Judea, living upon casual gifts of food; yet he is always represented clean, combed, and sleek, in spotless raiment, erect, and with something motionless about him as though he was gliding through the air. This alone has made him unreal and incredible to many people who cannot distinguish the core of the story from the ornamental and unwise additions of the unintelligently devout.
Dan Vyleta, Pavel & I|John Grady looked at the table. The paper cat stepped thin and slant among the shapes of cats thereon. He looked up again. Yessir, he said. Just me and him.
Diego Luna|There can be no greater error than to expect, or calculate, upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to discard.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If my path is right, let it be your path; if your path is right, let it be my path!
Desi Puspitasari|no one could ever push you to write or become a writer, except yourself.
Ian Mckellen|Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book.
Marty Rubin|Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Nancy B. Brewer, The House with the Red Light|Two hundred and fifty years of nameless, faceless, forgotten individuals. Yes, they were America's founding fathers and mothers as much as the bewigged white men who laid the whips upon their backs. Why didn't Lina know their names? Why hadn't she studied their histories? Where was the monument? Where was the museum? What had they wished for and worked for and loved?
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|the stronger the wall you surround your heart with, the harder you'll fall when love breaks and enters...
Peter Høeg|When you're young, you think that sex is the culmination of intimacy. Later you discover that it's barely the beginning.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|Create the job, we wish to have.
K. Martin Beckner, Chips of Red Paint|I'm good. And it's good to see you've kept up the tradition of getting the holy shit beat out of you,even when you're in a nice, civilized place.
Franz Schubert|Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, The Drowning Girl|He tried to sleep, but his head was filled with the faces of lunatics, their palsied hands, their shattered eyes.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We need to study the Word of God diligently. But we don't need to know more. We need to do more with what we know. At the end of the day, God will not say, "Well thought, Intellectual," or "Well said, Orator." There is only one commendation: "Well done, good and faithful servant!
Woody Allen, Three One-act Plays: Riverside Drive/Old Saybrook/Central Park West|The doctor was not, he thought, really sure that anyone else existed, and wanted to prove they did by helping them.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|The water wasn't the same down here. Water is what runs out of the kitchen taps or a playground drinking fountain. It fills bathubs and pools and yes, of course, the ocean- but at a certain depth, water becomes a barrier from all you remember, all you think you know.You're trapped within it, a plaything of it.Focus erodes. Your thoughts mutate. The pressure.The pressure.The soul can't cope with that. It shouldn't be expected to.Humans weren't built for this. There's a reason nothing lives down here.Or nothing should.
Thea Hillman, Intersex|You have no understanding of the warrior code at all. What you've done here proves it. You've risked the lives of young kits... by leaving them alone here. Anything could have happened to them. They could have been lost. They could have died. My kits could have died. But you didn't just betray me. You betrayed the entire Clan. You did all this... and you never considered how it would make any of us feel. The Clan is a family, Sol. A community. And you're incapable of thinking about anyone but yourself.
Gabrielle Union|I wish that all of nature's magnificence, the emotion of the land, the living energy of place could be photographed.
Evita Ochel|The ability to control the devil in you, defines the strength of your conscience!
Richie Norton|Are you setting business goals? Try this:Step 1: Add a "0" to your revenue goal.Step 2: Take away a "0" from your expense goal.Step 3: Let your mind go to work.Thank me later.
Ian B.G. Burns|A boy, Ranga, is the light in his father’s eye and the love in his mother’s heart.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The student can read as fast as his mind will let him, not as slow as his eyes make him.
George Orwell|What can the England of 1940 have in common with the England of 1840? But then, what have you in common with the child of five whose photograph your mother keeps on the mantelpiece? Nothing, except that you happen to be the same person.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|Deceit is a tool of statecraft," Irulan agreed."There are limits to power, as those who put their hopes in a constitution always discover," Paul said.
Adele Devine, Flying Starts for Unique Children: Top Tips for Supporting Children with SEN or Autism When They Start School|Love every child without condition, listen with an open heart, get to know who they are, what they love, and follow more often than you lead.
A.J. Jacobs|Think of negative speech as verbal pollution. And that's what I've been doing: visualizing insults and gossip as a dark cloud, maybe one with some sulfur dioxide. Once you've belched it out, you can't take it back. As grandma said, if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all. The interesting this is, the less often I vocalize my negative thoughts, the fewer negative thoughts I cook up in the first place.
Diane von Furstenberg|Woman, or more precisely put, perhaps, marriage, is the representative of life with which you are meant to come to terms.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|In order to sell, salespersons have to correctly evaluate and cater to customer choices.
Haruki Murakami|Quizás aun no te comprenda. Pero, con un poco de tiempo, llegaré a entenderte. Y no habrá nadie en el mundo que te comprenda mejor que yo.
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|Bard eyed him like he was manure on her shoes at the same time she did things, like sharpen a wooden stake, something she knew didn't work on him, but that was not her point, even if she was making one.
Shelley K. Wall|From Flood, Flash, and Pheromones--coming soon:In the torrential downpour with water swirling that threatened to pull her down, she didn’t see the voice’s owner. The hurricane had blessed the entire city with a surprise drenching. All weather reports had predicted it to pass over with sporadic rainfall but that didn’t happen. The storm settled over Houston as if it had no intention to move on. Cassie flailed in panic as the roof of her car disappeared under the water twenty feet beyond. She prayed once more that the container in it was watertight. And that she’d see her car again. Then she concentrated on living. Where had the voice come from?
David Brewster, More Worlds Than One: The Creed of the Philosopher and the Hope of the Christian|Of course, he sees creation as discovery. I mean, everything is already created, by the first cause---call it God if you like; everything is already there to be found.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When you think there is nothing left to improve on, your business dies, for there is no shortage of innovators
Sahara Sanders|If I'm not a writer, who am I?
Kamini Arichandran|And I never felt more alive, until I spread my wings and flew away. Flew away with the ravens. It was then that I knew, knew that I was one of them, even though I was red. Red with blood and anger and hate. They accepted me, as The Red Raven.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Psalms teaches us how to relate to God, and Proverbs teaches us how to relate to others.
Eugene Cernan|When an animal dies, it gives you the chance to love another animal. That's an insightful and profound way to look at it.
Fuyumi Ono, The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow|The cold stars spun to the ancient rhythm, the august march of an everlasting symphony. They are old, the stars, and their memory is long.
Suzanne Wright, Savage Urges|...I blink back the threat of tears, swiped at my nose and narrowed my eyes. "Listen to me, you two bags of monkey shit, "I yelled. "I am not in a good mood. My car keeps stalling. The day before yesterday I threw up on Joe Morelli. I was called a fat cow by my ex-husband. And if that isn't enough...my hair is ORANGE! ORANGE, FOR CHRISSAKE! And now you have the gall to force yourself into my home and threaten my hamster. Well, you have gone too far. You have crossed the line!
Wernher von Braun|Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|This process of breaking the old habits and making new ones requires strategic planning. Your vision is your why, while your strategic plan is your how. Even though the details are essential and knowing your numbers are important, it is the burning desire in your heart that will get you to the outcome you expect.
Bud Rock|Well written and easy to enjoy." executive director of Association of Science and Technology Museums
James E. Faust|If I go into a relationship with an artist, which at most is going to last five years, we have a 100-page contract covering every eventuality. Whereas with marriage you go into it with no contract, with laws that date back hundreds of years, and I don't think that's right.
Jayne Bauling, In Pursuit of Love|There is a third quality to friendship, and it is not as easy to put into a single word. The right word, literally, is "sympathy" - sym-pathos, common passion. This means that friendships are discovered more than they are created at will.
Anthon St. Maarten|That is normal...To be afraid. Do not let anyone tell you any different. No one can ever say that what you feel is right or wrong, or pointless or unworthy of your time. That is a truth for you to decide. Ignorance is bliss, but there comes a time when you must open your eyes and face the truth—when you must be honest with yourself.
Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie|The silence was killing me.And that's all there ever was. Silence. It was all I knew. Keep quiet. Pretend nothing had happened, that nothing was wrong. And look how well that was turning out.
Ron Brackin|Faith is such a wonderful thing. Without it, we would be panicky when we feel like we're standing alone and when the things we need and yearn for seem to be beyond our reach.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "New Year's Eve" The last day you can do all the things you are resolving to give up-until you give up on your New Year's resolutions.
Orrin Hatch|The citizens of New Hampshire expect and deserve a government as clean as our mountain streams and as open as our blue skies. Today let us pledge together to make this government - the people's government - clean, open and honest.
Tanya Masse|You should base everything on what you see with your own eyes, hear with your own ears and feel with your own heart. Period. Always believe what you KNOW about a person, not what you HEAR.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|It is a good initiative for the dreams that would change one society to be nursed in another environment, before being transplanted to strive in its original environment for the change process to begin!
Emma  Hart, Late Call|I forgive him, But I don´t know if I trully trust him, and this is funny thing about trust. You can love and forgive, but you don´t necessarily trust, Broken hearts and promises can be fixed so easily because they break in different way than trust, When trust is broken, it´s shattered into thousand pieces. And sometimes, it´s never put back together the same way.
Diana Butler Bass, Christianity for the Rest of Us: How the Neighborhood Church Is Transforming the Faith|The moment that we think we know, we’ve lost our perspective on wisdom.
Clyde Edgerton|As a child, as a cinemagoer, I think there is nothing better than being in a cinema or watching a film. I think it's just a while magical... it almost feels like you're at a big party in India, where you're singing, you're dancing, you're laughing, you're crying, you feel like you're at a wedding because our films invariably cover all emotions.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy. Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in atotally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages, conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the true name, or legal identity, of the other. Interactions over networks will be untraceable, via extensive rerouting of encrypted packets and tamper-proof boxes which implement cryptographic protocols with nearly perfect assurance against any tampering. Reputations will be of central importance, far more important in dealings than even the credit ratings of today. These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the ability to keep information secret, and will even alter the nature of trust and reputation.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|A heart can learn ever so many tricks, and what sort of beast it becomes depends greatly upon whether it has been taught to sit up or to lie down, to speak or to beg, to roll over or to sound alarms, to guard or to attack, to find or to stay
Chris Grosser|Opportunity, after all, is only another word for temptation.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The philosophical study of beauty, art, and the splendor of nature nurtures a person’s fertile mind by exposing a person to the puzzling world of the beautiful, elegant, ugly, and grotesque. Human beings ability to experience sublime pleasure emanates from a variety of sensory experiences and a person’s ability to make discriminatory observations and judgment in taste and sentiment.
Isaac Bashevis Singer, Naftali the Storyteller and His Horse, Sus and Other Stories|Life is a big story. Music is just one way to tell it, to realize how many tales all kinds of people share.
Shelly Laurenston, Here Kitty, Kitty!|Dear God in heaven.”  Nik and Ban turned away, but Alek stood. Transfixed. “My God, y’all. She’s the worst goddamn dancer I’ve ever seen.”  “Turn away. It’ll hurt your eyes. Turn away!
Carroll Shelby|My son has taken liking for sports and is most of the time playing cricket and football. It is so much fun being with them, as I'm enjoying every phase of motherhood.
Stefan Emunds|If you truly love someone, he or she will inevitably love you back. If you find yourself in an emotional one way street, walk away! Trust that it’s not love.
Richie Norton|A brand is a person that has a voice, evokes emotion and spreads a message.
Courtney Thorne-Smith|Every morning, I eat one fat-free yogurt with a sliced peach when peaches are in season, and one thin slice of whole-wheat bread. The same thing. I don't want to get fat. And I want to keep my fitness.
Thomas S. Monson|Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
Michael Piller, Fade In: The Writing of Star Trek: Insurrection|As I approach a new project, my process always begins with the question: what is it about? Here’s one answer that might apply to a Star Trek movie... I want it to be about the most horrible, treacherous aliens ever known to man who are about to destroy life as we know it, leading to the most spectacular thrill ride of an adventure with fantastic space battles and huge explosions and great special effects -- a white knuckle ride for the movie audience. Yeah, but what’s it about?I can write space battles with the best of them, but what makes that space battle interesting to me is: why are they fighting? What are the stakes? What does the hero lose if he loses? And what does he win if he wins? Why should we care? I'm talking about the second level of story-telling. The level that examines what's going on inside the characters — their moral and ethical dilemmas, their doubts, fears, inner conflicts, how they change as the story progresses. These are the things that make us, as members of an audience, get emotionally involved.
Taylor Stevens, The Doll|One foot in front of the other, more aimless than direct, Bradford left the waiting room for the outside world. Called for a taxi and then dialed Munroe again, desperate for her voice, for one ray of light in the darkness, afraid of what he might say if she did answer, afraid of himself and the inner deadening that pointed to a danger far more lethal than any rage he'd felt.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|Then I had to decide if I needed to wear shoes that kicked ass or were good for ass kicking, on account of there's a difference you know. ~ Finger Lickin' Fifteen
Mishi McCoy|We shouldn’t deny ourselves the joyful, peaceful delight in continuing to look up at the glorious, starlit sky. One simply cannot deny its beauty; but I insist that, as you do, remember that you too are a star, a supernova. You emit a magnificent intensity of your own. Not only can you look up, you can look within and be astonished at the glory and splendor of your own being.You shine with your own light. Let it shine! Let it shine! Let it shine!
Brigitte Bardot|I'm quite comfortable looking at myself in movies, probably because I've been doing it for so long, since I was a kid. So I sort of watched myself grow up and go through adolescence, like, basically on camera.
Stephen Leacock|I really want a Christmas in New York one year, when it's snowing. Like, it's Christmas morning, and you have a fight with someone, and you run down the street, and it's snowing, and you can't find them.
Jules Verne|Still, for long the love of science triumphed over all other feelings. He became an artist deeply impressed by the marvels of art, a philosopher to whom no one of the higher sciences was unknown, a statesman versed in the policy of European courts. To the eyes of those who observed him superficially he might have passed for one of those cosmopolitans, curious of knowledge, but disdaining action; one of those opulent travelers, haughty and cynical, who move incessantly from place to place, and are of no country.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Basil, my dear boy, puts everything that is charming about him into his work. The consequence is that he has nothing left for life but his prejudices, his principles, and his common sense. The only artists I have ever known who are personally delightful are bad artists. Good artists give everything to their art, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in themselves. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures.
Paul Theroux|In travel, as in many other experiences in life, once is usually enough.
Francis de Sales|The man who does good in doubt must have so much more merit than one who does it in the bright certainty of belief. "Other sheep I have which are not of this fold..." A warning against the smugness of inherited faith.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|To bring about the new takes not just a development of the old, but a radical leap forward - revolutionary and transforming - and that requires extra factors that were not present before.
Julie Wilson, Seen Reading|Public transit situates us so that we are given license to accept what's right in front of us, but will likely arouse our desire to compare our narrative to someone else's, to give ourselves permission to speculate upon a person's private space, or life, with no fear of recourse or punishment.
Natalie Goldberg|For me, every photograph is a portrait; the clothes are just a vehicle for what I want to say. You're photographing a relationship with the person you're shooting; there's an exchange, and that's what that picture is.
Julia Mills, Her Love, Her Dragon: The Saga Begins|Is breá liom tú le mo chroí go, anois agus go deo.” "And I love you with all my heart, now and forever, Manus O'Brien.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Ignorance is king. Many would not profit by his abdication. Many enrich themselves by means of his dark monarchy. They are his Court, and in his name they defraud and govern, enrich themselves and perpetuate their power. Even literacy they fear, for the written word is another channel of communication that might cause their enemies to become united. Their weapons are keen-honed, and they use them with skill. They will press the battle upon the world when their interests are threatened, and the violence which follows will last until the structure of society as it now exists is leveled to rubble, and a new society emerges. I am sorry. But that is how I see it.
Dana Reinhardt, Harmless|Sometimes things happen. Things happen even when you don't intend them to happen. Maybe at the beginning you had good intentions, or no intentions, or intentions you thought were harmless, but before you knew it things got out of control....Sometimes things take on a life of their own. You become powerless. There is nothing you can do to stop certain things from happening.
Sherri L. King, The Jewel|All beings desire pleasure, a surcease of need or want, and there is no shame in that.
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam, Tomorrow's Eve|Within this new work of art a creature from beyond the reach of Humanity has insinuated herself and now lurks there at the heart of the mystery, a power unimagined before our time.
Rebecca McNutt|These days we have Smartphones, Smartcars, Smartboards, Smarteverything, but consider this: if technology is getting smarter, does that mean humans are getting dumber?
Will Poulter|If a lawyer, if a teacher, if a bus driver, if they're on $40,000 and they get offered a lot more to go somewhere else, what do you think they're going to do?
Robert K. Greenleaf, Servant Leadership: A Journey Into the Nature of Legitimate Power and Greatness|There are no commitments, only bargains. And they have to be made again every day. You think making a commitment is it. Finish. You think it sets like a concrete platform and it'll take any strain you want to put on it. You're committed. You don't have to prove anything. In fact you can afford a little neglect, indulge in a little bit of sarcasm here and there, isolate yourself when you want to. Underneath it's concrete for life. I'm a cow in some ways, but you're an idiot.
Tiffany Luard|Allow not, the shallow intentions or vile aspirations of others to taint your heart; Love always. - With an abundance of positivity you will counter the negative, always.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|India shaped my mind, anchored my identity, influenced my beliefs, and made me who I am. ... India matters to me and I would like to matter to India.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|She continued her own studies, principally attending to German, and to Literature; and every Sunday she went alone to the German and English chapels. Her walks too were solitary, and principally taken in the allée défendue, where she was secure from intrusion. This solitude was a perilous luxury to one of her temperament; so liable as she was to morbid and acute mental suffering.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|The reason death sticks so closely to life isn't biological necessity--it's envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|A sob caught in my chest. I didn't even know what a gray was, other than a drab color. All I knew was that I was hungry all the time. And I knew, deep down, that it wasn't just for food.
Ryan Tedder|Hip-hop and electronic music are so similar, in the fact that they're both very visceral, have so much bass; a lot of times, it's the same tempos. The culture and some of the sound design is different but a lot of times, it's the same stuff.
Breanna Hayse, The Game Plan|You like it dirty; I do too. Be filthy; beg me for it. Be a complete cock whore.""You like being forced to just lay there and wait for me. I like it too. You look so good all open and ready for my cock. Just being still and obedient like a good little cock whore.
Ali-Ollie Woodson|Each has its lesson; for our dreams in sooth, come they in shape of demons, gods, or elves, are allegories with deep hearts of truth that tell us solemn secrets of ourselves.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Let us crush these so-called biological clocks that give us nothing but fear, and encourage us to make stupid decisions. Let us crush these biological clocks that hurt us and rob us of the fabulous lives that Jesus died to give us. These clocks that not only hurt us, but hurt many generations after us.It is time. We need you.
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|He [Stanley] had stated that he longed to do something wonderful for the African tribes along the Congo, and instead, as would become all too apparent, had set them up for a terrible fate. In 1877 he came down the great river as the first European ever to do so, declaring his hope that the Congo should become like `a torch to those who sought to do good'." Instead, it became the torch that attracted the archexploiter King Leopold II of Belgium.
Bernard Cornwell, Enemy of God|Lord, she really hoped that was his penis and that Greek gods didn’t pad their briefs.
Mike Pence|The wicked leader is he who the people despise. The good leader is he who the people revere. The great leader is he who the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|I have to go," I say, helpless.What makes you say the opposite of what every cell in your body wants you to say?
Liam Gallagher|I would like a man now who is rich, and who can give me a boat - a sailboat. I want to own it and let him pay for it. My first love is the sea and water, not music. Music is second.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Mom's eyes held yours for a moment. 'I don't like or dislike the kitchen. I cooked because I had to. I had to stay in the kitchen so you could all eat and go to school. How could you only do what you like? There are things you have to do whether you like it or not.' Mom's expression asked, What kind of question is that? And then she murmured, 'If you only do what you like, who's going to do what you don't like?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When comprehending how different people truly are, you also comprehend the absolute necessity of some divine authority.
Maria Weston Chapman|Often, these downplay the power of cultural imperialism - in that sense, playing the game of US interests - by reassuring us that the global success of American mass culture is not as bad as all that.
Chris Burkmenn|Beginning is scary, exciting, terrifying, and all things amazing. Begin even when you're not sure.....What do you have to lose?
Caterpillar from Alice|...that's the essence of me - I don't think, I feel - at best, I think-feel...
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|...and that's when I get to wondering, what would happen if I told her she something good, ever day?
Yukio Mishima, Confessions of a Mask|When I arrived at the house in the suburbs that night I seriously contemplated suicide for the first time in my life. But as I thought about it, the idea became exceedingly tiresome, and I finally decided it would be a ludicrous business. I had an inherent dislike of admitting defeat. Moreover, I told myself, there's no need for me to take such decisive action myself, not when I'm surrounded by such a bountiful harvest of death—death in an air raid, death at one's post of duty, death in the military service, death on the battlefield, death from being run over, death from disease—surely my name has already been entered in the list for one of these: a criminal who has been sentenced to death does not commit suicide. No—no matter how I considered, the season was not auspicious for suicide. Instead I was waiting for something to do me the favor of killing me. And this, in the final analysis, is the same as to say that I was waiting for something to do me the favor of keeping me alive.
Erin Hanson|Why must it be so hard For us to come to understand,That there are things we cannot changeHidden amongst the things we can?For we can rearrange our hearts,Dust out the corners of our minds,We can teach our eyes to seeOnly the things we wish to find.Yet once we decorate our wallsAnd sweep our sorrows off the floor,Why do we look to someone else,To show us how we can be more?For here is where the line Between our can and can't gets tough,Just the point at which we all must learnThat we are already enough,That since we cannot choose the home,Our only soul was born into,We should rearrange its roomsBut learn to love its window's view.
Melissa C. Walker, Unbreak My Heart|It almost felt like we were driving in our own world--like we were inside a snow globe--and there was music and sunlight and smiles and laughter floating in the air. And it was all self-contained in a beautiful bubble filled with glittering water that made things seem a little unreal, a little dream-like and hazy.
Anna Held|Yes, I am seeking a husband. As soon as the right man asks me, I shall say, 'It is not good for a woman to live alone.'
Steve  Austin, Self-Care for the Wounded Soul: 21 Days of Messy Grace|I have gained wisdom from leaning into my pain, in not allowing the hounds of hell to snap at my heels anymore. Now I turn around, call them by name, and let them know I am prepared to fight.
Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jumpstart Your Income, Your Life, Your Success|Consider every choice carefully, no matter how small, for it will affect the bigger decisions you make.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Instead of thinking 'law of attraction', think 'unlimited abundance'.
Charles Dickens, The Pickwick Papers|It is the fate of most men who mingle with the world, and attain even the prime of life, to make many real friends, and lose them in the course of nature. It is the fate of all authors or chroniclers to create imaginary friends, and lose them in the course of art. Nor is this the full extent of their misfortunes; for they are required to furnish an account of them besides.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|There are some situations which men understand by instinct, by which reason is powerless to explain; in such cases the greatest poet is he who gives utterance to the most natural and vehement outburst of sorrow. Those who hear the bitter cry are as much impressed as if they listened to an entire poem, and when th sufferer is sincere they are right in regarding his outburst as sublime.
Kieran Harper|You know you've found love when they have: a smile that melts you, an innocence that soothes, a presences that glows and a trust in them that grows. - For Lydia
Gift Gugu Mona|Never let fear control you, let faith take control.
Dean Koontz, Lightning|She would have thought that working and living in continuous happiness, harmony, and security day after day would lead to mental lethargy, that her writing would suffer from too much happiness, that she needed a balanced life with down days and miseries to keep the sharp edge on her work. But the idea that an artist needed to suffer to do her best work was a conceit of the young and inexperienced. The happier she grew, the better she wrote.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|By first believing in Santa Claus, then the Easter Bunny, then the Tooth Fairy, Rant Casey was recognizing that those myths are more than pretty stories and traditions to delight children. Or to modify behavior. Each of those three traditions asks a child to believe in the impossible in exchange for a reward. These are stepped-up tests to build a child's faith and imagination. The first test is to believe in a magical person, with toys as the reward. The second test is to trust in a magical animal, with candy as the reward. The last test is the most difficult, with the most abstract reward: To believe, trust in a flying fairy that will leave money. From a man to an animal to a fairy. From toys to candy to money. Thus, interestingly enough, transferring the magic of faith and trust from sparkling fairy-dom to clumsy, tarnished coins. From gossamer wings to nickels... dimes... and quarters. In this way, a child is stepped up to greater feats of imagination and faith as he or she matures. Beginning with Santa in infancy, and ending with the Tooth Fairy as the child acquires adult teeth. Or, plainly put, beginning with all the possibility of childhood, and ending with an absolute trust in the national currency. 
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Diaries|Nico: With great power, comes the great need to take a nap.
Joyce Vissell|An unresolved issue will be like a cancer with the potential to spread into other areas of your relationship, eroding the joy, lightness, love and beauty.
Cocoy McCoy|We had firsthand witnessed the ethereal evil of crushing hope just when it had peaked—like an open door, visible to you as you approach it from miles away, just closing on you when you have only two more yards to go.
Rebecca Stead, When You Reach Me|The greatest thing a human soul ever does in this world is to see something and what it saw in a plain way. To see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion--all in one.
Sheila Burke|When I think of Tao, I think of the artist Bob Ross and his famous painting techniques. I can hear him say, “It’s your tree, you can make it look any way you want to.
Maya Angelou|Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.
Sunday Adelaja|If you know who you are, it reduces your fear of trials
Sunday Adelaja|Never disregard people, regardless of their beliefs, because we all carry God’s likeness
Kerstin Gier, Emerald Green|Did you know that Gideon and I were trained in Krav Maga?" Charlotte took another step closer to me, and I automatically took one back."No, but did /you/ know that at this moment you look like that crazy rodent in Ice Age?
Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka|Wonderful?" wrote J.O. Young in his diary. "To stand cheering, crying, waving your hat and acting like a damn fool in general. No one who has spent all but 16 days of the this war as a Nip prisoner can really know what it means to see 'Old Sammy' buzzing around over camp.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|She would rather remain silent, but her voice is no longer something to fear. It’s strong. Powerful. A weapon of emotions.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu|Take one day at a time and be aware that every moment and interaction serves a purpose. We are here to learn, love, and share.
Miguel de Cervantes|The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.
Joanne Harris, The Gospel of Loki|I'm only keeping in touch with you for the sake of the children. Way to look after our son, by the way. I let you have him for the weekend and before I know it he's chained underground, awaiting Last Times and stinking of mead.
Regina Brett|I have a great deal of sympathy for reluctant readers because I was one. I would do anything to avoid reading. In my case, it wasn't until I was 13 and discovered the 'Lord of the Rings' that I learned to love reading.
John C. Bogle, Enough: True Measures of Money, Business, and Life|As I have earlier noted, the most important things in life and in business can’t be measured. The trite bromide 'If you can measure it, you can manage it' has been a hindrance in the building a great real-world organization, just as it has been a hindrance in evaluating the real-world economy. It is character, not numbers, that make the world go ‘round. How can we possibly measure the qualities of human existence that give our lives and careers meaning? How about grace, kindness, and integrity? What value do we put on passion, devotion, and trust? How much do cheerfulness, the lilt of a human voice, and a touch of pride add to our lives? Tell me, please, if you can, how to value friendship, cooperation, dedication, and spirit. Categorically, the firm that ignores the intangible qualities that the human beings who are our colleagues bring to their careers will never build a great workforce or a great organization.
Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton|And he looked at me then, and with real kindness on his face, and I see now that he recognized what I did not: that in spite of my plenitude, I was lonely. Lonely was the first flavor I had tasted in my life, and it was always there, hidden inside the crevices of my mouth, reminding me.
Booth Tarkington, The Magnificent Ambersons|Doesn't matter what you do, or how you do it, your neighbors are gonna talk about you ANYWAY.
Sydney Smith, Dictionary of Burning Words of Brilliant Writers: A Cyclopaedia of Quotations, from the Literature of All Ages|The fact is that in order to do anything in this world worth doing, we must not stand shivering on the bank thinking of the cold and the danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can.
T.S. Eliot|Oh my soul, be prepared for the coming of the Stranger.Be prepared for him who knows how to ask questions.There is one who remembers the way to your door:Life you may evade, but Death you shall not.You shall not deny the Stranger.They constantly try to escapeFrom the darkness outside and withinBy dreaming of systems so perfect that no one will need to be good.But the man that is shall shadowThe man that pretends to be.
Addie Zierman, When We Were on Fire: A Memoir of Consuming Faith, Tangled Love, and Starting Over|You'd been in Sunday school long enough to know how the story goes: the voice of God comes down from the sky and asks you to go where you don't want to go, to do what you don't want to do. And you have to do it anyway.
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|When we're determined to reach an objective, it's the gap between where we are and where we aspire to be that lights a fire under us.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Possibly the most debilitating deception of all is to create a god of my own making, fool myself into believing that this limp god of mine is the true God, and then construct the entirety of my life on this flamboyantly fictional character. Possibly the most devastating realization of all is when the real God shows up, and in the showing up all of this come crashing down.
Valverde MacLean, The Disappearance of Merry: An Historic Australian Goldfield, an Old Romance, an Older Mystery, Present Day Danger|Daily we make decisions, sometimes small, sometimes large, that affect our lives.Usually we know the events and people that influence these decisions.However sometimes we have no knowledge, and may never know, of the events and people that change the course of our lives.
Banani Ray, Flow Yoga The Mindful Path of Action for Transforming Stress into Happiness|The lack of mindfulness often makes us carry the unnecessary possessions, stale ideologies and rotten relationships along, which unnecessarily clutter our lives and consciousness, and stagnate our growth.
Blake Crouch, Draculas|The first handkerchief was tied to a second, yellow handkerchief. He fed both through the window and kept pulling. Attached to it was a red one. Then a green one. “Go away, you goddamn clown!” Jenny ordered. But Benny the Clown continued to pull out handkerchief after handkerchief. Five…ten…fifteen…then… That’s not a handkerchief.
Faith Sullivan, Unexpected|Monsters don't born they made, but still monsters can love.
Allan Beck|Look at that," he said. "How the ink bleeds." He loved the way it looked, to write on a thick pillow of the pad, the way the thicker width of paper underneath was softer and allowed for a more cushiony interface between pen and surface, which meant more time the two would be in contact for any given point, allowing the fiber of the paper to pull, through capillary action, more ink from the pen, more ink, which meant more evenness of ink, a thicker, more even line, a line with character, with solidity. The pad, all those ninety-nine sheets underneath him, the hundred, the even number, ten to the second power, the exponent, the clean block of planes, the space-time, really, represented by that pad, all of the possible drawings, graphs, curves, relationships, all of the answers, questions, mysteries, all of the problems solvable in that space, in those sheets, in those squares.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet, Prince of Denmark|ROSENCRANTZ My lord, you must tell us where the body is, and go with us to the king.HAMLET The body is with the king, but the king is not with the body. The king is a thing -GUILDENSTERN A thing my lord?HAMLET Of nothing. Bring me to him. Hide fox, and all after!
James Lee Burke, Light of the World|Vassily cleared his throat, probably impatient with Gabriel's bookshelf manners. 'You'll have to excuse me,' Gabriel said, putting back the booklet, 'I have a severe addiction to ink.''Don't we all?' Vassily nodded. 'Thank God we have other addictions to assuage it a little.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|In order to deserve, we must pay our dues and steadily work for perfection. We must relish in struggle, and relinquish pride. We must dispel fear and seek enlightenment. We must shun division and honor love. We must know our hearts and seek to understand others. We must try, live, create, feel, grow and love.
Lao Tzu|Doing Good is a simple and universal vision. A vision to which each and every one of us can connect and contribute to its realisation. A vision based on the belief that by doing good deeds, positive thinking and affirmative choice of words, feelings and actions, we can enhance goodness in the world.
Judith Schalansky, Atlas of Remote Islands|Consulting maps can diminish the wanderlust that they awaken,as the act of looking at them can replace the act of travel. But looking at maps is much more than an act of aesthetic replacement. Anyone who opens an atlas wants everything at once, without limits--the whole world. This longing will always be great, far greater than any satisfaction to be had by attaining what is desired. Give me an atlas over a guidebook any day. There is no more poetic book in the world.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Man wants to be the king o’ the rabbits, he best wear a pair o’ floppy ears.
Stephen King|Professional learning does not advance… through the inexorable confirmation of previous certainties, but through a systematic challenge to our present conceptions
Michael Graves|It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|The fact that he got to save the Gwardian's mate and managed to piss him off at the same time, well that was just a bonus and pure luck of circumstance. After all, he had gypsy blood inside of him and could not stop the satisfaction he got from pissing people off.
Antonio Gramcsi|The principle must always rule that ideas are not born of other ideas, philosophies of other philosophies; they are a continually renewed of real historical development. The unity of history (what the idealists call unity of the spirit) is not a presupposition, but a continuously developing process.
Theodore Volgoff|The more we understand how we individually operate, the easier it is for us to understand that we are all similar..from the same human race;doing the best we can based on the programmings that we've each acquired. Then, we never have to take things personally, because then we comprehend the fact that we are just like birds: same race, same tribe, but flying with different types of wings." :)
Dinah Katt, Once Upon a Time Travel|He didn't mean I couldn't leave, he meant I couldn't leave leave. If he meant I couldn't even take out the trash and had to stay inside all the time, that would result in a vitamin D deficiency and I would get scurvy and turn pale, wither, and die and he would go to jail for child abuse. So, I don't think he meant that.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|The vision I see in the mirror is me, who I am, supposedly, but that vision does not express the way my mind works or the way I feel inside. A realization creeps over me, the words tumbling into my head quietly like falling leaves.I.Am.Crazy.This is my new shameful truth. Something changed yesterday. A door has been opened that I can never close again. I touch my reflection, the glass smooth and cold, not really believing that the girl I see is me.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Write to me your most perfect epitaph, or I shall compare a poet to a lecturer. Thou art more Spartan than a ballad monger who makes his living as a Wal-Mart greeter;
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|Fear is a wet blanket that smothers the fiery passion God deposited in your heart when he formed you. Fear freezes us into inaction. Frozen ideas, frozen souls, frozen bodies can't move, can't dream, can't risk, can't love, and can't live. Fear chains us.
Brian Eno|I have no idea what my best material is. Different people like different things. I'll say this: The political stuff gets the press, but the relationship jokes sell all the seats.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With or without money, the work must be done.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The trees were friendly, they gave me rest and shadowed refuge. Slipping through them, I felt safe and competent. My whole body was occupied. I had little energy to think or worry.
Lang Leav, The Universe of Us|I tramp the perpetual journeyMy signs are a rain-proof coat, good shoes, and a staff cut from the woods, No friend of mine takes his ease in my chair, I have no chair, no philosophy, I lead no man to a dinner-table, library, exchange, But each man and each woman of you I lead upon a knoll, My left hand hooking you round the waist, My right hand pointing to landscapes of continents and the public road. Not I, not any one else can travel that road for you, You must travel it for yourself. It is not far, it is within reach, Perhaps you have been on it since you were born and did not know, Perhaps it is everywhere on water and on land. Shoulder your duds dear son, and I will mine, and let us hasten forth, Wonderful cities and free nations we shall fetch as we go. If you tire, give me both burdens, and rest the chuff of your hand on my hip, And in due time you shall repay the same service to me, For after we start we never lie by again. This day before dawn I ascended a hill and look'd at the crowded heaven, And I said to my spirit When we become the enfolders of those orbs, and the pleasure and knowledge of every thing in them, shall we be fill'd and satisfied then? And my spirit said No, we but level that lift to pass and continue beyond. You are also asking me questions and I hear you, I answer that I cannot answer, you must find out for yourself. Sit a while dear son, Here are biscuits to eat and here is milk to drink, But as soon as you sleep and renew yourself in sweet clothes, I kiss you with a good-by kiss and open the gate for your egress hence. Long enough have you dream'd contemptible dreams, Now I wash the gum from your eyes, You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life. Long have you timidly waded holding a plank by the shore, Now I will you to be a bold swimmer, To jump off in the midst of the sea, rise again, nod to me, shout, and laughingly dash with your hair.
Mphezulu Xetho Dainamyk|As I see, 90%+ (and not less than that) of people go about their lives living 90%+ (and not less) of a lie. choose a different way and live the least truth you might be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you give people the reasons to reason and you don't reason, reason!
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|At the railroad station he noted that he still had thirty minutes. He quickly recalled that in a cafe on the Calle Brazil (a few dozen feet from Yrigoyen's house) there was an enormous cat which allowed itself to be caressed as if it were a disdainful divinity. He entered the cafe. There was the cat, asleep. He ordered a cup of coffee, slowly stirred the sugar, sipped it (this pleasure had been denied him in the clinic), and thought, as he smoothed the cat's black coat, that this contact was an illusion and that the two beings, man and cat, were as good as separated by a glass, for man lives in time, in succession, while the magical animal lives in the present, in the eternity of the instant.
Alanis Morissette|What influenced me was Tori Amos, who was unapologetic about expressing anger through music, and Sinead O'Connor. Those two in particular were really moving for me, and very inspiring, before I wrote 'Jagged Little Pill.'
Eamonn Walker|In the central place of every heart, there is a recording chamber; so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer and courage, you are young.
Paul Acampora, I Kill the Mockingbird|There is only one thing in this world shittier than biting it from cancer when you're sixteen, and that's having a kid who bites it from cancer.
Tony Dovale|Courage is the belief in self, and the possible ability to prevail in the face of adversity.
Brian Cox|My mother spoke to me this morning, she told me that my father is beginning to think of suitors for me to marry.
Brandon Mull, Rise of the Evening Star|Can you see the power emotion has to distort out outlook? Makes you wonder, did you have a bad day, or did you make it a bad day?
Albert Camus|As a former high school teacher and a student in a class of 60 urchins at St. Brigid's grammar school, I know that education is all about discipline and motivation. Disadvantaged students need extra attention, a stable school environment, and enough teacher creativity to stimulate their imaginations. Those things are not expensive.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|A picture of a complete apple tree, however accurate, is in a certain sense much less like the tree itself than is a little daisy.
W.E.B. Du Bois|Du Bois didn’t fully understand democracy. It seemed pointless to give people the right to self-determination when so few had any interest in it. Now that humanity had reached a certain level of comfort and people didn’t really seem to want to think for themselves, he believed it was better that they just did what they were told. Then everyone would be happy.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|To forgive someone means to let him off the hook, or to cancel a debt he owes you. When you refuse to forgive someone, you still want something from that person, and even if it is revenge you want, it keeps you tied to him forever.
Dan Rather|A lady that I know just came from Colombia. She laughed because I did not understand. She held out some marijuana uh-huh, said it was the finest in the land. I said, no-no-no-no, i dont smoke it no more. It only makes me fall on the floor.No thank you please, it only makes me sneeze, and then it makes it hard to find the door. A lady that i know just came from Morrocco, Spain. She laughed because i did not understand. She held out a ten-pound bag of cocaine, said it was the finest in the land. I said no-no-no-no, i don't *sniff* no more, it only makes me fall on the floor. No thank you please, it only makes me sneeze, and then it makes it hard to find the door.A lady that i know just came from Tennesee. She laughed because i did not understand. She held out a jug of moonshine, uh-huh, said it was the finest in the land. I said no-no-no-no, i don't drink it no more, it only makes me fall on the floor. No thank you please, it only makes me sneeze, and then it makes it hard to find the door.Ringo Starr's No-No Song
Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe|Nothing helped until the day she took a tablet and pencil into the basement and moved the event out of her and onto paper, where it was reshaped into a kind of simple equation: loss equaled the need to love again, more.
Zig Ziglar|Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Jemima Pett|The mayor was the most dangerous of individuals. He possessed, in equal amounts, unhealthy doses of charm and ambition. He was a driven opportunist.
Graham Joyce|Because two people in love don't make a hive mind. Neither should they want to be a hive mind, to think the same, to know the same. It's about being separate and still loving each other, being distinct from each other. One is the violin string one is the bow.
Pope Benedict XVI|Back in third grade, they used to say, 'Take whatever talent you have and think of something you can do with it.' I liked to draw, but what could I do with it? Maybe I could be an art dealer - nah, can't see myself doing that. Maybe I could do commercial arts?
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde|I smiled, reached into my pockets and pulled out a pair of ultrapowerful earplugs, the kind that are standard issue for skyway construction workers, artillery soldiers, and roadies for the thirty-five most popular teen boy bands.
Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers|Some people are like a thermometer. If their environment is negative, they are negative. If bad things happen, they are sad. If good things happen, they are happy. They are simply a product of their environment. Successful people, on the other hand, are more like a thermostat. Even if their environment is negative, they choose to be positive.
Haruki Murakami, Wind/Pinball: Two Novels|If you ever want to see how small you are in the plan of God, just stand at the edge of an ocean.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes volume 2|It was the kind of building that remembered things, deep-down things, things that rode tears into the world, telling them back to anyone old enough or wise enough to know how to listen with their eyes.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|you shall be told what pleased me to-day in the writings ofHecato; it is these words: "What progress, you ask, have I made? I have begun to be a friend to myself." That wasindeed a great benefit; such a person can never be alone. You may be sure that such a man is a friend to all mankind.
Pema Chödrön, No Time to Lose: A Timely Guide to the Way of the Bodhisattva|Making good use of our limited time - the limited time from birth to death, as well as our limited time each day - is the key to developing inner steadiness and calm.
Anja Owona Okoa, What if we're faeries?|I always thought a shipwreck was a well-organized affair, but I've learned the devil a lot in the last five minutes.
Mary Jane Hathaway, The Pepper in the Gumbo|Pain withheld becomes hate, pain shared becomes love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Awaken soul, revive spirit.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|Riley took a deep breath. "Yeah," he said, nodding. "You're right. We can't stop. We can't let this continue. The organization will do horrible things to their hatchlings and undesirables even if there are no rogues to take the fall. If I don't keep fighting Talon, who will?  "I will," I said softly.  He chuckled. "I don't know, Firebrand. Think you can handle a dozen hormonal teenage dragons if I go down someday?  " I lived with an obnoxious twin brother for years," I responded. " I think I could manage." He arched a dubious eyebrow, and I sobered. " But that's not going to happen, Riley, because you're not going to die. This work, what your doing now, is too important. Someone has to stand against Talon, to show our kind what the organization is really like. And your not the only one who has a chance." I raised my chin, my voice firm. " You can't let them win. We can't let them win. And I'm going to do whatever it takes for us to succeed." Riley was motionless, watching me with gold eyes, and I held his stare. " I'm not walking away from this," I told him. " Or you. I'll keep fighting, however long it takes.
Laura Moriarty, The Rest of Her Life|Roger. Be Safe. We'll be there when we can, over.
Emil M. Cioran, The New Gods|The obsession with suicide is characteristic of the man who can neither live nor die, and whose attention never swerves from this double impossibility.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Not a clue – and, no, I don’t touch drugs. The world’s unstable enough without scrambling your brain for kicks.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|The Karpman drama triangle is a classic model of codependent behaviour. First of all, a codependent will rescue someone. Then, when their ‘brave and charitable’ work hasn’t been acknowledged, they become very angry at the person they have attempted to rescue. And finally, they start to feel like a victim. They feel sorry for themselves and complain how the person they rescued never appreciated them. The important thing to learn here is that if a person wants to change, it’s because they have made a decision to do so.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|When some smart ass asks you if you’re driving, you say, 'Nope, just kicking the tires.’ You have to make sure you actually kick them all on your way around to the passenger side. Otherwise it’s like lying.
Oliver Blade, Take Your Share: Seven practical exercises to unlock your financial potential|It's much easier to tame a wild tiger with your bare hands than to convince someone who believes in something, no matter wrong or right.
Marya Hornbacher|The learned are not agreed as to the time when the Gospel of John was written; some dating it as early as the year 68, others as late as the year 98; but it is generally conceded to have been written after all the others.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​As the neurobiology of our species gets more and more complicated, its functional expression, which we call the mind, shall get more vivid and productive.
Barbara Samuel, The Sleeping Night|How could you carry the inside of a person with you and not call them a friend, no matter what the rules said?
Michael Porter|Considering community support and cost-benefit analysis, I have supported earmarks for projects of high public purpose involving such areas as higher education, alternative energy, transportation, medical research and military infrastructure.
Clarence Hunter|What do you want me to do? Arrest them all?” “When you can, absolutely.” “And when I can’t?” “Do whatever is necessary to remove their ability to act against us—against humanity.” “You mean kill them.” Her expression darkened in what he sensed was sorrow, but her shoulders rose. “If that’s what it takes.
Pamela Morris|Richard Wright and his Negro intellectual colleagues never realized the plain truth that no one in the United States understood the revolutionary potential of the Negro better than the Negro's white radical allies. They understood it instinctively, and revolutionary theory had little to do with it. What Wright could not see was that what the Negro's allies feared most of all was that this sleeping, dream-walking black giant might wake up and direct the revolution all by himself, relegating his white allies to a humiliating second-class status. The negro's allies were not about to tell the Negro anything that might place him on the path to greater power and independence in the revolutionary movement than they themselves had. The rules of the power game meant that unless the American Negro taught himself the profound implications of his own revolutionary significance in America, it would never be taught to him by anybody else. Unless the Negro intellectuals understood that in pursuit of this self-understanding, they would have to make their own rules, by and for themselves, nationalism would forever remain--as it was for Wright-- "a bewildering and vexing question.
Neil Gaiman|My people, we stay indoors. We have keyboards. We have darkness.
Sheryl Campbell|Life is What You Make it, The Choice is all Yours
Edgar H. Schein|In my personal life, especially as I am aging, I find that the biggest mistakes I make and the biggest risks I run all result form mindless hurrying.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|Afterward she lies nestled against me, her hair tickling my face. I stroke her lightly, memorizing her body. I want her to melt into me, like butter on toast. I want to absorb her and walk around for the rest of my days with her encased in my skin.
Roy T. Bennett|Your values create your internal compass that can navigate how you make decisions in your life. If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Khan Shamim|The more positive you are the more people want to be around you and the less positive you are...well, just reverse it!
John Fowles, Áristos|Luck is a goddess not to be coerced and forcibly wooed by those who seek her favours. From such masterful spirits she turns away. But it happens sometimes that, if we put our hand in hers with the humble trust of a little child, she will have pity on us, and not fail us in our hour of need.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.
Joss Whedon|Wherever I was, I was happy. At peace. I knew that everyone I cared about was all right. I knew it. Time didn't mean anything, nothing had form but I was still me, you know? And I was warm and I was loved and I was finished. Complete. I don't understand about theology or dimensions, or any of it, really but I think I was in heaven. And now I'm not. I was torn out of there. Pulled out by my friends. Everything here is hard, and bright, and violent. Everything I feel, everything I touch this is hell. Just getting through the next moment, and the one after that knowing what I've lost...
Steven Seagal|I just like to act and write and produce. To me, making movies is the ultimate goal.
Friedrich Nietzsche|But why think the more reasons there were to sin, the smaller the sin was?
|Intention has little power, if any - it´s what you DO that has the power to change your life and the world around you.
Gavin Extence, The Universe Versus Alex Woods|They called our arrangement a 'Death Pact' - but, really, that's not a phrase that tells you anything important. It's just the kind of phrase that sells newspapers. For us, it was never about death. It was about life. Knowing that there was a way out, that his suffering was not going to become unendurable (...).
Oscar Wilde|Most people live for love and admiration. But it is by love and admiration that one should live. If any love is shown us we should recognize that we are quite unworthy of it. Nobody is worthy to be loved... or if that phrase is a bitter one to bear, let us say that everyone is worthy of love, except him who thinks he is. Love is a sacrament that should be taken kneeling..
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life (sansar) is the thing created through delusion [wrong belief]. Therefore when you come to know about this wrong belief, it will go away.
Marshall McLuhan|All words, in every language, are metaphors.
Saint Augustine|I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any threat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|You know that old phrase ‘Those who don’t remember the past are condemned to repeat it’? Well, I think those who remember the past are even worse off.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Worry is a sin because we are taking our eyes off of Christ and His ability to handle a situation. And when we do this, we are no longer able to live a life of faith.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|All these handsome guys are the same. When they're done combing their goddam hair, they beat it on you.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|In my opinion, one of the answers to the question of underdevelopment of nations, is in the CULTURE of DIGNITY OF LABOR.
Pazaria Smith|I don't have to be safe to feel safe, I always feel safe at my core.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|As you grow older, you’ll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don’t you forget it—whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash
Sherwin B. Nuland|All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man is a rebel, and a rebel is naturally in confusion. He is in conflict with every other rebel. For a rebel by his very nature is selfish. He is seeking his own good and not the good of others.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The oldest and most popular instrument of etatistic monetary policy is the official fixing of maximum prices. High prices, thinks the etatist, are not a consequence of an increase in the quantity of money, but a consequence of reprehensible activity on the part of 'bulls' and 'profiteers'; it will suffice to suppress their machinations in order to ensure the cessation of the rise of prices. Thus it is made a punishable offence to demand, or even to pay, 'excessive' prices.
Laurene Powell Jobs|I'd like a relationship that was like two tree trunks side by side, strong but independent.
Eraldo Banovac|The law of chaos is the law of ideas,Of improvisations and seasons of belief.Ideas are men. The mass of meaning andThe mass of men are one. Chaos is notThe mass of meaning. It is three or fourIdeas, or, say, five men or, possibly, six.In the end, these philosophic assassins pullRevolvers and shoot each other. One remains.The mass of meaning becomes composed again.
Aimee Mann|Don't bother asking for explanation, she'll just tell you that she came, in the year of the cat.
Jay Garner|Go, forget me - why should sorrow, O'er that brow a shadow fling? Go, forget me - and tomorrow, brightly smile and sweetly sing. Smile - though I shall not be near thee; Sing - though I shall never hear thee.
José Luís Peixoto, Antídoto|Beyond the clouds, above people, beneath the skin, inside people, we’re waiting for you. We see you now, as you read. We’ll see you when you stop thinking about these words. Above and inside your face, we know your secrets. We know what you hide from yourself. You can’t escape us. We hold your heart in the palm of our hand. If we like, we can squeeze it. If we like, we can crush it. There’s nothing you can do to stop us. Our gaze notices your every single move and your every single word. Say a word now. Make a move. We smile at your words, as we smile at your silence. No one will be able to protect you. No one can protect you now. You’re even less than you imagine. We’ve seen a thousand generations of men like you. It was our pleasure to let them walk on the lines of our hands. It was our pleasure to take everything away from them. We guided entire generations of men through tunnels we built that led nowhere. And when they arrived at nothing, we smiled. You’re just like them. We’re waiting for you above and inside your face. Continue on your way. Follow that line of our hand. We know where that tunnel you walk through will end. Keep on walking. We see you and smile. Beyond the clouds, we are fear. Beneath the skin, we are fear.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|He only drinks when he gets depressed,' said Carrot. 'Why does he get depressed?' 'Sometimes it's because he hasn't had a drink.
Robyn Silverman, Good Girls Don't Get Fat: How Weight Obsession Is Messing Up Our Girls and How We Can Help Them Thrive Despite It|His older self had taught his younger self a language which the older self knew because the younger self, after being taught, grew up to be the older self and was, therefore, capable of teaching.
Donna Lynn Hope|Small quarrels and tensions were expected because of our new environment. Every relationship has them. Each quarrel was soon forgotten and floated away on a wave. And then sometimes, on our silly days, the arguments returned on the wave, but the wave returned taller, a Tsunami, and neither of us knew where to run or what to do.
Sturgill Simpson|I read usually in the morning, in my kitchen at breakfast - a short reading time, usually poetry. I read in bed every night. I usually get in bed pretty early with a book, and I read until I can't prop my eyes open anymore - sometimes rather late.
Tom Hiddleston|Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A legacy is the impact and impression an individual makes and leaves behind in the lives of others; it no longer represents the individual, it represents the people who carry on his or her name with passion and integrity.
Tom Wolfe, I am Charlotte Simmons|Why read? Because books are precious guides to our humanity—civilization’s backbone—that tenuous ridgeline that allows us to climb above the jungle and see what the horizon has to offer. Thus they represent the yearning to go beyond, to explore. Yet they are also human-sized . . .
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Wealth is to be created first, then to be shared. What to share if there is no wealth?
Sachin Tendulkar, Playing It My Way: My Autobiography|Virtually every tribe in the march towards civilization developed its tailored made initiation practices. In America, sports are part of the test for a young man’s initiation into manhood.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Where you are running to is not the answer, who is with you is the power.
Kresley Cole, If You Dare|Now you're just being silly. He's a mercenary- he's not going to go about penning love letters, and really, what would he write? 'Anna...love you...grrr?'" Olivia to Annalia
Barbara T. Cerny|The black of the ocean waves was the color of the sorrow in my breast, a sorrow that was never far away and always visible.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|It’s natural to think of one’s own life as a novel (or a movie or a play), and within that narrative we are always the central character. Thoughtful people try to overcome this compulsion, but they usually fail (in fact, trying makes it worse). In a commencement speech at Kenyon College, David Foster Wallace argued that conquering the preoccupation with self is pretty much the whole objective of being alive — but if we are to believe Wallace succeeded at this goal, it must be the darkest success imaginable.
Calvin W. Allison, Shadows Over February|God may save all, but human rescue is only for a few.
Oscar Niemeyer|One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|You win some, you lose some, you wreck some.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She's not stumbling, she's not lost. She's simply romancing her inner animal and falling in love with the wild part of her soul.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|You can go other places, all right - you can live on the other side of the world, but you can't ever leave home
Leigh Bardugo|Inej placed her hands on Nina’s shoulders. “We’ll see each other again.”“Of course we will. You’ve saved my life. I’ve saved yours.”“I think you’re ahead on that count.”“No, I don’t mean in the big ways.” Nina’s eyes took them all in. “I mean the little rescues. Laughing at my jokes. Forgiving me when I was foolish. Never trying to make me feel small. It doesn’t matter if it’s next month, or next year, or ten years from now, those will be the things I remember when I see you again.”Kaz offered his gloved hand to Nina. “Until then, Zenik.”“Count on it, Brekker.” They shook.
David Nicholls, One Day|You start out wanting to change the world through language, and end up thinking it's enough to tell a few good jokes.
Margaret Weis, The Seventh Gate|We each have within ourselves the ability to shape our own destinies. That much we understand. But, more important, each of us has an equal ability to shape the destiny of the universe. Ah, that you find more difficult to believe. But I tell you it is so. You do not have to be the leader of the Council. You do not have to be king or monarch or the head of a clan to have a significant impact on the world around you.In the vastness of the ocean, is any drop of water greater than another?No, you answer, and neither has a single drop the ability to cause a tidal wave.But, I argue, if a single drop falls into the ocean, it creates ripples. And these ripples spread. And perhaps - who knows - these ripples may grow and swell and eventually break foaming upon the shore.Like a drop in the vast ocean, each of us causes ripples as we move through our lives. The effects of whatever we do - insignificant as it may seem - spread out beyond us. We may never know what far-reaching impact even the simplest action might have on our fellow mortals. Thus we need to be conscious, all of the time, of our place in the ocean, of our place in the world, of our place among our fellow creatures.For if enough of us join forces, we can swell the tide of events - for good or for evil.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|How does a copy become more than a copy? Is art the creation of something new and original, or simply the continuous enlargement, or the distillation, of an observation that came before
Michael Jay|Heroic dreams are the consolation of the unhappy. After all, when people like us say we're being heroic, it usually means we're about to kill each other--or kill ourselves.
Ivan Alexander Pozo-Illas, The Wayfarer of the Soul|For too many of us, it is only when adversity strikes that living for Christ becomes a priority: a sudden crisis such as a life-threatening illness, the death of a loved one, or the loss of a job or income reminds us that each day is precious, and only then do we begin to (re)evaluate our existence. But why is there no sense of urgency or accountability when God blesses us with an event that reveals the purpose of our soul?
Ted Conover|He cannot deny a certain relief in being able to sift through academic tomes, fulfilling his journalistic duty without having to barge past security guards at the Arab League or grab man-on-the-street from women at the market. This library work is easily his favorite part of reporting so far.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If you believe the world will be a better place because you have both the desire and the means to take charge, that's the time for you to jump in. It doesn't matter if you rise up to take the lead only once or twice in your entire working life or if you do it daily. There are so many moments when you can make a difference--by enriching an outcome, saving a great idea, defending the beleaguered or downtrodden, and not least, expressing your own gifts and wisdom.
Rebecca Stead, When You Reach Me|The world turns on our every action, and our every omission, whether we know it or not.
Nelson Mandela|Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not.
Tamas Lakometz|Getting one of the weakness points of your enemies, could be your winning and your enemies' destruction
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Quick note here: if this crush-slash-swooning stuff is hard for you to stomach; if you’ve never had a similar experience, then you should come to grips with the fact that you’ve got a TV dinner for a heart and might want to consider climbing inside a microwave and turning it on high for at least an hour, which if you do consider only goes to show what kind of idiot you truly are because microwaves are way too small for anyone, let alone you, to climb into.
Heinrich Heine|Despite an icy northeast wind huffing across the bay I sneak out after dark, after my mother falls asleep clutching her leather Bible, and I hike up the rutted road to the frosted meadow to stand in mist, my shoes in muck, and toss my echo against the moss-covered fieldstone corners of the burned-out church where Sunday nights in summer for years Father Thomas, that mad handsome priest, would gather us girls in the basement to dye the rose cotton linen cut-outs that the deacon’s daughter, a thin beauty with short white hair and long trim nails, would stitch by hand each folded edge then steam-iron flat so full of starch, stiffening fabric petals, which we silly Sunday school girls curled with quick sharp pulls of a scissor blade, forming clusters of curved petals the younger children assembled with Krazy glue and fuzzy green wire, sometimes adding tissue paper leaves, all of us gladly laboring like factory workers rather than have to color with crayon stubs the robe of Christ again, Christ with his empty hands inviting us to dine, Christ with a shepherd's staff signaling to another flock of puffy lambs, or naked Christ with a drooping head crowned with blackened thorns, and Lord how we laughed later when we went door to door in groups, visiting the old parishioners, the sick and bittersweet, all the near dead, and we dropped our bikes on the perfect lawns of dull neighbors, agnostics we suspected, hawking our handmade linen roses for a donation, bragging how each petal was hand-cut from a pattern drawn by Father Thomas himself, that mad handsome priest, who personally told the Monsignor to go fornicate himself, saying he was a disgruntled altar boy calling home from a phone booth outside a pub in North Dublin, while I sat half-dressed, sniffing incense, giddy and drunk with sacrament wine stains on my panties, whispering my oath of unholy love while wiggling uncomfortably on the mad priest's lap, but God he was beautiful with a fine chiseled chin and perfect teeth and a smile that would melt the Madonna, and God he was kind with a slow gentle touch, never harsh or too quick, and Christ how that crafty devil could draw, imitate a rose petal in perfect outline, his sharp pencil slanted just so, the tip barely touching so that he could sketch and drink, and cough without jerking, without ruining the work, or tearing the tissue paper, thin as a membrane, which like a clean skin arrived fresh each Saturday delivered by the dry cleaners, tucked into the crisp black vestment, wrapped around shirt cardboard, pinned to protect the high collar.
K.C Tshwaane|She counted her blessings, rather than her misfortunes.
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|When you live in LA and work in the movies, you experience the collapse of some of that fantasy. You know that the eyes glow like that because of lights placed at a specific angle, and you see the actresses up close and, yes, they are beautiful, but they are human size and imperfect like the rest of us.
Nicole Ari Parker|There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.
Claire Dederer, Poser: My Life in Twenty-three Yoga Poses|I had discovered something; there was a pleasure in becoming something new. You could will yourself into a fresh shape. Now all I had to do was figure out how to do it out there, in my life.
C.N. Faust, The Dragon's Disciples|But sometimes i have to ask myself this question. its true that to us his imaginings are nothing but the inventions of a busy mind. But to him, there simply is no other reality. Further more, he is happy there, so why, I ask myself, why in the name of healing him must we drag him painfully into the world of our own reality?'- Doctor's Memo
Hank Bracker|A book can become your best companion in times of crisis.Not only do you learn in the journey of your pages, but rediscover yourself, with your virtues and defects ... often makes you question everything, even life itself.The books are fantastic, as they not only transport you to other places and the awakening of sensations, curiosity, laughter, hilarity, sadness, etc. Other times, it can give you a quiet space in truculent moments, and lead you to a level of peace, acceptance, healthy optimism, that I will never tire of recommending it.Never stop reading, there are no excuses ... there are always some minutes in any place, at any time and a huge universe for all tastes !!!
Sam Harris|Tell me it's not true."He sighed. "Fine. It's not true."...And yet..."Are you lying?"He rolled his eyes. "Of course I'm lying.""Not cool." I muttered.Kyle shrugged. "I didn't want you to start hyperventilating again." His hair fell over his eyes and he brushed it aside. "I figured annoying you was safer than admitting anything.
Max Barry, Lexicon|She had been in situations like this, where people said, Convince me, and in none of those had they actually wanted to be convinced. She could lay down a perfect argument and they just invented new bullshit on the spot to justify why the answer was still no. When people said, Convince me, she knew it didn’t mean they had an open mind. It meant they had power and wanted to enjoy it a minute.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|Oh hours of childhood,when behind each shape more than the past appearedand what streamed out before us was not the f
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|Humanity should be our Religion and every Human should be our God, This world should be our Temple and doing good to fellow Humans should be our Prayer.Quran Bible and Bhagwad Geeta all have this message if not just read but also understood properly.Share it, even if one misguided person reads and understands it and gets back to humanity you will for sure be blessed!
Ronald Reagan|Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners.
Isaac Marion, The Burning World|He looked exactly the same when he was alive, only he was vertical.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|Woman's sexual problems are, in this sense, by-products of the suppression of her basic need to grow and fulfill her potentialities as a human being, potentialities which the mystique of feminine fulfillment ignores.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Oh, sometimes I think it is of no use to make friends. They only go out of your life after a while and leave a hurt that is worse than the emptiness before they came.
Akshay Vasu|Do you know something about the broken people? They are exactly like a mirror that is been punched and dropped on the floor into pieces and been joined back together. When you stand in front of them they create hundreds of your reflections, but still none of them complete and the moment you try to touch them they will try to hurt you, not because they don't like your reflection in them, it is just because they are afraid of falling again and breaking into more pieces. If you could only see how it feels to be that broken mirror you would never do something that would break a mirror again.
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|What kind of world have we built when it is more acceptable to ask for sex than a cuddle session? … Have we so stripped our sexuality of inherent value that it becomes the sacrificial lamb on the altar of connection, because everything else is too precious to risk? I'm the first one to say that my body is an amusement park, and I like to have fun with it – and let other people ride it – but there is still a divinity in it. It is no less precious than our fears, our smiles, our hopes, our tears. And this goes not just for women, but for all people. I've known men and dominants who felt they could be vulnerable only during sex, and so they would ask for that instead of talking about what was bothering them, or even simply as a distraction from their own thoughts and troubles.
Peter Shaffer, Equus|I learned about lifefrom life itself,love I learned in a single kissand could teach no one anythingexcept that I have livedwith something in common among men.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|For a moment he could do nothing but close his eyes. Was this a taste of the rest of his life as Billie Bridgerton’s husband? Was he destined to live in terror, wondering what sort of danger she’d thrown herself into that day? Was it worth it?“George?” she whispered. She sounded uneasy. Had she seen something in his expression? A sign of doubt? He touched her cheek, and he looked into her eyes. He saw his whole world there.“I love you,” he said. Someone gasped. It might have been his mother. “I cannot live without you,” he said, “and in fact, I refuse to do so. So no, you will not be going on some ill-advised mission to the coast to hand off a potentially dangerous package to people you don’t know. Because if anything happened to you…” His voice broke, but he didn’t care. “If anything happened to you, it would kill me. And I’d like to think you love me too much to let that happen.” Billie stared at him in wonder, her softly parted lips trembling as she blinked back tears. “You love me?” she whispered. He nearly rolled his eyes. “Of course I do.” “You never said.” “I must have done.” “You didn’t. I would have remembered.” “I would remember, too,” he said softly, “if you’d ever said it to me.” “I love you,” she said immediately. “I do. I love you so much. I —” “Thank God,” Lady Manston exclaimed. George and Billie both turned.
Shannon L. Alder|I will never be someone's last choice, second option, narcissistic supply, doormat, ego booster, sidekick, secret, last time or after thought. I am a Daughter of God that stands for truth. I know my beauty, my talents, my accomplishments, what I have to offer and who leads my life purpose: my Heavenly Father. But, most of all I know my value and I will never let any man define my worth.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|Ask , and it shall be given until you. That is no vain or untried promise, Ruth!
David Chiles, The Principles Of Netiquette|For your own professionalism, reputation & appearance, it really is ok to NOT post every #video, picture, event or show on social media.On the contrary, holding back, waiting or not posting certain things all together can help much more than hurt.
David Allan Coe|Societies in which women have lots of autonomy and authority tend to be decidedly male-friendly, relaxed, tolerant, and plenty sexy. Got that, fellas? If you're unhappy at the amount of sexual opportunity in your life, don't blame the women. Instead, make sure they have equal access to power, wealth and status. Then watch what happens.
Scott McClanahan, Crapalachia: A Biography of a Place|I never look at a painting and ask, "Is this painting fictional or non-fictional?" It's just a painting.
Akio Morita|I have always believed that a trademark is the life of an enterprise and that it must be protected boldly. A trademark and a company name arenot just clever gimmicks-they carry responsibility and guarantee the quality of the product. If someone tries to get a free ride on the reputation and the ability of another who has worked to build up public trust, it is nothing short of thievery. We were not flattered by this theft of our name.
William S. Burroughs|What's really important is to simplify. The work of most photographers would be improved immensely if they could do one thing: get rid of the extraneous. If you strive for simplicity, you are more likely to reach the viewer. 
Laarni Venus Marie Nillama|I keep saying there's no Choice, and what I've meant is that you can't choose: you have no right or ability to select one of the two alternatives. But I didn't go far enough. There's no Choice because the Choice itself is wrong. It's a false dilemma. The alternatives are not alternatives at all. Long versus short, quiet versus heroic: they're the same. In the scope of infinity, in a universe with no edge, human history is a flare and human consciousness is a blink. All lives are short and all lives are quiet.But all lives are glorious too, Cal. To live! To live like a human! You are ordinary and extraordinary all at once. You have a heart that contracts and relaxes and beats out your moments. You are alive and you know you are alive. Your too-short time is long e
Katee Robert, Meeting His Match|Right now, all he wanted was to get her to take that first step. "I'm not going to tattoo my name on your ass. I'm asking you to be my girlfriend.
Peter J. Carroll|The librarian was explaining the benefits of the Dewey decimal system to her junior—benefits that extended to every area of life. It was orderly, like the universe. It had logic. It was dependable. Using it allowed a kind of moral uplift, as one's own chaos was also brought under control.'Whenever I am troubled,' said the librarian, 'I think about the Dewey decimal system.''Then what happens?' asked the junior, rather overawed.'Then I understand that trouble is just something that has been filed in the wrong place. That is what Jung was explaining of course—as the chaos of our unconscious contents strive to find their rightful place in the index of consciousness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We fail to enjoy the sacred moment, when we overwork.
Salman Rushdie|...because it is the privilige and the curse of midnight's children to be both masters and victims of their times, to forsake privacy and be sucked into the annihilating whirlpool of the multitudes, and to be unable to live or die in peace.
Michael Eric Dyson|I've written almost 200 songs with Bad Religion. No matter where you look in our history, the focus has been trying to instill some of these disturbing realities about the world, some of the implications of evolution into an artistic format that can be interpreted by people who may never study evolution.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Anti-Christ/Ecce Homo/Twilight of the Idols/Other Writings|What good is all this free-thinking, modernity, and turncoat flexibility if at some gut level you are still a Christian, a Catholic, and even a priest!
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|There is nothing left to seek for in this world when it can be exchanged for another one. No thought of gain or loss, winning or losing, success or failure ever had any meaning. Fantasy is not real and dreaming is not Being One. You are ready to Awaken to Oneness. And as you awaken the whole world awakens as well. For the world was never more than a misperception. As perception becomes whole, the single mind sees only wholeness. At last you are ready to see with Inner Vision, and you realize that physical sight was nothing but the illusion of being in the dark. The Light has come and it is time to rejoice! It is time!
Dada Bhagwan|No one should feel hurt by you, you should make everyone happy and leave.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|You are not my dream girl.You are this earth. You are not a fantasy: you are my love. And love is friendship lit by a wooden match with a white tip on its red tip. I am your match, and you are mine.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|In a way fighting was just like using magic. You said the words, and they altered the universe. By merely speaking you could create damage and pain, cause tears to fall, drive people away, make yourself feel better, make your life worse.
Angela Kiss, How to be an Alien in England: A Guide to the English|May I kiss you?”Finally. “Yes.”He smiled as he threaded his fingers through my hair. Carefully, he leaned forward and kissed my forehead.His mouth was warm and gentle against my skin, but it wasn’t enough. “Please tell me that wasn’t what you meant.”He laughed softly. “There’s more.” He kissed my cheek, my jaw, and hovered a fraction above my mouth.I ached for his kiss, and when the waiting stretched too long, I closed the distance.He took over, which was just as well, because I forgot where I was or the time or my name. The only thing in the world was his mouth. That kiss. Us.
Brian Eno|Without global human rights, labor and environmental movements, companies would still be hiring 12-year-olds as a matter of course and poisoning our groundwater without batting an eyelid.
Germany Kent|When you focus on being the best person you can be, you draw the best possible life, love, and opportunities to you.
Kip Thorne|A good traveller is one who does not know where he is going to, and a perfect traveller does not know where he came from.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|There is power in controlling something that can do so much damage-in controlling something, period.
Vince Cable|Anger is not an accepted thing for women. And, you know, I do get angry. I feel it's a very honest emotion.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires.
Grandma Moses|If I didn't start painting, I would have raised chickens.
Jerry Brown|I love grocery shopping when I'm home. That's what makes me feel totally normal. I love both the idea of home as in being with my family and friends, and also the idea of exploration. I think those two are probably my great interests.
J. Michael Straczynski, Spider-Man: One More Day|You can't just pick up a gun and become a gunfighter, or go off and explore for a new world, or pull a sword out of a stone, or rescue a damsel in distress, or-- so we play games and we read books because the world isn't the world we thought we were supposed to get, the world we thought we'd been promised by somebody. Because things didn't turn out the way they were supposed to. So we go someplace else.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I have to admit, an unrequited love is so much better than a real one. I mean, it's perfect... As long as something is never even started, you never have to worry about it ending. It has endless potential.
Hugh Hefner|It's perfectly clear to me that religion is a myth. It's something we have invented to explain the inexplicable. My religion and the spiritual side of my life come from a sense of connection to the humankind and nature on this planet and in the universe. I am in overwhelming awe of it all: It is so fantastic, so complex, so beyond comprehension. What does it all mean -- if it has any meaning at all? But how can it all exist if it doesn't have some kind of meaning? I think anyone who suggests that they have the answer is motivated by the need to invent answers, because we have no such answers.
Alisha Rai, Veiled Seduction|What are you doing?”“What does it look like? I’m getting down on my knees.”His head butted against her stomach. Her muscles clenched, shocked at the touch, even through the layer of cotton.“I’ve never begged a woman for anything before. Enjoy this.”She tried to think of something sufficiently sassy. “Enjoy it? I can’t even see it.”“It’s symbolic.
Paulo Coelho|I created 'America's Next Top Model' one-hundred percent. I was in my kitchen making tea one morning, and I looked out the window, and the idea popped into my head. I wanted it to be 'American Idol' meets 'Ford Supermodel of the Year' meets 'The Real World.'
Sarah Shahi|Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't say you won't strike now. "Not now" is what brings forth "never done". Strike it early, strike it now... But remember to strike it hard! Go and make the strike!
George Orwell|What should our second generation have done, what should it do with the knowledge of the horrors of the extermination of the Jews? We should not believe we can comprehend the incomprehensible, we may not compare the incomparable, we may not inquire because to inquire is to make the horrors an object of discussion, even if the horrors themselves are not questioned, instead of accepting them as something in the face of which we can only fall silent in revulsion, shame and guilt. Should we only fall silent in revulsion, shame and guilt? To what purpose?
Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life|But the inexplicability of the General's conduct dwelt much on her thoughts. That he was very particular in his eating, she had, by her own unassisted observation, already discovered; but why should he say one thing so positively, and mean another all the while, was most unaccountable. How were people, at that rate, to be understood?
Darynda Jones, Fifth Grave Past the Light|If it weren’t for physics and law enforcement, I’d be unstoppable.
Kamand Kojouri|Poetry isn’t an island, it is the bridge. Poetry isn’t a ship, it is the lifeboat. Poetry isn’t swimming. Poetry is water.
Paul McDermott|One day, scientists will overtake LIGHT and crash into the DARKNESS.
George Michael|Only time will set you free, just like me
Sarah Jessica Parker|People don't want to go to the dump and have a picnic, they want to go out to a beautiful place and enjoy their day. And so I think our job is to try to take the environment, take what the good Lord has given us, and expand upon it or enhance it, without destroying it.
Lisa Schroeder, The Day Before|When they kissed she immediately felt his tongue, tensed and strong, pushing past her teeth, like some bully shouldering his way into a room. Entering her.
Carol Emshwiller, Carmen Dog|May we all soon go about as our real selves and take joy in it, saying, yes, yes, to whatever we are.
Barbara De Angelis|I guess lyrically they're similar because they're talking about escaping the kind of misery that likes company. 'The Last One Alive,' for me, is very simple. It's just about alienation, really, that causes anger.
Rony Abovitz|'Sleepless' was a script that had been written by three or four other writers before me, and it never really worked, but it had this amazing ending on the top of the Empire State Building that just worked, no matter what came before it.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|Men are all the same. Novelty amongst themselves displeases and upsets them – but if the novelty is wearing a skirt, they go crazy f
Coskun YUKSEL|Maybe these days you take some actions and steps that will lead you to the success that you want to achieve. You make preparations, channel all your resources into this process and move forward towards your goal with giant steps. You encounter a little problem in any phase of the process and think that you can solve it with a simple solution. The process seems to be working well, but you may be forgetting one thing.You may, at any time, encounter unexpected problems on the way to your goals. This is quite usual, however, sometimes problems which stand in your way seem so easy to solve that you find a quick solution with a very little effort and try to get rid of the problem. At first glance, things go right. You suppose that you have handled the situation successfully, but the surprise is not late; you realize that your solution is actually a terrible one that causes bigger problems in a way that you would never expect. Bingo!Never let the fact that finding a solution seems to be easy lead you to think that the problem is not serious. A scorpion is small, but it can knock you down with a single move.Good Boys Can't Do A Great Job (from my own book that I am still working on)
Rasheed Ogunlaru|You may wonder why so many of my quotes - and all my work - is about love, compassion and inner peace? Because life is nothing, empty, bereft without these things.
John Stossel No They can t Pg 32 Threshold Editions New York New York 2012|The smaller the government, the less the need to manipulate politicians.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|It has been my experience that around half of those offering a product or service, in every line of business, are quite utterly useless. Some of them actually bordering on criminal. The remainder are split between two camps, the acceptable and the exceptional. Unfortunately for the average man on the street, it is incredibly difficult to recognise which is which
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|And to 'scape stormy days, I choose an everlasting night.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I would add entertainment media cheerleader Wolf Blitzer, CNN’s Pentagon sycophant in Kuwait City, a representative of the neon press, neon being that colorless, inert gas that lights up on command.
Lily Velden|There were thieves and hypocrites among us, to be sure, and true saints sprinkled here and there, but most were simply good, honest people who worshiped their Creator the best they knew how. We were a family.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|...Mrs. Bostwick's face was heavy and lethargic, without any strength or delicacy, and it bore the deep marks of what must have been a habitual dissatisfaction.
Max Weber|As intellectualism suppresses belief in magic, the world's processes become disenchanted, lose the magical significance, and henceforth simply 'are' and 'happen' but no longer signify anything.
Mel Gibson|Let go of offence. Let go of fear. Let go of revenge. Don't live angry, let go now!
Lois McMaster Bujold, Borders of Infinity|It’s true that if your religion failed to deliver a miracle, that a human sacrifice would certainly follow.""Ah...quite. You are a man of acute insight.""That’s not insight. That’s a personal guarantee.
Thomas Narofsky, You are Unstoppable!: Unleash Your Inspired Life|I distrust the perpetually busy, always have. The frenetic ones spinning in tight little circles like poisoned rats. The slower ones, grinding away their fourscore and ten in righteousness and pain. They are the soul-eaters.
William Shakespeare|Grandma; it was to grandma I truly wanted to have returned, but she was no more. I could only remember the day she died. The tears mother shed on me, as if I was going to face a more difficult world than any other member of our family. Pg.100
Kamini Arichandran|...dangers, to Francisco, were merely opportunities for another brilliant performance; there were no battles he could lose, no enemies to beat him.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|You have a spark. It is real. It is you. And right now, it is being activated. You cannot ignore the spark any longer.
Yukio Mishima, The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea|They had laid the tender, down-ruffled little bird on a platter and appeared now to be pondering a way to eat out its heart without causing it distress.
Jim  McCarthy, The Money Spiders, the Ruin-NATION of the United States by the Federal Reserve|I'm saying the American way is to overcome, to conquer, to come out on top. And we do it by spending and eating and screwing our women harder than anyone else. That's all I'm saying.
Victoria Scott, The Warrior|Caldris led them over to a large covered basket that sat on the stones near the docked dinghy. He undid the cover, reached in and removed a live kitten. "- Hello, you monstrous little necessity". "- Mrrrrwwwwww", said the monstrous little necessity.
Alexis Lawrence, Seasons: The Mysterious Woman|Su describes her anger as "a little femina, two centimeters tall" who claps inside her head every time she speaks out. "I'm dedicating my life to her, whatever the trends of the times. No more anger-sitters. No more camps or schools. No more lollipops. She's going to get all the advantages my expanse of years can provide, every opportunity to become whatever she wants to become, even if she wants to get married and have lots of little angers.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|Beauty is single. Only ugliness is multiple, and even then its multiplicity is soon exhausted.
Debasish Mridha|O moon! I may not be able to reach you or touch you with my hands, but I will never forget to kiss your silvery twinkling lips with my lovely eyes.
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|We're all captives, in one way or another . . .
Robert Anton Wilson, Cosmic Trigger 2: Down to Earth|Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history.
Flight of the Conchords, Flight of the Conchords|You know when I'm down to my socks it's time for businessThat's why they're called business socksIt's business, it's business time
Richard Due, The Moon Coin|Tavin cupped his hands to his mouth. “Here, dragon-dragon-dragon!” he yelled.Lily stared in amazement. Well, that was bold, she thought, and stupid.
Eoin Colfer, The Eternity Code|For someone who's smarter than a supercomputer, sometimes you're a real idiot.
Samantha Chase, Holiday Spice|At the unexpected sight of Spence, Colbie startled hard. How was it that he was the one who needed glasses and yet she’d not seen him standing against the window? “No, I don’t kill a lot of people,” she said cautiously because she was wearing only a towelin front of a strange man. “But I’m happy to make an exception.”He laughed, a rough rumble that was more than a little contagious but she controlled herself because, hello, she was once again dripping wet before the man who seemed to make her knees forget to hold her up.“I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said and pushed off the wall to come close.She froze, but he held up his hands like, I come in peace, and crouched at her feet to scoop up the clothes she hadn’t realized she’d dropped.Leggings, a long forgiving tee, and the peach silk bra-and-panty set that hadn’t gotten so much as a blink from the TSA guy.But it got one out of Spence. He also swallowed hard as she snatched them back from him.“Hold on,” he said and caught her arm, pulling it toward him to look at her bleeding elbow.“Sit,” he said and gently pushed her down to a weight bench. He vanished into the bathroom and came back out with a first aid kit.It took him less than two minutes to clean and bandage the scrape. Then, easily balanced at her side on the balls of his feet, he did the same for both her knees, which she hadn’t noticed were also scraped up.“You must’ve hit the brick coping as you fell in the fountain,” he said and let his thumb slide over the skin just above one bandaged knee.She shivered, and not from the cold either. “Not going to kiss it better?” she heard herself ask before biting her tongue for running away with her good sense.She’d raised her younger twin brothers. Scrappy, roughhouse wild animals, the both of them, so there’d been plenty of injuries she’d kissed over the years.But no one had ever kissed hers. Not surprising, since most of her injuries tended to be on the inside, where they didn’t show. Still, she was horrified she’d said anything at all. “I didn’t mean—”She broke off, frozen like a deer in the headlights as Spence slowly lowered his head, brushing his lips over the Band-Aid on her elbow, then her knees. When he lifted his head, he pushed his glasses higher on his nose, those whiskey eyes warm and amused behind his lenses. “Better?”Shockingly better. Since she didn’t quite trust her voice at the moment, she gave a jerky nod and took her clothes back into the bathroom. She shut the door and then leaned against it, letting out a slow, deliberate breath. Holy cow, she was out of her league. He was somehow both cute and hot, and those glasses .
Henry David Thoreau, The Portable Thoreau|That's the world out there, little green apples and infectious disease.
Brad Pitt|Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.
Rishabh Surya|But death has taken root inside you and you know it will grow, like a cancer with a voice, from now until the day it consumes you whole.
Carol Leifer|There's only one thing worse than a man who doesn't have strong likes and dislikes, and that's a man who has strong likes and dislikes without the courage to voice them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The more you give, the more you have much to keep giving.
Tony Earley|Sexiness, particularly in movies, is the chess game in the 'Thomas Crown Affair'. It's, it's, I don't know, but Faye Dunaway comes up a lot in that thinking. It's the subtlety of sexiness. The moment you try to be sexy, then it's not.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Wouldn’t it be wonderful to be a natural communicator and know exactly what, when, why, and how to speak so that your message is conveyed and received as you intend?
Ezra Taft Benson|Each of us is under a divinely spoken obligation to reach out with pardon and mercy and to forgive one another. There is a great need for this Christlike attribute in our families, in our marriages, in our wards and stakes, in our communities, and in our nations. We will receive the joy of forgiveness in our own lives when we are willing to extend that joy freely to others. Lip service is not enough. We need to purge our hearts and minds of feelings and thoughts of bitterness and let the light and the love of Christ enter in. As a result, the Spirit of the Lord will fill our souls with the joy accompanying divine peace of conscience.
VicDo|But his own mind was helpless against every moment's headline. He did nothing but leap into the mass of changes and explore them and all the tiny facets so eventually he was completely governed by fears of certainty. He distrusted it in anyone but Nora for there it went to the spine, and yet he attacked it again and again in her, cruelly, hating it, the sure lanes of the probable. Breaking chairs and window glass doors in fury at her certain answers. [15-16]
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|The rare opportunity to exist, no matter how brief, is worth the pain left in the wake of its disappearance.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You don’t need to travel far to make people happy. When you make people nearer to you happy, people farther away from you will surely come. Keep doing it!
B.K.S. Iyengar, Light on Life|You must purge yourself before finding faults in others.When you see a mistake in somebody else, try to find if you are making the same mistake.This is the way to take judgment and to turn it into improvement.Do not look at others' bodies with envy or with superiority.All people are born with different constitutions.Never compare with others.Each one's capacities are a function of his or her internal strength.Know your capacities and continually improve upon them.
Jim Elliot|The will of God is sweet tonight, altogether ‘good and acceptable and perfect.’ The considerate love of the Lord Jesus for us seems such a kind thing now. I know it has always been so, but somehow I didn’t see how wise it was when it didn’t seem kind… Remind me of this when I cannot regard His love as considerate some time.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|The humans had killed a dragon here or there for food. Just as a dragon had killed a human here and there for food. The dragons had never been told there was a being on this realm that wasna to be eaten."	Lexi twisted her lips in revulsion.	"You eat nearly every animal on this planet, do you no'?"	"That's different."	"Hardly," he stated.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|But it is the same with man as with the tree. The more he seeks to rise into the height and light, the more vigorously do his roots struggle earthword, downword, into the dark, the deep - into evil.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|As Mo had said: writing stories is a kind of magic, too.
Farshad Asl|Live with compassion, work with confidence, and create opportunities for others to conquer the world.
Charles Dickens|In cricket, my superhero is Sachin Tendulkar. He has always been my hero and will continue to remain so. Apart from him and outside cricket, my mother has remained my inspiration. Whatever difficult time I had faced, she was always there for me. She has given me all the strength. She maintained her composure and supported me in tough times.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|We are energy, and like all energy, we are in constant change.
Peace Gypsy, Souls Deep : From a Professional Dreamer|And thank you for saying all of that, and for loving me, for you haven't gone unloved, or unadmired, yourself.
Al Franken, Al Franken, Giant of the Senate|Paul's greatest contribution to the progressive cause wasn't what he accomplished in the senate, although he accomplished a lot. It's the way he inspired others to take action, and taught them to be effective, and gave them the confidence to stand up and shout about what they believed it.
C. JoyBell C.|I propitiated the knife-wielding deities with presents of books. The gifts to them and the head of nursing were also meant to acknowledge that although people get paid to do their jobs, you cannot pay someone to do their job passionately and wholeheartedly. Those qualities are not for sale; they are themselves gifts that can only be given freely, and are in many, many fields.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Things change after you die, though, I guess because dying is the loneliest thing you can do.
Aleksandar Hemon|There's a psychological mechanism, I've come to believe, that prevents most of us from imagining the moment of our own death. For if it were possible to imagine fully that instant of passing from consciousness to nonexistence, with all the attendant fear and humiliation of absolute helplessness, it would be very hard to live. It would be unbearably obvious that death is inscribed in everything that constitutes life, that any moment of your existence may be only a breath away from being the last. We would be continuously devastated by the magnitude of that inescapable fact. Still, as we mature into our mortality, we begin to gingerly dip our horror-tingling toes into the void, hoping that our mind will somehow ease itself into dying, that God or some other soothing opiate will remain available as we venture into the darkness of non-being.
Justin Torres, Wilde Stories 2012: The Year’s Best Gay Speculative Fiction|All that pent up longing,” he says, “all that desire to flail and flap around. Them wings have needs.
A. Edward Newton, This Book Collecting Game|There are few finer or more innocent pleasures than talking books to one who knows. There may be joy in heaven- I am told there is- but the evidence is not conclusive, and I'll take mine here in my library.
Charles R. Swindoll|To preach Christ is to feed the soul, to justify it, to set it free, and to save it, if it believes the preaching.
Guy Fieri|That's the good thing about being president, I can do whatever I want.
Max Barry, Syrup|She’s such a bitch,” Tina says, which I find a little contradictory, but overall quite true. “She’s got to be in charge of everything.”I sit next to her. “Well, I guess. But in business, that’s leadership.”Tina stares at me for a second. “I can’t believe you consider that a positive trait. How about her inability to accept other points of view? Is it good leadership to be narrow, too?”“Focus,” I say. “They call that focus.”Tina stares at me. “Her paranoia?”“Business savvy.”“Compulsive need to have everything just how she wants it?”“Organizational skills.”“Aggressiveness?”“Aggressiveness,” I say, “is already a good thing.”“Jesus Christ,” Tina says, her eyebrow ring glinting in the morning sun. “Sometimes I worry about this country.
Joseph P. Bradley|What people are really after is, what is my stance on religion or spirituality or God? And I would say, if I find a word that came closest, it would be agnostic.
Graham Cooke, Developing Your Prophetic Gifting|Prophecy will confirm and broaden the vision; it cannot create one if nothing is there. Vision is created through prayer, seeking God and sharing our hearts with people in the work. If these things are absent we need to be restoring people to God, not creating vision for empty hearts.
Melissa Bruder, A Practical Handbook for the Actor|Do not hide who you are. These are a nurturer's hands. Cooking is hard and sometimes painful work, but you do it to share your gift with us. Your cooking improves our lives. Don't ever be ashamed of who you are.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|You believe stealing is wrong, but if your family was starving and could not afford bread, wouldn't you say it’s okay to steal a loaf to feed them?
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|The human experience of weakness is God's blueprint for calling attention to the supremacy of his Son. When miserably failing people continue to belong to, believe in, and worship Jesus, God is happy.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|The instinct to tell our children that they are better than someone else’s children, based on nothing more than the color of their skin, is now a fossilized aberration that serves no useful purpose.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
Robert Sheckley, Store of the Worlds: The Stories of Robert Sheckley| ‘Shall we go down and have a closer look?’ Hum asked.“ ‘All right. I think we have time — wait! What day is this?’“Hum calculated silently, then said, ‘The fifth day of Luggat.’“ ‘Damn,’ Cordovir said. ‘I have to go home and kill my wife.’“ ‘It’s a few hours before sunset,’ Hum said. ‘I think you have time to do both.’“Cordovir wasn’t sure. ‘I’d hate to be late.’“ ‘Well then. You know how fast I am,’ Hum said. ‘If it gets late, I’ll hurry back and kill her myself. How about that?’“ ‘That’s very decent of you.’ Cordovir thanked the younger man and together they slithered down the steep mountainside.
Dave Grohl|For more than four decades, the Libyan people have been ruled by a tyrant - Moammar Gaddafi. He has denied his people freedom, exploited their wealth, murdered opponents at home and abroad, and terrorized innocent people around the world - including Americans who were killed by Libyan agents.
Ann Radcliffe, The Italian, or the Confessional of the Black Penitents. a Romance. by Ann Radcliffe, ... in Three Volumes. ... the Second Edition. Volume 1 of 3|She was tranquil, but it was with the quietness of exhausted grief, not of resignation; and she looked back upon the past, and awaited the future, with a kind of out-breathed despair.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Obama’s election to the presidency in 2008 was treated more like acoronation, if not an intense religious ritual, by the establishment press anda fawning, glassy-eyed majority of Americans. Anyone who questionedanything at all about Obama was deemed to be a “hater” or, even worse,a racist.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|It's a terrible thing, I think, in life to wait until you're ready. I have this feeling now that actually no one is ever ready to do anything. There is almost no such thing as ready. There is only now. And you may as well as do it now. Generally speaking, now is as good a time as any.
Nina Wirk|Throughout her life, she held firm to her belief that even the smallest acts of kindness and generosity by the least of us can cause a ripple effect to change the world. Nina Wirk, Human Again
Natasha Dao|By living your true purpose with Love & Gratitude, you are abundantly living in oneness with the universe
Kazuo Ishiguro|There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
Gabrielle Black, Treating Murder|Another misconception is that desires are insatiable. Admittedly, for the small segment of society that is clinically deranged, this statement may not hold true. But for those seeking riches, pleasure, or power, too much of a good thing dulls the appetite.” – Jeremy Lyons [Survival of the Fittest]
Neal Stephenson|The point is: what happens in heaven?''Unknowable wonderfulness?' 'Nonsense. The answer is nothing. Nothing can happen because if something happens, in fact if something can happen, then it doesn't represent eternity. Our lives are about development, mutation and the possibility of change; that is almost a definition of what life is: change.''If you disable change, if you effectively stop time, if you prevent the possibility of the alteration of an individual's circumstances - and that must include at least the possibility that they alter for the worse - then you don't have life after death; you just have death.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|If you dont love somebody, it gets annoying if they tell you what to do or what to feel. When you love them, you get pleasure from their pleasure nad it makes it easy to serve. I didnt love God because i didnt know God. universe is not effected by time. Light exists outside of time.. It is still a mystery to physicists.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Besides the moral courage required to accept commissions in the Fifty-fourth at the time it was organizing, physical courage was also necessary, for the Confederate Congress, on May 1, 1863, passed an act, a potion of which read as follow: -Section IV. That every white person being a commissioned officer, or acting as such, who, during the present war, shall command negroes or mulattoes in arms against the Confederate States, or who shall arm, train, organize, or prepare negroes or mulattoes for military service against the Confederate States, or who shall voluntarily aid negroes or mulattoes in any military enterprise, attack, or conflict in such service, shall be deemed as inciting servile insurrection, and shall, if captured, be put to death or be otherwise punished at the discretion of the Court.
Virginia Alison|Brushing the clouds away from my eyes, I see clarity in the raindrop and beauty in the first ray of morning sun...Life is strange and wondrous...
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|We have already compared the benefits of theology and science. When the theologian governed the world, it was covered with huts and hovels for the many, palaces and cathedrals for the few. To nearly all the children of men, reading and writing were unknown arts. The poor were clad in rags and skins -- they devoured crusts, and gnawed bones. The day of Science dawned, and the luxuries of a century ago are the necessities of to-day. Men in the middle ranks of life have more of the conveniences and elegancies than the princes and kings of the theological times. But above and over all this, is the development of mind. There is more of value in the brain of an average man of to-day -- of a master-mechanic, of a chemist, of a naturalist, of an inventor, than there was in the brain of the world four hundred years ago.These blessings did not fall from the skies. These benefits did not drop from the outstretched hands of priests. They were not found in cathedrals or behind altars -- neither were they searched for with holy candles. They were not discovered by the closed eyes of prayer, nor did they come in answer to superstitious supplication. They are the children of freedom, the gifts of reason, observation and experience -- and for them all, man is indebted to man.
stephen christian, The Orphaned Anything's: Memoir of a Lesser Known|To succeed in this day and age, all you need to be ahead of the pack is to be informed, and turn the information into transformation for your betterment and that of others.
Anthony Bourdain|I love the phrase "I have a sweet tooth." I always want to say, "You're ordering it for your tooth? That's interesting, because it's going straight to your butt. I think your butt owed your tooth an explanation.
Albert Einstein|Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.
Deborah Bray Haddock, The Dissociative Identity Disorder Sourcebook|Like every living thing its prime characteristic is a blind, unreasoned instinct to survive.
Ryohgo Narita|Reality is such a pain. Those of us who were fed up with that kind of reality decided to remake it. We’d set up a partition, separate what’s important to us from what was trash, put only the things we loved on our side, and got rid of the rest.
Tara Moss|It is better to do what you love for work, but if it is your day job that enables an unpaid passion, then your life is still sweeter. What is important is that you make time for your dreams, not whether or not you get paid for it.
Abeer Allan|And like tea dissolving in hot water, the sun dissolved in the sky… creating a velvet horizon, announcing for the stars’ night dance with the moon, the awaited joy for the wounded souls. -- From Bali – The Rebirth
Jim DeMint|Women are living independently, but we don't yet have the social and economic policies behind us to support that independence.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Return to Stantasyland|I'm on a diet I plan to lose Guilt, Fear, Sin, and Doubt then I'll be confident enough to walk about.
Frank Miller, Sin City, Vol. 2: A Dame to Kill For|If someone's personhood is in doubt (or seen as lacking), all the easier to direct death wishes at them. When a tiny minority of them transgresses, their crimes of violence only confirm their abjection from the human [. . .] Anxiety, threat, dread, fear, and prejudice feed into the explanatory mechanisms that construct them as somehow beyond human, beyond mercy.
Michael Connelly, The Concrete Blonde|I'm relaxed, Belk. I call it Zen and the art of not giving a shit.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|When I'm born I'm black, when I grow up I'm black, when I'm in the sun I'm black, when I'm sick I'm black, when I die I'm black, and you... when you're born you're pink, when you grow up you're white, when you're cold you're blue, when you're sick you're blue, when you die you're green and you dare call me colored
David Ross, Teammate: My Journey in Baseball and a World Series for the Ages|If it [talent] isn’t strong enough to take the gaff of real training, then it’s not worth much.
Drew Carey|And later I thought, I can't think how anyone can become a director without learning the craft of cinematography.
lauren klarfeld|If you’ve gone to travel to have fun, you will most likely have no new choices to make. But if you have gone travelling to grow, then you are bound to have to make that choice—that of making a new home and welcoming people in it regardless of how different they are from you.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Midnight Ball|Saints preserve us,' Dr. Kellen said, and squeezed Galen's shoulder. 'What have we done to our youth?
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|I think my family has come a long way. The sad thing is that so many haven't. So many have stayed in their own little world. Some because they don't want to leave it, others because the world around them won't let them in.
Shellie Foltz, Love Under a Dark Sky|from Love Under a Dark Sky: "In the universe vastWe share a simple feastAmong creatures equally earthbound.Let us raise our hearts in gratitude,Our eyes in expectationOf a greater supper yetIn heavenly realms.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|History is a funny little creature. Do you remember visiting your old Aunt that autumn when the trees shone so very yellow, and how she owned a striped and unsocial cat, quite old and fat and wounded about the ears and whiskers, with a crooked, broken tail? That cat would not come to you no matter how you coaxed and called; it had its own business, thank you, and no time for you. But as the evening wore on, it would come and show some affection or favor to your Aunt, or your Father, or the old end-table with the stack of green coasters on it. You couldn’t predict who that cat might decide to love, or who it might decide to bite. You couldn’t tell what it thought or felt, or how old it might really be, or whether it would one day, miraculously, decide to let you put one hand, very briefly, on its dusty head.History is like that.Of course, unlike your Aunt’s cat, history is going on all around you, all the time, and is often quite lively. Sometimes it rests in a sunbeam for a peaceful century or two, but on the whole, history is always plotting, and it bites very hard. It stalks around the world, fickle and dissatisfied and often angry. It demands to be fed just a little earlier each day, until you find yourself carving meat from the bone as fast as you can, faster than you thought possible, just to satisfy it. Some people have a kind of marvelous talent for calming it and enticing it onto their laps. To some it will never even spare a glance.
James Curcio, Join My Cult!|If Americans simply choose to vote for the person who has a D or an R by their name, we will get what we deserve, which is what we have now.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Ms Rainn, when was the last time you visited a library for the books and not the free Internet it offers?
Elizabeth Blackwell|Love, Hope, and Reverence are realities of a different order from the senses, but they are positive and constant facts, always active, always working out mighty changes in human life.
Erin Hunter, Firestar's Quest|Maybe we will meet again in the paths of dreaming, but my heart tells me this is farewell.
Betty Williams|We see a new Ethiopia, a new Africa, stretching her hands of influence throughout the world, teaching man the way of life and peace, The Way to God.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|If you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt. Once we cross the deepest part of hurt, it doesn’t hurt anymore. . You become part of the eternal journey of love commences again
ابن قيم الجوزية|The slave is not afflicted with a punishment greater than the hardening of the heart and being distant from Allah. For the Fire was created to melt the hardened heart. The most distant heart from Allah is the heart which is hardened. If the heart becomes hardened, the eye becomes dry.
Debasish Mridha|You are the light of love in darkness. I am longing for you, oh my love!
Steven Magee|The people who work with solar photovoltaics (PV) tend to be sick, I've worked with many of them. They were showing classic symptoms of Radio Wave Sickness (RWS).
William Shatner|I love technology, and I love science. It's just always all in the way you use it. So there's no - you can't really blame anything on the technology. It's just the way people use it, and it always has been.
Franz Kafka, The Metamorphosis|However, Gregor had become much calmer. All right, people did not understand his words any more, although they seemed clear enough to him, clearer than previously, perhaps because had gotten used to them
Olugbenga michael adepoju|One mistake is enough for all your life. So, where is the place of a mischief-maker?
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|A positive mind reflects many of the Sun’s characteristics: brightness, nourishment, and vibrance.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|To renounce liberty is to renounce being a man, to surrender the rights of humanity and even its duties.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...yes I understand your spells—your sex magic—at least, I know this: all lights dim when you walk in...
Denis Diderot|A man acquainted with history may, in some respect, be said to have lived from the beginning of the world, and to have been making continual additions to his stock of knowledge in every century.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The clearest mirror in the universe is not made of glass, but of a loving soul.
Robin Downing|For centuries poets, some poets, have tried to give a voice to the animals, and readers, some readers, have felt empathy and sorrow. If animals did have voices, and they could speak with the tongues of angels--at the very least with the tongues of angels--they would be unable to save themselves from us. What good would language do? Their mysterious otherness has not saved them, nor have their beautiful songs and coats and skins and shells and eyes. We discover the remarkable intelligence of the whale, the wolf, the elephant--it does not save them, nor does our awareness of the complexity of their lives. Their strength, their skills, their swiftness, the beauty of their flights. It matters not, it seems, whether they are large or small, proud or shy, docile or fierce, wild or domesticated, whether they nurse their young or brood patiently on eggs. If they eat meat, we decry their viciousness; if they eat grasses and seeds, we dismiss them as weak. There is not one of them, not even the songbird who cannot, who does not, conflict with man and his perceived needs and desires. St. Francis converted the wolf of Gubbio to reason, but he performed this miracle only once and as miracles go, it didn’t seem to capture the public’s fancy. Humans don’t want animals to reason with them. It would be a disturbing, unnerving, diminishing experience; it would bring about all manner of awkwardness and guilt.
B. Murguia|After many missions in a plethora of peculiar realms, he’d managed to keep the fear of monsters locked away, but his own evil terrified him more than any demon. Snow fell hard, bodies fell harder.The snow was blue here, a shade lighter than the crystalline trees surrounding them. They were in the ice jungle of Eltika, where the undergrowth was littered with a thousand ice shards and the tree vines emitted vapour cold enough to cause frostbite.Arantay took time to survey the battle before his next opponent.
Laura Kalpakian, Educating Waverley|If, as I suspect, my body survives by uttering itself over and over again, then I have some questions. If [I] am one word, so are my daughters, so are all of us in strings and loops. Each life is one short word slowly uttered.
John le Carre|Your life changes. Everything has to be done perfectly, and I didn't follow that. I lived my life as if I wasn't in the public eye. I thought, 'I'm young. I have the right to experience new things, and if I want to go to a bar and get drunk, that's my prerogative.'
Craig Thompson, Blankets|Underwater, we're drowning victims, struggling over and under each others' bodies. But above, we bob with the tide,undercurrents pulling us just far enough apart ,so that we're drifting parallel but not together.
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|For you she learned to wear a short black slipand red lipstick,how to order a glass of red wineand finish it. She learned to reach outas if to touch your arm and then nottouch it, changing the su
Nurudeen Ushawu|I'm a believer, I believe in God, I believe in truth, I believe in righteousness.
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|Suddenly, however, the dastardly department of my personality presented two plans, one of which involved dynamite, mustache wax, some rope, and train tracks . . . which I rejected due to financial investment.
Galinda Glinda|Why are we learning about the past, when this is History?
Christine Feehan, Wild Fire|She didn't want soft and gentle. She needed his rough possession, claiming her, branding her, taking her in a firestorm of heat and flame that would end the world around them, leaving them nothing but ashes, clean and fierce and forever welded together.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|After a dream like that, you're grateful that it was just a dream, that no matter how bad your actual life, it couldn't be worse than your dream life. 
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|It's still easier to find the correct Hoover bag than to find one pure person, one pure faith, on the globe.
Nancy J. Cavanaugh, This Journal Belongs to Ratchet|I have studied many timesThe marble which was chiseled for me—A boat with a furled sail at rest in a harbor.In truth it pictures not my destinationBut my life.For love was offered me and I shrank from its disillusionment;Sorrow knocked at my door, but I was afraid;Ambition called to me, but I dreaded the chances.Yet all the while I hungered for meaning in my life.And now I know that we must lift the sailAnd catch the winds of destinyWherever they drive the boat.To put meaning in one’s life may end in madness,But life without meaning is the tortureOf restlessness and vague desire—It is a boat longing for the sea and yet afraid.
Kami Garcia|We are given to the great, for great purpose, to great ends. We are given to the grave, for grave purposes, to grave ends.
