Nicholas Kristof|My dad didn't have a formal education, but he had a wonderful vocabulary. So in 'Harvest,' I wanted my main character to be an innately intelligent man who would have the vocabulary to say whatever he wanted in the same way as lots of working-class people can.
Deonté Jack|It"s easier to believe there's a monster under the bed if you've spent the last six months arguing with a monster.
Rudyard Kipling, If: A Father's Advice to His Son|If you can keep your head when all about youAre losing theirs and blaming it on you,If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,But make allowance for their doubting too;!
Alfred North Whitehead|If we must die, we die defending our rights.
Charlie Human, Apocalypse Now Now|I don't remember a single monster before I met you.' he'd told Amphibian. 'Now they seem to be all over the place.''You mean there wasn't anything you were afraid of?' the Amphibian had asked him.'lots.''What did they look like?'It was a funny question.'They didn't look like anything. They were ideas,' Tom told him. 'Like not being able to pay rent, or being lonely.''That's the most terrifying thing I've ever heard.' the Amphibian replied.
Caroline Kennedy|Working with Chaplin was very amusing and strange. His films are so funny, but working with him, I found him to be a very serious man. Whereas the films of Hitchcock are macabre, he could be a very funny man to work with, always telling jokes and holding court. Of course, when I worked with Charlie he was getting older.
RC deWinter|Honesty is the most talked about, the most desired but, at same time, one of the rarest qualities in present day world.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Fire False Friends as early as possible. Do it before they dig out the dream seeds you've planted! The earlier, the better; the quicker, the safer!
Ash Gray, The Seaglass Stair|:Do you trust me?: Wareska quietly linked.:To stay alive? No. You and the monster will get lost in riddles and philosophizing. Then you will make some grand, heroic gesture, poorly thought-out and overestimating your own strength, and when the creature has roasted you alive, I will be the one sweeping up the ashes – figuratively speaking, of course. Lest we forget, I do not have hands.:
Francis Quarles|And to get real work experience, you need a job, and most jobs will require you to have had either real work experience or a graduate degree.
Mary Beard, SPQR: A History of Ancient Rome|Hunting, bathing, gaming, laughing: that's living (venari lavare ludere ridere occest vivere).
H. L. Mencken|I don't want my marriage or my guns registered in Washington. And if people have an opinion, it's a religious opinion that is heartly felt, obviously they should be allowed to practice that, and no government should interfere with them.
Vivien Leigh|Henry Jones: I didn't know you could fly a plane!Indiana Jones: Fly -- yes, land -- no.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Because materialists cannot understand Krsna spiritually, they are advised to concentrate the mind on physical things and try to see how Krsna is manifested by physical representations.
Nakia R. Laushaul|Some instances in life call for humility. But, sometimes you need to be flat-out brazen when it comes to the desires of your heart.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|A number of years ago I had some experience with being alone. For two succeeding years I was alone each winter for eight months at a stretch in the Sierra Nevada mountains on Lake Tahoe. I was the caretaker on a summer estate during the winter months when it was snowed in. And I made some observations then. As time went on I found that my reactions thickened. Ordinarily I am a whistler. I stopped whistling. I stopped conversing with my dogs, and I believe that the subtleties of feeling began to disappear until finally I was on a pleasure-pain basis. Then it occurred to me that the delicate shades of feeling, of reaction, are the result of communication, and without such communication they tend to disappear. A man with nothing to say has no words. Can its reverse be true- a man who has no one to say anything to has no words as he has no need for words? ... Only through imitation do we develop toward originality.
Glen Cook, Chronicles of the Black Company|Ultimately evil is done not so much by evil people, but by good people who do not know themselves and who do not probe deeply.
Virginia H. Pearce|namaste - it means, roughly translated, "I honor the Deity within you." that is precisely what we do when we open our hearts to another; we honor the fact that he or she, like us, is a child or the same loving Father, worthy of all respect and careful attention.
Tom Robbins|The writer crafts their ideal world. In my world, everyone has really long conversations or just picks apart pop culture to death and everyone talks in monologue.
Shannon Duffy, Awakening|Without the Dreamscape, we can’t sleep.My parents remind me all the time about stories their parents told them, of how things were in the Manic Age. The time before our bodies were upgraded to sync with the amazing invention called the Dreamscape. Thirty-eight years ago, people actually had to fall asleep on their own and, sometimes, they would toss and turn for hours. My grandparents said when sleep, in its mercy, did come, it often brought with it horrible images I’ve heard people used to call nightmares.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|Peace be upon you, for you have persevered! How excellent, then, this fulfilment in the hereafter!
M.F.K. Fisher, The Gastronomical Me|There he got out the luncheon-basket and packed a simple meal, in which, remembering the stranger's origin and preferences, he took care to include a yard of long French bread, a sausage out of which the garlic sang, some cheese which lay down and cried, and a long-necked straw-covered flask wherein lay bottled sunshine shed and garnered on far Southern slopes.
Shannon L. Alder|In order to master compassion, you have to spend time getting to know monsters. When you can do that you will see that there are no monsters, only people that acted like monsters because no one gave them the time or compassion to hear their story.
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|I rushed to the living room to protect myself from I don't know what, behind my best friend, a book.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you are pure in intention and in alignment with beauty and love, in body and mind, the highest levels of your spiritual self will subsume your weaknesses.
Alethea Kontis, Enchanted|If the bird was made, it chose to be made. It's here because it chooses to be with you.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Before you get a beautiful feet, you must first of all get it dirty.That is what Christ did. He went to the souls out there and ministered to their needs. Let the church leave their comfort zones(air condition auditoriums) to the souls out there. when the church get its feet dirty, Christ will make it beautiful by washing it.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Making All Things New and Other Classics|Each of us needs periods in which our minds can focus inwardly. Solitude is an essential experience for the mind to organize its own processes and create an internal state of resonance. In such a state, the self is able to alter its constraints by directly reducing the input from interactions with others. (p. 235)
Srividya Srinivasan|There are no losers,Only those that do not know what they won.
Indy Bissessur|By the river of forgetfulness, I found honesty.
William Shakespeare|A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men.
Stephen R. Bown, Scurvy: How a Surgeon, a Mariner, and a Gentleman Solved the Greatest Medical Mystery of the Age of Sail|Before Lind's experiments, scurvy was not clearly defined as a disease.The term was used as a catchphrase to include all manner of nautical ailments.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|But no matter how ferociously pitiable is the dried up graveyard, the sand and barrenness and the sluggish little stream have their own persistent individual damnation. The world is at least so constructed that its treasures may be damned each in a different manner and degree.
Trevor Ravenscroft, The Spear of Destiny|Good works" are those works that have their origin in Jesus Christ--whose activity is released through your body, presented to Him as a living sacrifice by a faith that expresses total dependence, as opposed to the Adamic independence (Rom. 12:1, 2).
Marvin Hagler|No partnership between two independent companies, no matter how well run, can match the speed, effectiveness, responsiveness and efficiency of a solely owned company.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|Other forces were at work besides conformism. But without the conformists, the great atrocities would have been impossible.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Be stern in the council-chamber, [Show no weakness, and insist on your plans being ratified by the sovereign.] so that you may control the situation.
Fela Durotoye|Withheld potential is a "CRIME TO HUMANITY
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Oh, I have plenty of problems with Rabbit, it’s just that my comfort level with his name is standing in line behind about a hundred more important things.
Genevieve Cogman, The Invisible Library|After all,'I've been thinking' meant she had previously identified the parameters and analyzed all the branching considerations.
Malak El Halabi|He wasn't like those handsome men you see on the fashion billboards. He was handsome in a rugged way like a wood cutter with an unkept beard or a man who just finished fixing the engine of his car, wiping his oily hands over his white flannel shirt. Like a man who knows that he has starry eyes that can bring stars closer but doesn't even bother to look.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone|Peoples do not judge in the same way as courts of law; they do not hand down sentences, they throw thunderbolts; they do not condemn kings, they drop them back into the void; and this justice is worth just as much as that of the courts.
Marie de France|One does not fall in love; one grows into love, and love grows in him.
Michael Upchurch|The ultimate luxury is to reread: to revisit a book to see how time has treated it, how memory has distorted it, or how my own passing years have cast a new light on it.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|The art of letting go is simply about personal empowerment. Realizing what you’re in charge of, realizing what you control, and more importantly, what you don’t control.
Geoffrey O'Brien, Sonata for Jukebox: An Autobiography of My Ears|Scattered among these things are reminders that sound once existed: a metronome, a drumming pad, a guitar pick, a trumpet mouthpiece, a music stand, a tuning fork, a block of rosin...The older instruments bear the marks of those who have already played them, the scuffs and bites and dents that are the mysterious scars of sound. In their midst the house hangs, tenuous and enveloping, a sounding board waiting to be struck.
Hugh B. Brown|Daja doesn't exactly need to be tested on whether she's honorable or not." "Doesn't she? Don't all of you? This is your first taste of the things which may come from your being powerful mages. People will offer you gold, status, even love. I want to know how you will react. If want to know if your teachers will release greedy, thoughtless monsters into the world.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Much that for us is fraught with with happiness or misery, remains almost unnoticed by the rest of the world.
Michael Chabon, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh|I was conscious, then, of a different ache, deeper and more sharp than the feeling of bereavement that a hangover will sometimes uncover in the heart.
H.G. Wells, Tono-Bungay|What I want to know is, in the Middle Ages, did they do anything for Housemaid's Knee? What did they put in their hot baths after jousting?
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|But love, I’ve come to understand, is more than three words mumbled before bedtime. Love is sustained by action, a pattern of devotion in the things we do for each other every day.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|I always feel when I meet people that I am lower than all, and that they all take me for a buffoon; so I say let me play the buffoon, for you are, every one of you, stupider and lower than I." He longed to revenge himself on every one for his own unseemliness. He suddenly recalled how he had once in the past been asked, "Why do you hate so and so, so much?" And he had answered them, with his shameless impudence, "I'll tell you. He has done me no harm. But I played him a dirty trick, and ever since I have hated him.
Hajin Yoo, Totally Captivated, Volume 5|Fox Jung...I dunno why I get so hungry whenever I see you. Just once...if I could swallow you up in one bite, just once...I'd never need anything else.""Now, I'm really scared...that one day, I'll open my eyes and find myself inside your stomach.
Rob McElhenney|It's a grim business, this being funny. Every time you come up with a strong, satiric idea, the world tops it.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|It's easier to bleed than sweat, Mr. Motes.
Oliver Gaspirtz|Some guys like to undermine a girl's self-esteem with little verbal jabs. Eventually it all adds up. One bee sting doesn't hurt a horse, but enough bee stings can kill a horse.
Diana Wynne Jones|And, suddenly, as if her head cleared, she was quite sure that wonderful things did indeed exist. Even if they're only in my own mind, she thought, they're there and worth fighting for.
Henry David Thoreau, Life Without Principle|If a man walk in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer; but if he spends his whole day as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making earth bald before her time, he is esteemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.
Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip|Now listen. Faith is like oxygen. It keeps you afloat at all times. Sometimes you need it. Sometimes you don’t. but when you do need it you better be practiced at having faith, otherwise it won’t work. That’s why the missionaries built all the churches. Before we got those churches we weren’t practicing enough. That’s what prayers are for—practice, children. Practice.
Andy Weir, The Martian|I'm calling it the Watney Triangle because after what I've been through, shit on Mars should be named after me.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|If you are good, they say you are weak.
Anita Diament|The police cannot protect the citizen at this stage of our development, and they cannot even protect themselves in many cases. It is up to the private citizen to protect himself and his family, and this is not only acceptable, but mandatory.
Lisa Kleypas, Crystal Cove|She did not come, her memories is remainedIn The desire to meet them, my is spoiled
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When a man meets the right woman, he meets a new strength!
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|The world changes too fast. You take your eyes off something that's always been there, and the next minute it's just a memory.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Good words," I replied. "But deeds must prove it also; and after he is well, remember you don't forget resolutions formed in the hour of fear.
Kat Howard, Roses and Rot|This is what happens, when things are not quite a fairy tale.You go into the woods to find your story. If you are brave, if you are fortunate, you walk out of them to find your life.
Langston Hughes|Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams dieLife is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly.
Joanne Madeline Moore, Love and Sex Signs: Venus, Mars and Astrology|Lust, desire and passion. They can turn a wallflower into a sexual predator and a rational person into a raving lunatic.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton|Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Father and Future Felon|If your firm gives you a choice of departments, think carefully about which practice area will best suit your personality. Keep in mind that your specialty will affect not only the type of legal services you’ll perform, but also the skills and knowledge you’ll develop. And it’s important to remember that at a large firm, you’ll likely only get one choice. There are very few attorneys at large firms who have more than one specialty, or change specialties down the road. As a result, the first choice you make is likely to affect the work you do for years to come.If, for some reason, you get stuck with a specialty you don’t like, make a change as soon as possible. The longer you wait, the harder it is to jump to another specialty. For one thing, as lawyers gain seniority, their firms may resist the change for fear of a loss of expertise that took the firm years to nurture and develop. Even if your firm does let you change specialties down the road, it may reduce your seniority or salary to reflect your newly acquired inexperience in your new practice area.Changing specialties further on in your career can also impair your marketability in the legal community. After all, if you make a change when your salary has reached a high level, other firms who culd hire you might choose not to, feeling they can get attorneys more experienced in the specialty for less money. Because your future potential in your new specialty is less valuable to a new employer than your past experience in your old specialty, it’s very easy to get “pigeon-holed” in a particular practice area after just a few years in practice.
C.J. Milbrandt, Into the Hills: A Zane Johns Adventure|Face it, friends. For this journey, roads are optional.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries with Kids: When to Say Yes, When to Say No to Help Your Children Gain Control of Their Lives|I know my kids will be incredible, just not as great as me.
Matthew Norman, Domestic Violets|True Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders
Carole King|Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
Melanie Cusick-Jones, Faris and Jack|For the first time in his life Faris felt happy and for only the second time in his life he felt he’d found a friend, and that was worth being crazy for.
Alice McDermott|But like all moments trapped in time, that moment would end and Joey Boldt, as all the greats before him did, would begin to understand that clinging too tightly to anything results in Time and Fate shaking you until you can't hold on any longer. And then, when you are knocked for a six and lose your grip, they allow you to spiral into a freefall where men are broken and legends are made.
William Shakespeare, Othello|Have not we affections and desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?
Jasper Fforde|I certainly didn't say while writing 'Gossip Girl,' 'Oh this is going to be big!' It was really like, 'Oh god, everyone's gong to hate these people! They're so bratty!' But I actually think what is so appealing about them is the humor in them.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|One cannot trust a path, because the path is different for each person who takes it. One can only trust a person to choose the path that best represents their values and experiences.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has enlightened view (right belief; samkiti), he indeed does not have any problems, anywhere. He remains only the Knower-Seer everywhere. As long as there is any problem or objection, it cannot indeed be called samkit (enlightened view, right belief).
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde|You bastard, stop that whistling and fight me like a man!
Kellie Thacker, Redemption|I knew it all along," he murmured in my ear."What did you know?"His cool breath blew in my ear as he exhaled. "You are my redemption." --Caleb Raines; Redemption
Gemma B. Benton, Then She Sang A Willow Song: Reclaiming Life and Power with the Ancestors|Our Ancestors knew that healing comes in cycles and circles.One generation carries the pain so that the next can live and heal.One cannot live without the other, each is the other's hope, meaning & strength.
William Manchester, The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill: Visions of Glory 1874-1932|There was, however, a difference between his mood and that of the rest of the cabinet. They felt desperate; he felt challenged.
Elisabeth Elliot|Either we are adrift in chaos or we are individuals, created, loved, upheld and placed purposefully, exactly where we are. Can you believe that? Can you trust God for that?
J.L.Clayton|Sometimes I think that everyone has a tragedy waiting for them, that the people buying milk in their pajamas or picking their noses at stoplights could only be moments away from disaster. That everyone's life, no matter how unremarkable, has a moment when it will become extraordinary--a single encounter after which everything that really matters will happen.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|Next door but one is Quinlan Broddle, a Viceroy with a fear of gardens. So much so that he sold his garden to Virgin Atlantic and his erstwhile front lawn is now a runway where miniature helicopters and packets of crisps undertake sorties to 1940’s Dresden where they have made several dozen unsuccessful attempts to rescue the Quaker Oats man, who is being held captive by the SS on the basis that his hair looks like ice cream.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Information is the key to success, anywhere and everywhere.
Friedrich Schiller|If you are a sparrow, don’t attack the eagle; be wise! If you are an eagle, don’t attack the sparrow; be just!
Heinrich Heine|And yonder sits a maiden, The fairest of the fair, With gold in her garment glittering, And she combs her golden hair.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Don't allow yourself to be fooled by how "nice" a person appears to be, measure a person's virtuousness by the way in which they treat others with their words and actions .
Hal Herzog, Some We Love, Some We Hate, Some We Eat: Why It's So Hard to Think Straight About Animals|These Cro-Magnon people were identical to us: they had the same physique, the same brain, the same looks. And, unlike all previous hominids who roamed the earth, they could choke on food. That may seem a trifling point, but the slight evolutionary change that pushed man's larynx deeper into his throat, and thus made choking a possibility, also brought with it the possibility of sophisticated, well articulated speech. Other mammals have no contact between their air passages and oesophagi. They can breathe and swallow at the same time, and there is no possibility of food going down the wrong way. But with Homo sapiens food and drink must pass over the larynx on the way to the gullet and thus there is a constant risk that some will be inadvertently inhaled. In modern humans, the lowered larynx isn't in position from birth. It descends sometime between the ages of three and five months - curiously, the precise period when babies are likely to suffer from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. At all events, the descended larynx explains why you can speak and your dog cannot.
Philip Pullman, The Broken Bridge|I don't know where I belong, so I'm free. No one's got a hold on me.
Sally Koslow, The Widow Waltz|It's a fool who thinks that having a kid is a right, which is the biggest crock of fishheads I’ve ever heard. You have a responsibility, not only to a person but also to a spirit because that’s what a child is. A pissing, crying, yawning, giggling, laughing package of spirit that is looking for you to take the lead. It’s a heck of a responsibility to look after a spirit.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|The world the Citadel is building has no place in it for sorcery or prophecy or glass candles, much less for dragons.
C.S. Lewis, Christian Reflections|Authority, reason, experience; on these three, mixed in varying proportions all our knowledge depends.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|Well, here were the ugly facts. She had no mad-ninja-skillz to rely on and her family didn’t know where she was. She didn’t know where she was. The only way she was leaving was if this creature allowed it.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Jimmy Murray, you are an ass,' said Aunt Ruth, angrily.'Well, we're cousins,' agreed Cousin Jimmy pleasantly.
Robert  Morrow, Ringing True|If you want to know what a truly healthy relationship is, it’s one where both people wake up every morning and say, “I choose to be with this person.
Richard House, The Kills|Everything changed after AIDS,” Dr. Molnár had just explained to him. “From then on, blood was more dangerous than shit.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|Her husband and her children did not consider her beyond criticism. She belonged to them; whatever she did affected them; their pride, their good name in the world lay in her hands. They would give her love, protection, even a sort of homage, but in return for that she must be what they wanted and needed her to be.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!|Don’t wait for success, use Cosmic Ordering.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Change is inevitable, progress is not.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|Even they would think you a monster were you toorchestrate a divorce right after my confinement.”“How long do you recommend I wait, then?”“A long time. I know what happens when a divorce is granted:The woman never gets anything. And I will not be parted from my child.”“So you will contest the divorce?”“To my last penny. And then I’ll borrow from Fitz and Millie.”“So we’ll be married ’til the end of time?”“The sooner you accept it, the sooner we are all better off.”His ancestors would have appreciated her hauteur: a fit wife for a de Montfort. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I must have enough rest.”He gazed at her retreating back. Foolish woman, did she not realize that he’d already accepted it from the moment he’d said “I do”?
Tiana Dalichov, Purification|Fear is a natural emotion in life, but you cannot let it dictate your actions. When you act out of fear, you will only meet failure. But act out of determination to conquer that fear, and you will succeed at anything. Maybe not the first time, or the second or third, but eventually—as long as you keep trying—you can conquer your fears and succeed.
Kathleen Bittner Roth, Alanna|Sometimes love cut so deep it causes terrible pain, or crosses paths with the joy of his present experiences.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|Cancer doesn’t give a shit how much you want to live. If it wants to kill you, it will.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Is my faith so terribly pathetic that I have diminished God to the point that I doubt His ability to survive in the very world that He came to save? Indeed, I have done exactly that. And all I need to do to beat that mentality is to remember that a baby born in a manger with every disadvantage imaginable stills lives today.
Leo Buscaglia|Among the great names that adorn the roll of Nobel prize-winners in Medicine is that of Otto Meyerhof, my admired teacher and friend, to whose inspiration, guidance and encouragement I owe so very much.
Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle|Partout où il y a représentation indépendante, le spectacle se reconstitue.
Alexandra Silber, After Anatevka: A Novel Inspired by Fiddler on the Roof|For now, I look to God, for I know He will respond to my questions. For I believe, in the deepest part of my heart, that He shall truly bring us into a frame of mind where we may hear His greatest responses . . . Perhaps not the final answers, but at the very least, the next response we need.
Steve Jobs|I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.
Daniel Pipes|I've always loved history, from my youngest memories. My father enjoyed the great stories of history, like Hereward the Wake, Robin Hood, and Richard the Lionheart, and he shared them with me. I went on to do a degree in history, though I found it rather dry, because it was mostly about politics rather than dashing individuals!
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|To reprove a harm-doer, put him to shame by doing a good deed in return.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|The question up for debate between Socrates and Phaedrus is whether the written word kills memory or aids it--whether it cripples the mind's power, or whether it cures it of its forgetfulness.
Steven Erikson|Children understood at a very young age that doing nothing was an expression of power. Doing nothing was a choice swollen with omnipotence. It was, in fact, godly.And this, she now realized, was the reason why the gods did nothing. Proof of their omniscience. After all, to act was to announce awful limitations, for it revealed that chance acted first, the accidents were just that--events beyond the will of the gods--and all they could do in answer was to attempt to remedy the consequences, to alter natural ends. To act, then, was an admission of fallibility.
John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids|I don't think it had ever occurred to me that man's supremacy is not primarily due to his brain, as most of the books would have one think. It is due to the brain's capacity to make use of the information conveyed to it by a narrow band of visible light rays. His civilization, all that he had achieved or might achieve, hung upon his ability to perceive that range of vibrations from red to violet. Without that, he was lost.
Timothy J. Keller|Not everyone understands what a completely rational process this is, this maintenance of a motorcycle. They think it's some kind of "knack" or some kind of "affinity for machines" in operation. They are right, but the knack is almost purely a process of reason, and most of the troubles are caused by what old time radio men called a "short between the earphones," failures to use the head properly. A motorcycle functions entirely in accordance with the laws of reason, and a study of the art of motorcycle maintenance is really a miniature study of the art of rationality itself.
Andrew James Pritchard|To practice tantra requires even greater compassion and greater intelligence than are required on the sutra path; thus, though many persons in the degenerate era are interested in tantra, tantra is not for degenerate persons. Tantra is limited to persons whose compassion is so great that they cannot bear to spend unnecessary time in attaining Buddhahood, as they want to be a supreme source of help and happiness for others quickly.
Jess Walter, The Financial Lives of the Poets|I don't know what I expected – no maybe I do, Al Pacino from Scarface- but this drug dealer is more like Al Pacino at the beginning of The Godfather reasonably bemused, untouched by his criminal world, sitting with Diane Keaton whispering about Luca Brazzi, not yet asleep with the fishes, or like Al Pacino from Glengarry Glen Ross, although actually, now that I think about it, he's not like Al Pacino at all but more like Kevin Spacey from that film, and who's ever been afraid of Kevin Spacey?
Charles Caleb Colton|Moderation is the inseparable companion of wisdom, but with it genius has not even a nodding acquaintance.
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|I say awkward things at awkward times, without feeling awkward.
Wendy Welch, The Little Bookstore of Big Stone Gap: A Memoir of Friendship, Community, and the Uncommon Pleasure of a Good Book|I was made for the library, not the classroom. The classroom was a jail of other people's interests. The library is open, unending, free.
Daphne du Maurier, Echoes from the Macabre: Selected Stories|There are many things worth telling that are not quite narrative. And eternity itself possesses no beginning, middle or end. Fossils, arrowheads, castle ruins, empty crosses: from the Parthenon to the Bo Tree to a grown man's or woman's old stuffed bear, what moves us about many objects is not what remains but what has vanished. There comes a time, thanks to rivers, when a few beautiful old teeth are all that remain of the two-hundred-foot spires of life we call trees. There comes a river, whose current is time, that does a similar sculpting in the mind.
Louise Bagshawe, Glamour|This isn't goodbye. It's "see you later".
Henry Miller, Black Spring|You want to go out to dinner sometime?Sorry, no. I'm married, not hungry, infected with seven unknown diseases, gay, pregnant with lizards and clinically dead.
Criss Jami, Healology|No matter how long a shallow foundation supports a luxuriant structure, it will always collapse back to its thin rank, flouting out emotions.
bell hooks|Protest and anger practically always derives from hope, and the shouting out against injustice is always in the hope of those injustices being somewhat corrected and a little more justice established.
Renee Topper, Pigment: The Limbs of the Mukuyu Tree|She raises her hands to the sky and breathes it in, she starts spinning, enjoying the feel and energy of this Africa. She floats, her long skirt swaying with the dry grass in the breeze with her spirals, her sandaled feet covered in dust. She is part of Africa. She has never felt so free and happy.
Lee Goldberg, Mr. Monk in Outer Space|After doing this work or the past twelve years and watching scarcity ride roughshod over our families, organizations, and communities, I'd say the one thing we have in common is that we're sick of feeling afraid. we want to dare greatly. We're tired of the national conversation centering on "What should we fear" and "Who should we blame?" We all want to be brave.
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|He paused and let out a little sigh. Then I’m saying it wrong, because it has everything to do with you. I want what Hades and Persephone had, and I can’t do it without you. The only time the queen of the Everneath has been overthrown is when an Everliving has found his perfect match. I’ve spent my whole life - and it’s a long one, trust me - looking for my perfect match, and it’s you. I knew you were different from the first moment I met you. The first moment you placed your hands on mine. You remember?
John Fowles|Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.
Thomas Keller|Psychology is as important as substance. If you treat people with respect, they will go out of their way to accommodate you. If you treat them in a patronizing way, they will go out of their way to make your life difficult.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|Waiters are the help, dear. It's like falling in love with a blender!
Sunday Adelaja|If a person wants to be a true Christian, then he will endeavor to know Jesus and press towards being like Him in all things in order to reveal Him to the world.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|I've done this sort of thing before. Not prophecies so much, but you'd be surprised how many people want to realign their ancestral lines to seem nobler, or rewrite their family history to remove more morally questionable episodes." He paused to recall a recent rewrite. "One lord wanted the murderers removed from his family line. His family was so corrupt, he ended up with three virgin births, two generations removed entirely and a lady who gave birth at the age of two. Still, no one questions it as there is evidence in the archives." Bubo smugly tapped a book. "There is one thing though, faking a prophecy in the past is easy, you already know the result. How will you make this come true in the future?""I have someone in mind for it, but I'm not sure he'll go for it. But then prophecy is all optional anyway." Corvid looked up as if a thought had occurred to him. "I'd best go check on my man, I've not met him yet.
Archie Lee, That's the Way She Is: What Jack Needs To Know About Jill|Be generous, kind and compassionate. These are true characteristics of successful people.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I never have time to write anymore. And when I do I only write about how I never have time. It's work and it's money and I've written more lists than songs lately. I stay up all night to do all these things I need to do, be all these things I want to be, playing with shadows in the darkness that shouldn't be able to exist. Empty bottles and cigarettes while watching the sunrise, why do I complain? I have it all, everything I ever asked for.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|He said, "Just as there exists in writing a literal truth and a poetic truth, there also exists in a human being a literal anatomy and a poetic anatomy. One, you can see; one, you cannot. One is made of bones and teeth and flesh; the other is made of energy and memory and faith. But both are equally true.
Robert F. Kennedy|Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring those ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.
Louisa May Alcott|My students often ask me, 'What is sociology?' And I tell them, 'It's the study of the way in which human beings are shaped by things that they don't see.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|While stabbing someones back, you recklessly expose your own.
Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard|We just philosophize, complain of boredom, or drink vodka. It's so clear, you see, that if we're to begin living in the present, we must first of all redeem our past and then be done with it forever. And the only way we can redeem our past is by suffering and by giving ourselves over to exceptional labor, to steadfast and endless labor.
Julie Tetel Andresen|Nothing to say. I used to be a ghostwriter for a publisher.’‘Medieval stuff?’‘Eighty-page love stories. You have this guy, untrustworthy but good in bed, and this girl, radiant but innocent. In the end they fall madly in love and it’s incredibly boring. The story doesn’t say when they split up.’‘Of course not,’ said Mathias
Debasish Mridha|For peace, look not outside but inside.
Stevie Ray Vaughan|Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|Wanting to give her the best fit I could, I sand the knowledge I had learned from Snow Flower. "Everyone needs clothing-no matter how cool it is in summer or how warm it is in winter-so make clothes for others without being asked. Even if the table is plentiful, let your in-laws eat first. Work hard and remember three things: Be god to your in-laws and always show respect, be good to your husband and always weave for him, be good to your children and always be a model of decorum to them. If you do these things, your new family will treat you kindly. In that fine home, be calm of heart.
Penny Marshall|It reflects a prevailing myth that production technology is no more amenable to human judgment or social interests than the laws of thermodynamics, atomic structure or biological inheritance.
Miles Cameron, The Fell Sword|All through the day, there are two voices that compete for your attention - the voice of faith and the voice of defeat. Tune into the voice of faith because it is the voice of victory!
Matthew Arnold|The Poet makes himself a seer through a long, vast and painstaking derangement of all the senses
Charles Darwin, Voyage of the Beagle|It is necessary to look forward to a harvest, however distant that may be, when some fruit will be reaped, some good effected.
Jeffrey Archer, A Quiver Full of Arrows|..each ministry has an allocation of money to spend on projects agreed to by the government. Every Secretary of State is acutely aware that his tenure of office maybe very short, so he picks out a major contract for himself from the many available. It's the one way to ensure a pension for life if the government is changed overnight or the minister simply loses his job.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|You need bravery for compassion. In the picture of your soul, the bravery points are the most beautiful.
James Allen|We should never desire to be over others. Instead, we ought to be servants who are submissive to every human being for God's sake.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|If a writer has the desire to communicate by writing and be heard, then he necessarily cares about seeing it in print. I suppose it's the difference between masturbation and making love—the real writer wants to touch another person.
Jenny Schwartz, Demon Hunter|When you find her, you will have the answers you need.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|So you will meet many ’someones’ who will give a new definition to your name. And you can not build walls, must not close the door and please don’t hide,because if you ask me about hurt and loveI will say love. Love because the hurt will come and go no matter what, but only love makes it worth while. Only love can cure it. Don’t be scared. Go. Love.
Emily Dickinson, Final Harvest: Emily Dickinson's Poems|We dream — it is good we are dreaming —It would hurt us — were we awake —But since it is playing — kill us,And we are playing — shriek —What harm? Men die — externally —It is a truth — of Blood —But we — are dying in Drama —And Drama — is never dead —Cautious — We jar each other —And either — open the eyes —Lest the Phantasm — prove the Mistake —And the livid SurpriseCool us to Shafts of Granite —With just an Age — and Name —And perhaps a phrase in Egyptian —It's prudenter — to dream —
Gudjon Bergmann, Experifaith: At the Heart of Every Religion; An Experiential Approach to Individual Spirituality and Improved Interfaith Relations|Devotees of these two spiritual paths of experience—oneness and goodness—have been at odds for centuries. Proponents of the oneness path have insisted that the goal of spirituality is to reconnect with everlasting eternity. They yearn to taste the quintessence of their being, to transcend time and space, to be unified with the one. In the other camp, advocates of the goodness path have traditionally seen stark choices in the world. They believe we should choose love, compassion, beauty, truth, and altruism over hatred, fear, anger, judgment, and other opposites of goodness. To them, there are constructive forces in the world that are being challenged by destructive ones. Their goal has been to stand their ground and choose to be good above all else. Even with those apparent differences, both paths have found homes within each of the world’s religions. As noted earlier, Hinduism offers the oneness path of Yoga, Judaism offers Kabbalah, Islam offers Sufism, Christianity offers Mysticism, and so on. Whatever the arrangement, the two paths have historically found ways to co-exist.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Izzy, are you—” he began. His eyes flew wide, and he backed up fast enough to smack his head into the wall behind him. “What is he doing here?”Isabelle tugged her tank top back down and glared at her brother. “You don’t knock now?”“It—It’s my bedroom!” Alec spluttered. He seemed to be deliberately trying not to look at Izzy and Simon, who were indeed in a very compromising position. Simon rolled quickly off Isabelle, who sat up, brushing herself off as if for lint. Simon sat up more slowly, trying to hold the torn edges of his shirt together. “Why are all my clothes on the floor?” Alec said.“I was trying to find something for Simon to wear,” Isabelle explained. “Maureen put him in leather pants and a puffy shirt because he was being her romance-novel slave.”“He was being her what?”“Her romance-novel slave,” Isabelle repeated, as if Alec were being particularly dense.Alec shook his head as if he were having a bad dream. “You know what? Don’t explain. Just—put your clothes on, both of you.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|If the Lord hasn't got a boyfriend lined up for me to marry, that's his business.
Robin Bertram|God encounters are to occur and continue throughout the life of a believer, constantly bringing each of us into a higher level of spiritual consciousness, constantly sharpening our spiritual senses, constantly challenging our complacency and status quo mentality.
Patrick McGrath, The Grotesque|Clinical, brilliantly medical-minded Adam believes in fate. A fate with Fia.
Dalton Rapattoni|Interviewer: "What's the best thing you've learned on Idol?"Dalton Rapattoni: "Double-tie your shoelaces.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Last night he kept the vigil alone. He lay awake, wishing Liz back; waiting for her to come and lie beside him. It's true he is at Esher with the cardinal, not at home at the Austin Friars. But, he thought, she'll know how to find me. She'll look for the cardinal, drawn through the space between worlds by incense and candlelight. Whereever the cardinal is, I will be.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every child born into the world has a divine mission to fulfill.As the child grows into adulthood, he or she must act to fulfill the divine mission.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries of Meditations|We should not leave our "house of bread", because it is our assurance of eternity.
W.B. Yeats|O cowardly amd tyrannous race of monks, persecutors of the bard, and the gleemen, haters of life and joy! O race that does not draw the sword and tell the truth! O race that melts the bones of the people with cowardice and with deceit! ("The Crucifixion Of The Outcast")
Billy Collins|In the long revolt against inherited forms that has by now become the narrative of 20th-century poetry in English, no poet was more flamboyant or more recognizable in his iconoclasm than Cummings.
Walter Mosley, Black Betty|I understood about fear. And I knew better than anyone in that room what Mouse was capable of. But still I had been raised in a place where to show your fear was worse than cowardice. It was suicide, a sin.
Michelle McCullough|The world needs more dreamers, more peak performers, more people who aren’t content settling for mediocre. It’s time to stand up and create the future and life you love.
Levon Helm|Annual plants are nature's emergency medical service, seeded in sounds and scars to hold the land until the perennial cover is re-established.
Hannah Hart|But achieving a sense of inner peace is real. It's out there. You just have to be willing to walk past the darkness, and even past the light, to find it.
James Enge, A Guile of Dragons|As I stated earlier, I do not believe there is anything inherently wrong with even the most overused elements of epic fantasy. Magic swords, dragons, destined heroes -- even dark lords and ultimate evils can legitimately be used in literature of serious intent, not just mocked in satirical meta-fiction. To claim that they cannot would be much the same as claiming that nothing good can ever again be done with fiction involving detectives, or young lovers, or unhappy families. The value of a fictive element is not an inherent quality, but a contextual one, determined by its relationship to the other elements of the story it is embedded in.In other words, whether a scene in which a dragon is introduced is affecting, amusing, or agonizingly dull depends primarily on the choices made by the scene's author. I say "primarily" because dragons have appeared in thousands of stories over the centuries, and almost any reader may be presumed to have been exposed to at least one such. The reader's reaction will naturally be influenced by how they feel this new dragon compares to the dragons which they have been introduced to in the past. (Favorably, one would hope. A dragon must learn to make a good first impression if it is to do well in this life.) Such variables are out of the author's control, as are any unreasoning prejudices against dragons on the part of the reader. All that can be done is to make the dragon as vivid and well-suited for its purpose as is possible. If all the elements of fantasy and fiction in a work are fitted to their purposes and combine to create a moving story set in a convincing world, that work will presumably be a masterpiece.
C.S. Lewis|All joy... emphasizes our pilgrim status; always reminds, beckons, awakens desire. Our best havings are wantings.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|You're arguing that the fragile, rare thing is beautiful simply because it is fragile and rare. But that's a lie, and you know it.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|Have you kissed many boys before?" he asked quietly. His question brought my mind back into focus. I raised an eyebrow. "Boys? That's an assumption." Noah laughed, the sound low and husky. "Girls, then?""No.""Not many girls? Or not many boys?""Neither," I said. Let him make of that what he would."How many?" "Why—" "I am taking away that word. You are no longer allowed to use it. How many?" My cheeks flushed, but my voice was steady as I answered. "One." At this, Noah leaned in impossibly closer, the slender muscles in his forearm flexing as he bent his elbow to bring himself nearer to me, almost touching. I was heady with the proximity of him and grew legitimately concerned that my heart might explode. Maybe Noah wasn't asking. Maybe I didn't mind. I closed my eyes and felt Noah's five o' clock graze my jaw, and the faintest whisper of his lips at my ear."He was doing it wrong.
Milan Kundera|I've become a lot more tolerant; I think before I talk. I can take a lot now. I don't get as angry as I used to. Whenever I do, I channel my anger into my work.
Wes Adamson|You might call them the icing on “life’s cake,” but music, laughter and the enjoyment of eating are the toppings that flavor everyday living. These added accents or accessories do spice up the cake. If served without, life would be rather bland!
Anna M. Aquino|I feel as if I've gone past the lukewarm stage that Jesus talked about in the book of Revelations and am slowly dwindling on cold. Deep down I want to change, but I don't know how. I'm the pastor. I'm supposed to know how. I hide my frustration with an obsession for Ohio State football and hours at the I Sold It on eBay internet cafe around the corner from the church.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|Socrates famously said that the unconsidered life is not worth living. He meant that a life lived without forethought or principle is a life so vulnerable to chance, and so dependent on the choices and actions of others, that it is of little real value to the person living it. He further meant that a life well lived is one which has goals, and integrity, which is chosen and directed by the one who lives it, to the fullest extent possible to a human agent caught in the webs of society and history.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, Thy Word, strengthens my spirit.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|When you think you're right, you're most likely wrong.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Do you love yourself? The test is simple. Do you look at others and see anything besides another beautiful human being? Do you see somebody who is more beautiful or less beautiful than you? If so, look down a little deeper and ask yourself why. It may be painful. The whys usually are. Do it anyway.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|I am asked if I think the war was a just war ... how can I answer? I was a boy born and raised in beautiful Leningrad, a boy who loved his parents and went obediently to school. A boy who was yanked out of that life and dumped in a strange land where life followed different rules.
Trey Anastasio|As long as your intention is pure, and you know what you're in it for, then you're alright. And I'm in it because I enjoy it. I take it seriously... real seriously. I mean I could sit and talk all day about the music.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|It's as if there is infinity between our lips and we will never actually touch. Like math, where dividing by half can last for eternity.
Brynn Kelly, Edge of Truth|Do you know how many men are incarcerated in solitary confinement? About 100,000 on any given day, if my numbers are correct. Do you know how many men commit suicide in The Hole? Very high. Twenty-four hours in a box with no windows can break a man. Some more quickly than others.
Dorothy Dunnett, Checkmate|Watching St John rock his wife's body was not part of my job description. Honest. I sat down on the stairs where I could see the door, the hallway, and the stairs as far as the landing. St John started singing in a strange, broken voice. It took me a few minutes to figure out what he was singing. It was 'You are so Beautiful
Pamela Clare, Striking Distance|He wanted to taste nothing unless it was the sweetness of her mouth, the musk of her arousal, the salt of her tears, wanted to touch nothing unless it was the silk of her hair, her soft curves, wanted to breathe nothing unless it had come from her lungs.
Kirsty Logan, A Portable Shelter|Stories were migrants, blow-ins, border-crossers, tunnellers from France and Italy and more distant territories where earlier and similar stories had been passed on in Arabic and Persian and Chinese and Sanskrit.
Shaun David Hutchinson, The Five Stages of Andrew Brawley|It begins when he’s still a man in a suit, doing the kinds of boring things that men in suits do. The things that no one writes about because they know that boys don’t really have nightmares about clowns or three-eyed tentacled beasts that rise from deep within volcanoes. When boys wake up screaming in the night, it’s because they know that, one day, they’ll have to grow into men who wear suits and spend their days doing boring things that cause them to rot from within, so their skin withers and blackens and cracks, leaking out their juices until they finally lie decaying and putrid, forgotten by a world that deemed them unworthy of remembering.It begins there because it’s important to know that a superhero with no past began as a man with no future.
Jurgen Moltmann|Scriptures and creeds may come to seem incredible, but faith will still go dancing on.
Jennifer Silverwood, Silver Hollow|Amie blinked through the haze of her thoughts and the constant drum of the rains. A golden light swung back and forth in the distance like a pendulum and every second drew closer. Finally, Amie could tell it wasn’t a faerie light but a lantern, carried by a small green-cloaked person.
David A. Bednar|Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Wallace Stevens|I felt I had to share Idaho with my friend from New York because he'd shared New York with me, so I was going to share the beauty of nature with a man who went to museums and clubs late at night. But there was nothing to do where I lived at night.
Michael Goldenberg|Writing is very cathartic for me. As a teacher, I hear many students say that writing can be painful and exhausting. It can be, but ultimately I believe that if you push through, the process is healing and exhilarating.
David Morrell, The Successful Novelist: A Lifetime of Lessons about Writing and Publishing|You think you have no ‘talent’? Write anyway. lots of people with ‘talent’ don’t actually act on it. As long as you write, you will learn, you will improve, and you will be better than anyone claiming to have ‘talent.
Idina Menzel|The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
Franz Kafka|So if you find nothing in the corridors open the doors, and if you find nothing behind these doors there are more floors, and if you find nothing up there, don’t worry, just leap up another flight of stairs. As long as you don’t stop climbing, the stairs won’t end, under your climbing feet they will go on growing upwards
Bernard Edelman, Dear America: Letters Home from Vietnam|They tell me the letters I write to you and leave here at this memorial are waking others up to the fact that there is still much pain left, after all these years, from the Vietnam War. But this I know. I would rather to have had you for 21 years, and all the pain that goes with losing you, than never to have had you at all.
T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom: A Triumph|Ignore the real world“That would never work in the real world.” You hear it all the time when you tell people about a fresh idea.This real world sounds like an awfully depressing place to live. It’s a place where new ideas, unfamiliar approaches, and foreign concepts alwayslose. The only things that win are what people already know and do, even if those things are flawed and inefficient.Scratch the surface and you’ll find these “real world” inhabitants are filled with pessimism and despair. They expect fresh concepts to fail. Theyassume society isn’t ready for or capable of change.Even worse, they want to drag others down into their tomb. If you’re hopeful and ambitious, they’ll try to convince you your ideas are impossible.They’ll say you’re wasting your time.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, In Other Worlds|Sometimes I think they are writers who do not write. That "writers write" is meant to be self-evident. People like to say it. I find it is hardly ever true. Writers drink. Writers rant. Writers phone. Writers sleep. I have met very few writers that write at all.
Joss Whedon|Nowadays I’m really cranky about comics. Because most of them are just really, really poorly written soft-core. And I miss good old storytelling. And you know what else I miss? Super powers. Why is it now that everybody’s like “I can reverse the polarity of your ions!” Like in one big flash everybody’s Doctor Strange. I like the guys that can stick to walls and change into sand and stuff. I don’t understand anything anymore. And all the girls are wearing nothing, and they all look like they have implants. Well, I sound like a very old man, and a cranky one, but it’s true.
Ryan David Jahn, Good Neighbors|Within Hobbes’ depiction of the motives for conflict. . . there is a problematic in which the grave threat that human beings pose to other human beings is not constituted simply by the structures of human passions, interests, and desires, nor by the addition of a self-deceptive and egotistical desire for recognition and proof of one’s perhaps illusory power. In this moment, it is the very rationality of other humans, reason in the broad sense, understood as roughly equal to oneself in both capacity and structure, that poses such a threat
James     Baldwin, Just Above My Head|If one wishes to be instructed--not that anyone does--concerning the treacherous role that memory plays in a human life, consider how relentlessly the water of memory refuses to break, how it impedes that journey into the air of time. Time: the whisper beneath that word is death. With this unanswerable weight hanging heavier and heavier over one's head, the vision becomes cloudy, nothing is what it seems... How then, can I trust my memory concerning that particular Sunday afternoon?...Beneath the face of anyone you ever loved for true--anyone you love, you will always love, love is not at the mercy of time and it does not recognize death, they are strangers to each other--beneath the face of the beloved, however ancient, ruined, and scarred, is the face of the baby your love once was, and will always be, for you. Love serves, then, if memory doesn't, and passion, apart from its tense relation to agony, labors beneath the shadow of death. Passion is terrifying, it can rock you, change you, bring your head under, as when a wind rises from the bottom of the sea, and you're out there in the craft of your mortality, alone.
Virginia Woolf|There's the tree with the branches that everyone sees, and then there's the upside-down root tree, growing the opposite way. So Earth is the branches, growing in opposing but perfect symmetry. The branches don't think much about the roots, and maybe the roots don't think much about the branches, but all the time, they're connected by the trunk, you know?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Do you want to know what God’s will is for you? It is for you to become more and more like Christ. This is spiritual maturity, and if you make this your goal, it will change your life.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Right Attitude to Rain|Now it's not just my lip you'll be needing to kiss if you're wishing to make amends with me, Irish.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Shakespeare said that art is a mirror held up to nature. And that’s what it is. The nature is your nature, and all of these wonderful poetic images of mythology are referring to something in you. When your mind is trapped by the image out there so that you never make the reference to yourself, you have misread the image.The inner world is the world of your requirements and your energies and your structure and your possibilities that meets the outer world. And the outer world is the field of your incarnation. That’s where you are. You’ve got to keep both going. As Novalis said, 'The seat of the soul is there where the inner and outer worlds meet.
A.J. Jacobs, The Know-It-All: One Man's Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World|Every blossoming flower warns you that it is time to seek the Lord; be not out of tune with nature, but let your heart bud and bloom with holy desires.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln|I hope to stand firm enough not to go backward, and yet not go forward fast enough to wreck the country's cause.
Anthony Liccione|We are a day away from making history, and a history towards the breaking of tommorrow.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Unhappiness and dissatisfaction with life are common themes in the American culture today.Folks sometimes mistake my meaning when I say, “You have the freedom of choice and the ability to create your best life”, because they all too often rush to drop everything that is weighing them down. They quit the job, ditch the unhappy marriage, cut out negative friends and family, get out of Dodge, etc. I do not advocate such hastiness; in fact, I believe that rash decision-making leads to more problems further down the road. Another unsatisfying job manifests; another unhappy relationship results. These people want a new environment, yet the same negative energy always seems to occupy it.	This is because transformation is all about the internal shift, not the external. Any blame placed on outside sources for our unhappiness will forever perpetuate that unhappiness. Pointing the finger is giving away your power of choice and the ability to create our best life. We choose: “That person is making me unhappy” vs. “I make myself happy.”	When you are in unhappy times of lack and feelings of separation – great! Sit there and be with it. Find ways to be content with little. Find ways to be happy with your Self. As we reflect on the lives of mystics past and present, it is not the things they possess or the relationships they share that bring them enlightenment – their light is within. The same light can bring us unwavering happiness (joy).	Love, Peace, Joy – these three things all come from within and have an unwavering flame – life source – that is not dependent on the conditions of the outside world. This knowing is the power and wisdom that the mystics teach us that we are all capable of achieving.	When I say, “You have the freedom of choice and the ability to create your best life”, I am not referring to external conditions; I am referring to the choice you have to look inward and discover the ability to transform the lead of the soul into gold.	Transformation is an inner journey of the soul. Why? Because, as we mentioned above, wherever we go, ourselves go with us. Thus, quitting the job, dumping relationships, etc. will not make us happy because we have forgotten the key factor that makes or breaks our happiness: ourselves.	When we find, create, and maintain peace, joy, and love within ourselves, we then gain the ability to embrace the external world with the same emotions, perspective, and vibration. This ability is a form of enlightenment. It is the modern man’s enlightenment that transforms an unsatisfying life into one of fulfillment.
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Come here, let me share a bit of wisdom with you.Have you given much thought to our mortal condition?Probably not. Why would you? Well, listen.There's no one alivewho can say if he will be tomorrow.Our fate moves invisibly! A mystery.No one can teach it, no one can grasp it.Accept this! Cheer up! Have a drink!You can let the rest go. Am I making sense?I think so. How about a drink.Put on a garland. I'm surethe happy splash of wine will cure your mood.We're all mortal you know. Think mortal.Because my theory is, there's no such thing as life,
Michael Chabon|The baby, not too young to start knowing the ledge, the cold truth, the life-and-death facts of it all. 'What kind of heaven is that, you can't have your records?' The baby, understanding perhaps it was purely rhetorical, made no attempt to answer this question.
Carrie Hope Fletcher, All I Know Now: Wonderings and Reflections on Growing Up Gracefully|All you young Aussies just want to fuck and get fucked up, no?
Mehmet Murat ildan|To think is sacred; let every person think freely! To express what you think is sacred; let every person express his thought freely! If you do this, you prove that you are a conscientious and a moral human being! If you don’t do this, you just declare yourself being fascist!
Keisha Keenleyside, The Spirit Master|I want to release my soul from its prison cell, to silence the guards who tell me that I am not capable of living. Every voice that ever told me that I cannot achieve has, at this moment, become silenced. This cell is no longer my home.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|I've been in love with you since you helped me bury that spider in my garden, and you sang with me like we were singing “Amazing Grace” instead of “The Itsy, Bitsy Spider.” I've loved you since you quoted Hamlet like you understood him, since you said you loved ferris wheels more than roller coasters because life shouldn't be lived at full speed, but in anticipation and appreciation. I read and re-read your letters to Rita because I felt like you'd opened up a little window into your soul, and the light was pouring out with every word. They weren't even for me, but it didn't matter. I loved every word, every thought, and I loved you . . . so much.
Robin Williams|I remember from my school days Archimedes jumping into his bath and displacing water and coming up with his famous principle, and of course Isaac Newton being hit on the head with an apple. In other words, this realm of human knowledge - which is mathematical, essentially - can have a playful visual element to it.
Tyler Oakley, Binge|In true Love, you are always blessed….Either being with the person or just by not.
Latika Teotia|Stay calm and composed even when the things around you appear to be in a state of chaos. Learn to draw on your inner strength to brave all the storms. Stay firm and rock steady and let the disorder around you turn into order. That is your real test. You must not allow anyone or anything to take away your peace of mind or unbalance you. Don’t let even the worst of storms steal your inner peace and calm. You are strong, hold on to your peace.
Rachel Spangler, Heart of the Game|Sung Win smiled to himself, enjoying the tension across his shoulders and the way his pulse beat in his veins. All life involved risk.
Debby Grahl, The Silver Crescent|The hallmarks of the noir style are fear, guilt and loneliness, breakdown and despair, sexual obsession and social corruption, a sense that the world is controlled by, malignant forces preying on us, a rejection of happy endings and a preference for resolutions heavy with doom, but always redeemed by a breathtakingly vivid poetry of word (if the work was a novel or story) or image (if it was a movie). ("Introduction")
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Children do need the guidance of their parents, and we guide them more by the example we set than by any other way. We need to be firm and sane and fair and consistent—and, above all, we need to discipline in a spirit of love.
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|Marry me. You'll learn to love me, I promise.
Drew Barrymore|If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|Then Walter died as he lived, he told his mate. A hero, a soldier, and a survivor who chose to protect what was precious to him. I don't think, if you could ask him, that he would have any regrets.
Liel Leibovitz|You feel the same hum at a Cohen concert that you do at a church or a synagogue, a feeling that emanates from the realization that the words and tunes you're about to hear represent the best efforts we humans can make to capture the mysteries that surround us, and that by listening and closing your eyes and singing along, you, too can somehow transcend.
Irvine Welsh|We kissed for a bit and I stopped shaking. We played with each other for a long time, and after we had joined, my cock and her fanny became one thing, then it seemed to vanish as we took off on a big psychic trip together. It was our souls and our minds that were doing it all; our genitals, our bodies, they were just launch pads and were soon superfluous as we went around the universe together on our shared trip, moving in and out of each other’s heads and finding nothing in them but good things, nothing in them but love. The intensity increased until it became almost unbearable and we exploded together in an orgasmic crash-landing onto the shipwreck of a bed, from a long way out in some form of space. We held each other tightly, drenched in sweat and shaking with emotion
Charles E. Rosenberg, The Cholera Years: The United States in 1832, 1849, and 1866|A historic transition is occurring, barely noticed. Slowly, quietly, imperceptibly, religion is shriveling in America, as it has done in Europe, Canada, Australia, Japan and other advanced societies. Supernatural faith increasingly belongs to the Third World. The First World is entering the long-predicted Secular Age, when science and knowledge dominate. The change promises to be another shift of civilization, like past departures of the era of kings, the time of slavery, the Agricultural Age, the epoch of colonialism, and the like. Such cultural transformations are partly invisible to contemporary people, but become obvious in retrospect.
Yukio Mishima, The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea|It’s amazing, the lies you can tell yourself. Even more amazing, the lies you can believe when you’re desperate enough.
Jeff Cooper|A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That's the trade-off. But I'll take it all.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we begin to study the Scriptures, our souls shall be sanctified.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life. Attitude, to me, is more important than facts. It is more important than the past, the education, the money, than circumstances, than failure, than successes, than what other people think or say or do. It is more important than appearance, giftedness or skill. It will make or break a company... a church... a home. The remarkable thing is we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. We cannot change our past... we cannot change the fact that people will act in a certain way. We cannot change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude. I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. And so it is with you... we are in charge of our Attitudes.
Franz Kafka, Diaries, 1910 1923|Praise and blame alike mean nothing. No, delightful as the pastime of measuring may be, it is the most futile of all occupations, and to submit to the decrees of the measurers the most servile of attitudes.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|Most sentimental ideas imply, at bottom, a deep if unacknowledged disrespect.
Travis Scott|I find that when I write, I need things to be quiet, but when I design, I can't bear it if it's quiet.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|The beauty of this idea is that my decision to keep Peeta alive at the expense of my own life is itself an act of defiance. A refusal to play the Hunger Games by the Capitol's rules. My private agenda dovetails completely with my public one. And if I really could save Peeta... in terms of a revolution, this would be ideal. Because I will be more valuable dead. They can turn me into some kind of martyr for the cause and paint my face on banners, and it will do more to rally people than anything I could do if I was living. But Peeta would be more valuable alive, and tragic, because he will be able to turn his pain into words that will transform people.
Jason Robert Brown|Solitude is very different from a 'time-out' from our busy lives. Solitude is the very ground from which community grows. Whenever we pray alone, study, read, write, or simply spend quiet time away from the places where we interact with each other directly, we are potentially opened for a deeper intimacy with each other.
Madeleine Roux, Asylum|As much as he liked the idea of having best friends with whom he could share anything. it was like all he knew how to be was alone, apart.
Steve Jurvetson|Wherever there's an all-encompassing 'always,' 'all' or 'never' in your life, it's a sign that your mischievous subconscious is setting you up for failure by consistently leading you back toward these repeat performances.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I am overachieving at aimlessness, I am a type-A, alpha-girl lollygagger, the leader of a gang of heartbroken kids, running wild across this lonely strip of amusements, each of us smarting from the betrayals of a loved one.
Hadley Read, Communication: Methods for All Media|Phones with numerical keypads worked best for dialing phone calls. Incidentally, phone calls tend to be the primary function of a phone. 'Smartphones' completely ignore these basic facts, resulting in some of the least intelligent devices I've seen yet. Oh the irony.
Teresa Flavin, Jet Black Heart|Time is no one's friend--time has no social niceties and holds the door for nobody nowhere. But I hold the door for time, with my one good paw.
Himanjali Singh|There are many fishes in the sea and then there are a few beautiful swishy mermaids. Me?! No I'm not the fish not even the mermaid, I don't belong to the sea. I am the Ocean! At a horizon far far away I'm a whirlpool of storm rising and chasing, twirling and dancing to my own tunes and at another all calm serene still and silent, I am the ocean! limitless boundless infinite and as beautiful as I may seem from the outside, I have life within!
Caitlín R. Kiernan|Listen: Love your fiction, even if you hate the act of creating that fiction, love the stories to a fault. Cry at your tragedies, laugh at your jokes, rejoice at your character's victories — or give it all up and go knit a damned sweater, instead.
Godfrey Orateng|Sometimes things don't work out and the reason has nothing to do with you, or how good you are.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|I still remember the flush of blood in her cheeks as she danced. She was all the raw colours of life, the crude beauty of nature. I am the human concept of beauty. Gold made soft and supple in man's form.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Through all life changes , God is in control.
Tara Estacaan|MORNINGTIDEThe wonderful works of morningtidebring the sight of luminous whiteness,a breathing whimsyamong wind-tossed sprigs of green.
Katha Pollitt|We may revere motherhood, the hazy abstraction, the cream-of-wheat-with-a-halo ideal, but a mother is just a kind of woman, after all, and women are trouble and not so valuable. Low-income mothers drag down the country—why'd they have kids if they couldn't support them? Middle-class mothers are boring frumps. Elite ones are obsessed sanctimommies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the past could be changed, it would not exist. If the future could be stopped, it would not survive. If the present could be avoided, it would not prevail.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|The heart, once broken, stayed broken.
Tessa Afshar, Pearl in the Sand|I mean that the reason God seems to act in ways that make no sense to us is that our perceptions are wrong. Our expectations are subtly twisted. We long for things that harm us and run from the things that grow and heal us. We think good is bad and bad is good. God acts rightly, but to us, it seems confusing. Or sometimes plain wrong.
Neil Harbisson|In legal practice, in the representation of clients, I have always felt deeply engaged, serene, and not all inclined to stand aside. I have always done whatever needed to be done, and have usually gotten my way.
Patrick Kavanagh|You don't think in depression that you've put on a gray veil and are seeing the world through the haze of a bad mood. You think that the veil has been taken away, the veil of happiness, and that now you're seeing truly.
Kellie Thacker, Sacrifice|I value my privacy, and if sometimes my actions seem strange or arbitrary or capricious, I do not want them challenged.
Ethel Waters|The eight months I took off between 'Teen Vogue' and 'Lucky' afforded me such amazing opportunities, and I learned so much from so many different people - the brands that I worked with, the companies that I was consulting for.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|My favourite country is Finland because once you get to a certain point, you can drive for hours without seeing a single person. I love peace and quiet - something I don't get very often.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|We cannot find Him unless we know we need Him. We forget this need when we take a self-sufficient pleasure in our own good works. The poor and helpless are the first to find Him, Who came to seek and to save that which was lost.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Life has no meaning a priori… It is up to you to give it a meaning, and value is nothing but the meaning that you choose.
Mordred, Forever Alive|The ones who lived, who truly lived, they make an imprint on our lives. They leave their mark in our hearts. They change the course of our fates and our destinies. Those are the real heroes. The ones who cared enough for a human being that they rewrote their futures.”- Alastor Moody
Federal Bureau of Investigation|The minute your group gets so big you don't know anybody in it and they don't know you, there's hell to pay.
Mary Karr, The Liars' Club|Have you ever seen a demonstrable example of equality in your entire life? Can it be glimpsed in any dog show or classroom? In any ping pong game or chess match? Of course not. It is a philosophical abstraction, something nowhere to be found in nature.
Aleksandar Hemon|Most people, if you live in a big city, you see some form of schizophrenia every day, and it's always in the form of someone homeless. 'Look at that guy - he's crazy. He looks dangerous.' Well, he's on the streets because of mental illness. He probably had a job and a home.
Mireille Enos|I do try to speak of positive things. I still try to, like, present two sides of the story, and I do try to relate to life in a 360 degree and not be one-dimensional. But by all means, manage expectations.
Benito Pérez Galdós|The passion of the collector when confronted with a rare item, the enthusiasm of a hunter who sees a fine, handsome beast, can give us no idea of the tremendous love of clothes in some women.
Sachin Panwar|It is easy to make friends.But, it is tough to honor that friendship with'em.If you find those people,hold on to them.If you don't,move on.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|This tub is for washing your courage...When you are born your courage is new and clean. You are brave enough for anything: crawling off of staircases, saying your first words without fearing that someone will think you are foolish, putting strange things in your mouth. But as you get older, your courage attracts gunk and crusty things and dirt and fear and knowing how bad things can get and what pain feels like. By the time you're half-grown, your courage barely moves at all, it's so grunged up with living. So every once in awhile, you have to scrub it up and get the works going or else you'll never be brave again. Unfortunately, there are not many facilities in your world that provide the kind of services we do. So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of a spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true....This tub is for washing your wishes...For the wishes of one's old life wither and shrivel like old leaves if they are not replaced with new wishes when the world changes. And the world always changes. Wishes get slimy, and their colors fade, and soon they are just mud, like all the rest of the mud, and not wishes at all, but regrets. The trouble is, not everyone can tell when they ought to launder their wishes. Even when one finds oneself in Fairyland and not at home at all, it is not always so easy to catch the world in its changing and change with it....Lastly, we must wash your luck. When souls queue up to be born, they all leap up at just the last moment, touching the lintel of the world for luck. Some jump high and can seize a great measure of luck; some jump only a bit and snatch a few loose strands. Everyone manages to catch some. If one did not have at least a little luck, one would never survive childhood. But luck can be spent, like money, and lost, like a memory; and wasted, like a life. If you know how to look, you can examine the kneecaps of a human and tell how much luck they have left. No bath can replenish luck that has been spent on avoiding an early death by automobile accident or winning too many raffles in a row. No bath can restore luck lost through absentmindedness and overconfidence. But luck withered by conservative, tired, riskless living can be pumped up again--after all, it is only a bit thirsty for something to do.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|There's a table with some catalogues and a guest book in the corner; there are artworks. Today, I need so badly to be inspired by them, even though I hate that word: inspiration. It crops up in too many advertisements, politcians' speeches, Disney films, its meaning obliterated. I refuse to be 'inspired' in the same insipid way that ad executives and politicians and Hollywood producers suggest I should be. What I need from these works is to be reminded of why I used to care about art—so much that I'd try and make it for myself.
Barry Eisler, Redemption Games|There was so much – so many tests and tasks, so many tiny referenda.
Benjamin Disraeli|You don't want to love - your eternal and abnormal craving is to be loved. You aren't positive, you're negative. You absorb, absorb, as if you must fill yourself up with love, because you've got a shortage somewhere.
Francis Collins|There's three things: there's masculinity, there's intelligence, there's sensitivity. You've got to bring those three things to a leading man's role: masculinity, sensitivity, intelligence. In some people, there's a little too much in the mix of one or the other.
Danielle Steel, Friends Forever|If comedy is tragedy plus time, I need more fucking time. But I would really settle for less fucking tragedy.” ~ Jon Stewart
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Art always serves beauty, and beauty is the joy of possessing form, and form is the key to organic life since no living thing can exist without it.
Kōji Suzuki|No, Carolyn, you can’t petition PETA to get a waiver from dissecting the frog. The frog’s already dead. It donated itself to science. Don’t let its sacrifice be in vain. -Brandon
Stephen Hawking|There's a lot to do in space. I want to learn more about the greenhouse effect on Venus, about whether there was life on Mars, about the environment in which Earth and the Sun is immersed, the behavior of the Sun.
C. JoyBell C.|Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac|One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds. Much of the damage inflicted on land is quite invisible to laymen. An ecologist must either harden his shell and make believe that the consequences of science are none of his business, or he must be the doctor who sees the marks of death in a community that believes itself well and does not want to be told otherwise.
Ally Condie, Reached|Soul mates, I've always believed in, so I accepted the truth there. But curses? That was extreme. There had to be a place where the line was drawn between fiction and reality, and a curse sounded way more on the fiction side of the spectrum.
Sandra Brown, The Alibi|Dispensing with the frivolity, he kissed her meaningfully. When at last he pulled away, her troubled expression alarmed him. "What?""Be careful, Hammond.""No one will know I was here."She shook her head. "Not that.""Then what?""You may have to put me on trial for my life. Please be careful that you don't make me fall in love with you first.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Because everybody who has ever lost their way in life has felt the nagging insistence of that question. At some point we all look up and realize we are lost in a maze, and I dont want us to forget Alaska, and I don't want to forget that even when the material we study seems boring, we're trying to und3erstand how people answered that question and the question each of you posed in your papers--how different traditions have come to terms with what Chip, in his final, called 'people's rotten lots in life.
Priyavrat Thareja|Ingenuity and creativity, even for a defeating case of two steps forward and one backward, applied strategically can covert a loss into gain.
Stacey Jay, Romeo Redeemed|You know,” he says, voice still low.“I have had nothing but trouble since you walked into my life.” “I’d walk straight back out of it if only you’d let me.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: A New Beginning|Don't cry. She wouldn't like it. When I missed my father, I used to cry. Mama taught me when I cry, he is sad and will cry, too. I don't want my daddy sad. I'm sure you don't want your daughter sad, too.
Joanna Mansell, Portrait of Cleo|Let me tell you what I want,' he said fiercely. 'For a start, I want you. I told you that, but perhaps I didn't make myself clear. I want the whole package, hang-ups, fears and phobias, as well as the good parts.
Avijeet Das|Life is too shortTo travel 195 countries on the round sphereTo meet thousands of celebrities around the globeTo go through 5.5 million Wikipedia articles To read 130 million books across the worldTo greet 7.5 billion people on earthBecause some 29,000 days are very less ‘to experience everything’UNLESS YOU ARE GOD
Gail Collins|AIDS is a plague - numerically, statistically and by any definition known to modern public health - though no one in authority has the guts to call it one.
S. Truett Cathy|People need to eat whole food plant foods, primarily... whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts and seeds. That diet supports our lives. We ought to live to be 90 or 100 without getting any diseases.
James Alan Gardner, Trapped|If you agree to work for us, half the time you won't know the purpose of your duties . . . and when we do explain, we might not be telling the truth. But that's the real world, folks . . .
Debbie Macomber|I wrote 'The Room', 'The Birthday Party', and 'The Dumb Waiter' in 1957, I was acting all the time in a repertory company, doing all kinds of jobs, traveling to Bournemouth and Torquay and Birmingham.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|The beauty of the human race is not in its victory over evil, but the attempt.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|Be positive, keep smiling and believe in the positive things You say To Yourself.
Joseph Addison|Men honor what lies within the sphere of their knowledge, but do not realize how dependent they are on what lies beyond it.
William Temple|The older I grow, the more I find myself alone.
Orson Welles|I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God.
Yair Lapid|Old white guys can be a funny bunch, can't they? The same anti-same-sex marriage, anti-affirmative action cadre can flower into the biggest supporters of 'equality' the minute they get a whiff of minority empowerment.
ShahenshahHK|When we talk about smart selling, it’s not exclusive, anyone can be better at smart selling, if only we come out of self-illusion zone created due to a successful month-end scorecard, we fail the minute we start paying more attention to successful sales campaigns while ignoring the unsuccessful ones. Sometimes things do fall into our nets, but smart selling is all about paying equal attention to things which escaped the net.
Nora Dunn|I wanna make a jigsaw puzzle that's 40,000 pieces. And when you finish it, it says 'go outside.'
Margaret Atwood, Lady Oracle|you can't change the past,Aunt Lou used to say.Oh, but I wanted to;that was the one thing I really wanted to do
Mother Teresa|I used to pray that God would feed the hungry, or do this or that, but now I pray that he will guide me to do whatever I'm supposed to do, what I can do. I used to pray for answers, but now I'm praying for strength. I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
Joel Madden|In terms of romantic films, all-time romantic films, I really like 'Gone With the Wind.' And I realize I sound so cliched saying that, but there's something so absolutely romantic about it.
Debasish Mridha|Troubles are not always terrible, but they are a gentle reminder to grow.
Sonya Bria|Flat outstretched upon a moundOf earth I lie; I press my earAgainst its surface and I hearFar off and deep, the measured soundOf heart that beats within the ground.And with it pounds in harmonyThe swift, familiar heart in me.They pulse as one, together swell,Together fall; I cannot tellMy sound from earth's, for I am partOf rhythmic, universal heart.
Dimitri Zaik, Ink Bleeder|The Mirror Prayer I see you man in the mirror. I see you and raise you. I will be better today than you were yesterday, and tomorrow you will be better than I was today.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Dustfinger inspected his reddened fingers and felt the taut skin. ‘He might tell me how my story ends,’ he murmured.	Meggie looked at him in astonishment. ‘You mean you don’t know?’	Dustfinger smiled. Meggie still didn’t particularly like his smile. It seemed to appear only to hide something else. ‘What’s so unusual about that, princess?’ he asked quietly. ‘Do you know how your story ends?’	Meggie had no answer for that.
Franklin Russell, Watchers at the Pond|The hawk turned slowly and flexed his great wings to maintain his height. In this cold wind, he flew merely to see and to travel. Gone was the exhilaration of fast-rising summer air carrying him so high into the sky's blue vacuum that the pond became a silver speck and the great southern lake dazzled him with a glaring slash of reflected sun.
Gary   Hopkins|We must empower our weak to be strong, and teach our strong to be compassionate. This will open a door to oneness.
Ari Graynor|Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
Ben Harper|I would say I'm a nice person, and I take pride in the fact that I treat everyone really well, so there's no reason for anyone to ever come at me because I only want the best for everybody else.
John Piper, A Hunger for God|The greatest enemy of hunger for God is not poison but apple pie.It is not the banquet of the wicked that dulls our appetite forheaven, but endless nibbling at the table of the world. It is notthe X-rated video, but the prime-time dribble of triviality wedrink in every night.
George Takei|Women have full equality with men before the Lord. By nature, the roles of women differ from those of men. This knowledge has come to us with the Restoration of the gospel in the fullness of times, with an acknowledgment that women are endowed with the great responsibilities of motherhood and nurturing.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I carried [Rudy] softly through the broken street...with him I tried a little harder [at comforting]. I watched the contents of his soul for a moment and saw a black-painted boy calling the name Jesse Owens as he ran through an imaginary tape. I saw him hip-deep in some icy water, chasing a book, and I saw a boy lying in bed, imagining how a kiss would taste from his glorious next-door neighbor. He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It's his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|May it not be the supreme aim of life thus to bring to birth the inexplicable within ourselves; and do we know how much we add to ourselves when we awake something of the incomprehensible that slumbers in every corner? Here you have awakened love which will not fall asleep again. … nothing can ever separate two souls which, for an instant, ‘have been good together.
FARRELL J.G.|How few human beings, the major thought with a sigh, can exert by hard work, thrift, intelligence or any other virtue the slightest influence on their own destiny.
Oliver Gaspirtz|Happy Endings are an illusion. Real life is filled with brief moments of fleeting happiness, but ultimately every life is a tragedy that ends in death and grief.
Frédéric Bastiat, That Which Is Seen and That Which Is Not Seen|Even Adam Smith's "invisible hand" occasionally needs a slap on the wrist.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|His mama put down the bag and headed for the door, her mouth a thin line.	“Wait! What are you doing? Don’t go over there and yell at her.” Paul jumped off the stool and tried to beat her to the door. 	“Oh, honey, I would never do that.” His mama stepped into the hallway. “I’m fixin’ to invite her for dinner.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|A lifetime had to be crafted, just like anything else, she thought, it had to be moulded and beaten and burnished in order to get the most out of it.
Charles R. Swindoll|To be "in Christ" is to place one's trust in Him for salvation from sin. To be "in Christ" is to trust His goodness, not our own; to trust that His sacrificial death on the cross paid the complete debt of death we owe for our sin; to trust that His resurrection gives us eternal life instead of relying upon our own ability to please God. To be "in Christ" is to claim, by faith, the free gift of salvation. To be "in Christ" is to enjoy a completely restored relationship with our Father in heaven by virtue of His Son's righteous standing.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|I use to tell people what to do, but with age I have learned to let them consider the options, if they look hard enough they will always find some few options.
John le Carré, The Spy Who Came In from the Cold|Betrayal clearly has its own reward: the small deep human satisfaction of having one up on someone else. It is the psychology of the mistress, and this regime used it as fuel.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|My life, as it passes thus, was indeed hateful to me, and it was during sleep alone that I could taste joy. O blessed sleep!
Daniel Marques|It's a big world for the idiots. If you're a writer, there are not many cities where you can go and feel normal.
Kenny G|I would admit that poetry is something more than mere communication and that if that 'something more' could be abstracted from the whole, it might well prove to be that which makes the whole a poem.
Vasily Grossman|There is a deep and undeniable sadness in all this: whenever we see the dawn of an eternal good that will never be overcome by evil – an evil that is itself eternal but will never succeed in overcoming good – whenever we see this dawn, the blood of old people and children is always shed.
Ellen Goodman|Imagine a skilled botanist accompanied by someone like myself who is largely ignorant of botany taking part in a field trip into the Australian bush, with the objective of collecting observable facts about the native flora. It is undoubtedly the case that the botanist will be capable of collecting facts that are far more numerous and discerning than those I am able to observe and formulate, and the reason is clear. The botanist has a more elaborate conceptual scheme to exploit than myself, and that is because he or she knows more botany than I do. A knowledge of botany is a prerequisite for the formulation of the observation statements that might constitute its factual basis. Thus, the recording of observable facts requires more than the reception of the stimuli, in the form of light rays, that impinge on the eye. It requires the knowledge of the appropriate conceptual scheme and how to apply it.
Richard K. Morgan, Thirteen|But even then I knew how it was going to be, I could feel the coming silence in the long, poisonous pauses that expanded as the night progressed.
Mr. T|If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?
William Wordsworth, Lyrical Ballads|For I have learnedTo look on nature, not as in the hourOf thoughtless youth; but hearing oftentimesThe still, sad music of humanity,Nor harsh nor grating, though of ample powerTo chasten and subdue. And I have feltA presence that disturbs me with the joyOf elevated thoughts; a sense sublimeOf something far more deeply interfused,Whose dwelling is the light of setting suns,And the round ocean and the living air,And the blue sky, and in the mind of man;A motion and a spirit, that impelsAll thinking things, all objects of all thought,And rolls through all things. Therefore am I stillA lover of the meadows and the woods,And mountains; and of all that we beholdFrom this green earth; of all the mighty worldOf eye, and ear,—both what they half create,And what perceive; well pleased to recogniseIn nature and the language of the sense,The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse,The guide, the guardian of my heart, and soulOf all my moral being.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Books can not be killed by fire. People die, but books never die. No man and no force can abolish memory... In this war, we know, books are weapons. And it is a part of your dedication always to make them weapons for man's freedom.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|I swear, gentlemen, that to be too conscious is an illness — a real thorough-going illness. For man’s everyday needs, it would have been quite enough to have the ordinary human consciousness, that is, half or a quarter of the amount which falls to the lot of a cultivated man of our unhappy nineteenth century.
Bill Toomey|People have got to learn: if they don't have cookies in the cookie jar, they can't eat cookies.
James     Baldwin, Another Country|He firmly pulled her body against his and he brushed her lips with his. Staring into her eyes, he lightly slid his tongue across her bottom lip. She drew a deep, staggered breath in response to the wave of heat she felt flushing through her. Derrick smiled at her. Then, he softly kissed her. He lightly swept his tongue between her lips, pressing his warm, soft lips to hers. He slid his hands up her body and cradled her face with his hands. Then, he passionately kissed her, tickling her tongue with his. He sucked her lips, gently, as though he was sampling nectar on a delicate petal. Then, with an intense urgency, he dipped his tongue past her lips, caressing her tongue with his. She felt fluttering inside. Anne’s body craved him. A shallow hum escaped from within her in response to how he was making her feel. She could feel his body responding to her. He was breathing heavier which was waking Anne’s primal needs. The tidal wave of lust that had just churned within her was slowly calming as his kiss became more subtle and tender. He gently pressed his lips against hers. He pulled back a little and looked away, exhaling.
Jonathan Swift|Our culture, self-toxified by the poisonous by-products of technology and egocentric ideology, is the unhappy inheritor of the dominator attitude that alteration of consciousness by the use of plants or substances is somehow wrong, onanistic, and perversely antisocial. I will argue that suppression of shamanic gnosis, with its reliance and insistence on ecstatic dissolution of the ego, has robbed us of life’s meaning and made us enemies of the planet, of ourselves, and our grandchildren. We are killing the planet in order to keep intact the wrongheaded assumptions of the ego-dominator cultural style.
Michelle M. Pillow, Spellbound|Angus skidded to a stop and lifted his jaw as if sensing he was being watched. He looked in her direction and instantly covered his manhood as his eyes caught Jane's shocked face in the tree limbs. "Oh, lassie."	"Oh, naked man," Jane teased before she could stop herself.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Landon drops the bloody knife and stares at Summer like he doesn’t even know her anymore. The truth is, she’ll never be the girl she was seven months ago. Too much has happened. Too much has changed.“Why’d you do that?” Summer cries.“To save you,” he says.But there’s nothing left to save.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Get this; without a continuous struggle, your previous struggles will become a waste. Stay on and hold on until the success become evident.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|That which the Fascists hate above all else, is intelligence.
Bruce Bueno de Mesquita|One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.
Alice McDermott|When poetry is on the money, 12 words can slay you. I admire that greatly.
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!
Chuck Jones|It's 8a.m. and time to restIt's 10a.m. and time to relaxIt's noon and time for reposeIt's 3p.m. and time for shut-eyeIt's 6p.m. and time for siestaIt's 9p.m. and time to slumberIt's midnight and time to snoozeIt's 4a.m. and time to hang upside down from your bedroom ceiling, screaming.
Adriana Trigiani, Rococo|My day begins at dawn as I take my cup of strong black espresso outside to watch the sunrise. I learned this ritual from my mother, who worked in a bread shop. Bakers are the great philosophers of the world, mostly because they have to get up early. When the world is quiet, great art is created - or, at the very least, conceptualized. Now is the moment to sketch, make notes, and dream.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|That day had changed him. It had changed the entire village. Shaken by the death of a boy they had loved, each person had found ways to be more worthy of the sacrifice he had made. They had become kinder, more careful, more attentive to one another.
Elizabeth Enright, The Saturdays|When you look for beauty, you usually end up finding it.From Central Park Song (A Screenplay)
Tallulah Bankhead|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Carrie Adams, The Godmother|As I have learned over the years, your friends don’t change; you just learn to ignore or embrace the bad bits.
David Burtka|It is not weird for a dad to be doing the dishes, the laundry, and taking the kids to school, and read them stories for bed.
Val Uchendu|The joy of success lies in the process or journey -- not so much on the destination, because one destination opens the door for another. It's like the beauty of watching a blossoming flower ... a bird taking flight for the first time or a child taking the first step ... Enjoy your process today as I am.
Anne Ursu, The Shadow Thieves|If shadows were caused by the interplay between light and Life, a child's was still forming. An adult's was inextricably bound to his body, but a child had a tenuous relationship to his own permanence, and thus, his own shadow.
Patrick Maunda Steven|Before you dismiss any gift as worthless, look again because it may just contain hidden treasure.
Pink|Anytime there was an award show, it was a ritual where me and my mom would sit around and watch with my friends. We would make desserts and buy chips and popcorn and see what our favorite performances of the night were.
Sarah Brightman|You have to remind kids to stay connected to the meaning of Christmas. Sometimes it takes a little bit of effort, but it's so worth it.
Keegan Kennedy|He reached out and ran his thumb over her bottom lip again and then slipped it inside her mouth. Eva froze, feeling the tip of his digit hook over her bottom teeth.
George Carlin|Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
Richard Kadrey, Sandman Slim|Thanks for treating me like, you know, a person through all this shit. I know that isn't always easy. (Stark)You do have a habit of pissing on other people's welcome mats. But, when a gentleman gives you a booty call to a massacre, it's easy to forgive. Ciao. (Candy)
David Hawkins|Human kind gradually begins to remove the blinders from their consciousness about life, about what is real and what is not. Intuition and psychic abilities increase.
Lauren Willig, The Other Daughter|As human beings we are plagued with inordinate affections. We love green pieces of paper more than God. We love balls made out of pigskin more than God. We've shown we even love apples more than God. We, like Esau, have traded our birthright- the dignity of our shameless, joy-filled, glory-beholding, glory-reflecting existence- for a bowl of beans.
Sefryana Khairil, Coming Home|Apa boleh kita punya harapan, Ray?""Boleh, kenapa nggak?""Walaupun kelihatannya nggak mungkin?""Kenapa nggak mungkin?
Faraaz Kazi|I wanted to wash away our past misgivings in those tears that would run from our eyes and weave a new start by folding her in my arms.I wanted to, but I did not!
Alexandra Fuller, Scribbling the Cat|It was a land of almost breathtaking beauty or of savage poverty; a land of screaming ghosts or of sun-flung possibilities; a land of inviting warmth or of desperate drought. How you see a country depends on whether you are driving through it, or living in it. How you see a country depends on whether or not you can leave it, if you have to.
Tamara Rendell, Mystical Tides|Dreams are like the old stories where wolves are seekers always running, and women carry fire in their bare hands and light the dark paths before them.Old stories hold that the birds will fly all the miles of the world to tell your secrets to the rising moon, and men will walk over oceans of ice to find one truth.
Nikki Rowe|Everywhere I read, I see a rush for love, if it comes knocking and your not ready you'll miss it; bla bla fucking bla... If love is, LOVE it wouldn't miss me and if it did, it wasn't worth my time to begin with. Never should the most important emotion of our journey be rushed.
Edison McDaniels, Not One Among Them Whole: A Novel of Gettysburg|They found the Infirmary of Justice much as they had left it: white institutional walls, too-bright floors, and a reassuring smell of antiseptic. Reassuring at least to Tara, because the smell signalled that the people running this infirmary knew about antiseptic.
Toba Beta|Often blaming, is a trait of a childish soul.
Bruce H. Lipton, The Biology of Belief: Unleashing the Power of Consciousness, Matter and Miracles|Our beliefs control our bodies, our minds, and thus our lives...
Patricia Marx|Once I got out of architecture school I decided not to be an architect, I just started my own little design studio.
Katy Perry|If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Auliq Ice|But I've learned now that your hard work and dedication will pay off, if you dare to be different. Because why would I want to be anything other than myself?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|Apparently, the glasses didn’t need to be connected to the internet for the wearer to poke into someone’s personal life. Even though a search engine could lead to an individual’s address, the browser couldn’t actually physically take you there. What had this inventor done? Did he have any idea?
Teri Terry|I left the bed as she had left it, unmade and rumpled, coverlets awry, so that her body's print might rest still warm beside my own.Until the next day I did not go to bathe, I wore no clothes and did not dress my hair, for fear I might erase some sweet caress.That morning I did not eat, nor yet at dusk, and put no rouge nor powder on my lips, so that her kiss might cling a little longer.I left the shutters closed, and did not open the door, for fear the memory of the night before might vanish with the wind.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Your True Home: The Everyday Wisdom of Thich Nhat Hanh: 365 days of practical, powerful teachings from the beloved Zen teacher|Libraries are reservoirs of strength, grace and wit, reminders of order, calm and continuity, lakes of mental energy, neither warm nor cold, light nor dark ... In any library in the world, I am at home, unselfconscious, still and abso
K.P. Yohannan, Revolution in World Missions|The secret to following God's will, I discovered, usually is wrapped up in rejecting the good for God's best.
Haileigh Horton|A gust of wind rattles the window, and I look out. Leaves are whooshing all over the place, flying past horizontally as if they have engines of their own.
Lisa Lampanelli|It was when my American coach Dan Pfaff came over from the States in 2009 and started working with me that we really began to look at my diet. He decided I was eating too many carbohydrates, so I cut back on bread. Over the next year I lost weight and became leaner.
Richard LaGravenese|It's a question of keeping one's eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. They're watching me too, to see what my attitude is like.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Whenever I ask a question, and the pain comes, I know I have asked a really good question.
Thomas Merton, Zen and the Birds of Appetite|America's put American Black Folks in such a bad position, empty plates and glasses now get us full.
Joshua Krook|Breakthroughs arise when someone can combine many ideas together. Think broadly, not deeply.
Laura Dern|I have a very wonderfully, bizarrely amazing relationship with my mother in that we've been through a myriad of emotions because we've acted together and played all these different kinds of mother-daughters.
Sam Harris|As a global society, we do not have to agree, endorse or condone the lifestyle choices of others. However, history has taught us that we equally cannot and should not excuse those who would hide behind religion or misuse God's word to justify bigotry and persecution.
Veronika Jensen|She was one of those languid women, made of dark honey, smooth and sweet, and terribly sticky, who take control of a room with a syrupy gesture, a toss of the hair, a single slow whiplash of the eyes — and all the while remain as still as the centre of a hurricane, apparently unaware of the force of gravity by which they irresistibly attract themselves the yearnings and the souls of both men and women.
Megan Frampton, Lady Be Bad|If you’re always asking what if you made another decision, you will never be happy with the decisions you have made. Every decision in your life has been the right one at the time to allow you to get to this point in your life. The only decisions you can change are your decisions in the future.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|(On the seeming futility of metaphysics) Why then has nature afflicted our reason with the restless striving for such a path, as if it were one of reason's most important occupations? Still more, how little cause have we to place trust in our reason if in one of the most important parts of our desire for knowledge it does not merely forsake us but even entices us with delusions and in the end betrays us! Or if the path has merely eluded us so far, what indications may we use that might lead us to hope that in renewed attempts we will be luckier than those who have gone before us?
Colleen Patrick-Goudreau|When health is absent, wisdom cannot reveal itself, art cannot manifest, strength cannot fight, wealth becomes useless, and intelligence cannot be applied.
Debasish Mridha|That's the value of the artist... Even when they aren't aware, they're dreaming our dreams for us.
Alexandra Daddario|This sounds crazy, but I know so many famous people, I'm just not intimidated by anyone. I feel really comfortable with it.
David Ayer|Nothing is as peaceful as when Christmas is over, when one has been forgiven for everything and can be normal again.
Ben Oliveira|Reading is only a pretext for our bodies to stick together, like a sculpture, fused in a way that when trying to separate one from other, or the work remains intact or is completely lost
Jess Bryant, Something To Talk About|Annabel,” I whispered in her ear, making sure not to touch her. Her heartbeat accelerated, her skin got the chills, and her pupils dilated, not to mention how delicious she smelled and how the excitement only increased the scent. My own body got tense and aroused. “Let your guard down and trust me. Nothing will happen that you don’t want to happen. I’m not trying to get you drunk or trick you. I just want to get to know you better.”“Shane,” she replied with her sexy, hot, and alluring voice that sent spirals of lust down my spine. “I have nothing against sleeping with you. I’m fully dressed for that.
Bob Rae, What's Happened to Politics?|The conservative does not defend the Old Regime; he speaks on behalf of old regimes—in the family, the factory, the field. There, ordinary men, and sometimes women, get to play the part of little lords and ladies, supervising their underlings as if they all belong to a feudal estate . . . The task of this type of conservatism---democratic feudalism—-becomes clear: surround these old regimes with fences and gates, protect them from meddlesome intruders like the state or a social movement, while descanting on mobility and innovation, freedom and the future.
Veena Nagpal, The Uncommon Memories of Zeenat Qureishi|...every harsh word spoken, every such act or even thought doesn’t just disappear - it hangs around somewhere in totality and some day it boomerangs to haunt us.
Carrie Mae Weems|I can understand why a single parent, working two jobs, would find it easier to stop at McDonald's with the kids rather than cook something from scratch at home.
Alexander Theroux, Darconville’s Cat|—except for the fact that your scars mean you’ve been hurting, I am one-hundred-percent cool with having them in the painting. Some models, especially the professional ones, it’s like painting air-brushed people. Give me something raw any day.
Donald Cargill|Pity may represent little more than the impersonal concern which prompts the mailing of a check, but true sympathy is the personal concern which demands the giving of one's soul.
Madeline Miller The song of achilles|The mythology of a people is far more than a collection of pretty of terrifying fables to be retold in carefully bowdlerized form to our schoolchildren. It is the comment of the men of one particular age or civilization on the mysteries of human existence and the human mind, their model for social behaviour, and their attempt to define in stories of gods and demons their perception of the inner realities. We can learn much from the mythologies of earlier peoples if we have the humility to respect ways of thought widely differing from our own. In certain respects we may be far cleverer than they, but not necessarily wiser. We cannot return to the mythological thinking of an earlier age; it is beyond our reach, like the vanished world of childhood. Even if we feel a nostalgic longing for the past, like that of Jon Keats for Ancient Greece of William Morris for medieval England, there is now no way of entry. The Nazis tries to revive the myths of ancient Germany in their ideology, but such an attempt could only lead to sterility and moral suicide. We cannot deny the demands of our own age, but this need not prevent us turning to the faith of another age with sympathetic understanding, and recapturing imaginatively some of its vanished power. It will even help us view more clearly the assumptions and beliefs of our own time.
Nathanael Greene|We will not read of that which hurts our pride or fears or 'feelings'. We forget, or gloss over, or excuse, an experience which injured the tentacles of our personality. We forget the pscyhiatrist's definition of a neurosis as 'refused pain'. In the same way we escape from mental pain. We refuse to believe what we do not like.
Sherri Shepherd|You know, there's nothing like seeing the smile on my kids' faces. Laughing together. Playing. It's the best.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance of Fear: Rising Above Anxiety, Fear, and Shame to Be Your Best and Bravest Self|If you pay attention, you may find that it is not fear that stops you from doing the brave and true thing in your daily life. Rather, the problem is avoidance. You want to feel comfortable, so you avoid doing the thing that will evoke fear and other disquieting emotions. Avoidance will make you feel less vulnerable in the short run, but it will never make you less afraid.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|...and that, in the end, the most interesting people always leave.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|In general, it’s not too hard to corrupt an American, mostly a matter of supply to their demand. Supply should be variegated to encourage the Illusion of Choice. Other than that they’re looking for numbness, so be ready to sedate. Drugs, booze, television, shopping, etc…
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|The Scotchman seemed hardly the same Farfrae who had danced with her, and walked with her, in a delicate poise between love and friendship - that period in the history of a love when alone it can be said to be unalloyed with pain.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Christ was an ordinary man who upon the attainment of absolute divinity or Nirvana or Samadhi became a better version of himself. Such an experience of divine ecstasy neurologically transformed him into a great teacher for humanity filled with love, kindness and divinity.
Gwynne Shotwell|Most of our history in space has been communicated in terms of action - what people do, a chronological list of events which have transpired - as opposed to the human experience of having done those things.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|But I had no idea who this person might be, or who any of the people might be who sat at that table and watched me at the door and claimed to have feelings not exactly for me, but at me.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|From the perspective of a general human being – a non-scientist, the most valuable element of the human mental life, is Emotion – a tiny portion of our conscious mental world. We humans as a species crave for emotional stimulation. And in many cases, as it happens, we are actually slaves to our emotions.
Marissa Jaret Winokur|It is amazing to think after all that has happened in this country in the last few years, the last few decades, that so many people have this blind faith that government is our friend and therefore, so we don't need protections against it.
Roman Payne|I fear it is my lot, to bide my days in hunchbacked thought, to find what I forgot.
Kim Cormack, Enlightenment|Tiberius sparred, “Mr. Monogamy doesn’t find my shenanigans funny? Oh thank god, if you did I’d have to chuck it all and join a monastery.” Thorne sparred, “You’d never be able to stop talking long enough.” Frost laughed, “He’d light on fire as soon as he stepped through the gate.” 	“Right alongside of you,” Tiberius said, patting Frost’s shoulder. 	“Touché,” Frost chuckled. “You do have me there.
U2|What you don’t have you don’t need it now.  What you don’t know you can feel it somehow . What you don’t have you don’t need it now , don’t need it now It was a beautiful day
Henry Miller, Sextet: Six Essays|You’re all so obsessed with other worlds, you’re so convinced that this one is crap and everywhere else is great, but you’ve never bothered to figure out what’s going on here!
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|Shards flew everywhere, slicing her hands, her forearm, and cascading to the floor like snow glistening on a winter morning.
Amy Lane, Rampant|I will love you forever,” I murmured, and he stroked the hair off of my forehead.I will hold you to that.” His face was grim and his voice was sober—hetouched my handprint of chaos as he said it, and I knew in my bones that it was a solemn vow, and not a sweet or a kind offering of love at all. Green would make me live if he had to crack the foundations of the world.
Rachel Bertsche, MWF Seeking BFF: My Yearlong Search For A New Best Friend|But on a Sunday morning when I want to grab an omelet over girl talk, I’m at a loss. My Chicago friends are the let’s-get-dinner-on-the-books-a-month-in-advance type. We email, trading dates until we find an open calendar slot amidst our tight schedules of workout classes, volunteer obligations (no false pretenses here, the volunteers are my friends, not me, sadly), work events, concert tickets and other dinners scheduled with other girls. I’m looking for someone to invite to watch The Biggest Loser with me at the last minute or to text “pedicure in half an hour?” on a Saturday morning. To me, that’s what BFFs are.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|All true teachings expand awareness, not limit it.
Anaïs Nin, The Novel of the Future|I stress the expansion and elaboration of language. In simplifying it, reducing it, we reduce the power of our expression and our power to communicate. Standardization, the use of worn-out formulas, impedes communication because it does not match the subtlety of our minds or emotions, the multimedia of our unconscious life.
Robert Moor, On Trails: An Exploration|Back home, Huxley drew from this experience to compose a series of audacious attacks against the Romantic love of wilderness. The worship of nature, he wrote, is "a modern, artificial, and somewhat precarious invention of refined minds." Byron and Wordsworth could only rhapsodize about their love of nature because the English countryside had already been "enslaved to man." In the tropics, he observed, where forests dripped with venom and vines, Romantic poets were notably absent. Tropical peoples knew something Englishmen didn't. "Nature," Huxley wrote, "is always alien and inhuman, and occasionally diabolic." And he meant always: Even in the gentle woods of Westermain, the Romantics were naive in assuming that the environment was humane, that it would not callously snuff out their lives with a bolt of lightning or a sudden cold snap. After three days amid the Tuckamore, I was inclined to agree.
Debasish Mridha|There is no way to love, love is the way of life.
Dru Edmund Kucherera|As relationships wane, let the love remain.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Much popular self-help literature normalizes sexism. Rather than linking habits of being, usually considered innate, to learned behavior that helps maintain and support male domination, they act as those these difference are not value laden or political but are rather inherent and mystical. In these books male inability and/or refusal to honestly express feelings is often talked about as a positive masculine virtue women should learn to accept rather than a learned habit of behavior that creates emotional isolation and alienation.... Self-help books that are anti-gender equality often present women's overinvestment in nurturance as a 'natural,' inherent quality rather than a learned approach to caregiving. Much fancy footwork takes place to make it seem that New Age mystical evocations of yin and yang, masculine and feminine androgyny, and so on, are not just the same old sexist stereotypes wrapped in more alluring and seductive packaging.
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|Then, instead of telling her that where there was life there was hope, or to let a smile be her umbrella, or that it was always darkest just before the dawn, or anything else that had just lately fallen out of the dog's ass, she simply held her. Because sometimes only holding was best. That was one of the things she had taught that man whose last name she had taken for her own--that sometimes it was best to be quiet; sometimes it was best to just shut your everlasting mouth and hang on, hang on, hang on.
Carl Sagan, Billions & Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium|Our senses and emotions are the great source of inspiration for creating compelling and interesting art pieces (books included). Each art piece, be it a book, a song, a painting, a photograph or a product should touch our senses and evoke emotions. Emotionless art lacks purpose and interest.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|...hope is never wasted. Even if what I hoped for did not come to fruition as I had imagined, as I had hoped. Hope is placing the beautifully vulnerable parts of ourselves, our raw selves, into His hands. I believe hope moves His heart; but hope also moves our hearts into His hands. Hope builds trust.
Ice Cube|I created 'Rookie' because I read a lot of websites that I thought were cool and interesting, but they weren't for teens, and I wanted us to have something that could be ours.
Peter Dricler|If you think training is expensive, try ignorance.
Mary Margaret Jensen, Against the Grain|If you fall-and trust me, you will- make sure you fall on your back. Because if you fall on your back, you can see up. And if you can see up, you can get up. And you can keep going and going and going.
Sunday Adelaja|If when you think of yourself, you think only of your physical body –even if you are physically fit and firm, at your ideal weight with beautiful hair, eyes or lips- if that is how you gauge your success, you are mistaken
Harshada Pathare, You Complete Me|His pulse races under my palms. "Was there ever. . .between us, was there ever something?" I say.He shakes his head. "Just for me. But you were always Noah's.""I don't want to be."He doesn't say anything.
Evita Peron|Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|No man lives, can live, without having some object in view, and making efforts to attain that object. But when object there is none, and hope is entirely fled, anguish often turns a man into a monster.
Marty Rubin|The greatest obstacle to true learning is the inability to say "I don't know.
Claude Shannon|I was never very good at exams, having a poor memory and finding the examination process rather artificial, and there never seemed to be enough time to follow up things that really interested me.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Like you and me," said Jade. "How we used to be.""What do you mean? Crazy?""Living on our own world. Believing what we felt was separate from everything else. We couldn't do anything except be together and nothing else was real.""That's right.""Well, that's crazy. And you just said it was, even you.""No, " I said, "not when we both believe it. Crazy people are alone and no one understands what they mean. But that's not our way. We both know and it makes complete sense. It's not when you make it true by living it. And other people believe it, too, remember. Believe it about us. Everyone who knows us, sees us together. We have that effect.
John C. Reilly|My mother is a special education teacher but also an artist, and my father an advertising executive. They are about as wacky as you can get without being alcoholics.
Ian  McClellan, One Undead Step|Zombies are the ideal late twentieth-century monsters. A zombie is the one thing you can't deal with. It survives anything. Frankenstein's monster and Dracula could be sent down in so many ways. Zombies, though, fall outside all this. You can't argue with them. They just keep coming at you.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|It is hard to have patience with people who say, ‘There is no death’ or ‘Death doesn’t matter.’ There is death. And whatever is matters. And whatever happens has consequences, and it and they are irrevocable and irreversible. You might as wel say that birth doesn’t matter.
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|People.. were poor not because they were stupid or lazy. They worked all day long, doing complex physical tasks. They were poor because the financial institution in the country did not help them widen their economic base.
Richard Grasso|With my history, unfortunately, with my family suffering through gun violence, it's something that I feel passionately about, that even though the odds are certainly always uphill, that doesn't mean that I will stop fighting to try to change that.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|We want to climb in with you,' Dermot said. 'We'll all sleep better.'That seemed incredibly weird and creepy to me - or maybe I only thought it should have. I was simply too tired to argue. I climbed in the bed. Claude got in on one side of me, Dermot on the other. Just when I was thinking, I would never be able to sleep, that this situation was too odd and too wrong, I felt a kind of blissful relaxation roll through my body, a kind of unfamiliar comfort. I was with family. I was with blood.And I slept.
Henry James|I remember watching the mascara tears flood the ivories and I thought, "It's OK to be sad." I've been trained to love my darkness.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I have a wide circle of friends, wide enough to keep them away from me.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Knighthood lies above eternity; it doesn’t live off fame, but rather deeds.
Jody Gehrman, Babe in Boyland|These guys may not talk too much about relationships, but they sure do blush at telling moments, don’t they? Maybe that’s the key to understanding the opposite sex; I could invent a science, call it blushology.
Tom  Carter|Is China a drug? Like any drug, it depends entirely on the user’s own state of mind. If we’re making metaphors, for old China hands I’d imagine their time here draws parallels with the soaring euphoria and bleak depths of smoking opium, while China for the uninitiated is probably a bit like bath salts: the constantly convulsing nervous system, the paranoia, the god-complex, the rage. I’d liken my own China experience to a decade-long acid trip. It began with liberating my mind from the restraints of Western society. Then I departed on an odyssey that took me tens of thousands of miles across China, experiencing various metaphysical and spiritual states as my journey progressed, punctuated by periods of intense creativity due to my heightened sensory perceptions. To a background score of warped erhu and guzheng, and the looped calls of sidewalk vendors echoing into the void, the kaleidoscopic chaos of this culture surged around me like the Yangtze river – in outer space. Now I’m one with China’s cosmic consciousness. I want to reeducate the communists with love. Or maybe I’m not even here. Maybe I really did perish during my kora around Mount Kailash and none of this ever happened...
Rachel Simmons, The Curse of the Good Girl: Raising Authentic Girls with Courage and Confidence|When kindness comes at the expense of truth, it is not a kindness worth having. And when generosity leads to silence or abuse, it is not a generosity worth giving.
Barry Bonds|You can have a certain arrogance, and I think that's fine, but what you should never lose is the respect for the others.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|I was his “little girl with the William Burroughs mind,” his “secret fairy,” “female Frank Zappa” and “window onto a magical world.” He said I fell to earth, leaving wing-marks on the ceilings of our dreams.
Sigismund|It wasn't the wild animals that scared her, but the civilised ones.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Joe|The older I get the more mixed up life seems. When you're little, it's all so plain. It's all laid out like a game ready to play. You think you know exactly how it's going to go. But things happen...
Stefan D|One difficulty that someone who has been in military/government service during war has, is reconciling his/her pride with their horror.
Amy Jackson|I was tall and skinny, and at 15, I was approached to model. I figured that models got to travel, and it became my ticket to travel so much so that if an agency could not fly me to another country, I would fly on my cost so that I could see that country and also make some money.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|... There can be no grounding of love and goodness without power (strength). Love that is not founded on inner strength is easily destroyed by power. Caring that is based only on the wish to be nice and to be comfortable in one's relationships blows away as soon as the wolf is at the door. This is true in people's personal lives, and it is paralleled in organizations.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|They were so ignorant, so naive, so resigned to their lot. They refused to believe anything that didn't fit in with what they were used to believing.
Ronnie Musgrove|I can't really put it in one sentence because although on one hand Preacher is about faith and yes it is also about, I suppose, the search for God, the search for faith and the manipulation and the abuse committed by figures in whom I suppose people have faith.
Nancy Duarte|Fantasy is my favorite genre for reading and writing. We have more options than anyone else, and the best props and special effects. That means if you want to write a fantasy story with Norse gods, sentient robots, and telepathic dinosaurs, you can do just that. Want to throw in a vampire and a lesbian unicorn while you're at it? Go ahead.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|The three great acts are love, goodness and self-sacrifice.
Dennis C. Blair|Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.
Eamon Grennan|It may be enough, however, to have it said that we survive in exact relationship to the dedication of our poets (include preachers, musicians, and blues singers).
Rabino David Wolpe|Faith is not knowledge of what the mystery of the universe is, but the conviction that there is a mystery, and that it is greater than us.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|The only reaction Alexis could express to his response was: Mine. She pulled his neck lower, eager to feel his lips on hers, his warm mouth entwined with hers. He stroked her hunger with each brush of their lips, his body now laying on hers, kissing her until she wasn’t sure which way was up or down. Only, it didn’t stop with a kiss. Alexis knew it would never again stop with just a kiss.
Avijeet Das|When I see you smile, I feel a volcano of magical eruptions happening within my heart!
Virginia Alison|Fly high... Where the only chill that cuts through you is the wind. Where your heart pounds from exhilaration not disappointment and after ascending through cloudy wisps, brushing your wings, there is only the clear blue horizon beckoning you forth....
James Thurbur|Ships are safe at Harbor, but that's what they aren't meant for.
Jason Jack Miller, Hellbender|The green of these mountains in my lungs smelled like an old friend, one who wouldn't tell lies to you. One who understood. One who knew pain didn't go away just because you wanted it to. And when I exhaled, only the sweet scent of smoke and s dry mouth remained. But the scent was enough to rekindle the memory.
Nicki Minaj|The truth is, if anyone saw my home life, I'm pretty sure it would look like other families' around the world. There's a lot of juggling to be done.
David Archuleta|The worst gift that I ever gave a girl was a suitcase for Christmas. As in, 'I can't think of anything to give you, but here's a new suitcase.' Afterward, I was like, 'What were you thinking, idiot?'
Michael Bassey Johnson|London is one of the most fascinating, historic, amazing cities in the world!
Tahir Shah, The Caliph's House: A Year in Casablanca|Somewhere along the way people became afraid to be single. To be unmarried, separate from others and lost their individuality searching for it in society’s view of relationships.
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|We do all these things when we are young. The poise, the savoir faire, it comes later.
Amy Winehouse|I see people who talk about America, and then undermine it by not paying attention to its soul, to its poetry. I see polarization, reductionism and superficiality.
Millard Kaufman, Bowl of Cherries|She wrote poetry constantly; that was her "work". She was a slow bleeder and she slaved over it for long, exhausting hours, and many a middle of a night I could hear her creaking around the dead house with a pen in one hand, a clipboard and a flashlight in the other, refining her poems, jotting down the lines of a conceit. Writing never came easy for her; it gave her calluses. She never courted the muses, she wrestled them, mauled them all over the house and came up, after weeks of peripatetic labor, with a slim Spencerian sonnet, fourteen lines of imagistic jabberwocky.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Simplicity starts in the heart, away from negativity and pessimism.
Lynette Ferreira, William: The Vampire Pirate Saga|Do you think he'll be alright?"she said, looking at the injured stallion... He felt comforted that she'd chosen to sit out here with him in the cold stables... When he was younger he thought he'd known what it was to feel passion. But what he was experiencing now, sitting close to her on a hale bay, there was simply no comparison.
Stephen Richards|Never be paralyzed by fear, just by falling off a cliff
Augusten Burroughs, You Better Not Cry: Stories for Christmas|It comes every year and will go on forever. And along with Christmas belong the keepsakes and the customs. Those humble, everyday things a mother clings to, and ponders, like Mary in the secret spaces of her heart.
Snoop Dogg|I felt in a lot of instances I was deliberately being put through stress because when you're a guy who generates money, people have a vested interested in controlling you.
M.F. Moonzajer|There is much enjoy in vengeance than love, and we humans already knew that.
Justin Timberlake|Close friends contribute to our personal growth. They also contribute to our personal pleasure, making the music sound sweeter, the wine taste richer, the laughter ring louder because they are there.
Larissa Ione, Immortal Rider|What can we learn from women like Gertrude "Ma" Rainey, Bessie Smith, and Billie Holiday that we may not be able to learn from Ida B. Wells, Anna Julia Cooper, and Mary Church Terrell? If we were beginning to appreciate the blasphemies of fictionalized blues women - especially their outrageous politics of sexuality - and the knowledge that might be gleaned from their lives about the possibilities of transforming gender relations within black communities, perhaps we also could benefit from a look at the artistic contributions of the original blues women.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Meghan pushed her chocolate cheesecake across the table to me. I hadn’t gotten paid yet for November, so I had only ordered coffee. “Here,” she said.“Don’t you want it?”“Sure I want it. I ordered it. But I’m giving it to you.”“Why?”Meghan stood up and got me a fork. “Remember what Nora said about love? In your movie?”“Love is when you have a really amazing piece of cake, and it’s the very last piece, but you let him have it,” I said.“So it’s really amazing cake,” said Meghan. “And I want you to have it.
Clemence Housman, The Were-Wolf|Art thou like me, child of my darkest heart? And dost thou think my untamed thoughts and speak my vast language?” “Yea, we are twin brothers, O, Night; for thou revealest space and I reveal my soul.
Amber Heard|I think Canadians want to get a feel for the people who will serve them... and, for me, I think that Canadians will trust people who trust them.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|This is a perfectly good picture. And if I didn't know you, I would be impressed and charmed. But I do know you."He thought some more, wondering whether he dared say precisely what he felt, for he knew he could never explain exactly why the idea came to him. "It's the painting of a dutiful daughter," he said eventually, looking at her cautiously to see her reaction. "You want to please. You are always aware of what the person looking at this picture will think of it. Because of that you've missed something important. Does that make sense?"She thought, then nodded. "All right," she said grudgingly and with just a touch of despair in her voice. "You win."Julien grunted. "Have another go, then. I shall come back and come back until you figure it out.""And you'll know?""You'll know. I will merely get the benefit of it.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|That was the real bitch about time: Everything true would become false, if only you waited long enough.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|In this century history stopped paying attention to the old psychological orientation of reality. I mean, these days, character isn't destiny any more. Economy is destiny. Ideology is destiny. Bombs are destiny. What does a famine, a gas chamber, a grenade care how you lived your life? Crisis comes, death comes, and your pathetic individual self doesn't have a thing to do with it, only to suffer the effects.
Brother Yun, The Heavenly Man: The Remarkable True Story of Chinese Christian Brother Yun|From that day on I clearly understood that the kingdom of God can never mix with politics. The ultimate, stated aim of Marxist teaching is the complete eradication of all religion. The pure bride of Christ can never be controlled by an atheistic government or led by men who hate God!
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|for some reason, dying men always ask the question they know the answer to. perhaps it's so they can die being right.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|Look for mein sleepless nights,among the stars,I’ll be your guiding star...Look for mein the moments of happiness,on a green field,I’ll be your joy....
Mahtob Mahmoody, My Name Is Mahtob: The Story that Began the Global Phenomenon Not Without My Daughter Continues|As hard as I fought to hold on to my anger, to continue to hate my dad, the tugging of the good memories eventually found an inroad to my heart. No one is all good or all bad. The reality that my father would forever be a part of me was inescapable. A big part of making peace with myself was rediscovering the good in him and claiming that as my inheritance. The act of forgiving wasn’t like flipping a switch—forgiven . . . unforgiven . . . forgiven . . . unforgiven . . . forgiven.
Compton Gage|Behold, O Lord, yet art thou nigh unto them that be reserved till the end: and what shall they do that have been before me, or we that be now, or they that shall come after us?
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Blades|There is one kind of charity common enough among us… It is that patchwork philanthropy which clothes the ragged, feeds the poor, and heals the sick. I am far from decrying the noble spirit which seeks to help a poor or suffering fellow being… [However] what advances a nation or a community is not so much to prop up its weakest and most helpless members, but to lift up the best and the most gifted, so as to make them of the greatest service to the country.
Adam Smith|Most men—it is my experience—are neither virtuous nor scoundrels, good-hearted nor bad-hearted. They are a little of one thing and a little of the other and nothing for any length of time: ignoble mediocrities.
Sia|Fun can happen on the interior. Nobody knows about it, but there are fireworks going on inside your spirit when you hear a great orchestra playing great music.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you act against gravity, you break your body. When you act against Love, you break your heart.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A tractor beam from the Imperial ship locked onto the shuttle and in seconds it became apparent they were being hauled in. The tractor was inescapable, and they knew it. The shuttle’s small yet potent engines struggled vainly against the irresistible pull. Inside, the Hammer and his men prepared to meet their fate.
Dick Cheney|Revenge by young men is considered gain, even at the cost of their own lives, but old men who stay at home in times of war, and mothers who have sons to lose, know better.
Sunday Adelaja|My mission is to identify the purpose of my coming on this planet and having identified it, to complete and achieve it
Nabil Sabio Azadi|The winds of fortune tend to favour the sails of those who politely yell out to it, 'Nice to meet you!
Lajos Kossuth|Indiscriminate attacks on civilians ought, under all circumstances, to be illegal in war as in peacetime.
Patti Smith|We want things we cannot have. We seek to reclaim a certain moment, sound, sensation. I want to hear my mother's voice. I want to see my children as children. Hands small, feet swift. Everything changes. Boy grown, father dead, daughter taller than me, weeping from a bad dream. Please stay forever, I say to the things I know. Don't go. Don't grow.
Edward M. Hallowell, Driven to Distraction: Recognizing and Coping with Attention Deficit Disorder from Childhood Through Adulthood|45,000 sections of reinforced concrete—three tons each.Nearly 300 watchtowers.Over 250 dog runs.Twenty bunkers.Sixty five miles of anti-vehicle trenches—signal wire, barbed wire, beds of nails.Over 11,000 armed guards.A death strip of sand, well-raked to reveal footprints.200 ordinary people shot dead following attempts to escape the communist regime.96 miles of concrete wall.Not your typical holiday destination.JF Kennedy said the Berlin Wall was a better option than a war. In TDTL, the Anglo-German Bishop family from the pebbledashed English suburb of Oaking argue about this—among other—notions while driving to Cold War Berlin, through all the border checks, with a plan to visit both sides of it.
Arthur Scargill|So many older people, they just sit around all day long and they don't get any exercise. Their muscles atrophy, and they lose their strength, their energy and vitality by inactivity.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|For instance, the cards that I wrote for the company's 'I'd Like to Declare My Confused and Ambiguous Fondness for You' line were all notorious failures, some of which were blamed as the single direct cause of several nasty divorces, and some of their purchasers had actually taken the effort to discover the identity of their anonymous author, sending me hate mail, dead fish, and poorly wrapped, oil-stained packages emitting ticking noises.
R.G. Yoho|God has not given us the spirit of fear. He has given us the spirit of Love and a competent mind.Love conquers fear, because Love has Power, that creates a competent mind, that allows a person to make rational decisions and use righteous judgment to resolve or solve problems.Through this God-given process, we are able to endure and persevere in times of hardships, and when facing a crisis. When our spirit is broken by hate, and heavy loads are placed upon us, we turn to God for strength in our storms of life. And we seek his Love to restore us to wholeness. He restores us with Hope. From within him we receive Love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance as it is noted in Galatians 5:22.Because of God's Love for us, we are able to have the patience to wait for his Power to restore us so that we are in control of our mind to over-power fear and to lead a successful life to meet our goals and create a greater opportunity filled with his blessings.He has created us to be a victorious people. Therefore, we are able to create far greater opportunities through Love.God gives power to the faint; and to them that have no might he increases strength. (Isaiah 40:29)When we are broken by the storms of life, God's Love restore us. We bow before him, in a humble spirit at his throne of grace, and ask in prayer for mercy and renewed strength. It is here that we find the needed strength to forgive those who have wronged us and the Power to Love.Those who wait upon the Lord, shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk and not faint. (Isaiah 40:31)Fear is powerless. It torments the mind and paralyzes the thought process. It causes panic. Thereby, leaving the person, feeling a sense of hopelessness and unwilling to trust others. It closes possibilities to allow for change.The prophet Isaiah noted; Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. (Isaiah 40:30)And when Jesus disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, "It is a spirit," and they cried out for fear. But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, Be of good cheer; it is I, be not afraid. (Matthew 14:26, 27)Fear is a person's worst enemy; it causes panic, that results in making irrational decisions. Such behavior is based on poor judgment, that was made due to a lack of patience, to make an adequate investigation of the situation before proceeding. The outcome will create serious problems that can cause serious harm.LOVE is the chain that binds us together.Do not allow hate to separate us.There is One GodOne familyOne faithOne worldWe are not defined by belief or by faith nor religion.We are the family of God.Written by: Ellen J. BarrierSource of Scriptures: King James Version Bible
Josefa Iloilo|When the people we love stop paying attention, trust begins to slip away and hurt starts seeping in.
Zoltan Istvan, The Transhumanist Wager|The American Dream has become a death sentence of drudgery, consumerism, and fatalism: a garage sale where the best of the human spirit is bartered away for comfort, obedience and trinkets. It's unequivocally absurd.
James Dyson|I am always updating and coming up with something fresh, whether it's a colour, a trend, or a design, as my uncle always taught me to be unique and different.
Victoria Scott, The Collector|Dante.Oh,Dante.Seal me!Seal me so hard!”.He grabs my hips andpumps his toward mine.“Oh,Dante! You’re so hot when you seal souls.”I shove my idiot-of-a-best-friend off me and laugh.“What the hell was that?” I ask.“My new move.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|If it looks real and feels real, do you think it matters if it's real?
Andrew O'Hagan|I never thought that I would become a staple in the Australian cultural diet. The equivalent of bread or milk, or a fine old Tasmanian Mauve Vein. I think it's because I talk about things that people dare not mention. I don't mean raunchy things or unsavoury things. I call a spade a spade - I discuss things in a realistic manner.
Malcolm X|To survive in peace and harmony, united and strong, we must have one people, one nation, one flag.
Paulo Freire|I am against all kinds of oppression. Poverty, Sexism, racism, terrorism, classicism, imperialism, heterosexism, Cisgenderism, colorism, Ableism, and Nativism. Because it hinder human progression.
Umberto Eco|In a way, 'Like Crazy' keys into our generation, this idea of now we can still be in communication. Where do the boundaries of relationships end?
Nurudeen Ushawu|The biggest obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a gift, but living is a choice.
Soojung Jo, Ghost of Sangju|I don't understand this--when people love you so much they are willing to get rid of you. I think if I loved someone that much I'd want to stay with them. It doesn't make sense that love would make a mother leave, and I wonder when this mother will love me that much too. I get the idea that love might be something to both desire and fear, and maybe if we don't love each other too much I won't have to go away again. I wonder why love works for everyone else, but it doesn't work for me.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|The mathematician’s patterns, like the painter’s or the poet’s must be beautiful; the ideas like the colours or the words, must fit together in a harmonious way. Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics.
Big Sean|As an industrial designer, you design the thing by yourself, and then it goes away from you, whereas fashion is in constant relation to the body and to psychology. It makes it more complicated, and it makes it more challenging.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The continent is too large to describe. It is a veritable ocean, a separate planet, a varied, immensely rich cosmos. Only with the greatest simplification, for the sake of convenience, can we say 'Africa'. In reality, except as a geographical appellation, Africa does not exist.
Roger Zelazny, The Courts of Chaos|Whatever end found us, it would not find us separated. -- Bella Cullen
Sebastien de Castell, Saint's Blood|However much this annoyed me, it is accepted practice for a duellist's supporters to cheer them on- in fact, i was entitled to similar outbursts from my own admirers.'This Undriel fellow really is remarkably skilled,'Kest remarked.Undriel. That was the bastard's name.Brasti came to my defence, after a fashion. 'It's not Falcio's fault. He's getting old. And slow. Also, i think he might be getting fat. Just look at him- barely four months since he beat Shuran and already he's half the man he once was.'Always nice to have friends nearby in troubled times, i thought, batting at Undriel's blade with a clumsy parry that was testament to my increasing exhaustion.
Lisa Kessler, Blood Moon|I should’ve let her walk right out the door, but something about Nadya made it tough for me to be the asshole I wanted to be.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Great Shark Hunt: Strange Tales from a Strange Time|Every reader, as he reads, is actually the reader of himself. The writer's work is only a kind of optical instrument he provides the reader so he can discern what he might never have seen in himself without this book. The reader's recognition in himself of what the book says is the proof of the book's truth.
Ge Fei, Flock of Brown Birds|Like a great ship, this season has run aground. Dawn and dusk alternate at an old man's pace. I live alone in an area known as the 'Waterside', writing a book akin to the Revelations of St. John.
Bill Mollison, Introduction to Permaculture|Sitting at our back doorsteps, all we need to live a good life lies about us. Sun, wind, people, buildings, stones, sea, birds and plants surround us. Cooperation with all these things brings harmony, opposition to them brings disaster and chaos.
Sunday Adelaja|We cannot change the country, if our life has not been changed
Arti Honrao|Fiction though it is a fiction, should be written in a way that it feels like a reality, a reality every reader willingly or sometimes unwillingly goes through, until the reader finishes reading and sometimes even after that.
Rick Warren|God does not begin by asking our ability, only our availability, and if we prove our dependability, He will increase our capability.
Alex de Campi|There's nothing on Earth like really nailing the last line of a big book. You have 200 pages to tickle their fancy, and seven words to break their heart.
Hannah Fielding|He emerged out of the lake, the declining sun drenching him with aureate light, the droplets on his body iridescent in their beams. He walked confidently toward her, almost every inch of his sculptured body exposed in his black swimsuit. Each sharp contour of muscle glistened, each limb unfolded with lithe grace as he approached, his eyes riveted on her. Coral watched spellbound, a yearning surging up within her, eager and expectant. The air around them trembled with infinite anticipation.
Abdulzeez Henry Musa|It is not how much money or luxury you avail a child that counts, but how well you nurture and raise the child to become useful, and a more productive individual in the society that matters
Dorothy L. Sayers|Whenever ideas fail, men invent words.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|He'd learned pretty early that the illusioned virtuous creatures were no more than that— illusions. Innocence was a community that was used up and consumed fairly quickly. More often than not, innocence was just ignorance, and the true character revealed itself before long— twisted and greedy like the rest.
D.J. MacHale|Now it was just the three of us: the leader, the warrior, and the kid about to wet his pants. Guess who I was.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 1|Time and times are but cogwheels, unmatched, grinding on oblivious to one another. Occasionally - oh, very rarely! - the cogs fit; the pieces of the plot snap together momentarily and give men faint glimpses beyond the veil of this everyday blindness we call reality.
Gillian Flynn, Dark Places|If I say I don't want to read the book, I don't want to read the book.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The boundaries of your abilities are set by no one else but yourself, ultimately, and it is up to you when they will be pushed.
Rachel Roy|I'm not a size 0, and I'm nowhere close to it. But, I don't want anyone to know what I am so I like to design clothes so you don't know what's going on under there.
Karen Salmansohn|When it's all said and done remember, "You are only as old as you look.
Gugu Mona|It is in your best interest to avoid sleep debt, otherwise be prepared to pay both the DEBT and the INTEREST!
Kyoko M., Back to Black|Dying's a bitch, and I would know.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|If a book were written all in numbers, it would be true. It would be just. Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Things in words got twisted and ran together, instead of staying straight and fitting together. But underneath the words, at the center, like the center of the Square, it all came out even. Everything could change, yet nothing would be lost. If you saw the numbers you could see that, the balance, the pattern. You saw the foundations of the world. And they were solid.
Unarine Ramaru|I can't predict the future but I'm pretty much sure of how I want it to be, how so? Because I have a dream and zero reasons not to achieve it.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|I stare at the pile of discarded remnants and think of my mother. Did she touch that pillar there? Does her scent still linger in a fragment of glass or a splinter of wood? A terrible emptiness settles into my chest. No matter how much I go about living, there are always small reminders that make the loss fresh again.
Gilles Deleuze, Anti-Oedipus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia|Christianity taught us to see the eye of the lord looking down upon us. Such forms of knowledge project an image of reality, at the expense of reality itself. They talk figures and icons and signs, but fail to perceive forces and flows. They bind us to other realities, and especially the reality of power as it subjugates us. Their function is to tame, and the result is the fabrication of docile and obedient subjects.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people masturbate to temporarily replace their partners when they are absent, whereas some people do that to temporarily live in the present.
John Lubbock|Deep in their roots, all flowers keep the light.
Christine Kenneally, The First Word: The Search for the Origins of Language|The rules of syntax and intonation and words matured over time into the system we have today because they were progressively refined by use and the forge of survival and reproduction - not because the brain got big and complicated for some other reason, and all of a sudden we discovered we could now manipulate symbols as well.
Karen Salmansohn|The hardest thing about "everything happens for a reason" is waiting for that reason to show up.
Cory Groshek, Breaking Away|If you truly believe in something, that is, if you care enough about it to not just dream about it, but to do something about it, your belief will bring it to you.
Anissa Rafeh, Beirut to the 'burbs|Arab' is the new four-letter word, didn't you know?
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|One day we found them. They must of been holding a gook convention or something, cause it seem like the same sort of deal as when you step on a anthill and they all come swarming around.
Bob Ong|Kung matatakot kang harapin ang totoo at sabihin ang talagang nararamdaman mo dahil baka masaktan ka, isa lang ibig sabihin noon: ipinagkait mo na sa sarili mo ang pagiging masaya at kinarir mo ang magpakatanga.
Dan Oswald|One of the benchmarks of great communicators is their ability to listen not just to what's being said, but to what's not being said as well. They listen between the lines.
C. JoyBell C.|When people are broken on the outside, society is taught to never be rude to them. When people are broken on the inside, society is taught to rub happiness in their faces and show them how perfect life should be. When someone has half of an arm, you are not supposed to go up to them and show them how great of an arm wrestler you are. But when someone has a broken mind or a broken soul, you're taught to go up to them and tell them to look for joy in everything. Society has a very long way to go in terms of what it means to heal this world's broken people.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Don’t run away from the gains because it comes with pains. If you ever love to go for the sweet honey, be ready to be stung by a busy bee! Go for it anyway!
Blink-182|hello there, the angel from my nightmare.the shadow in the backgroung of the mourge.the unsuspecting victim of darkness in the valley.we could live like jack and sally if we want.
Mlungisi Simelane|By what you allow to occupy your mind and mouth, you can either bless your life to great heights of success or send it orbiting into realms of failure, sadness, and discontentment.
Pepper Schwartz|When my body is covered and disappears, it's not about the relationship between me and the wall, but the relationship between me as an individual and those slogans which are used to fool the public.
Anthony Liccione|A tongue is about the size of a bullet, but much more fierce and powerful.
John Ruskin|Modern traveling is not traveling at all; it is merely being sent to a place, and very little different from becoming a parcel.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Creamy and leggy, with long azure hair and the eyes of a silent-movie star, she moved like a poem and smiled like a sphinx.
Katherine Mansfield, Katherine Mansfield Notebooks: Complete Edition|The mind I love most must have wild places, a tangled orchard where dark damsons drop in the heavy grass, an overgrown little wood, the chance of a snake or two, a pool that nobody fathomed the depth of, and paths threaded with flowers planted by the mind.
Laurence Sterne|You should be a person inside the world with knowledge of your terrain. And if you lock yourself into the 2,000-by-3,000-square-mile, lower-48 box of the United States, you're going to be frustrated by its limitations. You gotta think outside the box.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|So what I want to know is why it is that I can no longer find you, in my mind. You are still there, just, but you are there like a ghost, a will o' the wisp. Not long ago you burned--your heart burned--in my mind like silver fire. But after that night in the inn it became patchy and dim, and now it is not there at all.""Could it be that the heart that you seek is no longer my own? I have given my heart to another.""The boy? The one in the inn? With the unicorn?""Yes.""You should have let me take it back then, for my sisters and me. We could have been young again, well into the next age of the world. Your boy will break it, or waste it, or lose it. They all do.""Nonetheless, he has my heart. I hope your sisters will not be too hard on you, when you return to them without it.
Julie Anne Long, The Runaway Duke|Hey. I've just thought of something which I shouldn't think about. Hey. Whoa, wait a minute. I feel like I'm thinking of even ore things I shouldn't. After all, I can't want, nor wish for it, because I'll never get it. Even though there's no way that guy's life will belong to me. Why am I this upset? We met more than ten years ago. But even on the day we first kissed, and the day we first slept together, somehow, he has never... told me he likes me, much less that he loves me. I've never said it either. And yet, I've only told him to stay by my side. I thought that was enough. I hate this. Why am I fixated on that man? I don't want to realise that now. That I want him to love me. I want him to love me. I want him to love me so much I could die.
Larry Page|My fellow Americans, you have to decide what kind of country you want to live in. If you want a you're on your own, winner take all society you should support the Republican ticket. If you want a country of shared opportunities and shared responsibilities - a 'we're all in it together' society, you should vote for Barack Obama and Joe Biden.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The only reason I'm writing this down is to show how human reason, even very sharp and exact human reason, can get crazily confused and thrown off the track.
Etienne de L'Amour|Even in the saddest moments of life, the happiness of simply being, the joy of just having existence must be remembered strongly!
William Zinsser|The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.― Mark Twain, The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain
Micheal jordan|Ego=1/Knowledge" More the knowledge lesser the ego, lesser the knowledge more the ego.
Leonard Woolf|There are two kinds of geniuses: the 'ordinary' and the 'magicians'. An ordinary genius is a fellow whom you and I would be just as good as, if we were only many times better. There is no mystery as to how his mind works. Once we understand what they've done, we feel certain that we, too, could have done it. It is different with the magicians. Even after we understand what they have done it is completely dark. Richard Feynman is a magician of the highest calibre. -- Mark Kac
Joseph Fink, The Great Glowing Coils of the Universe|Every cat knows how to keep his owner feeding them: You may scratch and bite ninety-nine times, but the hundredth time, you must leap into a lap and press your nose to their nose. Rules are for dogs.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The measure of space & time creates an echo of haunting distance between us, yet we are close, we are united in the love we forge together.
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story|The sea, the snotgreen sea, the scrotumtightening sea.
Elena Kagan|I'm confident - confident in my skin, and I'm cool with my flaws and all that stuff.
Mahatma Gandhi|Almost lost you," he thought, surprised to find himself blinking back tears. "Been through too much, me and you. We're going to finish this thing together.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing is a solitary venture. Making use of a soundless void in the vortex of time the author enters the realm of restoration, an undertaking where he or she explores that private psychic space of the self. In this mystical state of heightened awareness, the writer investigates the soul’s grievances, and diagnoses and treats their grim afflictions.
Paulo Coelho|I am not happy, and the quest for happiness as a principal objective is not part of my world. Of course, ever since I can remember, I have done what I felt like doing.
Stephen King, The Drawing of the Three|..it lay in the true function of the university to promote that interplay of view, that discussion and dispute, that cumulative narrowing down of possibilities that led to the formation of accurate opinion. The students could be, as it were (he said), the rubbing post for the thought of his teacher.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are those today that say we must do as others do, that we must conform to the world [to win it], that we must swim with the tide, that we must move with the crowd. But the believer should say, “No.
Paul Farmer|We've taken on the major health problems of the poorest - tuberculosis, maternal mortality, AIDS, malaria - in four countries. We've scored some victories in the sense that we've cured or treated thousands and changed the discourse about what is possible.
Steven Denn|To be or not to be, that is the choice
Al Capone|When I sell liquor, it's bootlegging. When my patrons serve it on a silver tray on Lakeshore Drive, it's hospitality.
Ross Wetzsteon, Republic of Dreams: Greenwich Village: The American Bohemia 1910-1960|It might be said of Miss [Djuna] Barnes,” [T.S. Eliot] wrote, “who is incontestably one of the most original writers of our time, that never has so much genius been combined with so little talent.
Mahatma Gandhi|Once the tugboat takes you out to the ocean liner, you got to get all the way on board. Can't straddle both decks.
Ben Aaronovitch, The Home Crowd Advantage|It's pronounced wee but spelled O-U-I. It's all you'll want to say when you're sitting at one of the thousands of little cafes that line the streets and you're looking at a menu full of foods you just want to eat for days. And then you wake up early, and the sun is rising in shades of pink over the white buildings as you make your way through the sleepy streets until you're upon the fresh markets!
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|A man walked across the moors from Razorback to Lancre town without seeing a single marshlight, head-less dog, strolling tree, ghostly coach or comet, and had to be taken in by a tavern and given a drink to unsteady his nerves.
Wesley Stace, Misfortune|Everything would turn out exactly the same, and I would return here for a second time, and then, if I was fool enough, a third time, waiting, as now, for my other to touch the canvas. And it would be progressively worse, because though I would know slightly more each time, I would still be powerless to change my fate. Perhaps I would be unaware of the previous decision, yet choose again to come back. Or worse, I would become aware that I was inadvertently repeating the same mistake for a horrific split second just after I made the decision. Infinity was terrifying. Its abyss makes my skin crawl.
Vishwas Chavan|If everyone sweeps their own doorstep, their own neighbourhoods, the world will be a clean, pure and healthy place for life to prosper.
Thich Nhat Hanh|It is astonishing what force, purity, and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods.
Kasabian|Orwell clung with a kind of wry, grim pride to the old ways of the last class that had ruled the old order. He must sometimes have wondered how it came about that he should be praising sportsmanship and gentlemanliness and dutifulness and physical courage. He seems to have thought, and very likely he was right, that they might come in handy as revolutionary virtues.
Leon Uris|Logic is one thing, the human animal another. You can quite easily propose a logical solution to something and at the same time hope in your heart of hearts it won't work out.
Winston S. Churchill, The Gathering Storm|Delight in smooth sounding platitudes, refusal to face unpleasant facts ... genuine love of peace and pathetic belief that love can be its sole foundation ... the utter devotion of the Liberals to sentiment apart from reality ...though free from wickedness or evil design, played a definite part in the unleashing upon the world of horrors and miseries [WWII]
Daniel R. Thorne|When we were young, not so long agoFame was my favorite television show,Lydia brought out the dancer in you and me,There was Coco, Holly and Shorofsky,Glued to my set to watch them dance and actLeroy was my favorite dancer on that setCleo really won my heart; she later rose to “Fame”I will never forget Irene Cara’s song “Remember My Name
Holly Lisle|If you have dreams you want to pursue, the time to pursue them is now. There is no perfect time, and there is no better time. There is only the time you lose while you're making excuses.
Auliq Ice|It is useless to fight fire with fire. When you’re offended, it is instinctive to want to fight back in anger.
Rose Wynters, Delicate Devastation|If you constantly make it clear that you are unwilling to budge, don't get upset when no one is around who's willing to give you a push.
Tricia Levenseller, Daughter of the Pirate King|Everyone has something dark in their past. I suppose it's our job to overcome it. And if we can't overcome it, then all we can do is make the most of it.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|You want to know what I want? I'm sick of being a guinea pig. I'm sick, but I'm never f*cking sick enough for this family.
Socrates|Ari smiled. The sun was shining, the weather was great, he was eating ice cream, and all his dreams were about to come true.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The desert is harsh, but persevering flowers flourish.
|Even when in the midst of trials and tribulations, never take your mental sight off from the precious prize that lies ahead. You were born to win, and the seeds of greatness are in you.
Thomas Merton, Thomas Merton|The fact that our being necessarily demands to be expressed in action should not lead us to believe that as soon as we stop acting we cease to exist.We do not live merely to “do something” – no matter what. We do not live more fully merely by doing something more, seeing more, tasting more and experiencing more than we ever have before.Everything depends on the quality of our acts and experiences. A multitude of badly performed actions and experiences only half-lived exhausts and depletes our being.By doing things badly we make ourselves less real. This growing unreality cannot help but make us unhappy and fill us with a sense of guilt.There are times then when in order to keep ourselves in existence at all, we simply have to sit back awhile and do nothing. And for a man who has let himself be drawn completely out of himself by his activity, nothing is more difficult than to sit still and rest, doing nothing at all.We must first recover the possession of our own being before we can act or taste or experience reality.
J.R. Rim|Hope, what if initially they had named you Faith and me Hope, but afterwards they forgot who of us had which name and swapped them around by mistake? You always believe that everything is going to be all right, and your faith helps me.”“And you hope that it will be that way. We have this close bond between us,” and, after thinking a while, you added, “All people need hope, no one can live without it; and our hope is way stronger when it is warmed up by faith. So it isn’t really important who is Faith and who is Hope; the main thing is that we are connected together.
Bill Nye|History is but the record of the public and official acts of human beings. It is our object, therefore, to humanize our history and deal with people past and present; people who ate and possibly drank; people who were born, flourished and died; not grave tragedians, posing perpetually for their photographs.
George Eliot|I think I should have no other mortal wants, if I could always have plenty of music. It seems to infuse strength into my limbs and ideas into my brain. Life seems to go on without effort, when I am filled with music.
Jayde Scott, A Job From Hell|There is no way I’m going out in public like this!”It seemed while I was being tormented at the salon, Bones had been out shopping. I didn’t ask where he got the money from, images of old folks with their necks bleeding and their wallets missing dancing in my head. There were boots, earrings, push-up bras, skirts, and something he swore to me were dresses but only looked like pieces of dresses.
Joe Rogan|Maybe I’m a human, but I’m a me-and-Ma as well.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|When did you get that?""The shirt? At Macy's. Winter sale.
Sara Paretsky, Bleeding Kansas|...You don't always get what you expect. I wish someone, sometime when I was growing up, would have told me what expectations would get me. ... Our parents, schools, everyone tells us things will be a certain way when we're adults and if they're not that way, we should make them be; or at least pretend. But after a certain point that just doesn't work.
Gretchen de la O, Almost Eighteen|We all have skeletons in our closets. Some of us are just better at hiding them behind the hangers filled with clothes." "Yeah, right, you don't seem like the type of guy who has a pile of femur bones stuffed behind your collared shirts and navy blue blazers." Nick and Wilson
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|If a woman sleeps alone it puts a shame on all men. God has a very big heart, but there is one sin He will not forgive. If a woman calls a man to her bed and he will not go.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Don't talk to my sister that way." Nico said. His voice quivered, but I was impressed that he had the guts to say anything at all. — Percy
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|You're not a priority if you're an option, you are a percentage. A percentage of that other person's time and effort. The size of the pie never changes, the slices do.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I'll love you forever, even when I can't.
Vincent van Gogh|Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
Glenn Beck|Have you ever found yourself saying, "There ought to be a law against this," or, "Somebody should do something"? Well, here’s the good news - you can be the one to do something. You can be the one to make the law.
Belinda Jones|We seldom question the purpose of life when our world is sunny and bright. This question tends to hide itself during pleasant sailing, only rearing its face during the deepest and darkest travails, when the gales of storm weather have fallen.
Ken MacLeod, The Cassini Division|Freeways flickering; cell phones chiming a tuneWe're riding to Utopia; road map says we'll be arriving soonCaptains of the old order clinging to the reinsAssuring us these aches inside are only growing painsBut it's a long road out of Eden(...)Behold the bitten apple, the power of the toolsBut all the knowledge in the world is of no use to foolsAnd it's a long road out of Eden
David Levithan, Every Day|Now that the day is almost done, the world of glass recedes, the butterfly threat diminishes. I imagine that we're both here in this bed, that my invisible body is nestled against hers. We are breathing at the same pace, our chests rising and falling in unison. We have no need to whisper, because at this distance, all we need is thought. Our eyes close at the same time. We feel the same sheets against us, the same night. Our breath slows together. We split into different versions of the same dreams. Sleep takes us at the exact same time.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|We are not going to change the whole world, but we can change ourselves and feel free as birds. We can be serene even in the midst of calamities and, by our serenity, make others more tranquil. Serenity is contagious. If we smile at someone, he or she will smile back. And a smile costs nothing. We should plague everyone with joy. If we are to die in a minute, why not die happily, laughing? (136-137)
Arthur Rimbaud, Season in Hell  Other Poems|À l'aurore, armés d'une ardente patience, nous entrerons aux splendides Villes. 
Cory Doctorow, Homeland|The women in porn plead to be abused. They call themselves whores and sluts. They are beaten and penetrated by groups of men. Their faces are covered with semen from dozens of masturbating men, their anuses are penetrated repeatedly by lines of partners, and they are raped. The women portrayed in the films exist to fulfill the desire of men in the most degrading and painful way possible. Nearly all porn dialogue includes lines from women such as I am a cunt, I am a bitch. I am a whore. I am a slut.
Glen Duncan, By Blood We Live|Thoughtout life, we all live our lives assuming two roles, the role of a slave and the role of a master. It only depend on an individual which role he assumes first
Paul David Tripp, A Quest For More: Living For Something Bigger than You|God’s grace invites you to be part of something that is far greater than your boldest and most expansive dream. His grace cuts a hole in your self-built prison and invites you to step into something so huge, so significant that only one word in the Bible can adequately capture it. That word is glory.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Go on with what your heart tells you, or you'll lose it all
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|And although I have seen nothing but black crows in my life, it doesn't mean that there's no such thing as a white crow. Both for a philosopher and for a scientist it can be important not to reject the possibility of finding a white crow. You might almost say that hunting for 'the white crow' is science's principal task.
Rand Paul|Anyone who thinks you can pay $3,100 to the federal government and thinks you can get that money back completely in services - like I said - he may go to M-I-T but he is an N-U-T.
Dada Bhagwan|In reality, the outer instruments (hands, feet, eyes, etc) are not the hindrance (for liberation); it is the inner instrument (mind, intellect, chit and ego) that is obstructive.
Millen Livis|Don’t try to please others at the expense of your values and your integrity. At the end of the day, you want to like yourself when you look in a mirror.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|If terrorism is to be defeated, the world of Islam must take on board the secularist-humanist principles on which the modern is based, and without which Muslim countries' freedom will remain a distant dream.
J.G. Ballard, Empire of the Sun|Use high-quality carnival food machines or Equipment to make delicious food for your event or party, We offer you fairy floss, popcorn and chocolate machines for hire in your budget.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Life cannot be without food; when we destroy the lands that give food, we destroy the foods that give life!
T.S. Eliot, The Family Reunion|Was that what she meant? Why she cried? Because he was an animal afraid to leave its cage, no words to say what he thought, no thoughts but muddled mad stupid thoughts?
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Don’t deny your emotions andforce yourself to smile when youfeel like crying. Cry, but learn tosmile through your tears.
Anasazi Foundation|Mother Earth has never been more crowded, yet her inhabitants have never been more lonely.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Rise to become human again, my friend. Become the human, that talks humans, acts humans and lives human.
Amanda McGee|God bless your soul, you're a horrible liar." Logan smiled as he leaned back on the door. "Answer me this Rachel?" he said placing his hands on his waist. "Why do you keep staring at me?
Charles Baudelaire|To improve the golden moment of opportunity, and catch the good that is within our reach, is the great art of life.
Joyce Meyer|There is a latent anger in a lot of people that went to boarding school at an early age. I was eight. And I loved it over the five years, but I think the adjustments for eight-year-olds are a lot. And I think it informs who you are for a long, long time.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|It is good to be alone, for solitude is difficult; that something is difficult should be one more reason to do it.
Aiden Shaw, Sordid Truths: Selling My Innocence for a Taste of Stardom|...no matter how frequently we came, when we arrived, they acted as if we had been away one hundred years. [His grandparents' greeting.]
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Do not swear by the moon, for she changes constantly. then your love would also change.
Roma Khetarpal, The "Perfect" Parent: 5 Tools for Using Your Inner Perfection to Connect with Your Kids|One cannot always know what children are thinking. Children are hard to understand, especially when careful training has a custom them to obedience and experience has made them cautious in conversation with their teachers.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|Her fingertips reached to trace the damage, but he grasped her hand with his own. He leaned down, far enough that the dark ends of his hair brushed feather-light against her face, caught in her lashes.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Let me simply state that it is wrong to regard any other human being, a priori, as an object, or an 'It.' This is so because each and every human being - you, every friend, every stranger, every foreigner - is precious.
- Nirav Sanchaniya|It's the time of our lives; let's make mistakes, not care. Let's make memories.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|Amelia envisaged that between York and the royal-infested Scottish Highlands there was a grimy wasteland of derelict cranes and abandoned mills and betrayed, yet still staunch, people. Oh and moorland, of course, vast tracts of brooding landscape under lowering skies, and across this heath strode brooding, lowering men intent on reaching their ancestral houses, where they were going to fling open doors and castigate orphaned yet resolute governesses. Or — preferably — the brooding, lowering men were on horseback, black horses with huge muscled haunches, glistening with sweat —
Alan Watts|Though lovers be lost, love shall not.
Alan Bradley, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie|They were frisky, eager and exuberant, and they had all been friends in the States. They were plainly unthinkable. They were noisy, overconfident, empty-headed kids of twenty-one. They had gone to college and were engaged to pretty, clean girls whose pictures were already standing on the rough cement mantelpiece of Orr's fireplace. They had ridden in speedboats and played tennis. They had been horseback riding. One had once been to bed with an older woman. They knew the same poeple in different parts of the country and had gone to school with each other's cousins.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|(It’s) a fair exchange. You’re giving me attention. That’s a form of affection, you know.
Carl Hiaasen|But he is not always alone. When the long winter nights come on and the wolves follow their meat into the lower valleys, he may be seen running at the head of the pack through the pale moonlight or glimmering borealis, leaping gigantic above his fellows, his great throat a-bellow as he sings a song of the younger world, which is the song of the pack.
Christie Hefner|Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|You have one family, Charley. For good or bad. You have one family. You can’t trade them in. You can’t lie to them. You can’t run two at once, substituting back and forth.“Sticking with your family is what makes it a family.
Fakeer Ishavardas|In utter humility, bow to What Is. And in time, crying one's guts out, howling, bowing to IT, "knowing" comes. As a gift of the Divine.
Bob Marley, Guitar Chord Songbook - Bob Marley|If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|There in the sweet sacking smell of the mail bags he understood that he was dying, and it pleased him that he was going in the company of so many soft words home.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I feel incendiary, a wildfire. My spirit licks at the gates of a very elaborate, customized, and distracting emotional Hades.
Hubert Martin|Every decision, every single one, comes with a price to pay. It means you chose one thing over another, always. Whether you chose right or wrong, that cost remains constant. It's a permanent life tax. That's where taxes come from.
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|three tiers to the heart: physical, ethereal, Eternalwith each one being more spiritual and subtlethe physical heart a little brain with over 40,000 neuronsit sends and receives by electromagnetic field operationsit's got its own nervous system that senses and remembersmaking decisions and giving directions to other centersemitting enfolded energetic organizational patternsinformation, that is—communicative interactionsdetected outside the body by magnetometers and other peoplefor heart coherence listen to Pärt's “Spiegel im Spiegel”valid are chakras and acupuncture meridiansmeditate on the heart chakra to see what this meansenergy meridians are strings of polarized crystalline waterbioelectric signals transmitted in connective tissue matterinformation is sent along these lengths of collagen proteinsmolecules of structured water allowing the transfer of protonscrystal water wires inside protein pathwayswith acupuncture points being junctures in the mazethe protons, then, are what have been referred to as “chi”a current flowing, much like electrical circuitry
Deyth Banger|If you think that's gross... check out what I found on FACT Verse called "11 Disgusting Foods That People Actually Eat"... WOw!
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|Choosing one thing usually doesn't mean killing all of the other options forever. Oftentimes, you can always go back and change your mind if you want. If not, and you realize the decision did not pan out the way you had hoped, you now have a lesson for future decisions.
Thomas Carlyle|The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|We all know you're beautiful, Scott.
Joyce Carol Oates, Carthage|Derailed. In exile. Deeply ashamed, despised. Yet she had so little pride, she was grateful most days simply to be alive.There is Minimalist art; there are minimalist lives.
Seamus Heaney|For me, I used to be shy towards journalism because it wasn't poetry. And then I realized that the events that I covered in essays that became journalism were actually great because they inspired me, and they became my muse.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Judge Woodward envisioned the new Detroit as an urban Arcadia of interlocking hexagons. Each wheel was to be separate yet united. This dream never quite came to be. Planning is for the world's great cities, for Paris, London, and Rome, for cities dedicated, at some level, to culture. Detroit, on the other hand, was an American city and therefore dedicated to money, and so design had given way to expediency.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|An accountability mind has learned to be agile, wise, courageous, resilient, and high-mature.
David Levithan, Every Day|All his life he would cherish the memory of an endless caravan of camels alongside the railway line, the laden beasts plodding patiently through the snow, ignoring the twentieth century as it hurtled past them in a clash of iron and a shriek of steam.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a flower can flourish in the desert, you can flourish anywhere.
Pim Fortuyn|Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.
C. JoyBell C.|My religion consists of laughing at myself. My motto is this: As long as there is a me, there is a reason to laugh out loud!
Mike Klepper|Religious faith is by nature the most fundamental set of beliefs that one can have. It is how a believer views the world, and is how the believer judges himself as well as the other people, things, and events in that world. It colors everything about them. It is for this reason that people who adopt a faith out of convenience appear so phony, and why it is simply not possible for an individual to have a "religion d'jour.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Lunatic Cafe|Acardi! We should have killed him on the spot and you wouldn't let me! You didn't even listen.""Fine," I said, glaring at him. "Next time you want to commit murder, give me a call. You dagger them, I'll chop them into little tiny pieces and toss them into the East River."For the first time, I noticed the shadows beneath his eyes, the gauntness on his face. He lowered his voice, rubbing his temples as if he had a migraine. "This isn't the time for sarcasm, Liana.""No, apparently it's murder time.
Trevor Noah|I've always had this interest in sibling relationships because I don't have any siblings. I'm completely a product of the one-child policy in China, so I always kind of wished that I had an older brother or a younger brother or sister just to have that bond, so I find myself constantly writing about that relationship.
Caitlyn Jenner|If we had paid no more attention to our plants than we have to our children, we would now be living in a jungle of weed.
Martin Filler|I was lucky enough to create my own dress, deciding on every single design detail. But, even if you don't have a custom dress, you can still create a signature wedding-day look with personalization - a belt, altering the sleeves, etc. But, when creating your bridal style, the most important thing to remember is to make it feel like you.
Yogesh Datta D., The Garden of Orchids|In life also, everything seems to be going great, we take the people who love us, for granted, just like the overlooked trees providing pleasant shade to us during the journey. And then the destiny strikes. Everything falls apart. We want nothing but the sight of those same people whom we had ignored. No one is around then as we leave them far behind during our pursuit of success.
Henning Hansmann, Education for Special Needs: Principles and Practice in Camphill Schools|Agriculture must mediate between nature and the human community, with ties and obligations in both directions. To farm well requires an elaborate courtesy toward all creatures, animate and inanimate. It is sympathy that most appropriately enlarges the context of human work. Contexts become wrong by being too small - too small, that is, to contain the scientist or the farmer or the farm family or the local ecosystem or the local community - and this is crucial.
David Foster Wallace|Huh. Well you and I just disagree. Maybe the world just feels differently to us. This is all going back to something that isn't really clear: that avant-garde stuff is hard to read. I'm not defending it, I'm saying that stuff - this is gonna get very abstract - but there's a certain set of magical stuff that fiction can do for us. There's maybe thirteen things, of which who even knows which ones we can talk about. But one of them has to do with the sense of, the sense of capturing, capturing what the world feels like to us, in the sort of way that I think that a reader can tell "Another sensibility like mine exists." Something else feels this way to someone else. So that the reader feels less lonely.
Peter S. Beagle, The Innkeeper's Song|I’m not… What’s wrong with them believing?” Bea asked, a note of pleading creeping, uninvited, into her voice.“You do not sell belief, you sell belief-in. Belief in true love, as if everyone were entitled to it. Belief in a simple solution to a complex problem. Belief in one type of person, one type of future.”“No I don’t. I offer people dreams, and hope, and, and, something to organise their lives with,” Bea said, not sure why she was trying to convince him. “I don’t make them into ‘one person’.” “Oh no? Let me recall your doctrine: Kings, Princes and their ilk must marry girls whose only asset is their beauty. Not clever girls, not worthy girls, not girls who could rule. Powerful women, older women – like one day you will become – are nought but wicked creatures, consumed with jealousy and unfit to hold position. No,” he said as Bea began to speak, “I am not finished. Let us turn our attention to the men. As long as the woman is something to be won, it follows only the worthy will prevail. It matters not if they truly love the girl, nor if the man is cruel or arrogant or unfit to tie his own doublet. As long as he has wealth and completes whatever trials are decided fit, he is suitable. For what is stupidity or arrogance when compared against a crown? The good will win, and the wicked perish, and you and your stories decide what makes a person good or wicked. Not life. Not choice. Not even common sense. You.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Release children as part of your delegated leadership influence - this will enable you to leave a legacy worth noting. Realise the risk in delegation and bestowing this trust - if you sacrifice a rib, you expose your heart to possible pain, hurt or pride, fulfilment and joy. When these come – it’s not the end of the world, be brave enough to face the challenge with a positive attitude.
Jane Austen|Nico was devastatingly alone. He’d lost his big sister Bianca. He’d pushed away all other demigods who’d tried to get close to him. His experiences at Camp Half-Blood, in the Labyrinth and in Tartarus had left him scarred, afraid to trust anyone.
Danielle Steel, Second Chance|Remember me? I'm back to my old self again. No responsibilities, no attachments, no encumbrances. I don't want to own anything, love anyone, or get too attached to people, places or things. It's a rule that seems to work well for me.
Walter Benjamin|The tradition of the oppressed teaches us that the “emergency situation” in which we live is the rule. We must arrive at a concept of history which corresponds to this. Then it will become clear that the task before us is the introduction of a real state of emergency; and our position in the struggle against Fascism will thereby improve. Not the least reason that the latter has a chance is that its opponents, in the name of progress, greet it as a historical norm. – The astonishment that the things we are experiencing in the 20th century are “still” possible is by no means philosophical. It is not the beginning of knowledge, unless it would be the knowledge that the conception of history on which it rests is untenable.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|I don't believe in luck or in hard work without the so called "work smart". It's not all about how you work hard but it's about how you manage your time, resources, mind to work together for a better output.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|...In this place you could not feel anything, except pain and foreknowledge of pain.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Krishnamurti to Himself: His Last Journal|If a man harbors any sort of fear, it percolates through all his thinking, damages his personality, makes him landlord to a ghost.
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|Morning birdsong filled the room. For all his high opinion of birds, privileged among God's creatures, still, deep in his heart, the Emperor did not trust them, just as he did not trust artists.
William Shakespeare|Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow,Creeps in this petty face from day to day.
Pushkar Saraf|Curley's wife lay with a half-covering of yellow hay. And the meanness and the plannings and the discontent and the ache for attention were all gone from her face. She was pretty and simple, and her face was sweet and young. Now her rouged cheeks and reddened lips made her seem alive and sleeping very lightly. The curls, tiny little sausages, were spread on the hay behind her head and her lips were parted
Colonel John S. Roosman|It takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them  more strength to relate to people than to dominate them  more "manhood" to abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex. Toughness is in the soul and spirit  not in muscles and an immature mind.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|Kissing her wasn't just a kiss. It was a full-body, mid-altering experience.
Oliver Wendell Holmes|To reach a port we must sail, sometimes with the wind, and sometimes against it. But we must not drift or lie at anchor.
Cole Ryan, Dear Guys: A New Way To Date|We were sitting outside at our favorite Italian restaurant, Callini’s, one Friday lunch when Sam revealed to me what his ideal female looked like. A few women walked by and Sam used words like “big legs” and “too big up top” to describe women that barely weighed over 100 pounds. The following bomb then pried its way out of his mouth, “I’m still in love with Winny Cooper.”I replied with shock in my voice, “Winny Cooper from The Wonder Years?”Sam glowed, “Yeah, Winny is my ideal woman.”“You do realize that she was a little girl in that show,” I said trying to awaken Sam’s better judgment.He started laughing, “Winnie was a babe. I had a huge crush on her.”I needed clarification: “You do realize that you were in your 20s when that show was on. So, that would mean that you had a crush on a 12 year-old.
J.B.S. Haldane, Possible Worlds|I have no doubt that in reality the future will be vastly more surprising than anything I can imagine. Now my own suspicion is that the Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.
Rose Leslie|I am going to take something I learned over in Israel. Their Independence Day is preceded the 24 hours before with Memorial Day, so it gives them a chance to serve and reflect and then celebrate. I am going to try to start that tradition here in America.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|There are no clean victories for black people, nor, perhaps, for any people. The presidency of Barack Obama is no different. One can now say that an African American individual can rise to the same level as a white individual, and yet also say that the number of black individuals who actually qualify for that status will be small. One thinks of Serena Williams, whose dominance and stunning achievements can’t, in and of themselves, ensure equal access to tennis facilities for young black girls. The gate is open and yet so very far away.
George Cardinal Pell, God and Caesar: Selected Essays on Religion, Politics, and Society|I would rather belong to a poor nation that was free than to a rich nation that had ceased to be in love with liberty. But we shall not be poor if we love liberty, because the nation that loves liberty truly sets every man free to do his best and be his best.
C. JoyBell C.|I can't say when you'll get love or how you'll find it or even promise you that you will. I can only say you are worthy of it and that it's never too much to ask for it and that it's not crazy to fear you'll never have it again, even though your fears are probably wrong. Love is our essential nutrient. Without it, life has little meaning. It's the best thing we have to give and the most valuable thing we receive. It's worthy of all the hullabaloo.
Susan  Fletcher, The Silver Dark Sea|Grief is such a lonely thing. There is no-one in it with you - others may grieve for the same soul, but they do not grieve exactly for what you also grieve. No-one has lost precisely what you have lost. Not exactly, never exactly. We are in it alone.
Jeff VanderMeer, City of Saints and Madmen|The only way to succeed in life is to never give up. Oftentimes, it requires standing alone.
Sara Frost|I am a storyteller, spiraling fantasy and reality into mystical tales. That eerie space between fact and fiction, where only the brightest light can scare the shadows—you will find me there.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Onward boldly, pursue your passion.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|Have you noticed how the cleverest people at school are not those who make it in life?People who are conventionally clever get jobs on their qualifications (the past), not on their desire to succeed (the future).Very simply, they get overtaken by those who continually strive to be better than they are.
Ernest Hemingway, Death in the Afternoon|It was not a monster that lay sleeping on the white sheets. Nor a faceless horror. Nor even the white bear. It was a man.His hair was golden, glowing bright as a bonfire in the light of the candle. And his features were fair, I suppose, but he was a stranger and that somehow was the greatest shock of all- that I had been lying all these months beside a complete stranger.
Buzz Aldrin|Theater is a space where you cross over from everyday life, because there are real people in that moment moving in front of you - you're being invited to believe in a story and cross that bridge.
Shannon L. Alder|If you are reading this then you have wasted another day of your life day dreaming, rather than planning the life God intended you to live.
Cassandra Wilson Run the Voodoo Down|Here, in this quiet place we own, worlds are born.
Morrissey|And make no mistake, my friend, your pointless life will end; but before you go, can you look at the truth?
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|If a kiss could be seen I think it would look like a violet,' said Priscilla.Anne glowed.'I'm so glad you spoke that thought, Priscilla, instead of just thinking it and keeping it to yourself. This world would be a much more interesting place…although it is very interesting, anyhow…if people spoke out their real thoughts.
Dianne Bright, Gracie and the Magical Pencil Box Hat|I mean real magic of course-- because in a few pages, you'll discover that this is a magical pencil box hat, which is pretty lucky really, because you don't find too many of those nowadays.
Lajos Kossuth|I always felt like my future was at stake every time I stepped on stage and that was kind of hair-raising. At some point I just went, don't be frightened, you can't do anything wrong, it's your show.
W.B. Yeats, The Wild Swans at Coole|You're growing up. And rain sort of remains on the branches of a tree that will someday rule the Earth. And it's good that there is rain. It clears the month of your sorry rainbow expressions, and it clears the streets of the silent armies... so we can dance.
J.R. Ortiz, FUEGO|I painted for the eyes, and wrote prose for the ears… Between those senses lay the mind and soul… I enjoyed connecting with people’s deepest thoughts, their hopes and dreams… My pen and brush were tools to achieve my artistic desired effects.
Jeanette Lynes, Where the Nights Are Twice as Long: Love Letters of Canadian Poets|The kiss is the greatest of gifts, a miracle, uniquely human. A kiss beneath the mistletoe. A kiss after midnight. A kiss before dying. The devil's kiss. As a picture tells a thousand words, so a kiss says everything that's important. I am told prostitutes never kiss their clients. It is too personal, too human. We kiss to say I love you. We kiss the rings of the self-important. The feet of conquerors. The rich dark earth when we reach the promised land. We kiss our hands and wave as loved ones begin a journey. We kiss strangers before dawn in the first hours of a New Year because our wintry lips are incomplete until they are oiled by a kiss.
Francis Bacon|Nature is often hidden, sometimes overcome, seldom extinguished.
Eleanor Prescott, Alice Brown's Lessons in the Curious Art of Dating|Men are like busses. I mean, you wait for ages and ages, and when one does finally come along you can't get on. And that bit about them coming in threes, well, that's just a myth.
Timothy Garton Ash|That attitude toward women as objects may have worked for the late Sixties, but it doesn't do so now.
Sara Arinto|e had the strangest feeling come over him, which he'd never before known. Like he was meeting his best friend, for the first time. It was recognition mixed with relief...but also some amount of joy. Like, 'Oh, there you are! It's so great to meet you finally! I've missed you!
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|As it Were tissue of silver I'll wear, O Fate, thy grey, And go mistily radiant, clad Like the moon.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|Faith is not Desire. Faith is Will. Desires are things that need to be satisfied, whereas Will is a force. Will changes the space around us,...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Catch people doing things right:Outstanding leaders know that people will be more engaged, perform at higher levels, and be more loyal when they are appreciated and celebrated. Jeff West, international speaker and author of The Unexpected Tour Guide, shares that “People will jump over high hurdles, fight fires and break through walls for leaders who find them doing things right. Building that kind of chemistry is essential if a team is going to jell.” Capitalize on the opportunity to notice what people are doing right at work and at home and they will deliver their best. As the old saying goes, “A person who feels appreciated will always do more than expected.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Hostess with the Mostest“Think of a time when you have had a party in your home or had friends over for dinner. Didn’t you want to make sure they were nurtured, cared for, and well-taken care of? Didn’t you want your guests to interact with each other and enjoy the experience so they would remember it fondly?
Shannon L. Alder|The day you find out who you are is when you look back and realize that it was never the words, rather your actions that defined you.
RVM|Life is your biggest Treasure. Enjoy it. If you forget to, it will soon be gone, never to return.
Debasish Mridha|As God loves me, when I consider this, then every modern society seems to me to be nothing but a conspiracy of the rick, who while protesting their interest in the common good pursue their own interests and stop at no trick and deception to secure their ill-gotten possessions, to pay as little as possible for the labor that produces their wealth and so force its makers to accept the nearest thing to nothing. They contrive rules for securing and assuring these tidy profits for the rich in the name of the common good, including of course the poor, and call them laws!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When we rest, our energy is restored.
Wesley Stace|When the two become the oneAnd the inside outside, the outside inSo that the male be not male nor the female femaleThen will you see me.
Tsai Ing-wen|Unlike then, the mail stream of today has diminished by such things as e-mails and faxes and cell phones and text messages, largely electronic means of communication that replace mail.
Angela Carter, Nights at the Circus|Outside the window, there slides past that unimaginable and deserted vastness where night is coming on, the sun declining in ghastly blood-streaked splendour like a public execution across, it would seem, half a continent, where live only bears and shooting stars and the wolves who lap congealing ice from water that holds within it the entire sky. All white with snow as if under dustsheets, as if laid away eternally as soon as brought back from the shop, never to be used or touched. Horrors! And, as on a cyclorama, this unnatural spectacle rolls past at twenty-odd miles an hour in a tidy frame of lace curtains only a little the worse for soot and drapes of a heavy velvet of dark, dusty blue.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Three hundred and thirty-two kids between the age of one month and fourteen years had been confined within the FAYZ.One hundred and ninety-six eventually emerged.One hundred and thirty-six lay dead.Dead and buried in the town plaza.Dead and floating in the lake or on its shores.Dead in the desert.In the fields.Dead of battles old and recent. Of starvation and accident, suicide and murder.It was a fatality rate of just over 40 percent.
Jon Pardi|Tax dollars intended for science education must not be used to teach creationism as any sort of real explanation of nature, because any observation or process of inference about our origin and the nature of the universe disproves creationism in every respect.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|If it’s taking to long to get up the career ladder, get a career lift.
Mark M. Rich, The Hidden Evil: The Financial Elite's Covert War Against the Civilian Population|Nationalism and socialism as actually lived and applied in the 20th century are the same thing (and in the 18th and 19th century, nationalism was often a force for classical liberalism!). It’s all a kind of reactionary tribalism (another “ism” which becomes poisonous quickly as you up the dosage). When you nationalize an industry, you socialize it. When you socialize an industry you nationalize it. Yes, international socialism rejected this formulation. And that’s why international socialism failed! People wanted to be Germans or Russians or Italians and they wanted to be socialists. Even the Soviet Union embraced national-socialism (socialism in one country) because that 'workers of the world unite' crap wouldn't fly. After Stalin, no Communist or socialist regime failed to exploit nationalism to one extent or another.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|What I must do is all that concerns me, not what the people think.... It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|The Guide says there is an art to flying", said Ford, "or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Amy Neftzger, The Orphanage of Miracles|I believe there no surer path to leaping dramatically forward in your career than to earn a Ph.D. in the humanities. Because the thought leaders in our industry are not the ones who plodded dully, step by step, up the career ladder. The leaders are the ones who took chances and developed unique perspectives.
Ann Medlock|All right. They’re on our left. They’re on our right. They’re in front of us, they’re behind us. They can’t get away this time’.
Toni Sorenson|Want to be a good friend? Here’s what a friend does well: they listen, they stand by you, they tell you the brutal truth, they cause your tears from time to time, but then help you wipe them dry, they laugh with you…a lot, they don’t bring up your bad memories, they try to love the people you love, they go places with you at the most inconvenient times, they laugh some more, they create experiences and a string of memories held together by love, mostly that’s what they do…they love you even when you don’t love you.
M.F. Moonzajer|If you have taught your child how to walk when he is all alone, it means that you have taught him everything!
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|Though sometimes you need to explain yourself with bitter or better words, he who knows how to speak how matured he is with silence in his most tempting moment is truly a matured person.
Jennifer Silverwood, Silver Hollow|It would be nice to report she lived happily ever after till the end of her days. But such cheap, cop-out one-liners belong to other uncomplicated fairy tales.
Tracy McMillan|The fashion industry now has a direct relationship with its customers. Thanks to things like Twitter, ideas can be shared and circulated.
Kailash Kher|I see fighters make funny videos about me and stick them on Facebook and get 20 likes. When I make a video, I sell it to Fox and make seven figures. That's the difference.
John Stoker, Overcoming Fake Talk: How to Hold Real Conversations That Create Respect, Build Relationships, and Get Results|By identifying that which is disrupting our current moment of bliss, so too can we then take the logical and practical steps to amend the problem.
Bertrand Russell, Unpopular Essays|Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|A boy is a magical creature - you can lock him out of your workshop, but you can't lock him out of your heart.
J. Robert King, Planar Powers|Mastema prefers absolutes. He wants fences on the world and everything in its place, neat and tidy as a churchyard garden. God is not like that. God is boundless. For all his wisdom, Mastema cannot comprehend Yahweh’s need for surprises. An omniscient Being would naturally yearn for things beyond His control, futures He could not see, wills He could influence but not command. Strange, yes. It is odd when the puppeteer desires his wooden slaves to cut their strings, yet that is exactly what He did when he granted humans free will.
Wendell Berry|And yet, my girl, we weep in vain,In vain our fate in sighs deplore;Remembrance only can remain,But that, will make us weep the more.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|Or was it, as everyone told her, and as she must believe, all in her head? And so what if it was - wasn't everything in her head real too? What if there was no demonstrable reality? What if there was nothing beyond the mind?
Shawn Mendes|I've gotten books published. I've met famous people that are very nice. I look back and I say, 'Wow. Thank you, God, for giving me this gift. And thank you for helping me to keep going.'
Michel de Montaigne|You have to develop ways so that you can take up for yourself, and then you take up for someone else. And so sooner or later, you have enough courage to really stand up for the human race and say, 'I'm a representative.'
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Besides, I seemed to hold two lives—the life of thought, and that of reality; and, provided the former was nourished with a sufficiency of the strange necromantic joys of fancy, the privileges of the latter might remain limited to daily bread, hourly work, and a roof of shelter.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Adventure begins with a thought, decision and action.
Lawrence Millman, At the End of the World: A True Story of Murder in the Arctic|In the universe, there are things that are known, and things that are unknown, and in between them, there are doors.
Reiko Chiba, Hiroshige's Tokaido in Prints and Poetry|Oh, Starbuck! it is a mild, mild wind, and a mild looking sky. On such a day - very much such a sweetness as this - I struck my first whale - a boy-harpooneer of eighteen! Forty - forty - forty years ago! - ago! Forty years of continual whaling! forty years of privation, and peril, and storm-time! forty years on the pitiless sea! for forty years has Ahab forsaken the peaceful land, for forty years to make war on the horrors of the deep! Aye and yes, Starbuck, out of those forty years I have not spent three ashore. When I think of this life I have led; the desolation of solitude it has been; the masoned, walled-town of a Captain's exclusiveness, which admits but small entrance to any sympathy from the green country without - oh, weariness! heaviness! Guinea-coast slavery of solitary command! - when I think of all this; only half-suspected, not so keenly known to me before - and how for forty years I have fed upon dry salted fare - fit emblem of the dry nourishment of my soul - when the poorest landsman has had fresh fruit to his daily hand, and broken the world's fresh bread to my mouldy crusts - away, whole oceans away, from that young girl-wife I wedded past fifty, and sailed for Cape Horn the next day, leaving but one dent in my marriage pillow - wife? wife? - rather a widow with her husband alive! Aye, I widowed that poor girl when I married her, Starbuck; and then, the madness, the frenzy, the boiling blood and the smoking brow, with which, for a thousand lowerings old Ahab has furiously, foamingly chased his prey - more a demon than a man! - aye, aye! what a forty years' fool - fool - old fool, has old Ahab been! Why this strife of the chase? why weary, and palsy the arm at the oar, and the iron, and the lance? how the richer or better is Ahab now? Behold. Oh, Starbuck! is it not hard, that with this weary load I bear, one poor leg should have been snatched from under me? Here, brush this old hair aside; it blinds me, that I seem to weep. Locks so grey did never grow but from out some ashes! But do I look very old, so very, very old, Starbuck? I feel deadly faint, bowed, and humped, as though I were Adam, staggering beneath the piled centuries since Paradise. God! God! God! - crack my heart! - stave my brain! - mockery! mockery! bitter, biting mockery of grey hairs, have I lived enough joy to wear ye; and seem and feel thus intolerably old? Close! stand close to me, Starbuck; let me look into a human eye; it is better than to gaze into sea or sky; better than to gaze upon God. By the green land; by the bright hearth-stone! this is the magic glass, man; I see my wife and my child in thine eye. No, no; stay on board, on board! - lower not when I do; when branded Ahab gives chase to Moby Dick. That hazard shall not be thine. No, no! not with the far away home I see in that eye!
Sharon Salzberg|You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|In a gentle way, you can shake the world
Kate Karyus Quinn, (Don't You) Forget About Me|I just have to do the right thing, and recently I've realized that sometimes the right thing seems crazy to those who don't want change.
Tyga|I just wanted to be an actress. It never occurred to me that I could become famous, because I'm not one of those people who's automatically going to be the lead. I always saw myself as the mate.
Kamand Kojouri|Before you, nothing.Now you, and everything
Katie Coyle, Vivian Apple at the End of the World|No amount of expertly choreographed PR could prevail, in the end, against Armageddon. It strolled over the barricades and took its pleasure.
nick catricala|Sorry, but the truth is that Dr. Cal Lightman wasn't as crucial as he was supposed to be......But he is trying to be right?
Francis A. Schaeffer, How Should We Then Live? The Rise and Decline of Western Thought and Culture|Social conditioning, accompanied by moral and mental constraints, now serve to render the mediocre mind nearly incapable of unbiased assessment.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|Today I prayed for Boston, for America, my home away from home. Today, I realized how lucky we Sri Lankans are to have peace in our country. How I feel today, hearing of the bombs going off in the city brings back memories of how I used to feel four years ago in Sri Lanka when the LTTE was setting off bombs all around Colombo. That feeling I used to get when I hear about a bomb blast, the goosebumps, the school evacuation drills, the breaking news footage, and most of all, that fear we Sri Lankans used to feel, every second of everyday, it all came back to me today. Thank you God for bringing peace to my country, look after America the way you did Sri Lanka.
Sarah Brightman|To be happy at home is the ultimate result of all ambition, the end to which every enterprise and labor tends, and of which every desire prompts the prosecution.
Rajinder Singh Gill|How many people did you know that refracted your own light to you? People were more often – he searched for a simile, found one in his work – torches, blazing away until they whiffed out. How rarely did other people's faces take of you and throw back to you your own expression, your own innermost trembling thought?
Debasish Mridha|You and I read the same books and hear the same sermons and we come away with different messages. That has to be evidence of some serious problem, right?
Blaise Pascal|It is not enough to understand, or to see clearly. The future will be shaped in the arena of human activity, by those willing to commit their minds and their bodies to the task.
Mitchell Rhodes|If Beyoncé Knowles and Miley Cyrus represent the latest branch of feminism, then surely the male-dominated power elite must be aroused with concern.
Kenan Malik|To talk of humans as 'transcendent' is not to ascribe to them spiritual properties. It is, rather, to recognize that as subjects we have the ability to transform our selves, our natures, our world—an ability denied to any other physical being.
Channing Tatum|My movies just kind of sneak up on you. I don't have to worry too much about what everybody is going to say. Anyway, I really don't pay attention to what the world says about my movies. I just care about what my buddies think.
Meg Whitman|If you can't turn yourself into your customer, you probably shouldn't be in the ad writing business at all.
Kelley Armstrong, Belonging|Worry’s magnetic attraction can only be broken by a stronger attraction, and David is saying [in Psalm 27] we can only find that attraction in God Himself.
Humphry Davy|We should have a great fewer disputes in the world if words were taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things themselves.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Whatever we are waiting for - peace of mind, contentment, grace, the inner awareness of simple abundance - it will surely come to us, but only when we are ready to receive it with an open and grateful heart.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|If I could take a bite of the whole worldAnd feel it on my palateI’d be more happy for a minute or so...But I don’t always want to be happy.Sometimes you have to beUnhappy to be natural...Not every day is sunny.When there’s been no rain for a while, you pray for it to come.So I take unhappiness with happinessNaturally, like someone who doesn’t find it strangeThat there are mountains and plainsAnd that there are cliffs and grass...What you need is to be natural and calmIn happiness and in unhappiness,To feel like someone seeing,To think like someone walking,And when it’s time to die, remember the day dies,And the sunset is beautiful, and the endless night is beautiful...That’s how it is and that’s how it should be...
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|The Loneliness of the Military HistorianConfess: it's my professionthat alarms you.This is why few people ask me to dinner,though Lord knows I don't go out of my way to be scary.I wear dresses of sensible cutand unalarming shades of beige,I smell of lavender and go to the hairdresser's:no prophetess mane of mine,complete with snakes, will frighten the youngsters.If I roll my eyes and mutter,if I clutch at my heart and scream in horrorlike a third-rate actress chewing up a mad scene,I do it in private and nobody seesbut the bathroom mirror.In general I might agree with you:women should not contemplate war,should not weigh tactics impart
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a woman misses you, you have her mind; when she cares for you, you have her heart, when she loves you, you have her soul.
Holly Black, White Cat|I'm not good at having friends. I mean, I can make myself useful to people. I can fit in. I get invited to parties and I can sit at any table I want in the cafeteria.But actually trusting someone when they have nothing to gain from me just doesn't make sense.All friendships are negotiations of power.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Empty Spaces I wanted to feel less.To not be burdened by emotion,To not feel sadness,To not know loss.I envied the inanimate,The trees that stand proudly in winter,Not missing their leaves.I wanted to be weightless,To not experience limitation.I didn’t want time to pass,The blur of days, months, years.It moved too quickly,I wanted to grasp on,Hold it.It eluded me,Intangible,Like light.I wanted to preserve life before you were gone.I didn’t want to know grief.But the pain kept me connected.It meant that I loved you,It meant that I would always be a little broken,It meant that our love filled all of the empty spaces.It meant that you would be with me... forever.
Elizabeth Prioleau, Seductress - Women Who Ravished the World and Their Lost Art of Love|With the spread of conformity and image-driven superficiality, the allure of an individuated woman in full possession of herself and her powers will prove irresistible. We were born for plenitude and inner fulfillment.
Anthony Liccione|She sheltered her colors in the dark, where others were blind to see; I caught a glimpse of her lastly when she gave me a chance, before disappearing into the day. There was beauty locked in her that unfolded like an umbrella's claw, her true self that desired compassion, trust, protection and the potential to soar. But I missed to late, that what I wasn't looking for, when she left her reasons in the rain.
Michelle Tea, Black Wave|Did anyone think this canon of druggie men were out of control? Only in the most admirable of ways! Out of control like a shaman or a space explorer, like a magician sawing himself in half. Out of control like a poet.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|And so their memories took on potential, which is of course how our greatest nostalgias are born.
Stephen Richards|You must match your energy, your vibration, with that of the universe, bringing it to a higher frequency where it synchronizes with the object, person, or situation you require.
Hermann Rauschning, The Voice of Destruction|My dear, I'm seldom sure of anything. Life at best is a precarious business...
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|When there is no connection at all between people, then anger is a way of bringing them closer together, of making contact. But when there is a great deal of connectedness that is problematic or threatening or unacknowledged, then anger is a way of keeping people separate, of putting distance between us.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Change the size of your dreams if that’s what’s keep you static. Go for bigger dreams, but start in a small way. See the bigger picture and live by the desire to become excellent!
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as you've already figured out, demands initiative.
Sam Harris|The only thing that guarantees an open-ended collaboration among human beings, the only thing that guarantees that this project is truly open-ended, is a willingness to have our beliefs and behaviors modified by the power of conversation.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|To position yourself as an expert, share your knowledge with others. Deliver presentations and teach others on your topic. Look what TED Talks have done for normal people who simply presented their passion and thereby launched careers, fame, and fortune. Interact with your target market. Maximize use of the Internet and SEO.
Tom Parker Bowles|It's wonderful to be grateful. To have that gratitude well out from deep within you and pour out in waves. Once you truly experience this, you will never want to give it up.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|Certainly my work is negative, destructive; but … only in relation to the unhuman, not to the human[.]
Elizabeth Eulberg, The Lonely Hearts Club|And Nate? You kiss like a slobbering dog, you have bad breath, and you wouldn't know how to punch the right buttons on a girl if we came with manuals. Happy Thanksgiving, Jackass.
Anthony T. Hincks|I tried your best and it didn't work, so now I'm going to try my best and I'm sure that I'll succeed!
Theresa Sjoquist, Yvonne Rust: Maverick Spirit|Desolina and Tony had attended one-room schoolhouses until the third grade. ... According to Tony, there were hardly enough pencils and sober teachers to go around. [Author's grandparents educational background.]
Jo Nesbø|His legs may have been firmly rooted to the study floor, but his heart had just leaped the stile and was running down the lane.
Ilona Andrews, Clean Sweep|You will show that thing to me and from now on, I will deal with them."I opened my eyes really wide and fluttered my eyelashes at him. "I'm sorry, I must've missed your coronation ceremony. Silly me.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Going back after a long time will make you mad, because the people you left behind do not like to think of you changed, will treat you as they always did, accuse you of being indifferent, when you are only different.
Franz Kafka|I do not speak as I think, I do not think as I should, and so it all goes on in helpless darkness.
Bob Marley, The Future Is the Beginning: The Words and Wisdom of Bob Marley|when the words not enough to describe how much you love....even you know she/he don't anything for you......you cant fall a sleep exactly like before's"-kuntal
Mike Honda|The workingmen have perceived that women are in the field of industry to stay; and they see, too, that there can not be two standards of work and wages for any trade without constant menace to the higher standard.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Have you noticed how children never bypass a puddle of water, but jump, splash, and slosh right through it?  That's because they know an important truth: Life was meant to be lived; puddles were meant to be experienced.
Kinley MacGregor|Wisdom of the Ages "Car Commercials" One of the last times you're ever gonna see that overpriced s-box not stuck in a traffic jam.
Brian Chesky|I am definitely a Type A personality, always rushing around, trying to do too much, not good at just lying on the beach. But I'm so thankful for everything I have: wonderfully supportive parents and sisters, the best husband in the world, terrific students I love teaching and hanging out with, and above all, my two amazing daughters.
Debasish Mridha|The cause of depression and stress are negative thoughts,Be positive, never infect your mind with negative thoughts.
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|I sprung you because I've got a message for you""doesn't your family own a cell phone company?""only a little one
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|A man's work reveals him. In social intercourse he gives you the surface that he wishes the world to accept, but in his book or his picture the real man delivers himself defenceless. No affectation of peculiarity can conceal a commonplace mind. No one can produce the most casual work without disclosing the innermost secrets of his soul.
A.E. Via|Day climbed in first and asked. “Where’s the rest of your big stuff?”God smiled. “Joker brought his guys and put everything in a SWAT van and stored it in his garage. I only had like five pieces.”“So he was the one you called to come to your rescue, huh?” Day asked and slammed the door to the truck.“Hey.” God turned Day’s chin to face him. “I swear on everything, I was miserable for those few hours and you know it.”Day pffted.“I tracked your ass down, didn’t I?” God stated.“Yeah, you did.” Day laughed when he thought about God scaring off his boy toy. He laughed so hard that God started laughing too.
Will Poulter|Where are the jobs going to come from? Small business, manufacturing and clean energy. Where's the money to finance them? The banks and the corporations in America today have lots of money that they can invest right now.
Jackson Galaxy, Cat Daddy: What the World's Most Incorrigible Cat Taught Me About Life, Love, and Coming Clean|Never believe a rumor of my death,' said Peter. 'I have as many lives as a cat. Also as many teeth, as many claws, and the same cheery, cooperative disposition.
Nivu|when you know more than you know, there's more to know
Addison Lane, Drowning Fergus|Like the line of love, I thought. Once crossed you can't go back. Like the line between past and future. Or maybe really the line between past and now. The now my father spoke of. When I raced ... I would cross the line and there was no more thinking about what was going to be because it was. It happened that fast.
J.R. Ward, Crave|Luce blushed. "Then what kind of angel are you?""I'm sort of in between gigs right now," Daniel said.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I wanted to protect her, and, if I couldn’t do that, I’d at least be there for her. (Eric)
Bill Hicks|That night's show was watched by ten million people, so I guess that director at The Second City who said the audience "didn't want to see a sketch with two women" can go shit in his hat.
Alberto Caeiro, O Pastor Amoroso|It is part of the pholosophic dullness of our time that there are millions of rational monsters walking about on their hind legs, observing the world through pairs of flexible little lenses, periodically supplying themselves with energy by pushing organic substances through holes in their faces, who see nothing fabulous whatever about themselves.
Ikechukwu Joseph|God doesn’t help anyone, humans do.
F. Sionil Jose|True, some land was bought by a few Cabinet Ministers. They bought the land. No minister, to my knowledge acquired land which was meant for resettlement.
Chetan Bhagat, Revolution 2020: Love, Corruption, Ambition|Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|There is nothing right or wrong in love. Where there is love, then there is nothing but only love.
Katherine Boo|The true history of the world must always be the history of the few; and as we measure the Himalaya by the height of Mount Everest, we must take the true measure of India from the poets of the Veda, the sages of the Upanishads, the founders of the Vedanta and Sankhya philosophies, and the authors of the oldest law-books, and not from the millions who are born and die in their villages, and who have never for one moment been roused out of their drowsy dream of life.
Shane Hipps, Selling Water by the River: A Book about the Life Jesus Promised and the Religion That Gets in the Way|Truth without love, isn't.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|Rich Indians typically tried to work around a dysfunctional government. Private security was hired, city water was filtered, private school tuitions were paid. Such choices had evolved over the years into a principle: The best government is the one that gets out of the way. The attacks on the Taj and the Oberoi, in which executives and socialites died, had served as a blunt correction. The wealthy now saw that their security could not be requisitioned privately. They were dependent on the same public safety system that ill served the poor.
George A. Romero|Art, like religion, arises from the spirit, but alas, the formalizing of spiritual life all too often ends in hypocrisy.
Diane Ackerman, The Zookeeper's Wife|Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|When we passed a Catholic church, I recalled, he said, "You think your dad's a good chemist? They're turning soda crackers into meat in there. Can your dad do that?
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|My books hold between their covers every story I've ever known and still remember, or have now forgotten, or may one day read; they fill the space around me with ancient and new voices.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|God himself culminates in the present moment, and will never be more divine in the lapse of all the ages. And we are enabled to apprehend at all what is sublime and noble only by the perpetual instilling and drenching of the reality which surrounds us. The universe constantly and obediently answers to our conceptions; whether we travel fast or slow, the track is laid for us.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to criticize, do it with deep understanding and love.
Brian Azzarello|True love is not giving power to the other person, but instead is empowering you to make that person happy.
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|When Sherri asks questions about who would find me if I killed myself and what their reaction would be, I think that whoever knew me would be sad. But then everybody would get over it. I would fade away. I don't think I'm that important to anyone. Nobody's opinion about me killing myself would stop me from doing it.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Every problem is like a red signal from traffic lights. if you wait for sometime it will turn green.What a valuable lesson I have learned." - Gavhi Theron.P
V. S. Naipaul|I don't like rats, but there's not much else I don't like. The problem with rats is they have no fear of human beings, they're loaded with foul diseases, they would run the place given half the chance, and I've had them leap out of a lavatory while I've been sitting on it.
Mike Quigley|Businessmen should not put their finger in politics, because they tend to think only of their own self-interest. But I worry about the low morale in Italian industry and the lack of government initiatives to help the poor.
Friedrich Schiller|In the information age, you don't teach philosophy as they did after feudalism. You perform it. If Aristotle were alive today he'd have a talk show.
Lauren Oliver, Hana|Has Orc shown up here?” But neither Caine nor Diana answered. Both were staring at Drake, who sauntered toward them, all his cockiness restored, no longer the ragged scarecrow who had wept when he saw the melted stump of his hand lying on the tile floor. “Drake,” Caine said. “We thought you were dead.”“I’m back,” Drake said. “And better than ever.”The red tentacle unwrapped itself from around his waist, like a python releasing its victim.“Like it, Diana?” Drake asked.The arm, that impossible bloodred snake, coiled above Drake’s head, swirled, writhed. And then, so fast that the human eye could barely register the movement, it snapped like a bullwhip.The sound was a loud crack. A mini–sonic boom.Diana cried out in pain. Stunned, she stared at the cut in her blouse and the trickle of red from her shoulder.“Sorry,” Drake said with no attempt at sincerity. “I’m still working on my aim.”“Drake,” Caine said and, despite the blood, despite Diana’s wound, he grinned. “Welcome back.”“I brought some help,” Drake said. He extended his left hand, and Caine shook it awkwardly with his right. “So. When do we go take down Sam Temple?
Maya Angelou|When you don’t know what true for you, everyone else has unusual influence.
Audre Lorde, The Uses of Anger: Women Responding to Racism|What woman here is so enamored of her own oppression that she cannot see her heelprint upon another woman's face? What woman's terms of oppression have become precious and necessary to her as a ticket into the fold of the righteous, away from the cold winds of self-scrutiny?
Soman Chainani, Quests for Glory|You know,' she begins, 'you fellas ought to be looking after each other.' Her comment makes me realise that through the lies, the greatest irony is that we are looking out for each other. It's just that in the end, we're letting her down. That's what injures us.
Lynn Gunn|The actual things behind the stories and behind the lyrics had a lot to do with…I hate saying depression, but there was a really rough patch in my head and really difficult time and I didn’t know why…A lot of the ghosts that appeared in the record is a metaphor for that depression at that time in my head and all the things going on in it. It’s mainly about that, and there’s little things here and there about certain people.
J.D. Robb, Memory in Death|Every morning I wake up, I feel guilty; every breath of borrowed time is heavy in my chest."-Lo-The Wild Hunt
Imogen Binnie, Nevada|That's the problem with being born in New York, the old newsman observed a little sadly. You've got no New York to run away to.
Masashi Kishimoto|But feelings can't be ignored, no matter how unjust or ungrateful they seem.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|Drugs will have a huge effect on my work for the rest of my life, whether I'm using or not.
Elizabeth McCracken, Here's Your Hat What's Your Hurry|Have I been conditioned to believe that if I am not solicitous, if I am not forthcoming, if I am not a never-ending cornicopia of entertaining delights, they will take their collections of milk-bottle tops and their mangy one-eared teddy bears and go away into the woods by themselves to play snipers? Probably. What my mother thinks was merely cute may have been lethal.
Jeaniene Frost|You can hear my dreams? God, you must never get any quiet. I'd be shooting myself in the head if I were you.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|You know what I was thinking about on my way home? How different my life would be if you’d made that gash a little deeper. Or how different yours would be if I’d vaulted myself off a roof nine years ago. Do you ever think about things like that? Like, if either you or I wouldn’t have made it, where would the other one be right now? It was something I thought about all the time: how death changes every remaining moment for those still living.
Peter Mallouk, The 5 Mistakes Every Investor Makes and How to Avoid Them: Getting Investing Right|...there should be no place in a portfolio for hedge funds. There are lots of reasons, but the main one is simple: Investing in hedge funds is a great way to increase the odds of underperformance.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Art of Talking to Yourself|When you love people, you are curious about who they are, what they think, and how they feel. You watch them closely, wondering about their experience and what you can do to make it more enjoyable. You feel compassion for their pain and seek to make it more bearable. You are eager to learn the unique language of their existence. You want to under-stand them, inspire them, heal them. What if you could look at yourself this way?
Ludwig van Beethoven|No human being can really understand another, and no one can arrange another's happiness.
Camille Paglia|If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?
Auliq Ice|A hundred words put together to formulate an excuse will never resolve a conflict, political justifications are silly lies.
Ashly Lorenzana|Geez, what do I need to do, use semaphore? I told you I was unclaimed.
Michael Lackey|The Light shines brightest, when the world is at its darkest.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee; as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness. And there is a Catskill eagle in some souls that can alike dive down into the blackest gorges, and soar out of them again and become invisible in the sunny spaces. And even if he for ever flies within the gorge, that gorge is in the mountains; so that even in his lowest swoop the mountain eagle is still higher than other birds upon the plain, even though they soar.
Francis Chan|More than any other attribute of Jesus, his humility is the key to a healthy marriage. If two people make it their goal to imitate the humility of Christ, everything else will take care of itself.
William Devane|If I was influenced by anything, it was architecture: structure having to do with logic. If you don't do it right, the whole thing is going to cave in. In a certain sense, you can carry that to graphic design. Fortunately, however, nobody is going to die if you do it wrong.
Jake Shears|I don't do very well with extremes of any kind - extreme diets, extreme fitness - so moderation makes a lot of sense, and Hershey's has really great portion-friendly desserts to help people incorporate treats into their lifestyles so they don't feel like they're depriving themselves and are still living a balanced life.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|What would Jesus do? One thing is obvious, if there is one thing Jesus would NOT do - is to behave like his followers.
Pythagoras|Souls never die, but always on quitting one abode pass to another. All things change, nothing perishes. The soul passes hither and thither, occupying now this body, now that . . . As a wax is stamped with certain figures, then melted, then stamped anew with others, yet it is always the same wax. So, the Soul being always the same, yet wears at different times different forms.
Aleister Crowley, The Equinox, Volume III, Number I|When you have proved that God is merely a name for the sex instinct, it appears to me not far to the perception that the sex instinct is God.”-Review of Ida Craddock’s “Heavenly Bridegrooms
Sonia Rumzi|Never mistrust, unless given a reason.
Diane L. Randle, Spectral Witness|Many people, after spending a long weekend being stealthily seduced by this grand dame of the South, mistakenly think that they have gotten to know her: they believe (in error) that after a long stroll amongst the rustling palmettoes and gas lamps, a couple of sumptuous meals, and a tour or two, that they have discovered everything there is to know about this seemingly genteel, elegant city. But like any great seductress, Charleston presents a careful veneer of half-truths and outright fabrications, and it lets you, the intended conquest, fill in many of the blanks. Seduction, after all, is not true love, nor is it a gentle act. She whispers stories spun from sugar about pirates and patriots and rebels, about plantations and traditions and manners and yes, even ghosts; but the entire time she is guarded about the real story. Few tourists ever hear the truth, because at the dark heart of Charleston is a winding tale of violence, tragedy and, most of all, sin.
Tom Stoppard|Like almost everything else from the West, the Romantic Revolution arrived late in Russia.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Magnus didn't really want this kind of thing this early in the morning - this talk of aching memories and wanting to forget. This conversation needed to end, now.
Allene van Oirschot|A good marriage is a love that lingers a lifetime in one's heart; never fading, only growing in abundance with each year that passes.
Vernon Kitabu Turner|The title of this Chautauqua is "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," not "Zen and the Art of Mountain Climbing," and there are no motorcycles on the tops of mountains, and in my opinion very little Zen. Zen is the "spirit of the valley," not the mountaintop. The only Zen you fin on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
Michael Jordan|My dad's my best mate, and he always will be.
Timothy Joshua|Show me your shoes, and I shall show you what paths you have yet to walk.
Martin Seligman|I do my work and do the best I can. I'm quite happy with my anonymity. All I can ever hope for is that I continue to do great work that will be remembered, and I leave my imprint so that my son can say proudly, 'That's my dad!'
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|In most work situations, there is usually more to see than what meets the eyes. A lot happens just beneath the surface.
William Temple|Laughter, and the broader category of humor, are key elements in helping us go on with our life after a loss.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|Inscribed on it was a verse from the Quatrains of Omar Khayyam, the eleventh-century Persian mystic. Reading the words aloud I prepared for a most amazing journey:The sages who have compassed sea and land,Their secret to search out and understand,My mind misgives me if they ever solveThe scheme on which the universe is planned.
Titus Lucretius Carus, Lucretius on the Nature of Things|The whole of life but labours in the dark.For just as children tremble and fear allIn the viewless dark, so even we at timesDread in the light so many things that beNo whit more fearsome than what children feign,Shuddering, will be upon them in the dark.This terror then, this darkness of the mind,Not sunrise with its flaring spokes of light,Nor glittering arrows of morning can disperse,But only nature's aspect and her law.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, How to Write High Quality Articles In Half the Time|A sense of accomplishment Ahh yes. There's just (Nothing like it) Today, KNOW You can make it happen like no other. It's the Truth. Lean into the direction of your dreams today. Everything is brewing for you, all that you want is on the brink of complete overflow. Get out of your own way and Allow the overflow to happen.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Why do religious believers hate unbelievers? The feel threatened by them, they feel besieged by them. Religions consider themselves as separate tribes in their own rights and feel like unbelievers will one day overrun their strongholds
Michael Moore|In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
Zaha Hadid|Architecture is a service business. An architect is given a program, budget, place, and schedule. Sometimes the end product rises to art - or at least people call it that.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Sam enjoyed knowledge. The accumulation and distribution of facts gave him a feeling of control, of utility, of the opposite of the powerlessness that comes with having a smallish, underdeveloped body that doesn't dependably respond to the mental commands of a largish, overstimulated brain.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|To be very wealthy, you have to program yourself as a machine with targets to reach.
Nina Easton|Almost 50 years old now, some 30 years after graduation, I look at my Caltech classmates and conclude that math whizzes do not take over the world.
Otto Weininger, Sex & character|It's normal to dream about anything at all. It's not normal to dream someone else's dreams." -Arthur Mentis
Eve Ensler, In the Body of the World|Three of the ten principles governing the City of Joy are (a) tell the truth, (b) stop waiting to be rescued, and (c) give away what you want the most.
Daisy Whitney|Sometimes, when we are sad, we have to do the opposite of sad. Sometimes we have to sing.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Love is never blind; it sees with ucute clarity. A closed mind, wounded heart, and a bitter disposition surely cannot perceive love's myriad ways of communicating.
Angela Johnson, The First Part Last|What must I do now?” Mrs. Muller considered her silently for a while. “You are still a child. You must go where you are told and do as you are told. But it won’t always be so. Soon you will be in charge of yourself. Until that time: Be aware. Listen. Look. Touch. Smell. And remember. But for now, you must go home.
Philip K. Dick|You realize that people take drugs because it's the only real personal adventure left to them in their time-constrained, law-and-order, property-lined world. It's only in drugs or death we'll see anything new, and death is just too controlling.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|So," Cooper said conversationally. "You got hit with a shotgun blast. What's that like?"...She turned back to Cooper. "Well...um...it hurt. Like really big bee stings on crack.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|So distracting, so complete is she that she is gone before many realize that she had no escort, she was along, a parade of one.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|In big ways and small, I knew exactly how selfish a war could make me, and I saw all around me how fear and need drove other people to terrible betrayals. Yet over and over, I also saw how war created a community, a people, and how that community was nourished by gestures of sharing. It was sharing that didn't depend on personal intimacy, and a community that didn't depend on everyone's being friends; it foreshadowed what I would come to understand as church, at its best.
Anne Mallory, Seven Secrets of Seduction|If you are not reading and thinking, it means that your windows looking to the ocean are closed!
Samhita Mukhopadhyay, Outdated: Why Dating Is Ruining Your Love Life|If it would destroy [a 12-year-old boy] to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?
Brian Jacques|I hate dialect. It gets in the way. If there is a need for dialect, you can render it quite easily by reproducing the rythm of that form of speech. Then you don't need to bother with silly spellings
Kenneth H. Cooper|The only way for a rich man to be healthy is by exercise and abstinence, to live as if he were poor.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|There are, as is known, insects that die in the moment of fertilization. So it is with all joy: life's highest, most splendid moment of enjoyment is accompanied by death.
Alexander H. Stephens|I'm just a young guy with big dreams who is working hard to make it on top while many people are waiting for my downfall, they don't support but hate and talk negativity.
Richelle E. Goodrich|I drifted off after a while, staring at the only star visible through the thick covering of leaves. Hope seemed a futile wish, but I troubled the lonely star to grant it anyway.
Robert Rodriguez|Look, you're here to see me, and I can't go on until my dealer is here, and he's waiting to be paid, so give me some money so I can fix up, and then you'll get your show.
David Ewert, How to Understand the Bible|I sometimes wonder whether our churches--living as we do in American death-denying culture, relentlessly smiling through our praise choruses--are inadvertently helping people live not as much in hope as in denial.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|The discipline of creation, be it to paint, compose, write, is an effort towards wholeness.
Bud Harris, Sacred Selfishness: A Guide to Living a Life of Substance|Cultivating self-love is an odyssey with moments of difficulty and joy. It's an excursion into knowing ourselves, learning to accept and deal with what we discover... and struggling with our fear of allowing in a little madness to set us free.
Steve C. Roberts, One Minute Thoughts: A Daily Devotional|American Christianity is a story of perpetual upheavals in churches and individual lives. Starting with the extraordinary conversion experience, our lives are motivated by a constant expectation for the Next Big Thing. We're growing bored with the ordinary means of God's grace, attending church week in and week out. Doctrines and disciplines that have shaped faithful Christian witness in the past are often marginalized or substituted with newer fashions or methods. The new and improved may dazzle us for a moment, but soon they have become "so last year". Michael Horton, Ordinary, 16
Lise Vogel|The communists may not have done very well in the end, but I can't help thinking of capitalism as merely the go-to religion of the greedy and selfish.
Shawna Yang Ryan, Green Island|Mums are mums, lance-constable. They don't like to see men managing by themselves, in case that sort of thing catches on.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|I helped bring cheerfulness to a city, valued a long term local job, prepared for that disaster, was that extra dad, wrote songs of hopeful music, and searched for the truth but the most important thing was knowing you were not alone on the journey.
Grace Jones|If you're a coach, you're a teacher.
Cecibel Contreras|You're going to act like a happy man. I know, I know. It's the hardest role in the world.
Ron Johnson|Pond's is a name that everyone is familiar with, and I know that I can trust them when it comes to skincare.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|They become liberated spaces that can be occupied. A rich indetermination gives them, by means of a semantic rarefaction, the function of articulating a second, poetic geography on top of the geography of the literal, forbidden or permitted meaning. They insinuate other routes into the functionalist and historical order of movement. Walking follows them: 'I fill this great empty space with a beautiful name.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Love is Faith and Hope, but Faith or Hope is not a Love..#love_faith_n_hope From : Andra_n_the_backbone
Salvador Dalí|Scarlett kicked the coverlet in impotent rage, trying to think of something bad enough to say.'God's nightgown!' she cried at last, and felt somewhat relieved.
Oswald Chambers|What we spend, we lose. What we keep will be left for others. What we give away will be ours forever.
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|Too often, our concept of pastors and church leaders reinforces rather than obliterates the sad state of family life in our current context.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|In his book, How to Win Friends & Influence People, Dale Carnegie encourages you to greet people with "animation and enthusiasm." This form of kinesthetic responsiveness provides a splendid example of how impactful your gestures can be while responding to others. Whether it be running up to an old friend you have not seen in a while or standing up to greet a business associate when he approaches your table, being kinesthetically responsive is an impactful way to gesture your level of interest, engagement, and enthusiasm.
Jennifer     Harrison, Perverse Wonderland|Take the things from America that speak to you, that excite you, that inspire you, and be the Americans we all want to know; then cook it up and sell it back to them for $28.99. Cue Funk Flex to drop bombs on this. All my peoples from the boat, let 'em know: WEOUTCHEA.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|And sure enough, even waiting will end...if you can just wait long enough.
Edith Wharton, The Buccaneers|You mustn't tell your dreams. Miss Testvalley says nothing bores people so much as being told other people's dreams. Nan said nothing, but an iron gate seemed to clang shut in her - the gate that was so often slammed by careless hands. As if anyone could be bored by such dreams as hers!
Louise Arner Boyd|I must say that the charm of the Arctic, its infinite diversity, its aloofness from the rest of the world, made it a field which gives its own reward. Only those who have seen the magnificent sunsets over the ice, who have…been buffeted by storms… can appreciate the spell which always draws us back there.
Hannah Simone|My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did.
Diana Gabaldon|It's in my stars to invent; I was born on Madame Curie's birthday. I have this need for originals, for innovation. That's why I like Charlie Parker.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Why did you revive me?” Alecto repeated. “Well… uh, well….” Mandy hesitated, her voice full of sudden misery. “They say there are five stages of grief, you know… five stages. denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance. Not in any particular order. Anyhow, I denied your death, I was angry about it, I bargained with Mearth to try and get her to un-bury your site and I was depressed about the whole ordeal. One thing I just froze up on though was acceptance. I just couldn’t accept your death. It was really cruel the way you died, and I missed you so much… Mearth, my parents, the cops, Dr. Pottie, they all thought I was crazy. When people think you’re crazy, that label automatically dehumanizes you, because people can use it to discredit everything you say with, “oh, pay no mind to her, she’s just this crazy lunatic with a dead imaginary friend.” I just wanted to do something, anything to make it all go away, and I decided that I wanted to revive you.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Oh, you have to charge 'em, Jubal. The marks won't pay attention if it's free.
Nicholas Sparks|Do you know what you're saying when you say, "Whatever"? It's just a code word for the f-word, followed by "you." And at your age, you never, ever. say that to anyone.' " Blaze leaned back. "So now, when someone says it to me, I just say, 'You too.' (72)
Simone Weil, Waiting for God|We are drawn towards a thing, either because there is some good we are seeking from it, or because we cannot do without it. Sometimes the two motives coincide. Often however they do not. Each is distinct and quite independent. We eat distasteful food, if we have nothing else, because we cannot do otherwise. A moderately greedy man looks out for delicacies, but he can easily do without them. If we have no air we are suffocated, we struggle to get it, not because we expect to get some advantage from it but because we need it. We go in search of sea air without being driven by any necessity, because we like it. In time it often comes about automatically that the second motive takes the place of the first. This is one of the great misfortunes of our race. A man spokes opium in order to attain to a special condition, which he thinks superior; often, as time goes on, the opium reduces him to a miserable condition which he feels to be degrading; but he is no longer able to do without it.
Sukhraj S. Dhillon|Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does.
Kelly Rowland|If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|The wave is the signature of every experience of life. By understanding the nature of waves and their characteristics, and applying that understanding to our lives, we can navigate life with a little more grace.
K. Farrell St. Germain|She had gills while other people were breathing with lungs. There was, however, no point in dwelling on it, as it was too later to grow up differently.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum|My mother always taught us that if people don't agree with you, the important thing is to listen to them. But if you've listened to them carefully and you still think that you're right, then you must have the courage of your convictions.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|If you love someone, you don't act like they annoy you. You like them, and you try and make them think they're the most important person in the world to you.
Ken Follett, Winter of the World|The whiteness celebrated in Paris is Burning is not just any old brand of whiteness but rather that brutal imperial ruling-class capitalist patriarchal whiteness that presents itself -its way of life- as the only meaningful life there is. What could be more reassuring to a white public fearful that marginalized disenfranchised black folks might rise any day now make revolutionary black liberation struggle a reality than a documentary affirming that colonized, victimized, exploited black folks, are all too willing to be complicit in perpetuating the fantasy that ruling-class white culture is the quintessential site of unrestricted joy, freedom, power and pleasure.
Amy Poehler|I didn't say any of this to my sister. How I saw her being broken into mediocrity and motherhood; her body broken and then her mind - or did her mind go first, it's sort of hard to disentangle - and then for her to turn around and say Broken is Best, I didn't say how that made me furious beyond measure.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|In the end, Leck should have stuck to his lies. For it was the truth he almost told that killed him.
Joy Williams|When you have something meaningful to say, you lose your desire for much grammar; for only in the incompetence of words does one seek the redeeming power of vocabulary.
Cliff Wright, The Magic of Drawing: Bring Your Vision to Life on the Page|There's no such word as genius, it is just the combination of hard work and determination.
David Nicholls, One Day|Call me sentimental, but there's no-one in the world that I'd like to see get dysentery more than you
Anthony Doerr, About Grace|Winkler's breath plumed up onto his glasses. The entire valley was enveloped in a huge, illuminated stillness. Above him the clouds had pulled away and the sky burned with stars. The meadow smoldered with light, and the spruce had become illuminated kingdoms, snow sifting from branch to branch. He thought: This has been here every winter all my life.
Susan Mecca, The Gift of Crisis: Finding your best self in the worst of times|The evil components of our shadow are the part of us that we deplore, the part of us that we prefer not to admit. One must set themselves free from all inhibitions in order to initiate close encounters with their innermost monster. By standing toe-to-toe with the part of ourselves that we most detest, a person is in a position to slay their fiendish sense of self and, by doing so, undergo a soulful transformation.
Cedric Nye, The Road to Hell is Paved With Zombies|People could say a lot of negative things about the apocalypse, but there was no arguing the air quality in Los Angeles had really improved.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I thought I'd lie on the floor and writhe in pain for a while," he grunted, "It relaxes me.""It does? Oh - you're being sarcastic. That's a good sign probably.
Pablo Neruda|Escóndeme en tus brazospor esta noche sola,mientras la lluvia rompecontra el mar y la tierrasu boca innumerable.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|It takes two to tango but It takes "ONE" to Love
Lajos Kossuth|The fact is that we cannot drill our way to independence. We cannot drill our way to freedom, and we cannot drill our way to create jobs in this country.
Deb Caletti|I guess forgiveness, like happiness, isn’t a final destination. You don’t one day get there and get to stay.
Ken  Goldstein, Endless Encores: Repeating Success Through People, Products, and Profits|…to own only a little talent…was an awful, plaguing thing….being only a little bit special meant you expected too much, most of the time.
Ronnie Lott|It's ONLY with a NEW MINDSET and SWIFT Action that you can span the gap between WHO and WHERE you are, and WHO and WHERE/WHAT you want to BE, DO and HAVE
Trey Parker|There is also this benefit in brag, that the speaker is unconsciously expressing his own ideal. Humor him by all means, draw it all out, and hold him to it.
Clare Vanderpool|Suddenly, the double doors of the parlor whooshed open. A large fleshy woman stood before me in full regalia. Her eyes were all made up, earrings and bracelets jangling. The sign in the window said Miss Sadie was a medium. From the look of her, I'd say that was a bit wishful.
Karl R. Popper|Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The sound of music, makes me dance.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Don't look so far, when it is so near.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|Keeping busy is the hardest part. When I find myself still, clear of thoughts, I can still feel you holding me.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|I told you not to trust a wolf,” he continued. His words dripped like honeyed venom. “Because it would only ever want to break you.” Darren let out a small, harsh laugh. “Haven’t you figured it out yet? I’m the wolf, Ryiah. I guess what I really should have told you was to never trust a prince, but that’s not quite as memorable.
Aaron B. Powell, Quixotic|I am absolutely comfortable with the fact that men marrying men, women marrying women, and heterosexual men and women marrying another are entitled to the same exact rights, all the civil rights, all the civil liberties. And quite frankly, I don't see much of a distinction beyond that.
Alice Munro, Runaway|Few people, very few, have a treasure, and if you do you must hang on to it. You must not let yourself be waylaid and have it taken from you.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|For the anarch, little has changed; flags have meaning for him, but not sense. I have seen them in the air and on the ground like leaves in May and November; and I have done so as a contemporary and not just as a historian. The May Day celebration will survive, but with a different meaning. New portraits will head up the processions. A date devoted to the Great Mother is re-profaned. A pair of lovers in the wood pays more homage to it. I mean the forest as something undivided, where every tree is still a liberty tree.For the anarch, little is changed when he strips off a uniform that he wore partly as fool’s motley, partly as camouflage. It covers his spiritual freedom, which he will objectivate during such transitions. This distinguishes him from the anarchist, who, objectively unfree, starts raging until he is thrust into a more rigorous straitjacket.
Stanley Hauerwas, Hannah's Child: A Theologian's Memoir|I fear that much of the Christianity that surrounds us assumes our task is to save appearances by protecting God from Job-like anguish. But if God is the God of Jesus Christ, then God does not need our protection. What God demands is not protection, but truth.
James A. Michener|We need three basic things to live - food, clothing, and shelter. Very few of us actually grow our own food, make our own clothes, and build our own homes. If we do not fulfill our basic needs by ourselves, why do we put so much pressure on ourselves to do everything else on our own? Just what are we trying to prove?
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|It wasn't that you could take them for granted, as such - heaven knows, nothing can be taken for granted in this life - it was simply that you would know, almost unthinkingly, that they'd be there if you needed them, no matter how bad things got.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|My heart shattered. 'The boy that you keep painting - the one at the warehouse and at the art gallery? That boy is you, isn't it?'Rider didn't say anything.'It's not you from the past,' I whispered. His handsome face blurred. 'That's still who you are.'He closed his eyes.
Adam Clarke|We ourselves can die with comfort and even with joy if we know that death is but a passport to blessedness, that this intellect, freed from all material chains, shall rise and shine.
George Muller|The more I am in a position to be tried in faith with reference to my body, my family, my service for the Lord, my business, etc., the more shall I have opportunity of seeing God's help and deliverance; and every fresh instance, in which He helps and delivers me, will tend towards the increase of my faith.
Whitney Johnson, Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work|Disrupting yourself is critical to avoiding stagnation, being overtaken by low-end entrants (i.e., younger, smarter, faster workers), and fast-tracking your personal and career growth.
Ellie Goulding|I've read a lot of war writing, even World War I writing, the British war poetry of Wilfred Owen and Siegfried Sassoon, Robert Graves's memoir 'Goodbye to All That,' and a civilian memoir, 'Testament of Youth,' by Vera Brittain.
Robert Jordan, Towers of Midnight|Defying the Dark One no matter the length of his shadow. We will live, that defiance said. We will love and we will hope.
David Schnarch, Passionate Marriage: Keeping Love and Intimacy Alive in Committed Relationships|We tell ourselves that intimacy (and marriage) takes two people who are willing to work at it-but, unfortunately, we rarely have the slightest inkling of our "job" assignments in this project.
Michael Wittmer|Everything God created is good, with the possible exception of cats.
Gabrielle Zevin, Because It Is My Blood|HERMIAGod speed fair Helena! whither away?HELENACall you me fair? that fair again unsay.Demetrius loves your fair: O happy fair!Your eyes are lode-stars; and your tongue's sweet airMore tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear,When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear.Sickness is catching: O, were favour so,Yours would I catch, fair Hermia, ere I go;My ear should catch your voice, my eye your eye,My tongue should catch your tongue's sweet melody.Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated,The rest I'd give to be to you translated.O, teach me how you look, and with what artYou sway the motion of Demetrius' heart.HERMIAI frown upon him, yet he loves me still.HELENAO that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill!HERMIAI give him curses, yet he gives me love.HELENAO that my prayers could such affection move!HERMIAThe more I hate, the more he follows me.HELENAThe more I love, the more he hateth me.HERMIAHis folly, Helena, is no fault of mine.HELENANone, but your beauty: would that fault were mine!
Paul Auster|If there's no money in poetry, neither is there poetry in money.
Chico Xavier|The worker faithful to the well has neither the intention, or time, to violate the name and the service of others.
Ron Brackin, Forgive Your Way to Better Health, Greater Productivity, and World Peace|Forgiveness is the virtue of the courageous, the response of the forgiven, the mercy of the just.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|Why is it so easy to abandon ourselves, and why do we so easily fall into the illusion that this self-abandonment is the only way people will like us?
R.S. Gompertz, Life's Big Zoo|Jennifer now understood the meaning of the cadence: the black and white drawing, the watercolor painting,and the notes. The cadence had at last developed into a concerto for violin, the instrument of gypsies, with a prevailing rhapsodic "leitmotif". The final movement had revealed itself when they were at the gypsy camp. And now it was complete.
Austin Penman|Write, what you feel about. Feel, what you have written about.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|Strolling on the plateau of life, desperate for the mountain, I never thought that I would get this far. It's only art that has carried me through, given me faith in my own existence. But now I am approaching a point in my life where I desire more...
Mei Jancorda|If you're an open book I would've carefully read through the pages you've written with your life so far, so I would know where you are at right now.
Mary Miller|To help create positive change in others, you must first find the catalyst for positive change in yourself," Mary Miller, Changing Direction: Ten Choices That Impact Your Dreams (Chapter 1).
Elissa Stein and Susan Kim|On a planet where for thousands of years, even today, a woman's worth has been judged exclusively by the productivity of her womb, what the hell is the point of a barren woman?
Charles Frazier, Thirteen Moons|...I had always believed prayer ought to be conducted on our feet rather than on our knees, since God seems in all other departments of life to require us to stand upright and account for ourselves.
Queen Latifah, Put on Your Crown: Life-Changing Moments on the Path to Queendom|I didn't know I had it in me. There's more to all of us than we realize. Life is so much bigger, grander, higher, and wider than we allow ourselves to think. We're capable of so much more than we allow ourselves to believe.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Ask nothing from your running, and you'll get more than you ever imagined!
David Cecil, Library Looking-Glass: A Personal Anthology|Great things are done when men and mountains meet; This is not done by jostling in the street. -William BlakeThis admirable couplet should be posted in conspicuous places all over England. The truth it embodies is threatened by two parties of opinion: on the one hand by those who hold it as a sin against nature to try and control the increase of population in any way and on the other by those who believe in 'growth', the pursuit at all costs of a standard of living which entails more and more industrialization and urbanization. If the believers in nature have their way, England will in the end be so full of people that they will be jostling each other even on mountains: if the believers in 'growth' have their way, the whole country will be covered with streets and we shall hardly be aware that mountains exist.
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever one knows, he knows on the basis of his egoism. The ‘Gnani’ [The enlightened one], who doesn’t know how to do anything; has no egoism whatsoever.
Gina Greenlee, The Whole Person Guide to Your First Marathon: A Mind Body Spirit Companion|The complexity of a subject, if crucial for understanding the story, needs to be shown in the visualisation. Thus, in many cases, clarifying a subject requires increasing the amount of information, not reducing it.
Frank Skinner, Frank Skinner on the Road|I walked back into the bedroom and, after all that, I actually was surprised. She lay on the bed, her hands nonchalantly behind her head, with the banana between her legs. Only half of it was alfresco. It was if we'd had sex and then, before heading for the bathroom, I'd bookmarked her vagina so as not to lose my place.
Jennifer  Underwood, The Road to Sedona-All Paths Lead to You: How One Woman's Past Life Can Shape the Future|I do not understand why I was held back from Sedona for so many years. My spirit was broken down, and I lost everything, friends, pets, pieces of myself were lying everywhere. I felt like a massive failure from Boston, then a failure because I could not manifest Sedona. It almost seems like I had to give up, and let go of the iron grip I had on Sedona, in order to finally understand it better. Focusing on other dreams and paths, let me lighten up further, until it came unexpectedly at the door and knocked. "Remember Me? I am the dream you buried, and thought you would never get, but it feels right now, and you should just go for it".
Mark  Lawrence, The Wheel of Osheim|I've never had much use for religion, except when it comes to swearing or begging for mercy.
Kat Lahr, Parallelism Of Cyclicality|The most difficult lesson is not being bitter—that balancing you need to do so you don't become bitter, even as you cease being gullible.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|There was this saying that kept on haunting her mind – tears make you seem weak. And she wasn’t weak. It was just that sometimes when she was all alone, it had made everything seemed so much real and convincing.
John Ruskin|We are always in these days endeavoring to separate intellect and manual labor; we want one man to be always thinking, and another to be always working, and we call one a gentleman, and the other an operative; whereas the workman ought often to be thinking, and the thinker often to be working, and both should be gentlemen in the best sense.
