Belle Whittington, Cicada|If you've never been in a dumpster coated with industrial waste while someone stabs you with a piece of sharpened rebar, then you probably wouldn't understand.
Nicolas Roeg|Movies are not scripts - movies are films; they're not books, they're not the theatre.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|When you have an open mind and you're flexible....not married to your beliefs, you can see clearly because you're able to feel and remain neutral at the same time.You're curious.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new day, I reach out to the best of myself by grace.
Akanksha Wadhavkar( Motivational poems for starlit souls)|A no hurts but a broken promise hurts more, Listening to a no is not easy but a shattered wish stabs more! Don't ever promise anything that you will not be able to give, BECAUSE THE HEART BREAKS INTO A ZILLION PIECES WHEN PEOPLE PROMISE BUT DON'T GIVE .
Mallika Nawal, I'm a Woman & I'm on SALE|I think I miss Ben,” she told Lauren one night. “No, you don’t,” Lauren said. “But sometimes, I really think I do.” Lauren sighed. “Isabella, you miss the essence of a boy. That’s all.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Mr. D, wearing his leopard-skin jogging suit and rummaging through the refrigerator.He looked up lazily. "Do you mind?"Where's Chiron!" I shouted.How rude." Mr. D took a swig from a jug of grape juice. "Is that how you say hello?"Hello," I amended. "We're about to die! Where's Chiron?
Steven Magee|My Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) appeared to be caused by blood clots in the brain which had to be flushed out to cure it. The mystery was why I had the blood clots there, which recently was solved by the medical profession as I have a hole in my heart that creates them. It is estimated that 25% of the population have a hole in their heart and Atrial Septal Defect (ASD) may be one of the triggers for the onset of EHS in a person.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not only the absence of violence, but the presence of love, kindness, compassion and harmony.
Hillman Curtis, MTIV: Process, Inspiration and Practice for the New Media Designer|It does wonders for my own psyche to turn envy into inspiration. No matter how successful we become, we're never above that.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|The ORDINARY RESPONSE TO ATROCITIES is to banish them from consciousness. Certain violations of the social compact are too terrible to utter aloud: this is the meaning of the word unspeakable.Atrocities, however, refuse to be buried. Equally as powerful as the desire to deny atrocities is the conviction that denial does not work. Folk wisdom is filled with ghosts who refuse to rest in their graves until their stories are told. Murder will out. Remembering and telling the truth about terrible events are prerequisites both for the restoration of the social order and for the healing of individual victims.The conflict between the will to deny horrible events and the will to proclaim them aloud is the central dialectic of psychological trauma. People who have survived atrocities often tell their stories in a highly emotional, contradictory, and fragmented manner that undermines their credibility and thereby serves the twin imperatives of truth-telling and secrecy. When the truth is finally recognized, survivors can begin their recovery. But far too often secrecy prevails, and the story of the traumatic event surfaces not as a verbal narrative but as a symptom.The psychological distress symptoms of traumatized people simultaneously call attention to the existence of an unspeakable secret and deflect attention from it. This is most apparent in the way traumatized people alternate between feeling numb and reliving the event. The dialectic of trauma gives rise to complicated, sometimes uncanny alterations of consciousness, which George Orwell, one of the committed truth-tellers of our century, called "doublethink," and which mental health professionals, searching for calm, precise language, call "dissociation." It results in protean, dramatic, and often bizarre symptoms of hysteria which Freud recognized a century ago as disguised communications about sexual abuse in childhood. . . .
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|...the whole configuration of human development needs to be reconceptualized. A lifetime ought not to be thought of in linear manner, an ascending upward gradient, or a kind of bell-shaped curve in which persons develop from one stage of helplessness as an infant through a lifetime to a final stage of helplessness in old age... In...God resides the ultimate coherence from whom each passion for understanding, each new insight, new stage, new vision of the universe, derives its ultimate intelligibility and toward which all such phenomena point.
John Grisham|I am often asked whether physical aggression by women toward men, such as a slap in the face, is abuse. The answer is: “It depends.” Men typically experience women’s shoves or slaps as annoying and infuriating rather than intimidating, so the long-term emotional effects are less damaging. It is rare to find a man who has gradually lost his freedom or self-esteem because of a woman’s aggressiveness.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|It’s okay to feel whatever you need to feel. Just promise me that you will never, ever feel guilty. Promise me that you will never blame yourself. It’s not your fault. You’re just a little girl and it’s not your fault that your life is so much harder than it should be. And as much as you’ll want to forget these things ever happened to you and as much as you’ll want to forget this part of your life existed, I need for you to remember.
Diana Wynne Jones, House of Many Ways|I'll show you how," Peter said. "Stop hiding behind your ignorance.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When individuals feel comfortable approaching their leaders, their confidence to share ideas, discuss problems, and offer suggestions is strengthened. It emboldens them to take personal ownership and perform at higher levels within the organization.
A.P., Sabine|Ritual abuse is highly organised and, obviously, secretive. It is often linked with other major crimes such as child pornography, child prostitution, the drugs industry, trafficking, and many other illegal and heinous activities. Ritual abuse is organised sexual, physical and psychological abuse, which can be systematic and sustained over a long period of time. It involves the use of rituals - things which the abusers 'need' to do, or 'need' to have in place - but it doesn't have to have a belief system. There doesn't have to be God or the Devil, or any other deity for it to be considered 'ritual'. It involves using patterns of learning and development to keep the abuse going and to make sure the child stays quiet.There has been, and still is a great deal of debate about whether or not such abuse exists anywhere in the world. There are many people who constantly deny that there is even such a thing as ritual abuse. All I can say is that I know there is. Not only have I been a victim of it myself, but I have been dealing with survivors of this type of abuse for almost 30 years.If there are survivors, there must be something that they have survived.The things is, most sexual abuse of children is ritualised in some way. Abusers use repetition, routine and ritual to forced children into the patterns of behaviour they require. Some abusers want their victims to wear certain clothing, to say certain things. They might bathe them or cut them, they might burn them or abuse them only on certain days of the week. They might do a hundred other things which are ritualistic, but aren't always called that - partly, I think because we have a terror of the word and of accepting just how premeditated abuse actually is.Abusers instill fear in their victims and ensure silence; they do all they can to avoid being caught. Sexual abuse of a child is rarely a random act. It involves thorough planning and preparation beforehand. They threaten the children with death, with being taken into care, with no one believing them, which physical violence or their favourite teddy being taken away. They are told that their mum will die, or their dad will hate them, the abusers say everyone will think it's their fault, that everyone already knows they are bad. Nothing is too big or small for an abuser to use as leverage.There is unmistakable proof that abusers do get together in order to share children, abuse more children, and even learn from each other. As more cases have come into the public eye in recent years, this has become increasingly obvious. More and more of this type of abuse is coming to light.I definitely think it is the word ritual which causes people to question, to feel uncomfortable, or even just disbelieve. It seems almost incredible that such things would happen, but too many of us know exactly how bad the lives of many children are. A great deal of child pornography shows children being abused in a ritualised setting, and many have now come forward to share their experiences, but there is a still tendency to say it just couldn't happen.p204-205
Frank A. Oski|Imagine that the world had created a new 'dream product' to feed and immunize everyone born on earth. Imagine also that it was available everywhere, required no storage or delivery, and helped mothers plan their families and reduce the risk of cancer. Then imagine that the world refused to use it.
iyke Rene|It seems to me, that if you tried hard, you would in time find it possible to become what you yourself would approve; and that if from this day you began with resolution to correct your thoughts and actions, you would in a few years have laid up a new and stainless store of recollections, to which you might revert with pleasure.
David McGee|[G]iving yourself some loving attention is not selfish. It is sensible. If you feel loved and cherished--even if it is only by yourself--then you will have more love to give to others, too. (83)
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|You can’t expect to conquer the world in one day, you know. All good things will come in time.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|To be rejected by someone doesn't mean you should also reject yourself or that you should think of yourself as a lesser person. It doesn't mean that nobody will ever love you anymore. Remember that only ONE person has rejected you at the moment, and it only hurt so much because to you, that person's opinion symbolized the opinion of the whole world, of God.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|A book is a collaboration between the one who reads and what is read and, at its best, that coming together is a love story like any other.
Marlo Thomas|For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|There are people who are never content, never appeased, forever dissatisfied—who continually look to what escapes them, convincing themselves that if only they could attain that one desire outside of reach they would be happy.  It seems almost pointless to give to these people because their eyes immediately shift from the gift to stare miserably at the portion held back.  Their wants, demands, expectations, appetites are never satiated, thus they refuse to be happy.  And you cannot make them so.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|It's not your schedule that keeps you from praying, it's your failure to realize the importance of prayer.
David Thewlis|The very rough story is this: Melbourne boy, out of both my parents' houses at a young age, lived with my grandmother, drama teacher twisted me into doing this TV thing that I thought my mates were doing, too.
Dimebag Darrell|In this beginner-friendly book, called 'Learn to Program with Minecraft,' you will learn how to do cool things in Minecraft using the Python programming language. No prior programming experience is needed.
Robert Dawson, The Public Library: A Photographic Essay|All the skills from DBT glom together, a mass of acronyms without any meaning. I pull out the DBT books and paw through the pages. Something has to help. Then I find these words: 'The lives of suicidal, borderline individuals are unbearable as they currently being lived.
James Woods|I was supposed to be women's lib, and now I'd exceeded it and gone over into international politics.
Douglas Coupland|We may not be able to control what happens to us, but we can always control how we react.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Right now fear, doubt, anxiety, tension and disharmony are reigning supreme.But there shall come a time when this world of ours will be flooded with peace.Who is going to bring about this radical change?It will be you: you and your sisters and brothers.You and your oneness-heart will spread peace throughout the length and breadth of the world.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|Let's start with ice cream and go from there."	"You're gonna love it." Holly nodded. "All their ingredients are fresh, and they make the most delicious, wackiest flavors you've ever heard of."	Clearly she'd forgotten that Lindsey had come from D.C. "Like what?"	"Honey lavender. Sweet corn raspberry. Toasted coconut fudge. Lemon fig....blueberry pie... marshmallow peach... salted caramel chocolate chunk...
Stephen King|If you don’t have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?
Kenzaburō Ōe|Thinking belongs to duality. Love belongs to the Oneness. There is no thought without judgment, there is no Unconditional Love without the silence of the mind.
Novalis, Novalis: Philosophical Writings|Sometimes with the most intense pain a paralysis of sensibility occurs. The soul disintegrates--hence the deadly frost--the free power of the mind--the shattering, ceaseless wit of this kind of despair. There is no inclination for anything any more--the person is alone, like a baleful power--as he has no connection with the rest of the world he consumes himself gradually--and in accordance with his own principle he is--misanthropic and misotheos.
Saaif Alam|The way we can replenish our memories is to look back at textual information that we have either written or read before. If that method is accomplished, we can comprehend and complete tasks that require us to use more critical thinking.
Stephen Dunn, Lines of Defense: Poems|Where are we going? It’s not an issue of here or there. And if you ever feel you can’t take another step, imagine how you might feel to arrive, if not wiser, a little more aware how to inhabit the middle ground between misery and joy. Trudge on. In the higher regions, where the footing is unsure, to trudge is to survive.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Reading's ability to beam you up to a different world is a good part of the reason why people like me do it in the first place---because dollar for dollar, hour per hour, it's the most expedient way to get from our proscribed little "here" to an imagined, intriguing there". Part time machine, part Concorde, part ejector seat, books are our salvation.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Poetry has its uses for despair. It can carve a shape in which a pain can seem to be; it can give one’s loss a form and dimension so that it might be loss and not simply a hopeless haunting. It can do these things for one person, or it can do them for an entire culture. But poetry is for psychological, spiritual, or emotional pain. For physical pain it is, like everything but drugs, useless.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|Even though we don't admit it, every single one of us aspires to be like somebody, whether they live in the world today, within the bard's lyrics, or on the pages in the Library
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|No problem. Just drop it back off before you go," he says, procuring a brass key. "And if he puts on Bowie's early stuff and starts sweet-talking, dammit, you run. You run as fast as you can.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|The key to a successful relationship isn’t just in the words, it’s in the choice of punctuation. When you’re in love with someone, a well-placed question mark can be the difference between bliss and disaster, and a deeply respected period or a cleverly inserted ellipsis can prevent all kinds of exclamations.
Thomas Hobbes|Revolution is about the need to re-evolve political, economic and social justice and power back into the hands of the people, preferably through legislation and policies that make human sense. That's what revolution is about. Revolution is not about shootouts.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you stand on top of that mountain and you look out, you will know that you will never again look back.
Renzo Piano|A true flag is not something you can really design. A true flag is torn from the soul of the people. A flag is something that everyone owns, and that's why they work. The Rainbow Flag is like other flags in that sense: it belongs to the people.
Victor Hugo|We sleep, but the loom of life never stops, and the pattern which was weaving when the sun went down is weaving when it comes up in the morning.
Norman Mailer, On God: An Uncommon Conversation|No. Don't never go looking for love girl. Just wait. It'll come. Like the rain fallin' from the heaven, it'll come. Just don't never give up on love.
Michael Chabon|Every soldier thinks something of the moral aspects of what he is doing. But all war is immoral and if you let that bother you, you're not a good soldier.
Donald Driver|I love to go to a movie, get a Diet Coke and a barrel of popcorn, and sit there with my kids and watch a film.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Every moment of every day, your mind chooses whether you focus on the angelic or the demonic, on your life’s blessings or your tragedies, on the flashes of insight or the reminders of trouble.
Oscar Wilde|Lady Caroline: As far as I can make out, the young women of the present day seem to make it the sole object of their lives to be always playing with fire. Mrs. Allonby: The one advantage of playing with fire, Lady Caroline, is that one never gets even singed. It is the people who don't know how to play with it who get burned up.
Simon S. Tam|People who are driven by their values will overcome hurdles, difficulties, and obstacles in ways that people driven only by profit will never be able to
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When the Christian or the church becomes popular with the unbelieving world, something is seriously wrong. Because Christ runs counter to evil and because we are Christ-owned, we must also stand against evil.
Edwin Louis Cole|I have appeared on 'The Dr. Oz show' and recognize that Dr. Oz does not hold the exact same viewpoints about all controversies in human nutrition that I do, but he has a huge base of knowledge and is open-minded and willing to re-consider a position based on emerging evidence on multiple scientific and health issues.
Emmanuel Serenity|Knowledge is God, respect it to get respect.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|People who teach you cram old ideas, old views, old ways, into you. Like covering plants with layer after layer of old earth; it's no wonder the poor things so rarely come up fresh and green.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Dating is a man-made ideology: if having a lover was a prerequisite to living, one would either be in a relationship, or, six feet under.
C.C. Wyatt|If there was a moral issue involved, she would, of course, defend her position to the end. But long ago her mother had taught her that often it is the little things over which people battle foolishly, losing friends, disturbing peace of mind, destroying serenity with no end in view save that they continue to defend the position which they have taken. It was far better, her mother pointed out, to give in gracefully, remembering that a fight in a lesser cause is never worth the struggle. She maintained that by doing so one gained everything really worth having, serenity, sweetness, and inner strength.
Nnechi Gabriel Ocean|Relationship is not all about sex,confess love to someoneno,is all about what you can propound, what youcan do,and the experience / what youpropounded at last after doing it....
Elisabeth Elliot, Through Gates of Splendor|I was raised in church, Gray. If you'd asked me during my wildest phases if I was a Christian, I'd have told you I was. But there was a disconnect there.You're judging me.No, I'm calling it like it is, unlike most of the people you know, who would all agree with you if you said the sky is red.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|I cannot comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these."- Mr. Darcy
G.M. Jackson, How to Prove God Does Not Exist|A theist can't empirically prove that God exists but he believes in God because no one can allegedly disprove God's existence. By his logic, you must believe in anything you can't disprove. That means all things are real until disproved--including the tooth fairy, the Loch Ness Monster, Santa Claus, the Flying Spaghetti Monster, etc.
Sundar Pichai|Being a chef isn't the ideal career to intersect with parenting, but I try to be in my kids' lives as much as possible.
Jane Velez-Mitchell|I spent a lot of years on the road, and what happens is you find out who your real friends are and you find out where your strengths and weaknesses lie in communication. I've had the same friends for 20 years now and I can count them on one hand.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|If queens did not exist, the poets would have had to invent them, so necessary as they are to a nation's glory.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon an Ever After|If I am not for myself, who will be for me? But if I am only for myself, who am I? If not now, when?
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Calliope was never still. Even when she was seemingly motionless, he could see her mind at work, sorting ideas, seeking solutions, cataloging the space around her. To see her beauty, one had to see her in motion.
Paul Karl Feyerabend, Against Method: Outline of an Anarchistic Theory of Knowledge|The idea of a method that contains firm, unchanging, and absolutely binding principles for conducting the business of science meets considerable difficulty when confronted with the results of historical research. We find, then, that there is not a single rule, however plausible, and however firmly grounded in epistemology, that is not violated at some time or other. It becomes evident that such violations are not accidental events, they are not results of insufficient knowledge or of inattention which might have been avoided. On the contrary, we see that they are necessary for progress. Indeed, one of the most striking features of recent discussions in the history and philosophy of science is the realization that events and developments, such as the invention of atomism in antiquity, the Copernican Revolution, the rise of modern atomism (kinetic theory; dispersion theory; stereochemistry; quantum theory), the gradual emergence of the wave theory of light, occurred only because some thinkers either decided not to be bound be certain 'obvious' methodological rules, or because they unwittingly broke them.
Chris Geiger|I thought of all those heroines of fiction who looked pretty when they cried, and what a contrast I must make with a blotched and swollen face, and red rims to my eyes.
Thomas Paine|Let me just say: Peace to you, if you're willing to fight for it.
Paul O'Brien, Great Decisions, Perfect Timing: Cultivating Intuitive Intelligence|When you find your path in life and are in sync with your primary missions in this lifetime, everything else just falls into place.
Peter Beinart|It's easy to see why conservatives would be salivating at the thought of a Hillary primary challenge. Presidents who face serious primary challenges—Ford, Carter, Bush I—almost always lose. The last president who lost reelection without a serious primary challenge, by contrast, was Herbert Hoover. But in truth, the chances that Obama will face a primary challenge are vanishingly slim, and the chances that he will lose reelection only slightly higher. No wonder conservatives are fantasizing about Hillary Clinton taking down Barack Obama. If she doesn't, it's unlikely they will.
Richard Feynman, The Meaning of It All: Thoughts of a Citizen-Scientist|Of course, I am interested, but I would not dare to talk about them. In talking about the impact of ideas in one field on ideas in another field, one is always apt to make a fool of oneself. In these days of specialization there are too few people who have such a deep understanding of two departments of our knowledge that they do not make fools of themselves in one or the other.
Margaret Mead|We are born, we live, we disappear. One of the chilling aspects of history is the swiftness with which it carries us into oblivion.
Charles M. Schulz|Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Why me?", then a voice answers "Nothing personal, your name just happened to come up.
Dylan  Morrison, The Prodigal Prophet|Only once in the historical record has a jump on the San Andreas exceeded the jump of 1906. In 1857, near Tejon Pass outside Los Angeles, the two sides shifted thirty feet.
Ani DiFranco|If you're not getting happier as you get older, then you're fuckin' up
Heather Graham, The Evil Inside|Sometimes there's other reason for helping, other than personal gain or benefit," added Sam softly. "Friendship, companionship, trust and love are not confined to light alone...they are harder won, fewer seen...but no less real.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|And our madness-measure is always changing. Probably we are less tolerant of madness now than at any period in history. There is no place for it. Crucially, there is no time for it.Going mad takes time. Getting sane takes time.
Frank Lloyd Wright|The revenues of Cuban state-run companies are used exclusively for the benefit of the people, to whom they belong.
Avis J. Williams|If you do not completely accept yourself, you can not love yourself fully. It would be hard to love anything unconditionally.
Joe Garcia|To say that I could manipulate one of the men who has shown the most courage before the Cuban government, who gets beaten every day, who did a hunger strike that freed political prisoners... I think that's absurd.
Martijn Benders|I started this dirty quote business when I noticed that I only tend to read authors when their quotes convince me of wit and style. In a world overflowing with bad literature and corrupted product-placement critics the only weapon one has is either word of mouth or quotes, and me I highly prefer the latter. So I have just decided that I will only post to facebook through goodreads quotes. That's policy that makes a lot of sense for a writer.
B. B. King|Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the morning sun wakes up, the darkness in the valleys looks for a place to hide!
Jane Austen, Persuasion|My idea of good company, Mr. Eliot, is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.
Aldous Huxley|You never see animals going through the absurd and often horrible fooleries of magic and religion. . . . Dogs do not ritually urinate in the hope of persuading heaven to do the same and send down rain. Asses do not bray a liturgy to cloudless skies. Nor do cats attempt, by abstinence from cat's meat, to wheedle the feline spirits into benevolence. Only man behaves with such gratuitous folly. It is the price he has to pay for being intelligent but not, as yet, quite intelligent enough.
Molly Friedenfeld|People are like stars in the night sky, all are not equal, but still, everyone shines.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Sorry is the day, and full of lament, when the young have to guard themselves from being food for the old.I am moved to bewilderment, when I glance my eyes upon a society that kills its young, and then pretends to mourn their modus operandi.Worse still, are those who have no compassion for the legacy and lack of positive inheritance being left to us, the future.We have to save our parents and their friends. They raised us,but do not trust us. They are too tired to enact change. The source of progress, and the wealth of the future is, us.
Ilona Andrews|We took a right at the fork, heading farther north. The charred houses continued. To the right, a large sign nailed to an old telephone post shouted DANGER in huge red letters. Underneath in crisp black letters was written:IM-1: Infectious Magic AreaDo Not EnterAuthorized Personnel OnlyA second smaller sign under the first one, written on a piece of plastic with permanent marker, read:Keep out, stupid.“We aren’t going to keep out, are we?” Ascanio asked.“No.”“Awesome.
Terry Savage|I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen.
Unarine Ramaru|We can give happiness a chance: happiness is learnable. Life is a choice and happiness is a question of focusing, hearing and seeing the right things behind the appearances. It is a matter of finding out, differencing worthiness and irrelevance, connectedness and distantness, warmth and aloofness, brightness and dimness. Happiness is the lucky potential to steer friskily along the cliffs of the unknown avoiding the obstacles of narcissism and conceit. ( " Happiness blowing in the wind. " )
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|Such is the power of truth that even the slightest whisper of it can handily drown out the most boisterous of lies, which may explain why in many instances God only needs to whisper.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Creativity; Mindfulness Meditations|It was during the Renaissance that creativity was first seen, not as a matter of divine inspiration, but as a gift of a great learned man to imitate God’s ability to create. As Prometheus stole the fire of the Gods and brought it to the mankind, humanity needed to steal the secret of ‘creation’ from Gods and understand its essence.
Bill Hicks|Oh sorry, I was taking life seriously.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, One True Loves|You start to understand that grief is chronic. That it's more about remission and relapse than it is about a cure. What that means to you is that you can't simply wait for it to be over. You have to move through it, like swimming in an undertow.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t fall in love because it is slippery, fall in love to find yourself.
Henry Louis Gates Jr.|What a culture we live in, we are swimming in an ocean of information, and drowning in ignorance.
Michael Soll|The problem with thick skin is that it leaves you impervious to the sharpest of pins. Everything becomes dull. But without that sense of pain, there cannot be that sense of relief. Ultimately, the thickened skin leaves you numb, incapable of feeling the highs and lows of life. It leaves you rough like a rock and just as inanimate.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To know how glorious you are, it is only after your death.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Oh, Wax has always been solemn, but when he's at his best, there's a smirk underneath.
Ann Richards|I think a lot about when times were simpler, when I was still dancing and living with my parents. I really miss living at home sometimes. I get really sad.
G.S. Alag|... I will get a First Class Honors degree and I will become a scientist... And I know I can do this because I went to London on my own, and because I solved the mystery of Who Killed Wellington? and I found my mother and I was brave and I wrote a book and that means I can do anything.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|What other movement has ensured that young women have the rights that they have today? Feminism is responsable not only for the decline in violence against women over the last decade, but also for equal pay and rights legislation, reproductive justice, and the list goes on. So I'm more than a little suspicious of those who see women's advancement as a bad thing.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|I wanted to say "don't leave me," but I'm so tired of begging people to stay.
Juliette Benzoni, La Dame de Montsalvy|Ma couce... mon incomparable! T'aimer? Mais je t'ai adorée toute ma vie et je ne cesserai jamais de t'aimer? Jamais! Tant qu'il me restera une pensée, un souffle, je t'aimerais...
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Death, I had discovered long ago, was available in varying flavors, and none of them particularly palatable. 
Shannon L. Alder|Past memories strobed before him, flashes of joy blackened by the present. Reality teased, then beckoned, home likewise. Confusion dimmed, the answer clear. This could end. Would end. In one of two ways. Still he refused, not ready for either.
Michael     Ryan, New and Selected Poems|Consider A MoveThe steady time of being unknown,in solitude, without friends,is not a steadiness that sustains.I hear your voice waver on the 
Nikki Rowe|We are all in the same boat,boat of life. Does not seemto be a rudder with oarsman.Perhaps my words may find a path, path through currents and wateras we continue our journey onriver of life. -River of Life
David Miller|It's not about the language, it's about the message
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|Mom used to tell us stories of these bogeymen when we were kids, and Lizzy would crawl into my bed so she could fall asleep. Stories of the monsters who forced us underground, and when the force field faltered, would snatch us from our homes.
Anna Netrebko|Canada will be a strong country when Canadians of all provinces feel at home in all parts of the country, and when they feel that all Canada belongs to them.
Martha Grimes, Dust|Remember the great film with Bette Davis, All About Eve? There's a scene after the scheming Eve steals Margo's role through trickery & then gets this magnificent review. Margo of course is effing & blinding all over the place. And crying. Her director rushes into her house, puts his arms around her & says, "I ran all the way". That's what I want.
George Santayana|With you a part of me hath passed away; For in the peopled forest of my mind A tree made leafless by this wintry wind Shall never don again its green array. Chapel and fireside, country road and bay, Have something of their friendliness resigned; Another, if I would, I could not find, And I am grown much older in a day. But yet I treasure in my memory Your gift of charity, and young hearts ease, And the dear honour of your amity; For these once mine, my life is rich with these. And I scarce know which part may greater be,-- What I keep of you, or you rob from me.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|Television isn't any longer the only way to fame, all you need is the internet to break into the game
Dada Bhagwan|When you ‘oblige’ someone, things will happen according to your wishes, and if you harm someone, things will happen against your wishes.
فرید الدین عطار|A Drunkard accuses a Drunkard...A sot became extremely drunk - his legsAnd head sank listless, weighed by wine's thick dregs.A sober neighbour put him in a sackAnd took him homewards hoisted on his back.Another drunk went stumbling by the first,Who woke and stuck his head outside and cursed."Hey, you, you lousy dipsomaniac,"He yelled as he was borne off in the sack,"If you'd had fewer drinks, just two or three,You would be walking now as well as me.
Akansh Malik|Some people meet you for a reason, while others meet you to stay there in your life.
Ray Bradbury|But virtue, by the bare statement of its actions, can so affect men's minds as to create at once both admiration of the things done and desire to imitate the doers of them. The goods of fortune we would possess and would enjoy; those of virtue we long to practise and exercise. We are content to receive the former from others, the latter we wish others to experience from us. Moral good is a practical stimulus; it is no sooner seen, than it inspires an impulse to practice, and influences the mind and character not by a mere imitation which we look at, but by the statement of the fact creates a moral purpose which we form.
Dante Alighieri, Inferno|Hell was grey. Dim and lifeless... I felt numb and in pain at the same time and that was not supposed to happen in heaven. But you would think that with all the queers they had sent here since time began, hell would have a better decorating job.
Terry Eagleton|Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.
Mother Teresa, A Life For God: The Mother Teresa Reader|If you are joyful, do not worry about lukewarmness. Joy will shine in your eyes and in your look, in your conversation and in your countenance. You will not be able to hide it because joy overflows.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Poets often describe love as an emotion that we can't control, one that overwhelms logic and common sense. That's what it was like for me. I didn't plan on falling in love with you, and I doubt if oyu planned on fallin gin love with me. But once we met, it was clear that neither of us could control what was happening to us. We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has happened only once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.
Sunday Adelaja|But for many people, a huge part of the energy goes into the struggle with complexes, fear, worries, anxiety, and the energy cannot be used to achieve goals and dreams
Deirdre Morris, WHICH FERTILITY FORUM? 3 THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW TO CHOOSE THE BEST FORUM FOR YOUR PREGNANCY SUCCESS|Patriarchy doesn't get yet that 'hope' is a powerful force that drives creativity. Otherwise words like 'false' and 'hope' would never be forced into this unconscious coupling....Hope is not false. And never has been... Rather, hope is part of the often forgotten feminine contribution to the creative process.
Cormac McCarthy|Maybe she hated being out of control, knowing that someone or something else was dictating her fate. Because it's really not fair. A drunk driver runs a red light, and you end up dead. A guy in a movie theater coughs on you, and you catch some rare, fatal disease. You sit in class minding your own business, and there's the kid from sixth period holding a gun in his hand. Why should other people be in control? Why should someone else get to choose when you die?
Winston S. Churchill|Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened.
Francis Ray, A Dangerous Kiss|There are a lot of snobs out there who disregard these books (romance novels), but they fulfil a need. I am happy and fulfilled in what I am doing and readers love them. And why not? They are harmless and they are fun.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|The problem with certainty is that it is static; it can do little but endlessly reassert itself. Uncertainty, by contrast, is full of unknowns, possibilities, and risks. (65)
Reza Aslan, No god but God: The Origins, Evolution and Future of Islam|I'm a spiritual person, she said. "I believe in Allah, you know, though I don't always call It 'Allah' and I pray the way I want to pray. Sometimes I just look out at the stars and this love-fear thing comes over me, you know? And sometimes I might sit in a Christian church listening to them talk about Isa with a book of Hafiz in my hands instead of the hymnal. And you know what, Yusef? Sometimes, every once in a while, I get out my old rug and I pray like Muhammad prayed. I never learned the shit in Arabic and my knees are uncovered, but if Allah has a problem with that then what kind of Allah do we believe in?
A.J. Messenger, Guardian|Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God. Nor was it wise to tempt angels, even of the fallen sort.
Carrie Jones, Need|Zara.” He sighs. The wind bellows outside. “How can I make you understand this? I need your mom. If I don’t get her, more boys will die.”“That’s ridiculous.”“No, it’s just how it is.”I think for a second. “If that’s true, then why did Ian try to turn me?”He loses his composure. His face shifts into something worried, something almost human. “Did he kiss you?”“Almost. Betty killed him first.”He almost smiles. He pulls his hand through his hair. “Betty is fierce.”“Is that why you stay away when she’s here?”“Not even a pixie wants to tangle with a tiger.”He blows on the ember in his hand. It turns to dust.“You seem like you could handle almost anything,” I say.“This?” He smirks. “Parlor tricks.
Émile Durkheim, On Suicide: A Study in Sociology|Melancholy suicide. —This is connected with a general state of extreme depression and exaggerated sadness, causing the patient no longer to realize sanely the bonds which connect him with people and things about him. Pleasures no longer attract;
Saji Ijiyemi|Sales is my Religion and Customer is my God and I Worship Him, The only thing is that my God is not very happy n generous always.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|The last thing the hockey ball symbolized was Time itself, the unstoppability of it, the way we're chained to our bodies, which are chained to Time.
Edward Hirsch|When poetry separates from song, then the words have to carry all the rhythm themselves; they have to do all the work. They can't rely on the singing voice.
Sunday Adelaja|When you provide things for free to meet their needs and help them discover their skills, they automatically become your family
Ron Baratono|Can you imagine what it would be like to look into somebody's eyes and know that their destiny is so much greater than yours, that you will never compete? You will always be left behind.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We build a self-image from stored memories including a swarm of physical and social interactions, evocative emotions, and other associative experiences. Selfhood also comes from the language, symbols, and artifacts, which potent combinations create cultural beliefs. We build a self upon real as well as imaginary experiences. A person’s rational and irrational beliefs forge a sense of self. The books that we read, the music we listen to, the films we watch, and what church or other social gatherings we attend constitute meaningful activities that congeal and work together to shape our sense of identity. Cultural determinants drive how we work, play, worship, and raise our children. Culture has its own sources of reinforcement that can influence members of society to adopt an interdependent, communal sense of self, or an independent, individualistic sense of self. Culture is not fate, but none of us is immune from the great octopus of culture; its tentacles touch us every direction that we turn. Our self-identity is subtlety influenced by the prevailing political-social culture as well as affected by our perceived social status, economic or otherwise.
Wendy Kopp|In a very real way, ownership is the essence of leadership. When you are 'ridiculously in charge,' then you own whatever happens in a company, school, et cetera.
John Maynard Keynes|It is no crime to be ignorant of economics, which is, after all, a specialized discipline and one that most people consider to be a ‘dismal science.’ But it is totally irresponsible to have a loud and vociferous opinion on economic subjects while remaining in this state of ignorance.
Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory, Vol. 2|The smell slaps me sideways. Like when Mom grabs a container she forgot about from the back of the fridge and she says, “Here Mickey, smell this and see if it’s still good,” and I open it and take a whiff before noticing the fuzz. Like that.
Kriti Sanon|I don't follow sports that much now, but I was a Phoenix Suns fanatic in the early '90s.
Chris Van Allsburg|Christmas was the one time of year when my brothers surfaced at home, when my parents and grandparents congregated to eat my mother's roast turkey.
Jose Carreras|I have never had a problem with national service. I am not sure the draft is the way to go about it, but I am positive that you live in a society and you take from this society, which every citizen here does. You owe something back to this country, and that should be paid back in some form of national service.
Orison Swett Marden|The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
Elfriede Jelinek, The Piano Teacher|Edwin Land of Polaroid talked about the intersection of the humanities and science. I like that intersection. There's something magical about that place. There are a lot of people innovating, and that's not the main distinction of my career. The reason Apple resonates with people is that there's a deep current of humanity in our innovation. I think great artists and great engineers are similar in that they both have a desire to express themselves. In fact some of the best people working on the original Mac were poets and musicians on the side. In the seventies computers became a way for people to express their creativity. Great artists like Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo were also great art science. Michelangelo knew a lot about how to quarry stone, not just how to be a sculptor.
R. Queen, Darkchylde: The Ariel Chylde Saga|If you love something, love it completely, cherish it, say it, but most importantly, show it. Life is finite and fragile, and just because something is there one day, it might not be the next. Never take that for granted.Say what you need to say, then say a little more.Say too much. Show too much. Love too much.Everything is temporary but love.Love outlives us all.
Jay Samit|Everyone understands the European Union is a failure. It has not kept any of its promises - in particular about prosperity, security - and, worst of all, has put us under a guardianship.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|The roses started him thinking, how the oddity of them was beautiful and how that oddity was contrived to give them value. “It just struck me – clear and complete all at once – no long figuring about it.” He realized that children could be designed. “And I thought to myself, now that would a rose garden worthy of a man’s interest.”We children would smile and hug him and he would grin around at us and send the twins for a pot of cocoa from the drink wagon and me for a bag of popcorn because the red-haired girls would just throw it out when they finished closing the concession anyway. And we would all be cozy in the warm booth of the van, eating popcorn and drinking cocoa and feeling like Papa’s roses.
Wisdom Kwashie Mensah|A MOTHER is aMentor, who Over looks all your faults, a Trainer/Teacher, whoHaven't ceased in praying for you, anEndless counselor, sheRevere because she Reliable.
Islom Karimov|Character is power; it makes friends, draws patronage and support and opens the way to wealth, honor and happiness.
Chayada Welljaipet, Eternal Love|I imagine I should have told it to you before? I love you, Sejal.I wish for you to become my wife.Recently I’ve also opened a shop in North Dakota and thinking that, just maybe, you love me too.
Frederick Sanger|Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. A patriot shows their their patriotism through their actions, by their choice.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Why do people seek one and not the other? It is the majorities that are led and they normally follow those who can help them meet their ever-present and growing needs. Question is, do you possess the kind of solutions they want? Are you well positioned to reach them or to be reachable by those who can benefit from your solution to their challenges?
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Tree of Life|KUNDALINI DANCEDark and cold and wet were Her handsI felt Her chilly breath inside my throatHer claws deep inside trying to find traces ofFear within meI stayed still Accepting Opening ReceivingWithin a moment She was insideTwo fingers below My belly buttonIn there She found no traces of shiversno traces of resistance, no traces of weaknessjust clear pure Passage-WayThen She grew into Her most powerful SelfShe stood undisturbed, unmoved, unchangedTotally free and She screamedAAAAAUUUUUUMMMFrom the centre of the earth, Through the tunnels of the caves, To the surface of the volcanoesAAAAUUUUUUMMMMTo open: Mountain tops untouched by clouds and rainCherry fields in their full blossomA dog running after a train filled with the excitementA witch laughing at passers-by mirroring their paranoiaDeath looking us in the eyes searching for the chosen Few Capable to see the Key behind Her magic veil
John C. Maxwell|Mr. Miyazaki's specialty is taking a primal wish of kids, transporting them to a fantasyland, and then marooning them there. No one else conjures the phantasmagoric and shifting morality of dreams - that fascinating and frightening aspect of having something that seems to represent good become evil - in the way this master Japanese animator does.
Charles Bukowski|If u can't say the truth, don't lie...
Lisa Kinsella|I want to be remembered as a kid who went down fighting, and didn't really lose
Delilah|Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|I hate that would. Straight. At the very least, those of us who are nonstraight should get to be called curvy. Or scenic. Actually, I like that: 'Do you think she's straight?' 'Oh no. She's scenic.
Ferial Haffajee, What if there were no whites in South Africa?|The condition of the black race, their pain, their wounds, would in his mind become merged with his own: the absent father and the hint of scandal, a mother who had gone away, the cruelty of other children, the realization that he was no fair-haired boy -- that he looked like a 'wop'. Racism was part of that past, his instincts told him, part of convention and respectability and status, the smirks and whispers and gossip that had kept him on the outside looking in,
Sean Covey|Our confidence needs to come from within, not without. From the quality of our hearts, not the quantity of things we own. After all, he who dies with the most toys...still dies.
Georges Canguilhem, Ideology and Rationality in the History of the Life Sciences|To err is human, to persist in error is diabolical.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|Acknowledging that a woman's right to be safe from a gender-based attack was a "civil right," I believed, was critically important in changing the American consciousness. When a right reaches the status and categorization of a "civil right," it means the nation has arrived at a consensus that is nonnegotiable. Violence against women would no longer be written off ... Once our criminal justice system -- at the local, state and federal levels -- recognized these as serious and inexcusable crimes, women could stop blaming themselves.
Rebecca Walker, To Be Real: Telling the Truth and Changing the Face of Feminism|For many of us it seems that to be a feminist in the way that we have seen or understood feminism is to conform to an identity and way of living that doesn't allow for individuality, complexity, or less than perfect personal histories. We fear that the identity will dictate and regulate our lives, instantaneously pitting us against someone, forcing us to choose inflexible and unchanging sides, female against male, black against white, oppressed against oppressor, good against bad.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|The role of the Christian is to let other people know what Jesus has done, not to think of themselves as a member of an exclusive Heaven club.
Kelsey Brickl, Hardtack: A Civil War Story|The war dragged on, as wars tend to do.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|I have a free couple of hours," I told him, walking toward my car, which was parked on the next block. "There's a very private, very secluded barn in Lookout Hill Park behind the carousel. I could be there in fifteen minutes." I heard the smile in his voice. "You want me bad.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton hadn't changed, but he had. Maybe his old crush still hated him, but it shouldn't matter anymore. It didn't matter anymore. He was older, wiser and he had moved on. Jaxton was nothing more than an old high school crush.
Akira Himekawa, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time - Part 2|Madonna's- Justify My Love, follows us into the lounge, where several men, seated at the tables, eye us like hungry lions as we walk through. Tiger asked, "So, this is a WHOREhouse?""Actually, a gay BATHhouse. I hope you don't mind that I'm a little bit of a SLUT-puppy.""MIND? NO. You're MY HERO.
Melanie Houtman|Belief is where Magic, whether light or dark, is based on. Without belief, there is no Magic.
Judith McNaught, A Kingdom of Dreams|I find you in these tears, few, useless and here at last. Don't come back. 
Shannon Lee Alexander, Love and Other Unknown Variables|Scientifically, I know beginnings don't exist. The world is made of energy, which is neither created or destroyed. Everything she is was here before me. Everything she was will remain. Her existence touches both my past and my future at one point- infinity. Lifelines aren't lines at all. They are more like circles.Its safe to start anywhere and the story will curve its way back to the starting point. Eventually.In other words, it doesn't matter where I begin. It doesn't change the end.
K.J. Parker, Sharps|He turned away, and suddenly she thought about the old children's story, where the stupid girl opens the box that God gave her, and all the evils of the world fly out, except Hope, which stays at the bottom; and she wondered what Hope was doing in there in the first place, in with all the bad things. Then the answer came to her, and she wondered how she could've been so stupid. Hope was in there because it was evil too, probably the worst of them all, so heavy with malice and pain that it couldn't drag itself out of the opened box.
Rae Carson, The Shattered Mountain|In this world, the thing people fear the most, and what pains people the most— is giving more than they receive. God forbid I cut off more of my fingernail for you than you cut from your fingernail, for me! Heaven forbid I hold my breath in longer while thinking about you, than the amount of time your breath is held in for me! Not a second longer! It is sad fact of the human nature that there you stand as an Infinite Soul and yet your greatest fear is not receiving from another person in proportion to what you give. Your viewpoint is low, your vision is clouded. You have become, in your eyes, a funny little drawing on the paper pad of the universe. Indeed, this race is yet to evolve. And yet, I am surrounded by such fear, to such a great extent that I begin to fear the same!
Paresh Shah|Those who love you the most, let yo bend your notes
Rhys Darby|I've always been drawn to the Edwardian period in England. To me, it seems like such a fascinating time, when the British Empire was at the height of its powers and the strict mores of the Victorian age were dissipating into the decadence of King Edward's reign.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|His smile is a stranger resting on a haunted face, only coming out for poisons turning him into a ghost.
Joseph Abboud|I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then it's fine.
Kristy McNichol|I want my music to be accessible to every listener because I know that I really have something to say in terms of really, you know, removing thorns from people, thorns that really makes us unaware that we are bleeding with these thorns, like pain, grief, jealousy and so on.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|Hold back the edges of your gown, Ladies, we are going through hell.
Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe|It was a stretch to imagine that Barbara Walters might want to give it all up for Ed Couch, but Evelyn tried her hardest. Of course, even though she was not religious, it was a comfort to know that the Bible backed her up in being a doormat.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|[T]he real lie that advertising tells is not so much in what it shows, but in what it leaves out.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Acceptance does not mean accepting those who disregard humans on the basis of race, religion and sexual orientation.
Tobey Maguire|Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service.
Gus Van Sant|People would say you look weak if you're not cursing the opposition and driving around in a big black car while always wearing a tie. Above all, to be 'strong' you're always supposed to be giving orders.
Mark Wahlberg|My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|At the end of his life Buddha said: “I am still searching for truth.” This statement could be made by countless thousands of scientists, philosophers, and religious leaders throughout all history. However, Jesus Christ made the astounding claim: I am . . . the truth” [John 14:6]. He is the embodiment of all truth. The only answer to man’s search is found in Him.
Tanmaya Guru|I have a repository of knowledge, but I have no money, it means I have no respect.
Amit Chaudhuri, Calcutta: Two Years in the City|Food, the stoking-up process, the keeping alive of an individual flame, the process that begins before birth and is continued after it by the mother, and finally taken over by the individual himself, who goes on day after day putting an assortment of objects into a hole in his face without becoming surprised or bored.
Debasish Mridha|When you love someone, be sure that you will be loved in return.
Eleanor Roosevelt|There is a growing wave in this country of fear, and of intolerance which springs from fear. Sometimes it is a religious intolerance, sometimes it is a racial intolerance, but all intolerance grows from the same roots.
Julia Quinn, How to Marry a Marquis|... sometimes in life, you either laugh or you cry. And I prefer to laugh.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|Rob opened the door, and a tiny kitten ran out. It stopped to sniff Rob‟s ankle and arched its back, spitting tiny kitty defiance at him. Rob scooped it up. The tiny black bundle barely filled his palm. Dark as ink, the only mark on it was a tiny white spot between its eyes. Rob looked up from the kitten to meet Jamie‟s wide-eyed attempt at innocence. "There was a cat in my closet.""I can explain," Jamie offered.Rob returned to the bed. He dropped the kitten in Jamie‟s lap, causing it to poke unfortunate things with tiny needle claws."Damn!" Jamie yelped, grabbing the kitten and putting a sheet between his delicate parts and danger. "I took out the trash yesterday, and there she was almost buried in a snow bank shivering.""It was ninety degrees yesterday, and there is no snow." Rob sat down on the edge of the bed. "Aren‟t you supposed to hate cats?"Jamie cuddled the tiny creature in his hands. It wrestled with his fingers. "That‟s dogs. I‟m not a dog, I‟m a wolf. There might not have been a snow bank, but it was dirty and hungry and very sad.
Kenny Chesney|In the fairy tales, the poor girl smiles when she becomes a princess. Right now, I don't know if I'll ever smile again.
Sameh Elsayed|Don’t let them fool you and tell you goals has to be unified before any partnership agreement. Be carefully concerned about unifying your values and principles, after that all will run smoothly.
Fuyumi Soryo|And yet, anything real, anything strong, was never easy. She'd been taught from an early age that the things that mattered most were the hardest to obtain.
Jessica Steen|Jazz and poetry both involve a structure that may be familiar and to some extent predictable. And then, you try to create as much surprise and spontaneity and feeling and variation while respecting that structure.
James F. Cooper|We got government off the backs of the people of India, particularly off the backs of India's entrepreneurs. We introduced more competition, both internal competition and external competition. We simplified and rationalized the tax system. We made risk-taking much more attractive.
Mark Cowper-Smith|This is what people are talking about when they use words like grace.That moment, that morning, came vividly back to him whenever he thought of it. But soon suspicion set in. He understood well enough that life by very definition is upset, movement, agitation.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|Chorus of women: […] Oh! my good, gallant Lysistrata, and all my friends, be ever like a bundle of nettles; never let you anger slacken; the wind of fortune blown our way.
Bernie Mac|I'm a character and a sports entertainer and a wrestler, but I'm also a father and a husband and a provider.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|An old walrus-faced waiter attended to me; he had the knack of pouring the coffee and the hot milk from two jugs, held high in the air, and I found this entrancing, as if he were a child's magician. One day he said to me - he had some English - "Why are you sad?""I'm not sad," I said, and began to cry. Sympathy from strangers can be ruinous."You should not be sad," he said, gazing at me with his melancholy, leathery walrus eyes. "It must be the love. But you are young and pretty, you will have time to be sad later." The French are connoisseurs of sadness, they know all the kinds. This is why they have bidets. "It is criminal, the love," he said, patting my shoulder. "But none is worse.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Black Ice|They say that when you're about to die, your life flashes before your eyes. They never tell you that when you watch someone you once loved dying, hovering between this life and the next, it's twice as painful, because you're reliving two lives that traveled one road together.
Denham Sutcliffe|Good teaching gains its authority from having consistent and repeated support from multiple scriptural sources, and it builds a firm base for our unity and our confidence in Christ.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|It isn't possible to love and part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.
Matt Bellamy|I can understand the Chinese Wall: it was built as a defense against marauders. But a wall such as that in Berlin, built to prevent people from seeking freedom, is almost beyond comprehension.
Shane Carruth|I admit I do have some drawbacks and limitations as a candidate. Although I am a professional comedian, some of my critics maintain that this is not enough. I cannot deny that I stand before you untested and inexperienced - I only spent two years in television, never as a romantic lead or a song and dance man.
Amit Kalantri|When it comes to creating things, I compete with nature not with men.
Mita Jain, In Love of Honey, Money....and My Virgin Passport|Bucket had started his criminal career in Braas, not far from when Allan and his new friends now found themselves. There he had gotten together with some like-minded peers and started the motorcycle club called The Violence. Bucket was the leader; he decided which newsstand was to be robbed of cigarettes next. He was the one who has chosen the name- The Violence, in English, not swedish. And he was the one who unfortunately asked his girlfriend Isabella to sew the name of the motorcycle club onto ten newly stolen leather jackets. Isabella had never really learned to spell properly at school, not in Swedish, and certainly not in English.The result was that Isabella sewed The Violins on the jackets instead. As the rest of the club members had had similar academic success, nobody in the group noticed the mistake. So everyone was very surprised when one day a letter arrived for The Violins in Braas from the people in charge of the concert hall in Vaxjo. The letter suggested that, since the club obviously concerned itself with classical music, they might like to put in am appearance at a concert with the city’s prestigious chamber orchestra, Musica Viate.Bucket felt provoked; somebody was clearly making fun of him. One night he skipped the newsstand, and instead went into Vaxjo to throw a brick through the glass door of the concert hall. This was intended to teach the people responsible lesson in respect. It all went well, except that Bucket’s leather glove happened to follow the stone into the lobby. Since the alarm went off immediately, Bucket felt it would be unwise to try to retrieve the personal item in question.Losing the glove was not good. Bucket had traveled to Vaxjo by motorbike and one hand was extremely cold all the way home to Braas that night. Even worse was the fact that Bucket’s luckless girlfriend had written Bucket’s name and adress inside the glove, in case he lost it."For more quotes from the novel visit my blog: frommybooks.wordpress.com
Paige Tyler, In the Company of Wolves|He opened his mouth to order her to drop the MP5 she had aimed at him, but nothing would come out. It was like she'd robbed him of the ability to speak. Shooting her wasn't an option, though. And the idea of arresting her didn't make him feel any better.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|It was evident that he had nothing around him but the simplest necessaries, for everything that I remarked upon turned out to have been sent in on my account....Yet, having already made his fortune in his own mind, he was so unassuming with it that I felt quite grateful to him for not being puffed up.
Eric Rudolph, Between the Lines of Drift: The Memoirs of a Militant|There is no law by which to determine the superiority of nations; hence the vanity of the claim, and the idleness of disputes about it.
Adam Driver|I am a massive film geek, and I love movies.
William Gibson, Count Zero|Voodou isn’t like that. It isn’t concerned with notions of salvation and transcendence. What it’s about is getting things done. You follow me? In out system, there are many gods, spirits. Part of one big family, with all the virtues, all the vices. There’s a ritual tradition of communal manifestation, understand? Voodou says, there’s a God, sure, Gran Met, but He’s big, too big and too far away to worry Himself if your ass is poor, or you can’t get laid. Come on, man, you know how this works, it’s street religion, came out of dirt poor places a million years ago. Voodou’s like the street. Some duster chops out your sister, you don’t go camp on the Yakuza’s doorstep, do you? No way. You go to somebody, though, who can get the thing done. Right?
Jeaniene Frost|If I die, I will wait for you, do you understand? No matter how long. I will watch from beyond to make sure you live every year you have to its fullest, and then we’ll have so much to talk about when I see you again… (Bones)
Carl Sandburg|The drama is complete poetry. The ode and the epic contain it only in germ; it contains both of them in a state of high development, and epitomizes both.
Meg Howrey, The Cranes Dance|Avoiding life, avoiding making any concrete plans for your life--that's just one way you're pretending you can keep bad things from happening to you again.
Rushabh Patel|No, everybody's gotta learn, nobody's born knowin'. That Walter's as smart as he can be, he just gets held back sometimes because he has to stay out and help his daddy. Nothin's wrong with him. Naw, Jem, I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks." .... "That's what I thought too," he said at last, "when I was your age. If there's just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go out of their way to despise each other? Scout, I think I'm beginning to understand why Boo Radley's stayed shut up in the house all this time . . . it's because he wants to stay inside.
Robert Cecil|Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God; if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Once human beings had developed higher-order consciousness, they had the ability to see mental images projected onto surfaces and to experience afterimages.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|It flattered her, where she was most susceptible of flattery, to think how, wound about in their hearts, however long they lived she would be woven...
Kimberly Elkins, What Is Visible|What do we do if we come across trouble, sir?' Cahill asked, slapping at a fly. 'As much as I enjoy giving the rebel turds a walloping, it should be down to the Militia to keep the buggers in check.''They are doing their job,' Mullone said, glancing at a free-standing Celtic Cross that had once been a prominent feature beside the road, but was now strangled with weeds, besieged with dark moss and deeply pitted with age.'If you call plundering, fighting and torture work, sir.''You don't have much faith in the peace talks then, Seán?''No, sir. There's more chance of me taking holy orders and becoming the Pope than there is of peace,' Cahill replied. 'The negotiations that spout from the politicians mouths are nothing but wet farts.'-from Liberty or Death
Plutarch|Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. “For the mind does not require filling like a bottle, but rather, like wood, it only requires kindling to create in it an impulse to think independently and an ardent desire for the truth.
Deyth Banger|I wanna to ask that fat and glassy guy... Famous as GreenHollyWood, first of all (HELLO (I wanna and gonna be polite!)...AS second, what are you trying to show us?To be stupid and so far the doors are open for stupidity or to show us what's not right... so far you aren't preparing us for the world. The world is beyond your imagination and your thoughts, sounds, sad (but that's a fact), facts are sad!?
Mark D'Arbanville, The Naked Husband|I detested their blind, thoughtless, automatic acquiescence to it all, their simpleminded patriotism, their prideful ignorance, their love-it-or-leave-it platitudes, how they were sending me off to a war they didn't understand and didn't want to understand. I held them responsible. By God, yes, I did. All of them - I held them personally and individually responsible - the polyestered Kiwanis boys, the merchants and the farmers, the pious churchgoers, the chatty housewives, the PTA and the Lions club and the Veterans of Foreign Wars and the fine outstanding gentry out at the country club. They didn't know Bao Dai from the man in the moon. They didn't know history. They didn't know the first thing about Diem's tyranny, or the nature of Vietnamese nationalist, or the long colonialism of the French - this was all too damn complicated, it required some reading - but no matter, it was a war to stop the Communists, plain and simple, which was how they liked things, and you were a treasonous pussy if you had second thoughts about killing or dying for plain and simple reasons.
Irène Némirovsky, Suite Française|Heureux sont ceux qui peuvent aimer et haïr sans feinte, sans détour, sans nuance.
Sunday Adelaja|The commendable efforts of preachers to Europe is that Superstition regarding work and wealth was broken. Everybody now knows that wealth comes only from hard work, not from some superstitious beliefs.
Vito Russo|If we were really to see one another as brothers and sisters, there would be no basis for division, cheating and exploitation among us.
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost|It looks like something out of Whittier's "Snowbound,"' Julia said. Julia could always think of things like that to say.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|If I have only one coin left in the world, I will buy a rose to propose to you.
Debasish Mridha|In life, storms come not to hurt you but to make you stronger.
Steve Jobs|Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.
Azzedine Alaia|Basically I wake up in the morning and I think everything's going to be great. I'm really kind of optimistic, and I look forward to a new day. I pick up 'The New York Times,' and I look at the front page and realize that once again I'm wrong. I start to fixate on stuff.
Paul Gibbons, Reboot Your Life: A 12-day Program for Ending Stress, Realizing Your Goals, and Being More Productive|Be the author, not the reader, of your own life.
Pat Spence|I can feel him step close, then his hands lay on my shoulders, and they burn in the most delicious way, only reminding me how dangerous Benjamin is to me, to my soul. How fast I would get lost in him, only to end up with a broken heart when I could not be the woman he expected me to be.
Rick Riordan, Camp Half-Blood Confidential|Usually I give demigods something simple like a shopping trip, singing a funny song, that sort of thing. After all those labors I had to complete for my evil cousin Eurystheus, well...I don't want to be that guy, you know?
Jay Woodman|I don't mind what you call yourself, so long as your heart is being true to you.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And so it is with our own past. It is a labour in vain to recapture it: all the efforts of our intellect must prove futile. The past is hidden somewhere outside the realm, beyond the reach of intellect, in some material object (in the sensation which that material object will give us) which we do not suspect. And as for that object, it depends on chance whether we come upon it or not before we ourselves must die.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Astride of a grave and a difficult birth.Down in the hole, lingeringly, the grave digger puts on the forceps.We have time to grow old.The air is full of our cries.But habit is a great deadener.At me too someone is looking, of me too someone is saying, He is sleeping, he knows nothing.Let him sleep on.
CeeLo Green|For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service.
Sylvester Stallone|My mom cleaned toilets for a long time, and she'd seen a lot of terrible things, but she was still the strength of our family. And there are women like that all across the country - all around the world - who show that type of fortitude.
Jim Brown|We travel to learn; and I have never been in any country where they did not do something better than we do it, think some thoughts better than we think, catch some inspiration from heights above our own.
Henrietta Newton Martin|There are different churches because men wanted to interpret the Bible to their favour and which conflicts with the next person's interpretation. These led to people starting different churches, that ministers what they interpret as right.
Roger Zelazny, The Dead Man's Brother|He was Antinous, wild. You would have said, seeing the thoughtful reflection of his eye, that he had already, in some preceding existence, been through the revolutionary apocalypse. He knew its tradition like an eyewitness. He knew every little detail of that great thing.A pontifical and warrior nature, strange in a youth. He was officiating and militant; from the immediate point of view, a soldier of democracy; above the movement of the time, a priest of the ideal.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If God is for you, nothing can stand against you
Ilchi Lee, Brain Wave Vibration: Getting Back Into the Rhythm of a Happy, Healthy Life|Good memory skill is the offspring of good focus. If you find yourself becoming a little forgetful, it is probably not because there is something wrong with your brain. Rather, it is simply because your mind is too cluttered to allow things to stick.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|Our sense of the full range of human nature, like our diet, has been steadily reduced. No matter how nourishing it might be, anything wild gets pulled - though as we'll see, some of the weeds growing in us have roots reaching deep into our shared past. Pull them if you want, but they'll just keep coming back again and again.
Sami Abouzid|The more you create great music, the more it makes eager to create more and more
Shawn Keenan, The Intern's Tale|I can't believe this heat," Abbey said, taking her tunic and pulling it over her head. Underneath was a form-fitting top that showed a figure unaccustomed to idleness or excess. Kip stared at her the way he had at the shiney curves of the steel horse back in the garage. "Can you imagine what it must have been like hundreds of years ago, when weather changed just a few times a year?" she said, wiping sweat from her brow with the back of her hand. "Yeah, it must have looked great," Kip said. "What do you mean looked great?" Abbey said, turning her eye on Kip. "Must have been great, like you said," he corrected.
Charles Jencks|If people want to see Beaux-Arts, it's fine with me. I'm interested in good architecture as anybody else.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|It seemed as though, being the only two people in this small, closed-in space, we couldn't help but have a relationship, and if we couldn't help but have a relationship, I felt that it was important to be upset now so that he would not shift the blame to me in the future.
Lorde|You arrive at Formula One being very skeptical, how far can your talent deal with all this, and then you understand those guys are human and pretty reasonable, and finally succeeding in winning your first race, in circumstance as such, it was just an amazing moment.
Justin Kyle McFarlane Beau|Never once, did Christ ever utter, "I came here to start a religion"Early Christians did not worship items, relics, wars, or governments.
Colm Tóibín, The Master|Usually when I enter a bookstore, I feel immediately calm. Bookstores are, for me, what churches are for other people. My breath gets slower and deeper as I peruse the shelves. I believe that books contain messages I am meant to receive. I’m not normally superstitious, but I’ve even had books fall from shelves and land at my feet. Books are my missives from the universe.
A.D. Posey|At the end of your story, you get down to the purity of it all. It’s like distilling something.
Stephen King, Dreamcatcher|He will be with his friends, and that always feels like coming home.
John R. Stilgoe|The whole concatenation of wild and artificial things, the natural ecosystem as modified by people over the centuries, the build environment layered over layers, the eerie mix of sounds and smells and glimpses neither natural nor crafted- all of it is free for the taking, for the taking in. Take it, take it in, take in more every weekend, every day, and quickly it becomes the theater that intrigues, relaxes, fascinates, seduces, and above all expands any mind focused on it. Outside lies utterly ordinary space open to any casual explorer willing to find the extraordinary. Outside lies unprogrammed awareness that at times becomes directed serendipity. Outside lies magic.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Most people throughout the world, not just inNewport Beach, care more about their faces, their boobs, their bellies, their butts, andtheir abs than they do their brains. But it is your brain that is the key to having the face,the breasts, the belly, the butt, the abs, and the overall health you have always wanted;and it is brain dysfunction, in large part, that ruins our bodies and causes prematureaging.
John Geiger|Knowledge is not necessary for obedience, nor doth information replace faith. El hast commanded. We shall obey
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are the product of our past. We start each day where we left off the day before. Changing the way we dress, where we work and live, or even changing a name does not alter our basic constitution. Transformation of the self requires a radical alteration in the way that we perceive the world and derive meaning.
Criss Jami|Everybody knows basically what is right and what is wrong. Everybody knows better than to hate others. In fact, most people teach against it, and yet we still see it on the daily. But why do you think that is? It is because the problem was never really humans not loving humans enough; the problem was humans not loving righteousness enough. We must empty our own love for the world so that it can be replaced by the love of Christ; only then will we begin to love people as Christ loves people, as He always intended.
Sarah Brownlee|It is a proper and excellent thing for infinite glory to shine forth; and for the same reason, it is proper that the shining forth of God's glory should be complete; that is, that all parts of his glory should shine forth, that every beauty should be proportionably effulgent, that the beholder may have a proper notion of God.”	Thus it is necessary, that God's awful majesty, his authority and dreadful greatness, justice, and holiness, should be manifested. But this could not be, unless sin and punishment had been decreed; so that the shining forth of God's glory would be very imperfect, both because these parts of divine glory would not shine forth as the others do, and also the glory of his goodness, love, and holiness would be faint without them; nay, they could scarcely shine forth at all.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself and in no instance bypass the discriminations of reason? You have been given the principles that you ought to endorse, and you have endorsed them. What kind of teacher, then, are you still waiting for in order to refer your self-improvement to him? You are no longer a boy, but a full-grown man. If you are careless and lazy now and keep putting things off and always deferring the day after which you will attend to yourself, you will not notice that you are making no progress, but you will live and die as someone quite ordinary. From now on, then, resolve to live as a grown-up who is making progress, and make whatever you think best a law that you never set aside. And whenever you encounter anything that is difficult or pleasurable, or highly or lowly regarded, remember that the contest is now: you are at the Olympic Games, you cannot wait any longer, and that your progress is wrecked or preserved by a single day and a single event. That is how Socrates fulfilled himself by attending to nothing except reason in everything he encountered. And you, although you are not yet a Socrates, should live as someone who at least wants to be a Socrates.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|I can think of few better ways to introduce a child to books than to let her stack them, upend them, rearrange them, and get her fingerprints all over them.
Charles Caleb Colton|No company is preferable to bad. We are more apt to catch the vices of others than virtues, as disease is far more contagious than health.
Virginia Alison|I want to apologize to you,” she says calmly.“Oh yeah? For what?” I don’t have time for this. We don’t have time for this. I push away thoughts of what will happen to Hana even if I manage to escape. She’ll be here, in the house . . .My stomach is clenching and unclenching. I’m worried the bread will come straight back up. I have to stay focused. What happens to Hana isn’t my concern, and it isn’t my fault, either.“For telling the regulators about 37 Brooks,” she says. “For telling them about you and Alex.”Just like that, my brain powers down. “What?"“I told them.” She lets out a tiny exhalation, as though saying the words has given her relief. “I’m sorry. I was jealous.”I can’t speak. I’m swimming through a fog. “Jealous?” I manage to spit out.“I—I wanted what you had with Alex. I was confused. I didn’t understand what I was doing.” She shakes her head again.I have a swinging, seasick feeling. It doesn’t make any sense. Hana—golden girl Hana, my best friend, fearless and reckless. I trusted her. I loved her. “You were my best friend.”“I know.” Again she looks troubled, as though trying to recall the meaning of the words.“You had everything.” I can’t stop my voice from rising. The anger is vibrating, ripping through me like a live current. “Perfect life. Perfect grades. Everything.” I gesture to the spotless kitchen, to the sunshine pouring over the marble counters like drizzled butter. “I had nothing. He was my one thing. My only—” The sickness surges up and I take a step forward, clenching my fists, blind with rage. “Why couldn’t you let me have it? Why did you have to take it? Why did you always take everything?
Kate Brian, Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys|Give a boy - ANY boy - enough time, and he WILL eventually pick his nose!
Wynn Davis|Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is in the doing, not the getting - in the trying, not the triumph.
Brian L. Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping into the Power of Love|Understand the nature and influence of repeating patterns, from childhood experiences or even from past lives. Wthout understanding, patterns tend to repeat, unnecessarily damaging the relationship.
Anonymous|Chaos is the law of nature, order is the dream of man...
J. Devau, Theory of the Atheist: Record One of the Alias Wars|Calm is good, passivity not to much. Calm is always a basic inner attitude that makes it possible to concentrate and act purposefully. But passivity suggest an element of denial. Passive people refuse to take initiatives and to exploit stimuli. They sit and wait - without strength, defiant or rigid from shock - in whatever their situation is and prefer to suffer considerably from their plight rather than trying to change something. This includes boredom and even bad relationships.
G-Eazy|Until the Eighties, Oslo was a rather boring town, but it's changed a lot, and is now much more cosmopolitan. If I go downtown, I visit the harbour to see the tall ships and the ferries, and to admire the modern architecture such as the Opera House or the new Astrup Fearnley Museum on the water's edge.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|In a rich moonlit garden, flowers open beneath the eyes of entire nations terrified to acknowledge the simplicity of the beauty of peace.
Nova Ren Suma, Imaginary Girls|They forgot who she was: Something fantastic we could never explain. Someone better and bolder than every one of us. Someone to paint murals and build bridges for. Someone worth every ounce of our love. Someone powerful, but in the end not powerful enough.
Taylor Swift|To me, “FEARLESS” is not the absence of fear. It’s not being completely unafraid. To me, FEARLESS is having fears. FEARLESS is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, FEARLESS is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. FEARLESS is falling madly in love again, even though you’ve been hurt before. FEARLESS is walking into your freshmen year of high school at fifteen. FEARLESS is getting back up and fighting for what you want over and over again… even though every time you’ve tried before, you’ve lost. It’s FEARLESS to have faith that someday things will change. FEARLESS is having the courage to say goodbye to someone who only hurts you, even if you can’t breathe without them. I think it’s FEARLESS to fall for your best friend, even though he’s in love with someone else. And when someone apologizes to you enough times for things they’ll never stop doing, I think it’s FEARLESS to stop believing them. It’s FEARLESS to say “you’re NOT sorry”, and walk away. I think loving someone despite what people think is FEARLESS. I think allowing yourself to cry on the bathroom floor is FEARLESS. Letting go is FEARLESS. Then, moving on and being alright…That’sFEARLESS too. But no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. You have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. That’s why I write these songs. Because I think love is FEARLESS.
Sadhguru|The most beautiful moments in life are moments when you are expressing your joy, not when you are seeking it.
Jus Accardo, Touch|She knows herself to be at the mercy of events, and she knows by now that events have no mercy.
Jonathan Tropper|This was 1991, remember. We didn't have the Internet. So, as teenagers, we lived on the phone. There was no webcamming, no social networking. We dreamt simply of having our own personal phone lines one day, along with uninterrupted hours to talk, and we rarely got that. No matter who we were talking to, no matter how private the conversation, parents picked up the phone accidentally, siblings demanded their time. The introduction of call waiting made all of this even worse, as it allowed aunts and uncles and people you didn't even know to butt in. This is part of why we talked so late in the night, Lindy and I, all of us teens. This is why we looked so pale in our grunge clothes. These night hours were the only times we felt we could tell the truth without danger, the only times we could live separately from our parents while still inside of their homes. There were no cell phones. No private text messages. It was simple one on one conversation and, if it was any good at all, you had to whisper.
Liam Payne|I laugh at what I used to think was cool when I was growing up. In all seriousness, I thought having braces was cool.
Eraldo Banovac|Curiosity is crucial for innovation. We are all born curious, but only a small number of people remain curious for a lifetime.
Ankit Rawat|For those regarded as warriors...When engaged in combat, the vanquishing of thine enemy can be the warrior’s only concern. Suppress all human emotion and compassion. Kill whoever stands in thy way, even if that be Lord God or Buddha himself. This truth lies at the heart of the art of combat.
Sheri Kaye Hoff|I began to realize how important it is to be able to know your gifts and dreams, to live in the moment, to work less hard and to let things flow. I embraced the fact that worry never is a good thing. I learned that I could control my thoughts, which then affects my feelings and the quality of my life.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Sometimes I think that wisdoms slip from my mind like drool from the lips of an idiot...Where's all this stuff coming from? Is it any good? Any good in, you know, the wisdom sense? Who am I to spout this stuff anyway?Well, here's the thing. You too can find yourself shedding wisdom like cat hair if you only allow yourself the liberty of introspection.Think about what you alone know that no one else does. That one neat wonderful profound insight. It is fully yours. No one else on this planet of about six billion people understands it like you do.Now, see if you can share it with someone. Bestow it, a gift of yourself.Wisdom is like gossip. Except it's the good kind.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|Friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of regard
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|I am sure that I am in possession of a soul that is at the very least, a thousand years old. And I say this not on a whim; I say this as someone who is sure of something, who is not thinking fancifully but who is thinking solidly and fully. So why is it that I am childlike and playful? There is only one answer to this, and that is, after existing for a very long time, one learns the skill of retaining childlikeness and the state of childlikeness, which is called playfulness. The immature are not childlike and they are not playful; rather, they are manipulative and insecure. Manipulation is the game of the immature and insecurity is their state of being. I’m saying this because I want to draw the great distinction in the sand very clearly. The older your soul becomes, the more childlike it will be in texture. But we only make playtime out of small and joyful things; there is no playtime when it comes to bravery, honesty, and trust.
Eva Green|I need a teacher quite as much as Helen. I know the education of this child will be the distinguishing event of my life, if I have the brains and perseverance to accomplish it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|People took such awful chances with chemicals and their bodies because they wanted the quality of their lives to improve. They lived in ugly places where there were only ugly things to do. They didn't own doodley-squat, so they couldn't improve their surroundings. so they did their best to make their insides beautiful instead.
Abhijit Naskar|Should you wish to pursue the infinity of truth, you must make yourself humble as ashes and vigorous as the wind.
David Fitzgerald|If Jesus had been an actual historical figure we have a thorny paradox. Either this Jesus was a remarkable individual who said and did a host of amazing, revolutionary things – but no one outside his fringe cult noticed for over a century. Or he didn’t – and yet shortly after his death, tiny communities of worshipers that cannot agree about the most basic facts of his life spring up, scattered all across the empire. The truth is inescapable: there simply could never have been a historical Jesus.
Hermann Hesse, The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse|He brooded on how close destruction always was to all creatures, animals as well as humans, and he realized that there is nothing we can predict or know for certain in this world except death.
Donald Harington|If you are destined to become a writer, you can't help it. If you can help it, you aren't destined to become a writer. The frustrations and disappointments, not even to mention the unspeakable loneliness, are too unbearable for anyone who doesn't have a deep sense of being unable to avoid writing.
Tammy Bruce|The Vice-Presidency is sort of like the last cookie on the plate. Everybody insists he won't take it, but somebody always does.
F. Sionil Jose|Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them.
Mary Balogh, Someone to Love|But marriage is forever.''Oh, not really,' he assured her. 'Only until one of us dies.'Her eyes widened. 'I do not want you to die,' she said.'Perhaps you will go first,' he said, 'though I rather think I hope not. I would probably have grown accustomed to you by then and would miss you.
Andrew Vachss|If love would die along with death, this life wouldn't be so hard.
James E. Faust|To gain strength in our struggles, we must have a positive perspective of the principles in the plan of salvation. We must realize that we have a personal Savior whom we can trust and turn to in our times of need.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|And then the sword came down like a flash of lightning, and then her head was off her body and the long rivalry between me and the other Boleyn girl was over.
Doreen Orion, Queen of the Road: The True Tale of 47 States, 22,000 Miles, 200 Shoes, 2 Cats, 1 Poodle, a Husband, and a Bus with a Will of Its Own|I lean back and tilt my head so all I see are the clouds in the sky. I'm looking back inside my head with my eyes wide open. I still don't know where I'm going; I decided I'm not crazy or alien. It's just that I'm more like one of those kids they find in remote jungles or forests []. A wolf child. And they've dragged me into this fucking schizo-culture, snarling and spitting and walking around on curled knuckles.
Jess Row|It appears, at least from my perspective, that each and every position in Jiu Jitsu regardless of the seeming complexity is really governed by no more than a handful of minimum viable products. Pursue to understand these essentials, and you will see that complexity is a myth perpetuated by lack of understanding, and it is this understanding which is possible for each of us.
Lee Haney|You need to put what you learn into practice and do it over and over again until it's a habit. I always say, 'Seeing is not believing. Doing is believing.' There is a lot to learn about fitness, nutrition and emotions, but once you do, you can master them instead of them mastering you.
Vikas Swarup|In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Robert Osborne|I love making movies, and being in any that I can be in. I'd like to be in those giant movies, as the fifth or sixth lead, and have three or four killer scenes. You don't have the responsibility of the entire movie being on you. I like those roles. I'm shooting for the middle.
Finn Marlowe, A Thread of Deepest Black|When the power of the shift rips the human body apart and transforms it into its new shape, there lives a second, less than a second, a mere shimmer of time when the mind is without a home, no body to call its own. Existence is painless in there, nothing but formlessness beyond understanding. A secret place, it contains nothing but the essence of self, a lost self. In the fire of pain, Colton found a whisper of that place, its ghost, its echo, and from that echo he withdrew a thread of deepest black.
|It's so strange how one day you can be on this earth, and the next day not.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Feelings don't have logic, hence one must not question Why & How!
Ludovico Ariosto|I write what I like to read, and I enjoy love triangles in YA and adult fiction - not to mention in other media like TV, opera, theatre, and even in video games! I relish when dark and compelling characters compete for our protagonist's heart. The doubts, the uncertainty - the jealousy! - can be breathtaking.
P. Wish, The Doppelgänger|It's all about the spirit. Every man, woman and child should be seen as a spirit first, before anything else. We are all spirits in the first instance.
Hamza Yusuf, Purification of the Heart: Signs, Symptoms and Cures of the Spiritual Diseases of the Heart|I passed by General Zia's tomb and knew that I never would have become Muslim if I was raised in this country [Pakistan]. As a rebellious American adolescent, I had chosen Islam because it was the religion of Malcolm X, a language of resistance against unjust power. But in Pakistan, Islam was the unjust power, or at least part of what kept the machine running. Pakistan's Islam was guilty of everything for which I had rebelled against Reagen-Falwaell Christianity of America.
Joy Fielding|Through Love all that is bitter will be sweet, Through Love all that is copper will be gold, Through Love all dregs will become wine, through Love all pain will turn to medicine.
Mensah Oteh|Your potential is hidden in what you are yet to do, not what you have already done.
|If attention was a product on the market, a lot of people would spend their entire savings on it.
Nahoko Uehashi, Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit|And Nurd, who had never had a mother and father, and who had never loved or been loved, marvelled at the ways in which feeling so wonderful could also leave one open to so much pain. In a strange way, he envied Samuel even that. He wanted to care about someone so much that it could hurt.
Bruce Jenvey|And to do something that helps your coven survive, even after your own death, is the greatest gift you can possibly give them…”--Angela from Angela’s Coven
Donald Trump|I was in enough to get along with people. I was never socially inarticulate. Not a loner. And that saved my life, saved my sanity. That and the writing. But to this day I distrust anybody who thought school was a good time. Anybody.
A.E. Samaan|Crushed sandstone sifted through Caleb’s fingers, insubstantial as dust. A breeze caught the debris mid-fall and spirited it away before it could join the ashes blanketing the ground. He stopped in the middle of what had once been a street, his arms pulled in at his sides, his fists balled in barely restrained fury.
Eric Hoffer|Even the sober desire for progress is sustained by faith—faith in the intrinsic goodness of human nature and in the omnipotence of science. It is a defiant and blasphemous faith, not unlike that held by the men who set out to build a "city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven" and who believed that "nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
A.M. Homes|Rest, Recreated, Refreshed and Refuel!
Steven E. Landsburg|I was not much afraid of punishment, I was only afraid of disgrace.But that I feared more than death, more than crime, more than anything in the world. I should have rejoiced if the earth had swallowed me up and stifled me in the abyss. But my invincible sense of shame prevailed over everything . It was my shame that made me impudent, and the more wickedly I behaved the bolder my fear of confession made me. I saw nothing but the horror of being found out, of being publicly proclaimed, to my face, as a thief, as a liar, and slanderer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the future, you will always encounter the past!
Stephen Richards|The principle of vis inertiae (...) seems to be identical in physics and metaphysics. It is not more true in the former, that a large body is with more difficulty set in motion than a smaller one, and that its subsequent momentum is commensurate with this difficulty, than it is, in the latter, that intellects of the vaster capacity, while more forcible, more constant, and more eventful in their movements than those of inferior grade, are yet the less readily moved, and more embarrassed, and full of hesitation in the first few steps of their progress
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Faith has won it! Fear has lost it! When you get full of faith, the devil gets filled with fear! Keep your faith in light every day and you will keep the devil in fright always!
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|This is it. This is how I always saw heaven, always by the sea, always by night, always in the dark.
Michelle Franklin, Recollection of Shared Days: Stories of Celebration|The unconscious fabric of human destiny had done with her, unraveling all her grievances and reweaving them as joyous circumstance.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|The sexual act without love never bridges the gap between two human beings, except momentarily.
Michael Keaton|It's amazing to me that we live in such a wonderful country where anyone can have a problem in life and get up, dust themselves off and start all over again.
Kathy Petrakis, Passion and Pain|All my life I've been fascinated by the precipice in all of us. When you come to it, you either choose to fall or you don’t --Alvin Ailey
Joey W. Hill, Afterlife|I’m either with you forever, or I’m not. I’m not into games or fucking around. I’ve had enough experience to know what to hold onto when I get it.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|Learning how not to do things is as hard as learning how to do them. Harder, maybe. There'd be a sight more frogs in this world if I didn't know how not to turn people into them. And big pink balloons, too.
Nikki Rowe|Love is anything but safe, it's wild and raw and will rip at your heart strings but once you've tasted it for the very first time it becomes like an addiction feeling nostalgia when seperated for another beating heart & before them you question where you called home.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|He was welcome everywhere he went, and was well-aware of his inability to tolerate solitude. He felt no inclination to be alone and avoided it as far as possible; he didn't really want to become any better acquainted with himself. He knew that if he wanted to show his talents to best advantage, he needed to strike sparks off other people to fan the flames of warmth and exuberance in his heart. On his own he was frosty, no use to himself at all, like a match left lying in its box.
Robbie Williams|Of course, screwed up families are not the exclusive province of the famous. Still, most families get to screw up in private.
Taylor Swift|Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
E. O. Wilson|Every large brand has franchisees and stores that don't make it. It's unfortunate, and Cold Stone did everything it could to support its franchisees, but some failure rate is part of the business.
Joseph D'Lacey, Black Feathers|He had read about evil in Efanor's little book, and how it permeated the doings of Men, but he had never foud such doings evil, rather good and bad...but none without self-interest, none he could not understand even in terms of his own will to have his way.
Joe Baca|Neoliberalism considers the discourse of equality, justice, and democracy quaint, if not dangerous and must be either trivialized, turned into its Orwellian opposite, or eviscerated from public life.
C.G. Jung, Psychology and Religion|There is no Archimedean point from which to judge, since the psyche is indistinguishable from its manifestations. The psyche is the object of psychology, and -fatally enough- also its subject. There is no getting away from this fact."Psychology and Religion" (1938). In CW 11: Psychology and Religion: West and East. P.8
Barry Hughart|Little girls have large maternal instincts, and they take the Feast of Hungry Ghosts very seriously, and they were making their rounds with small lanterns made from candles inside rolled lotus and sage leaves. I could feel ghosts all around us, moving toward the warmth of the sweet singing voices: You are not alone, the girls sang, you are not forgotten, we care and understand, our own lives are but a candle flame from yours.
Ulysses S. Grant|The framers of our Constitution firmly believed that a republican government could not endure without intelligence and education generally diffused among the people. The Father of his Country, in his Farewell Address, uses this language: Promote, then, as an object of primary importance, institutions for the general diffusion of knowledge. In proportion as the structure of a government gives force to public opinion, it is essential that public opinion should be enlightened.
Steven Weinberg|I'm offended by the kind of smarmy religiosity that's all around us, perhaps more in America than in Europe, and not really that harmful because it's not really that intense or even that serious, but just... you know after a while you get tired of hearing clergymen giving the invocation at various public celebrations and you feel, haven't we outgrown all this? Do we have to listen to this?
John Keats|I have been astonished that men could die martyrsfor their religion--I have shuddered at it,I shudder no more.I could be martyred for my religion.Love is my religionand I could die for that.I could die for you.My Creed is Love and you are its only tenet.
Tim Tebow|Whatsoever is done out of pure love, be it ever so little or contemptible in the sight of men, is wholly fruitful; for God measures more with how much love one worketh, than the amount he doeth.
Jimmy Carter|That is the one thing that makes me a Democrat, I suppose - this idea that our communal values, our sense of mutual responsibility and social solidarity, should express themselves not just in the church or the mosque or the synagogue; not just on the blocks where we live, in the places where we work, or within our own families; but also through our government.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The transience of humanity frames the tragedy of all people. There are no happy conclusions to life, we all die, and until we die, we will experience both happiness and pain. Acceptance of the tragedy of humankind without remorse is a shattering experience; it enables us to relinquish mawkish misconceptions, destructive obsessions, and crippling attachments. Only by accepting the tragedy of life as an integral part of the incandescent beauty of life, will I understand what it means to rejoice in the indelible bloom of life.
Isabella Rogge, Exhaled: A Novella|Without a purpose, schools are houses of detention, not attention
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Normance|...she robbed me blind, the bitch!...and she's still at it! everyone who's ever done me wrong, robbed me, repudiated me, pillaged me has never suffered...and never will suffer! you could call it their reward!...robbing me brings you good luck!
Maurice Suwa, The Lamb's Epistle: The Living Lord's Final Word to a Dying World|...I have a theory about why and how all this has happened to you.Instead of having to earn it, you have been handed the presidency, the same way you've come by everything else in your life. Money and name alone have opened every door for you. Without effort or hard work or intelligence, or ingenuity, you have been bequeathed a life of privilege...So it's no wonder you think you deserved to be named President. You didn't earn it or win it- therefore it must be yours!
Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything|The tree was so old, and stood there so alone, that his childish heart had been filled with compassion; if no one else on the farm gave it a thought, he would at least do his best to, even though he suspected that his child's words and child's deeds didn't make much difference. It had stood there before he was born, and would be standing there after he was dead, but perhaps, even so, it was pleased that he stroked its bark every time he passed, and sometimes, when he was sure he wasn't observed, even pressed his cheek against it.
Maria Reeves|For the writer, the process of writing a novel is like getting an advanced copy of a book you'd really like to read.
Virginia McKevitt|If you believe it, is it real, or is it real because you believe it?
Jeanette Coron|Such is the dilemma of the atheist. Who to thank? It’s a terrible condition, to feel one’s heart swelling with the wonders of our world and yet have nobody to thank for it. It makes a man feel thwarted.
Elizabeth Gilbert|God dwells within you, as you.
Pope Francis, The Name of God is Mercy|Sin is more than a stain. Sin is a wound; it needs to be treated, healed. The place where my encounter with the mercy of Jesus takes place is my sin.
Mark Hyman|I recycle. I have a house in the south of France and I have a small garden. My name is Dujardin - 'from the garden.' I grow carrots, peppers, strawberries, green beans, and things for salads, but there are lots of wild boars all around and they steal the food.
Samuel Beckett, Krapp's Last Tape & Embers|I asked her to look at me and after a few moments - (pause) - after a few moments she did, but the eyes just slits, because of the glare I bent over her to get them in the shadow and they opened. (Pause. Low) Let me in.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|Feel whatever arises fully, and then let go of any identification with what you’re feeling. You are at choice. You don’t have to go through another moment of suffering. Break free from the societal constructs that say, 'Life is meant to be a challenge.' This is not true. You have the capacity to become the observer of your emotional reactions and check in with your heart each time, to respond from love and compassion. This is the key to becoming liberated from the bonds of emotional suffering.
Al Gore, Earth in the Balance: Ecology and the Human Spirit|We can believe in the future and work to achieve it and preserve it, or we can whirl blindly on, behaving as if one day there will be no children to inherit our legacy. The choice is ours; the earth is in balance.
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|Be happy that after living so many lives, I finally found something to die for
Pierre Nora, Les Lieux De Mémoire|Imagine a society entirely absorbed in its own historicity. It would be incapable of producing historians. Living entirely under the sign of the future, it would satisfy itself with automatic self-recording processes and auto-inventory machines, postponing indefinitely the task of understanding itself
Fereidoon Yazdi|As long as it’s an every man for himself kind of world, men will always be for themselves. - Mayor Bentley in 'Tilt
Eckhart Tolle|Through the present moment, you have access to the power of life itself, that which has traditionally been called "God." As soon as you turn away from it, God ceases to be a reality in your life, and all you are left with is the mental concept of God, which some people believe in and others deny. Even belief in God is only a poor substitute for the living reality of God manifesting every moment of your life.
Damien Chazelle|When nothing is at stake, everything's a waste.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|There is a deep dryness of the soul and all of the recalcitrant contrivances of man to quench his own thirst will bring not a single drop of moisture to those parched places, for God and God alone holds the water that satiates the soul.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!
John Green, Paper Towns|Don't be the slave for the society, be the entrepreneur for yourself.
Simon S. Tam|One has no room for vengeance,' says Shara, 'when the eyes of the world are watching. We must be judicious, and bloodless.
Henry David Thoreau|No doubt, the biggest challenge before you is to protect yourself from sadness, because happiness belongs to the theory of uncertainty.
K. Sean Harris|Flora was in that state where the spirit may be willing but the flesh is weak and wishes to go on holiday - and where the flesh in most cases wins hands down with a packed suitcase. It did so now. So she did what many a researcher both great and insignificant does when they are stuck. She yawned while contemplating how to catch the Muse by surprising Her. Almost invariably, the Muse has seen it all before - and also yawns.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|It wilna end wi' me, Campbell. Slay me, and you'll face my brothers and after them my Muhheconneok kin. You cannae possibly kill us all.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|We think that we are living when we walk upon the earth but the very moment we “die” there, we wake up here! This life on the other side of the Rainbow Bridge is the real one. We find that our life on earth was just a dream, a dream designed to lead us further and further into love. True love grows and then cannot be destroyed. It grows and grows until it is stronger than death.
Akshay Vasu|She closed her eyes and held all her dreams between her fingers like a dandelion and just blew it. She smiled watching it fly through the air, making everything look beautiful around her while a tear rolled down her cheek.
Warren Spector|When I finished the trilogy of 'Pirates of the Caribbean' movies, I had a gear shift and thought, 'I need to take a moment to smell the roses.'
Latika Teotia|You are strong and you know it. Even when you are faced with problems, all you have to do is look within and you’ll find that not only are you capable of solving it but you can handle it much better than you think. So don’t lose heart. However, if you think that you are all alone with your problems may God fill you with hope and may you always be blessed with the kind of support you need. Stay blessed.
Jesse Ball|I have a friendship with Hezbollah, and I also have contacts outside of Lebanon, but it doesn't mean I follow anyone's agenda.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|He saw mankind going through life in a childlike manner... which he loved but also despised.... He saw them toiling, saw them suffering, and becoming gray for the sake of things which seemed to him to be entirely unworthy of this price, for money, for little pleasures, for being slightly honoured....
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|I want you to make a list of all of your favorite things, and I want to be on it.
David Kay|But it is equally incontrovertible that if our intelligence gathering process is seriously flawed, we had better find out and find out fast if we are to avoid another Sept. 11.
Peter Singer, The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty|If the metaphors in everyday speech are a clue, then all of us associate blankness with virtue rather than with nothingness. Think of the moral connotations of the adjectives: clean, fair, immaculate, lily-white, pure, spotless, unmarred and unsullied.
John R.W. Stott|Our love grows soft if it is not strengthened by truth, and our truth grows hard if it is not softened by love.
Jaide Fox, His Wicked Ways|It wasn't like that, darlin'." [Darcy] said quickly. "I swear on my mother's soul it wasn't!"Bronte bit her lip, trying not to smile. "Your mother is still living, is she not?"Darcy grinned sheepishly. "Yes, but…just the same.
Allan Bloom|If you are looking for a hate book you have come to the wrong place here. This book may be full of fact and discussion and even argument but it is out of concern, a concern that is not subject to some group partisan issues. It has opinion as well and this is most certainly what many critics will call many things in this book to the point that there will be whole essays of review that are just diatribes of psychological issues on both sides.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|The world is a wide place where we stumble like children learning to walk. The world is a bright mosaic where we learn like children to see, where our little blurry eyes strive greedily to take in as much light and love and colour and detail as they can.The world is a coaxing whisper when the wind lips the trees, when the sea licks the shore, when animals burrow into earth and people look up at the sympathetic stars. The world is an admonishing roar when gales chase rainclouds over the plains and whip up ocean waves, when people crowd into cities or intrude into dazzling jungles.What right have we to carry our desperate mouths up mountains or into deserts? Do we want to taste rock and sand or do we expect to make impossible poems from space and silence? The vastness at least reminds us how tiny we are, and how much we don't yet understand. We are mere babes in the universe, all brothers and sisters in the nursery together. We had better learn to play nicely before we're allowed out..... And we want to go out, don't we? ..... Into the distant humming welcoming darkness.
Julia Quinn, It's in His Kiss|I am asking you to marry me because I love you,” he said, “because I cannot imagine living my life without you. I want to see your face in the morning, and then at night, and a hundred times in between. I want to grow old with you, I want to laugh with you, and I want to sigh to my friends about how managing you are, all the while secretly knowing I am the luckiest man in town.”“What?” she demanded.He shrugged. “A man’s got to keep up appearances. I’ll be universally detested if everyone realizes how perfect you are.
Rosie Blythe, The Princess Guide to Life|If your confidence is based purely on the way you look, you’re setting yourself up for a) years of fretting about how to appear perfect, and b) anxiety / despair as the wrinkles inevitably set in. (Not to mention the fact that the world is FULL of pretty girls – you’re going to have to dig 	a little bit deeper if you want to stand out in the crowd.) Base your self-belief on what’s in your heart and mind; you’ll never lose your inner beauty.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneurship isn't about luck, it's about vision, time management, creativity, determination and goals.
Nulli Para Ora, Initiate|Despite the best of intentions, people create rules variously and often in reaction to behaviors deemed unacceptable to the larger goals of the group. That is why we often find ourselves revising the rules when new conditions reveal their loopholes.
Victor Manuel Rivera, In Search of True Freedom|Freedom keeps us soaring, but quarreling destroys our ability to fly.
David Cross|I think no matter what age you are, you know when you love something in your heart.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|She said, I'm going to miss you when you when I wake up.Don't wake up, he answered.But he did.Kestrel, beside him on the grass, said. "Did I wake you? I didn't mean to.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|You may turn every house in your neighborhood into a charity center, you may fill the land with soup-kitchens, but the misery of humans will still continue to exist until the character of humanity changes.
Joseph Conrad|In a dispassionate view the ardour for reform, improvement for virtue, for knowledge, and even beauty is only a vein sticking up for appearances as though one were anxious about the cut of ones clothes in a community of blind men.
G.K. Chesterton|We have a duty tonight. Everybody, and guys this for you as well because I know you know women. You have a duty tonight. You only have to tell one other person what you heard. Just tell them what you heard, or ask them have you ever heard of this? If the answer is no, share what you learn tonight.That’s all. You don’t have to do anything else. You just have to tell somebody else. You have to take whatever stigma people think that is there. You have to take it. It’s not male or female. It has nothing to do with that. It has to do with, here’s a disease you don’t know about and you need to know about it. It’s that simple. It’s not rocket science.[Whoopi Goldberg on endometriosis awareness from the 2009 Blossom Ball]
Sevyn Streeter|I have experienced bad dating and ineptitude with women all across the globe, from Vietnam to Paris. When I was 21, women were an enigma; they were this code that had to be cracked. They were 'The Other.' I have often thought writing this stuff into stand-up and shows would be an exorcism, but it hasn't been; it makes no difference.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Success can never be enjoyed if there is no congruity or alignment of your beliefs, values and how you behave in attaining your achievements.
Kira Asatryan, Stop Being Lonely: Three Simple Steps to Developing Close Friendships and Deep Relationships|When you tell the tale of how another person is from your perspective, you're making him or her into a character, a player in your own life story. This way of knowing does not bring you closer because it is really all about you.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|You know that feeling,” she said, “when you are reading a book, and you know that it is going to be a tragedy; you can feel the cold and darkness coming, see the net drawing tight around the characters who live and breathe on the pages. But you are tied to the story as if being dragged behind a carriage and you cannot let go or turn the course aside.
S.A.  David, 7 Flash|We do not choose the one we fall in love with, and our perception of happiness is our own and is determined by what we experience...
Osborne Reynolds|As much as we all know that some things are easier said than done, we have to understand that if we don't say it, we may never do it.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|God almighty, Franny," he said. "If you're going to say the Jesus Prayer, at least say it to Jesus, and not to St. Francis and Seymour and Heidi's grandfather all wrapped up in one. Keep him in mind if you say it, and him only, and him as he was and not as you'd like him to have been.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|But we do need a breather. We do need knowledge. And perhaps in a thousand years we might pick smaller cliffs to jump off. The books are to remind us what asses and fools we are. They’re Caesar’s praetorian guard, whispering as the parade roars down the avenue, ‘Remember, Caesar, thou art mortal.’ Most of us can’t rush around, talk to everyone, know all the cities of the world, we haven’t time, money or that many friends. The things you’re looking for, Montag, are in the world, but the only way the average chap will ever see ninety-nine per cent of them is in a book.
Jennifer Estep, By a Thread|Your red dress,’ she said, and laughed.But I looked at the dress on the floor and it was as if the fire had spread across the room. It was beautiful and it reminded me of something I must do. I will remember I thought. I will remember quite soon now.
Po Bronson, NurtureShock: New Thinking About Children|Think of the inconvenience of vanishing as it were from your friends and, correspondents three times in one's natural life.
Catt Ford, A Strong Hand|Some man would come to her room. Maybe she would hesitate, and he'd grab her, pin her to the mattress, force her to cooperate.
Christian Lacroix|French design hardly exists, except as artificial modernism.
Linda P. Rouse|Insofar as men gain time, ease, independence, or liberty from women's domestic labors, they lack incentive to change.
Osho Samuel Adetunji|Great men learn from their weaknesses,and learn to use their strengths.Ordinary men learn nothing from their weaknesses,and underuse their strengths.
John K.  Brown|The faith in an afterlife, however much our reason ridicules it, very modestly extends our faith that each moment of our consciousness will be followed by another - that a coherent matrix has been prepared for this precious self of ours. The guarantee that our self enjoys an intended relation to the outer world is most, if not all, of what we ask from religion. God is the self projected onto reality by our natural and necessary optimism. He is the not-me personified.
Courtney M. Privett, The Shattered Veil|A study led by the Harvard researcher Nicholas Christakis asked the doctors of almost five hundred terminally ill patients to estimate how long they thought their patient would survive, and then followed the patients. Sixty-three per cent of doctors overestimated survival time. Just seventeen per cent underestimated it. The average estimate was five hundred and thirty per cent too high. And, the better the doctors knew their patients, the more likely they were to err.
Alan Sillitoe|...I couldn't see him anymore, and I couldn't see anybody, and I knew what the loneliness of the long-distance runner running across country felt like, realizing that as far as I was concerned this feeling was the only honesty and realness there was in the world and I knowing it would be no different ever, no matter what I felt at odd times, and no matter what anybody else tried to tell me
Mike Trout|The more I read and watched about the meat industry, the more determined I became to keep meat out of my diet. The things I saw in slaughterhouse exposes made me feel sick and I refused to just ignore what I now knew.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|When I die, I would love to die smiling. If however I forget this, I hope I have someone there to make me smile.
Wisława Szymborska, View With a Grain of Sand: Selected Poems|And now dear little children, who may this story read, To idle, silly flattering words, I pray you ne'er give heed: Unto an evil counsellor, close heart and ear and eye, And take a lesson from this tale, of the Spider and the Fly.
Jennifer Hotes, Four Rubbings|I spend more time with the living, than the dead now.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|Please just admit it," said Valkyrie. "You're going to miss me, aren't you?" "Obviously," said Skulduggery. "Thank you." "Like a drowning man misses the land." "A w w w..." "Like a hesitant man misses the chance." "Yeah..." "Like an oblivious man misses the point." "I have a feeling you're mocking me somehow, but I can't put my finger on how.
Baltasar Gracian|Men are limited by the knowledge of their minds, the worth of their characters and the principles upon which they are building their lives.
Alexander Gordon Smith, Lockdown|Knackered inmates are easier to control than pumped-up ones. And dead inmates are even easier to control, if you follow me.
Ian Frazier|The reason I keep talking about a wife and saying the word 'wife' on stage is because it seems a funny word to me. The more you say it, the more it seems to detach from that person and become this sort of abstract thing: that you would set out to find a wife, that it would be an objective like buying a new car.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the greatest sorrow, we shall find the grace of joy.
Anthony T. Hincks|Censorship may promote the lies, but it does not alter the truth.
Anton Chekhov, Misery|I will forgive, but I will never trust again the person whom I considered a friend but unexpectedly push me down to misery.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Our consciousness is a proof of our existence in this life.It's a chance given to us, to find a way to reach the eternity.
E.M. Bounds, Power Through Prayer|Our devotions are not measured by the clock, but time is of the essence. The ability to wait, and stay, and press belongs essentially to our intercourse with God.
Niels Bohr|Asked in 1919 whether it was true that only three people in the world understood the theory of general relativity, [Eddington] allegedly replied: 'Who's the third?
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|I'm going home." - Celeste"To never return?" - Uway"Yes, show me the way to never return." - CelesteALL LIGHT WILL FALL
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|To be unable to bear disapproval was an unworthy weakness. But in her case it came nowise of the pride which blame stirs to resentment, but altogether of the self-depreciation which disapproval rouses to yet greater dispiriting. Praise was to her a precious thing, in part because it made her feel as if she could go on; blame, a misery, in part because it made her feel as if all was of no use, she never could do anything right. She had not yet learned that the right is the right, come of praise or blame what may. The right will produce more right and be its own reward--in the end a reward altogether infinite, for God will meet it with what is deeper than all right, namely, perfect love.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|The best thing she was, was her children.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
Genevieve Gorder|If you're talking to an architect, he can look at a blank piece of paper, and once the initial design is there, the formula kicks in. Each room should have something unique and different about it - much the same way that in a song, every eight bars or so, a new piece of information should be introduced.
Avina Celeste|We make our decisions, and then our decisions turn around and make us.
Babu Rajan|Destruction is a man's will,Nevertheless Prevention is also a man's will,Its a man's choice to choose between Destruction and Prevention. :)
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|Technology is neutral and sterile. Now, technology is the nature of modern man; it is our environment and our horizon. Of course, every work of man is a negation of nature, but at the same time, it is a bridge between nature and us. Technology changes nature in a more radical and decisive manner: it throws it out.
Nick Saban|When you are missing someone, time seems to move slower, and when I'm falling in love with someone, time seems to be moving faster.
Ed Sheeran|I first met my husband when I was 15. He was very cool, in a band, all that kind of thing, but he took a long time to grow up. Our paths crossed again 10 years later, and after about two weeks I knew that was it. I'm glad I met him when I did, even though I was fairly young. Because I think sometimes you can crystallise into singledom.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I want to think about trees. Trees have a curious relationship to the subject of the present moment. There are many created things in the universe that outlive us, that outlive the sun, even, but I can’t think about them. I live with trees. There are creatures under our feet, creatures that live over our heads, but trees live quite convincingly in the same filament of air we inhabit, and in addition, they extend impressively in both directions, up and down, shearing rock and fanning air, doing their real business just out of reach.
Daniel Nayeri|Human history is full of great men, great women, individuals, with the will for power - all of them with governesses like her.
E. J. Pratt|I showed him the sea. It's a great luxury, being able to see it from the balcony. When cities are bombed there are always ruins and corpses left. But you can drop an atomic bomb in the sea and ten minutes later it's back as it was before. You can't change the shape of water.
Joy Harris|I want to reach the top with it all--business, family and faith!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life isn't a lazy cruise on some endless, calm, and temperate sea. Life is a raging ocean with swells and tidal waves that wreck and sink your boat. Life is a series of storms―overcast skies, fierce winds, and pelting rain. You were meant to be immersed in it all―first to float, then swim, and eventually to walk on water.
Mary Kate|If you look inside, that which is said to be 'hard to find;' you may find that it was plainer to see than ever dreamed!!
D. Smith Kaich Jones|It looks like fallen petals, and it looks like rain. It looks like the sounds the birds make at dawn. It looks like the aisle of grocery stores when a song I love suddenly begins to play overhead, and I cannot help but dance a little dance. It looks like a sigh, a kiss, an unmade bed. It looks like Cheerios in a white bowl with a bit of silence on the side. It looks like a plain vanilla cupcake in white paper, a dance with the wind, pink toenails, warm socks. It looks like a fire against the cold of winter, and a deep lake cool against a summer sky. It looks like chick flicks, books that make you cry, and all the candles blown out on the first try.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|The best quote has never been said nor written.I do not need a quote.P. HermansNetherlands, August 11, 2016
Rusty Fischer, Ushers, Inc.|That's enough Susy, nuff, nuff.''No, no I just want to say this,' she gasped, on the brink of incoherence. 'His eyes, his face, it's not ugly, and I know if I go back that he'll come and get some more of me... Even when he has drained all I know and when he... God, God, he came at me, at my throat and even then, I couldn't stop him, didn't want to even when I felt his mouth...' She reached to her throat, where her hands fluttered. Her eyes, clear and cornflower blue when they had been so serene a few minutes ago, were stark and tormented. Suddenly she buckled toward him from her propped position, sobbing. He caught her and she wept into his chest.'And the worst thing... the worst thing... is that I want to see him again... Harry, he wanted me to take that cross off, and I did, and I've felt him wanting me now, even now, with blessed Jesus over my bed.
Jon Stewart|I've been to Canada, and I've always gotten the impression that I could take the country over in about two days.
Brian D. McLaren, A Generous Orthodoxy|I’m sure I am wrong about many things, although I’m not sure exactly which things I’m wrong about. I’m even sure I’m wrong about what I think I’m right about in at least some cases.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness comes from your thoughts; it resides inside you. To be happy, have happy thoughts, whatever you do.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Home wasn't a set house, or a single town on a map. It was wherever the people who loved you were, whenever you were together. Not a place, but a moment, and then another, building on each other like bricks to create a solid shelter that you take with you for your entire life, wherever you may go.
L.A. Casey, Ryder|I'll answer that.' He took a deep breath, and I could see his eyes searching mine, like he was looking for an answer. 'I had thought that was the ending,' he finally said. 'But I might have been wrong.''I was just thinking,' I said, sure that the rest of the crowd could probably hear how hard my heart was beating, since it seemed deafening to me, pounding in my ears, 'that maybe Marjorie realized she was in love with Karl. And told him that. And said she was sorry for being scared.
Patrick Rothfuss, Rogues|The truth will set us free. But freedom is cold and empty and frightening, and lies can often be warm and beautiful.
Roopleen|Running through the maze of life, you come across profound ambiguities and complexities. Yet the essence of living a meaningful life remains simple- following your heart and pursuing your life purpose.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|A woman sees a problem and sets about solving it, not analyzing it.
Christopher Paul Curtis, The Madman of Piney Woods|Will you read this? I think maybe it sucks. Or maybe it's awesome. It's probably awesome. Tell me it's awesome, okay? Unless it sucks." — Nick
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|See, the poor dream all their lives of getting enough to eat and looking like the rich. And what do the rich dream of?? Losing weight and looking like the poor.
Leonard Bernstein|Any great art work … revives and readapts time and space, and the measure of its success is the extent to which it makes you an inhabitant of that world - the extent to which it invites you in and lets you breathe its strange, special air.
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|Remember,too,that all who succeed in life get off to a bad start,and pass through many heartbreaking struggles before they "arrive". The turning point in the lives of those who succeed usually comes at some moment of crisis,through which they are introduced to their "other selves".
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Sometimes good is preventing us for being better".rbasequia..
Kim Addonizio, Bukowski in a Sundress: Confessions from a Writing Life|156/ I'd be very good at being rich, but no one has offered to test my talents in that department. ... New York was like a wealthy, handsome, intensely artistic, complex, slightly manic man who, for some inexplicable reason, was enthralled with me. Not that I ever met a man like that. Who needed men anyway? I'll take Manhattan.
Sarah Winman|We're only given one life, and it's the one we live, she had thought; how painful now, to realize that wasn't true, that you would have different lives, depending on how brave you were, and how ready.
Marie-Sabine Roger, Soft in the Head|You are sure you mean bliss?''Yes, an island or some place where we could all live or go to easily whenever we pleased and do all the things we wish to do without thought of the narrow-mindedness of others.''You are asking too much. Oh, for the Isle of Crete! You are wishing a return to the good old Pagan times when all honor was paid even to prostitutes.''No, not asking too much, just asking for a natural morality, a thing which varies with each bird, beast, and human and for which due allowance is not made in lawmaking.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In some churches today and on some religious television programs, we see the attempt to make Christianity popular and pleasant. We have taken the cross away and substituted cushions.
Amy Carmichael|When we are securely rooted in personal intimacy with the source of life, it will be possible to remain flexible without being relativistic, convinced without being rigid, willing to confront without being offensive, gentle and forgiving without being soft, and true witnesses without being manipulative.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|God Is Not A Thief; the Devil Is the one that steals, kills and destroys.
Florence Scovel Shinn|Successful people have a bigger fear of failure than people who've never done anything because if you haven't been successful, then you don't know how it feels to lose it all. You don't have that fear. So why do you think people get stuck in those boxes? It's that fear of going back down.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Don’t take this the wrong way, but you smell like Magnus.
June Jordan|It must be remembered that the sea is a great breeder of friendship. Two men who have known each other for twenty years find that twenty days at sea bring them nearer than ever they were before, or else estrange them.
Stephen Hawking|The human race is just a chemical scum on a moderate-sized planet, orbiting around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies. We are so insignificant that I can't believe the whole universe exists for our benefit. That would be like saying that you would disappear if I closed my eyes.
John Owen, The Mortification of Sin|Ribs closing on his heart, Will battled internal sirens whose song he couldn’t yet decipher. During his childhood, ‘sin’ had been such an abstract word. It denoted getting your Sunday best dirty and torn, or lying to have your brother punished for things you’d done yourself. But now, on the cusp of adulthood, the word seemed to grow and change, to acquire terrifying shades of darkness. He was beginning to understand that there was more to it. That there were things the human body longed for that were infinitely worse than playing in mud and telling fibs.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Bir kaplanın sırtında yolculuk etmenin en önemli kuralı, kulaklarını asla bırakmamaktır.
Debasish Mridha|To live drown in love.To live like the dead, fear the love.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Master Teachers who genuinely embody an enlightened state of being never stop “doing the work”. The ego is what assumes it knows enough, causing cessation of these daily practices, and therefore, Masters without attachment to ego are forever students of the Universe. The Masters attain an illuminated state of “Being” as the outcome, yet it is the consistent “doing” that promotes and maintains their enlightenment.
Martin Luther|Reason is a whore, the greatest enemy that faith has; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things, but more frequently than not struggles against the divine Word, treating with contempt all that emanates from God.
Tamara L. Chilver|Organic education is natural, wholesome, and fundamental.
Stacey May Fowles, Baseball Life Advice|Men go to the ballpark with an assumed knowledge and interest, whereas women need to constantly demonstrate how much they know and care.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|No," I said. "I choose the prophecy. It will be about me.""Why are you saying that?" she cried. "You want to be responsible for the whole world?"It was the last thing I wanted, but I didn't say that. I knew I had to step up and claim it."I can't let Nico be in any more danger," I said. "I owe that much to his sister. I…let themboth down. I'm not going to let that poor kid suffer any more.
Daniel Woodrell|We may regard the solar systems as separate sponges, swimming in a World of Divine Spirit, and thus it will be apparent that in order to travel from one solar system to another, it would be necessary to be able to function consciously in the highest vehicle of man, the Divine Spirit.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|Like a speeding trainI am passing by...I don’t knowwhere I’m headingwith whom or whyall I know is thatI will never, everpass from here againall I know is I’m skidding forwardon this track of life.
Nelson Mandela|Never see adversity as a disability,rather see it as a specia-ability. As an opportunity to believe, an opportunity to accomplish
William Butler Yeats|Every library should try to be complete on something, if it were only the history of pinheads.
Kasie West, The Fill-In Boyfriend|We rarely find a depth by looking inside of ourselves for it. Depth is found in what we can learn from the people and things around us. Everyone, everything, has a story, Gia. When you learn those stories, you learn experiences that fill you up, that expand your understanding. You add layers to your soul.
Émile Zola|... Have you ever reflected that posterity may not be the faultless dispenser of justice that we dream of? One consoles oneself for being insulted and denied, by reyling on the equity of the centuries to come; just as the faithful endure all the abominations of this earth in the firm belief of another life, in which each will be rewarded according to his deserts. But suppose Paradise exists no more for the artist than it does for the Catholic, suppose that future generations prolong the misunderstanding and prefer amiable little trifles to vigorous works! Ah! What a sell it would be, eh? To have led a convict's life - to have screwed oneself down to one's work - all for a mere delusion!..."Bah! What does it matter? Well, there's nothing hereafter. We are even madder than the fools who kill themselves for a woman. When the earth splits to pieces in space like a dry walnut, our works won't add one atom to its dust.
Richard Dawkins|If man doesn't learn to treat the oceans and the rain forest with respect, man will become extinct.
Dave Ramsey|We have a retirement crisis in America today nor from a lack of money, but from a lack of vision
L V HALL|& may you shine on in the sky with diamonds & dreams...do it for the suit behind the platform, who only wished he were free.have strength in freedom.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Doors vurst open all along the walls, and skeletal warriors marched in, hundreds of them, from every time period and nation in Western civilization. They lined the perimeter of the room, blocking the exits.Hades bellowed, "Do you think I want war godling?"I wanted to say, 'Well, these guys don't look like peace activists'. But I thought that might be a dangerous answer.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole: And Other Cosmic Quandaries|The two evening stars were now shining side by side. The smaller one had moved over to the big one. They were very close now, almost touching, and then they went together and become one very large star.I don't know if things like that are fair or not.
Evan Guerra|I've always felt we're supposed to be sad as often as we’re happy. Without being forlorn, happiness has no value. I believe out there, whatever or whoever is responsible for the universe has simply made us start at the beginning before more is revealed to us. I don’t believe in a perfect existence. If it were around, we would know about it already. Erase pain and suffering and erase life. We’re being prepared for the next chapter. Being subjected to what’s considered the ultimate state of mind in the universe comes with a price-tag. What steps were at now I have no idea. But I'm excited to get to the end someday. Maybe I’ll come find you and we can swap stories sometime? Until then I value my sadness as much as my happiness. A sadness we all share.
Stewart Udall|People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves.
Rachel Caine, Paper and Fire|Santi and Wolfe exchanged a look. Wolfe inclined his head a little to the side, with a strange, crooked smile. "You see? They're as bad as we are.""Worse," Santi sighed.
Tony Evans, The Power of God's Names|Watches have watch makers, paintings have painters, designs have designers, and creation has a creator,
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|You can’t trust anyone you have to pay, and really, they can’t trust you.
Tom Hayes|If you’re lying to everyone you know, including yourself, at every possible turn, is a little upheaval really the worst that could happen to your life right now?
James Curcio, Party at the World’s End|The failure of reorientation therapy is why the "ex-gay" ministry Exodus International shut down in 2013. It places gay Christians who adhere to the traditional biblical interpretation in an agonizing, irresolvable tension. In order to truly flee from sin as well as the temptation to sin, they must constantly attempt what has proven impossible: to reconstitute themselves so they are no longer sexual beings at all.
Breanna Hayse, The Game Plan|S&M is as psychological as it is physical and sexual, Zach. Imagine being as deep inside a woman’s mind as you are inside her body.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to find all your might, to climb a higher height.
Mohith Agadi|It's ok if you can't level up, but It's not ok to level yourself down.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Alecto, have you noticed how downhill this little island is becoming?” Mandy questioned sadly. “All these organic food stores and yoga studios and cellular phone towers… Cape Breton was one of the only places left where it still had that nostalgic small town atmosphere but now… I’ve only been away for a year, how could things have changed so quickly? I mean, how can the world accept it?”“C'est la vie,” said Alecto, looking extremely tired as he stared out the window at the late November maple keys fluttering down from vibrantly red trees lining the streets on either side of the windshield.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Through the practice of compassion and forgiveness, I was able to sustain my appreciation for her work and cope with the grief and disappointment I felt about the loss of this relationship. Practicing compassion enabled me to understand why she might have acted as she did and to forgive her. Forgiving means that I am able to see her as a member of my community still, one who has a place in my heart should she wish to claim it.
Neal Patterson|All of us, the government, parliament, local authorities and the society must demonstrate determination and readiness to use knowledge and capabilities... toward full European integration.
Unknown|Tak perlu terlalu terang, hanya cukup ada dan tak kunjung padam.
Lao Tzu|So the unwanting soulsees what's hidden,and the ever-wanting soulsees only what it wants.
John Berger|Once you digitize data, you can actually analyze patterns and relationships in geographic space - relationships between certain health patterns and air or water pollution, between plants and climate, soils, landscape.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|He gestured at me. “Do you like the blanket?”I nodded. “It’s warm.”“I made it. Well, actually, I didn’t skin the animal, but I did kill it….after the others pinned it down. It’s werewolf skin.”My heart faltered; I gripped at a wad of black fur.“I slayed the beast for you, Catherine. I used your sword. It was your grandmother’s idea actually, a wedding present. You mentioned how chilly you g
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Why can't I solve this problem by killing someone? she though petulantly, then comforted herself with the mantra that had kept her going in prison: "Soon all the humans will be dead," she said, droning in the time-honored fashion of gurus everywhere. "And then Opal will be loved."And even if I'm not loved, she thought, at least all the humans will be dead.
Lindsey Kelk, I Heart Christmas|You haven't been fired," Mary said with a sigh. "You always jump to the worst possible conclusion. Why on earth would you be getting f
David Cone|There are moments in life, when the heart is so full of emotion That if by chance it be shaken, or into its depths like a pebble Drops some careless word, it overflows, and its secret, Spilt on the ground like water, can never be gathered together.
Leah Atwood, After the Rain|They buried him in dirt that smelled like broken batteries, and crouched in a fiberglass shed while the acid rain poured down to dissolve his flesh and bleach his bones.
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|The age of the pulp magazine was the last in which youngsters, to get their primitive material, were forced to be literate.
Marcus Aurelius|It is not fit that I should give myself pain, for I have never intentionally given pain even to another.
Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety|What we have forgotten is that thoughts and words are conventions, and that it is fatal to take conventions too seriously. A convention is a social convenience, as, for example, money ... but it is absurd to take money too seriously, to confuse it with real wealth ... In somewhat the same way, thoughts, ideas and words are "coins" for real things.
Lily Brooks-Dalton, Good Morning, Midnight|You want to survive in this universe? Then you are in a no-choice-positon! You have no choice but to be strong, you have no choice but to be hopeful, you have no choice but to be clever and challenger!
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Slowly the sky turned from the color of cornflower to that of hyacinth, and the Ferris wheel at Coney Island appeared like a ring of diamonds against the twilight. New York-that city made of canyons between tall buildings, and ornate houses filled with glittering things that might trap a girl forever-was nothing more than a few dots on an infinite landscape. The atmosphere was crystalline and afforded her a perfect view. Only from this place was she able to see how limited the city was, after everything, and how wide open the world could all of a sudden become.
Rebecca Donovan, Out of Breath|I was so tired of fighting. Tired of hurting. Tired of the guilt that never released me, and the regrets that could not be changed. I didn't want this life. They're were only so many times I could hear that I should never have been born, before I wished it to be true.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Therefore it is unnecessary for a prince to have all the good qualities I have enumerated, but it is very necessary to appear to have them. And I shall dare to say this also, that to have them and always to observe them is injurious, and that to appear to have them is useful; to appear merciful, faithful, humane, religious, upright, and to be so, but with a mind so framed that should you require not to be so, you may be able and know how to change to the opposite.
Jackie Robinson|I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|Being content to walk with God brings peace in the midst of uncertainty. It brings wisdom in the unknown. It brings contentment in any situation and grace in every circumstance. It brings mercy and forgiveness in sin and blessed assurance in condemnation. It brings freedom from captivity. Walking with God brings light and air into the pit, as God reaches down to rescue us when we fall.
Sunday Adelaja|We need money not only for meeting our own needs, but also for fulfilling God’s plans.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|(there is) no other means of escaping from one's consciousness than to deny it, to look upon it as an organic disease of the terrestrial intelligence - a disease which we must endeavor to cure by an action which must appear to us an action of violent and willful madness, but which, on the other side of our appearances, is probably an action of health. ("Of Immortality")
S.C. Lourie|So, I'm no longer holding myself  hostage to less than what I deserve. It's an inward thing first. It's always an inward thing first.
Stefan Emunds|Have faith, let go, and gravitate towards. 
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Planting of godliness must be a continuous thing, however, one needs to start the planting of godliness from the home front.
Keira D. Skye|Nikki looks at me, confused. “What’s wro
Dee Dee Artner|The potential of controlling and living a successful life according to your terms depends on how you think. Your perception is your world. You can create the life you want and in fact, you can even shape the way you want it.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Who the hell calls at two in the morning?""Maybe it's Matt Wilde, confessing his love," Lindsay says."Very funny,
Jaymin Eve, Dronish|I'm not always the best at expressing myself to you, so I'm taking advantage of the fact that I will be completely unresponsive when you read this, and therefore incapable of messing things up
M.F. Moonzajer|By what right do I bend men to my will? Or is there no right, only ability?
Sam Gayton|But... it's one of those laws of the universe, isn't it? Nothing stays the same. Things change.
Md. Mujib Ullah|An intelligent person positively accepts criticism, repeatedly thinks before giving any statement, and is capable of motivating himself/herself to be successful in the terrible situations in the way of life journey.
Emilia Winters, Mr. Blackwell: Part Three|He hurt me,” I whispered, feeling a lump in my throat.“And he’ll probably hurt you again.  But you know what?  You’ll hurt him too.  When you’re with someone for a long time, it’s impossible not to feel hurt." - Larene.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|Few, I believe, have had much affection for mankind, who did not first love their parents, their brothers, sisters, and even the domestic brutes, whom they first played with.
Robert Mondavi|I love the fact we're still on the road. I was born to be a factory worker really, so for me the chance to get on stage at Wembley 30 years after we started is amazing.
Isaac Marion, The New Hunger|This time as we ascend, I watch the world sinking below us. I watch the way the city fades into sand that gets washed by the ocean.
Anthony T Hincks|Time waits for no man"That is what they say.That is why our time spent together,is so special in so, so many ways.
Anand Neelakantan, The Rise of Sivagami|It was so easy to sell anything to the common people, if one could add an element of magic and some religion into it
Jennifer Sturman|I can't today," I said. "Maybe tomorrow?""Can't tomorrow," said Quinn. "I have a family thing. I guess we're logistically star-crossed, Juliet."Sometimes Quinn calls me Juliet because of how we had to do that scene together, and whenever he does it's good for another bout of brain paralysis. So all I could manage back was "Oh.""But I'll talk to you later, okay?" he said.I didn't even try to say anything else but just nodded, wondering as I did what would happen next. The steps had largely emptied by then.But before I could do much wondering, Quinn's lips were on mine.And this time it definitely counted.
Norah Jones|When I got into music, I wanted to learn guitar just enough to be able to write songs. I wanted to be able to express myself.
Michael Hayden|The 2007 National Intelligence Estimate that said Iran had paused its nuclear weaponization work also reported with high confidence that such work had been going on through 2003. How far did they get? That's an important question, but I fear that the Iranians will never answer it, and we will not insist that they do.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 4 Always Say Less Than Necessary When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.
Debasish Mridha|There are three absolute freedoms that we have that no one can take away; freedom to think, freedom to love and freedom to feel the joys of life.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|...He was wrong about the sadness though: far better to have it when you're young. A sad pretty girl inspires the urge to console, unlike a sad old crone.
Brett Matthews|(Kaylee) Tell me I'm pretty, Wash.(Wash) Were I unwed I would take you in a manly fashion.(kaylee) Because I'm pretty?(Wash) Because you're pretty.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole - And Other Cosmic Quandaries|When scientifically investigating the natural world, the only thing worse than a blind believer is a seeing denier.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach, Aphorisms|Conditioning was something I always shied away from, now I've learnt that training never stops.
John Darnielle, Universal Harvester|If you work with or around children, you often hear a lot about how resilient they are. It's true; I've met children who've been through things that would drive most adults to the brink. They look and act, most of the time, like any other children. In this sense – that they don't succumb to despair, that they don't demand a space for their pain – it's very true that children are resilient. But resiliency only means that a thing retains its shape. That it doesn't break, or lose its ability to function. It doesn't mean a child forgets the time she shared in the backyard with her mother gardening, or the fun they had together watching Bedknobs and Broomsticks at the Astro. It just means she learns to bear it. The mechanism that allowed Lisa Sample to keep her head above water in the wak of her mother's departure has not been described or cataloged by scientists. It's efficient, and flexible, and probably transferable from one person to another should they catch the scent on each other. But the rest of the details about it aren't observable from the outside. You have to be closer than you really want to get to see how it works.
Sarah Dalton, White Hart|You should have gone yourself, you ask for a Coke and they come back with orange drink. No one understands the martyrdom of the volunteers for the trip to food concession.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The world screams, ‘Stay down, it’s safer.’ My soul screams, ‘So is being dead.
Deyth Banger|Chance wanting to defend her grandfather, but not about to leave the library, dustysafe sanctuary of shelves and glass cases and the musty smell of all the books, the door locked from the inside against birdnervous aunts who thought maybe a few slabs of smoked ham and a spoonful of mashed potatoes would make everything better, would make anything right again.
Michael Hayden|There is no part of the executive branch that more exists on the outer edge of executive prerogative than the American intelligence community - the intelligence community, CIA, covert action. My literal responsibility as director of CIA with regard to covert action was to inform the Congress - not to seek their approval, to inform.
Carla Gugino|I worked at my high school newspaper at Andover, which came out weekly, unusual for a high school paper. Then my first day at Penn I went right to the 'Daily Pennsylvanian' and pretty much spent most of my college career working both as the sports editor and then editor of the editorial page.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|Though he wouldn’t take it or offer it back, she gave. She squeezed it into him and held it there. She accepted him. She loved him in his wretchedness, kissed his ragged cheek, and called him /father./
Henry Van Dyke|My entire soul is a cry, and all my work is a commentary on that cry.
G.K. Chesterton|Get to know the right, then you would know the people of right. Right Is not measured by its men, but men are measured by their right.
Blaise Pascal|I've been influenced by some of the greatest designers. Charles Eames. And Bruno Munari in the '50s in Italy - when they had to retool the industry of war into an industry to help society. In a way, I'm influenced by designers that were there at a radical time of change.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Scriptures are meant to serve humanity, not humanity to serve scriptures.
Norman Fischer, Sailing Home: Using the Wisdom of Homer's Odyssey to Navigate Life's Perils and Pitfalls|The only difference between meditation and non meditation is that when we meditate we are not grasping anything or trying to do anything: instead we are releasing ourselves to our lives, with trust that our lives are all we need. (78)
Niccolò Ammaniti, I'm Not Scared|Still, truth is how I remember it now. In a way, I am changing the past from my desk here in the future as I write. It always happens like this. This is how we all tell our story.
Jordan Mechner, The Making of Prince of Persia|I've chosen a life that's so different from everybody else's that it cuts me off from them. Practically everybody I know treats me like a guest celebrity. Of course it's my own fault. I feel so damn alone sometimes, I feel like I could just float away into the stratosphere and everybody would stand there looking up at me and not one would haul me back down to earth. No ropes.
Ross Paterson, The Antioch Factor: The Hidden Message of the Book of Acts|I wonder if I'm being disloyal, if being with Didier means I'm forgetting about Jones. But every time I go in a drain, or past a church, I think of him. Every time I see a can of Coke, I think of Jones. And don't even start me on how I feel when I see department-store Santas. A girl doesn't forget a guy like Jones in a big hurry. Even ow, when none of us are front-page news any longer, he's always in my head. My name is Dodie. Doe - as in don't change a thing (well, a couple of things I'd change).Dee - as in delighted to have known you, Sebastian Worthington Jones. Dodie Farnshaw.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|I call you domina because that’s what you are,” Samuel insisted.“It’s what I was. Now I’m just Brie. What if I only called you pathfinder?
Ben Schnetzer|There's already a lot of active research going on using the Crispr technology to fix diseases like Duchenne muscular dystrophy or cystic fibrosis or Huntington's disease. They're all diseases that have known genetic causes, and we now have the technology that can repair those mutations to provide, we hope, patients with a normal life.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to know if someone was meant to be in your future, then remove all the worldly things about them from your mind. Don’t think about their looks, the intimate moments or their personality. Now, think about how they made you feel, how they improved your life and what virtues they possess that push you to want to become better. Did they bring you closer to God? Did they bring you to your life mission? Did they ever lie to you, betray you or made it impossible for you to feel comfortable speaking your mind? When you remove all the shine from a diamond, it becomes a glass rock. What value is it then? See beneath the surface and you will know who your future is with.
Janis Owens, The Cracker Kitchen: A Cookbook in Celebration of Cornbread-Fed, Down Home Family Stories and Cuisine|So this is what commodity corn can do to a cow: industrialize the miracle of nature that is a ruminant, taking this sunlight- and prairie grass-powered organism and turning it into the last thing we need: another fossil fuel machine. This one, however, is able to suffer. 
Elizabeth George, A Young Woman's Guide to Making Right Choices: Your Life God's Way|Well, he'd get help from the Bible. It was all inspired, every word, no matter what scoffers like Jim said. He'd take the first text he turned to and talk on that.He opened on: 'Now THEREFORE, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shethar-boznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which ARE beyond the river, be ye far from thence,' an injunction spirited but not at present helpful.
Sam Phillips|I'm finding myself really angry over spending and the deficit. I'm finding myself really angry over what's happening in the Middle East, the decision to stay in Afghanistan indefinitely. I'm angry about cap and trade. And I've been on record for a long time on the failed war on drugs.
Neal A. Maxwell, The Complete Works of Neal A. Maxwell|Within what is allotted to us, we can have spiritual contentment.
Terri Windling, White as Snow|Though it's fearful, Though it's deep, though it's dark And though you may lose the path, Though you may encounter wolves, You can't just act, You have to listen. you can't just act, You have to think. Though it's dark, There are always wolves, There are always spells, There are always beans, Or a giant dwells there. So into the woods you go again, You have to every now and then. Into the woods, no telling when, Be ready for the journey. Into the woods, but not too fast or what you wish, you lose at last. Into the woods, but mind the past. Into the woods, but mind the future. Into the woods, but not to stray, Or tempt the wolf, or steal from the giant-- The way is dark, The light is dim, But now there's you, me, her, and him. The chances look small, The choices look grim, But everything you learn there Will help when you return there. The light is getting dimmer.. I think I see a glimmer-- Into the woods--you have to grope, But that's the way you learn to cope. Into the woods to find there's hope Of getting through the journey. Into the woods, each time you go, There's more to learn of what you know. Into the woods, but not too slow-- Into the woods, it's nearing midnight-- Into the woods to mind the wolf, To heed the witch, to honor the giant, To mind, to heed, to find, to think, to teach, to join, to go to the Festival! Into the woods, Into the woods, Into the woods, Then out of the woods-- And happy ever after!
Warren Bennis|Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
Epicurus, Epicurus: Letters, Principal Doctrines, and Vatican Sayings|The wise man who has become accustomed to necessities knows better how to share with others than how to take from them, so great a treasure of self-sufficiency has he found.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|It gathers emotionally inside you, in a strange way a by-product of struggle, of a willingness to do anything, try anything, expose yourself to anything — staying in motion because sooner or later those ripples will cause change.
Jose Marti|I think about death a lot, like I think we all do. I don't think of suicide as an option, but as fun. It's an interesting idea that you can control how you go. It's this thing that's looming, and you can control it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Some people are known, they have the platform and presence, but still remain irrelevant. They know you and what you do, but they don’t need you or your offering. I see too many people with a platform but without substance, again this is not sustainable. Lack of substance can only relegate your talent or skill towards the league of the mediocre, if at all you become much by superficial branding then you will become the best of the worst. You don't have what it takes but you depend on your ability to sell substandard offerings to the market. It will not last for long, but quickly become irrelevant.
Jillian Tamaki, SuperMutant Magic Academy|The starlight, which seemed strangely bright tonight, wasn't starlight at all. Instead, Lucifer's demons had gathered high in the firmament above. It was their eyes that shone like stars through the wildfire smoke.
Moss Hart, You Can't Take it With You|under the gold standard, a free banking system stands as the protector of an economy's stability and balanced growth... The abandonment of the gold standard made it possible for the welfare statists to use the banking system as a means to an unlimited expansion of credit... In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Some people think that it’s okay to be downright nasty to people they love. It is not okay. Nasty is never called for, and it’s certainly not sweet, useful, nor positive.
Dada Bhagwan|There should be no restlessness within, no matter what the circumstances. If there is restlessness within, know that the kashays have not left yet.
Hélène Cixous|Better a long ignoble life of shallow pleasures than a short stab at heroism, ending with a short stab. And just because one man plays another doesn’t always mean that it’s not the right direction for both of them.
E'yen A. Gardner, Love Letters|Losing well was a gift, but winning well is this stuff of the authentic manhood.
Jacqueline E. Smith, Between Worlds|People tend to think that death is absolute, the one thing we can all be certain about, but that’s not the case. Death is complex. It’s powerful and timeless. The truth is, when it comes to death, nothing is impossible.
Reformation Thought|If we unite, we can surmount any mountain and make things happen for the betterment of all.
Sarah Hepola, Blackout: Remembering the Things I Drank to Forget|It's probably weird to think about an addiction like it's a sentient being, but that's how it feels. Like it's something living inside you. Something you can't get rid of because killing it means killing you. I can't really understand addictions to drugs or alcohol. Things that control you. But an eating disorder is an addiction you control. Wait, is that paradoxical? I prefer to believe not.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I drive a motorbike, so there is the whiff of the grim reaper round every corner, especially in London.
Robert Ellsberg, All Saints: Daily Reflections on Saints, Prophets, & Witnesses for Our Time|As persons, so Mournier maintained, we possess both a spiritual and temporal dimension; we exist in history, in relationship with others, but open to transcendence and ultimately to God. This concept of the person, he believed, was denied as much by an atheistic totalitarianism of the Left as by the bourgeois materialism of capitalist society. To the extent that Christianity had become infected by the bourgeois spirit, it had become a prop in what he called, 'the established disorder.
Andrea Speed, Infected: Life After Death|My phone rang, and although it wasn't a sinister time of night, and although nothing had happened that I would later see as foreshadowing, I knew, I knew.
Sunday Adelaja|The feelings of guilt takes away self-confidence, reduces self-esteem welcomes fear, confusion, disappointment, depression etc.
Emily Thorne|Hope is Future and Future is present ,Present is past and Past is Mystery
Edith Pargeter, A Bloody Field by Shrewsbury|He sat staring before him, seeing nothing but a long line of Mortimers, inexhaustable and prolific to the end of time.
Aleister Crowley|For me, there is no such thing as a negative experience.
Adam Levin, The Instructions|Without pain, there is no call for anger, much less rampaging.
Lou Holtz|One of the best ways to make yourself happy in the present is to recall happy times from the past. Photos are a great memory-prompt, and because we tend to take photos of happy occasions, they weight our memories to the good.
Ron Barrow|It is my right to be rich, happy, and successful. I AM completely solvent and building my wealth everyday!
Marcus Garvey|With confidence, you have won before you have started.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|They were within twenty yards of each other, and so abrupt was his appearance, that it was impossible to avoid his sight. Their eyes instantly met, and the cheeks of each were overspread with the deepest blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immoveable from surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party, and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least of perfect civility.
Ysabeau S. Wilce|People keep asking "Jacob or Edward?" when the really important question is "Diamond Dave or Sammy?
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|You see how it is godlike to love the being of someone. Your existence is a delight to us. I hope you never have to long for a child as I did, but oh, what a splendid thing it has been that you came finally, and what a blessing to enjoy you now for almost seven years.
Leo Tolstoy, Childhood|Where his boyhood retreat had been a cave hewn for one, it now accommodated two. He was suddenly two and it amazed and delighted, causing a stir in the pit of him, a kind of fibrillation.
Susan Straight|To put a city in a book, to put the world on one sheet of paper -- maps are the most condensed humanized spaces of all...They make the landscape fit indoors, make us masters of sights we can't see and spaces we can't cover.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|Stop complaining, start contributing; stop crying, start smiling; and stop criticizing, start praising.
|Every dream has its success point, and you owe it to yourself to press forward until you reach yours.
Ian Fleming|This city is yawning before me, but I'm not tired.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The messengers of Jesus will be hated to the end of time. They will be blamed for all the division which rend cities and homes. Jesus and his disciples will be condemned on all sides for undermining family life, and for leading the nation astray; they will be called crazy fanatics and disturbers of the peace. The disciples will be sorely tempted to desert their Lord. But the end is also near, and they must hold on and persevere until it comes. Only he will be blessed who remains loyal to Jesus and his word until the end.
Todd Hayen|The spirit of mathematics is not captured by spending 3 hours solving 20 look-alike homework problems. Mathematics is thinking, comparing, analyzing, inventing, and understanding. The main point is not quantity or speed—the main point is quality of thought.The spirit of mathematics is not captured by spending 3 hours solving 20 look-alike homework problems. Mathematics is thinking, comparing, analyzing, inventing, and understanding. The main point is not quantity or speed—the main point is quality of thought.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are only failures in life when give up and stop trying.If you fail, get up and try again.
Larry McMurtry|The thought cross his mind that he ought to have married her and not gone rambling. If he had, he wouldn't be in such a fix. But he felt little fear; just an overpowering fatigue. Life had slipped out of line. It was unfair, it was too bad, but he couldn't find the energy to fight it any longer.
Jacques Ellul, The Meaning of the City|Technology does make possible advance toward shalom; progress in mastery of the world can bring shalom nearer. But the limits of technology must also be acknowledged; technology is entirely incapable of bringing about shalom between ourselves and God, and it is only scarcely capable of bringing about the love of self and neighbour.
George R. R. Martin|Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young.
Avijeet Das|Thy dark eyes beckon me into the darkest nether world of dark galaxies and darker supernovas. Forever in darkness, I know no light! Thy darkness my dark-light!
Thich Nhat Hanh|How we fund transportation in this country is broken. You all pay a gasoline tax, right? Well, cars go farther, we get electric cars, and so on. And then we do more with the money than just build roads. We do bike lanes and mass transit.
Jean Stafford|Some men escape the grip. Maybe their wives have no social ambitions; maybe they've hit a sentence or two in a 'dangerous book' that pleased them; maybe they started on the treadmill as I did and were knocked off. Anyway, they're the congressmen you can't bribe, the Presidents who aren't politicians, the writers, speakers, scientists, statesmen who aren't just populate grab-bags for a half-dozen women and children.
Geddy Lee|There must be a positive and negative in everything in the universe in order to complete a circuit or circle, without which there would be no activity, no motion.
Ignatius of Loyola|Lord, teach me to be generous;Teach me to serve you as you deserve;To give and not to count the cost;To fight and not to heed the wounds;To toil, and not to seek for rest;To labor, and not to ask for reward - except to know that I am doing your will.
Denver Moore|Anytime you see a turtle up on top of a fence post, you know he had some help.
Steve Maraboli|A common and natural result of an undue respect of law is, that you may see a file of soldiers, colonel, captain, corporal, privates, powder-monkeys, and all, marching in admirable order over hill and dale to the wars, against their wills, ay, against their common sense and consciences, which makes it very steep marching indeed, and produces a palpitation of the heart.
Christina Daley, Radiant|You just...you don't take crap from anyone. But not in the fake, rebellious way that most kids do it, like they got something to prove. You're real, and people respect you a lot for that.
Abraham Kuyper, Lectures on Calvinism|If man--if each one of us--abdicates his responsibilities with regard to values; if each one of us limits himself to leading a trivial existence in a technological civilization, with greater adaptation and increasing success as his sole objectives; if we do not even consider the possibility of making a stand against these determinants, then everything will happen as I have described it, and the determinates will be transformed into inevitabilities.
Hanna Arendt|Loyalty is not a passive, negative guardianship of the gate-- loyalty arises from the complete & utter opening & subsequent blazing forth of one's inner life. It is an active, determined desire that demands total self-awareness & deliberate engagement.
Alex Flinn, Beastly|...if there´s a beast,maybe he´s just a regular guy with a sin conditon or something. Maybe he just needs some understanding. Maybe we judge people to much by their looks because it´s easier than seeing what´s really important.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|I hope we'll be friends." His grin was pure sin....	She stuck with the truth. "I hope we won't be enemies.
Christiaan Huygens, Oeuvres Completes|I believe that we do not know anything for certain, but everything probably.
Nikolai Gogol|But the future is unknown, and stands before a man like autumnal fogs rising from the swamps; birds fly foolishly up and down in it with flapping wings, never recognizing each other, the dove seeing not the vulture, nor the vulture the dove, and no one knowing how far he may be flying from destruction.
Jonathan Franzen|First we build the tools, then they build us.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Exactly!" said Deep Thought. "So once you do know what the question actually is, you'll know what the answer means.
M.L. Chesley, Adversarius|Once Errol righted himself into some semblance of horsemanship, they set off at an easy canter. That is, the other horses set off at a canter, while Errol's horse settled into a teeth-shattering trot. After a hundred paces he could feel Horace's backbone through the saddle. The other riders pulled ahead without a backward glance, leaving him to his four-footed torture.
Dwight L. Moody|The best way to show that a stick is crooked is not to argue about it or to spend time denouncing it, but to lay a straight stick alongside it
Nikolai Gogol|The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I wanted to come close to fierce wild things. They seemed prehistoric, rare and sacred.
Callum Roberts, The Unnatural History of the Sea|According to the Environmental Protection Agency, food packaging makes up twenty percent of our solid waste nationwide.
J.F.Kelly|In most cases, our thoughts about experiences that have happened to us cause greater grief than the events themselves. Understanding it may be difficult and require some effort, but remind yourself as often as you need to, that past and future exist only as stories in our minds.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A wise quote can only change a wise man! Therefore, wise sayings are for the wise men, not for the fools! The sunflowers turn their face toward the Sun, the fools, toward the darkness!
Kristin Cashore|I don't know how it'll be between us Thiel. I don't know how we'll learn to trust each other again, and I know you're not well enough to help me with every matter I face. But I miss you and I'd like to try again.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Because as you become better at everything, as the innate skills actually manifest in reality, the bar rises for the next jump. The core demand for evolution is relentless, and respect, happiness, love and joy are irrevocably tied to it.
Conor Oberst|I am not an adolescent, nor a romantic. I analyze objectively.
Stephen Douglass|I’M LOSING FAITH IN MY FAVORITE COUNTRYThroughout my life, the United States has been my favorite country, save and except for Canada, where I was born, raised, educated, and still live for six months each year. As a child growing up in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, I aggressively bought and saved baseball cards of American and National League players, spent hours watching snowy images of American baseball and football games on black and white television and longed for the day when I could travel to that great country. Every Saturday afternoon, me and the boys would pay twelve cents to go the show and watch U.S. made movies, and particularly, the Superman serial. Then I got my chance. My father, who worked for B.F. Goodrich, took my brother and me to watch the Cleveland Indians play baseball in the Mistake on the Lake in Cleveland. At last I had made it to the big time. I thought it was an amazing stadium and it was certainly not a mistake. Amazingly, the Americans thought we were Americans.I loved the United States, and everything about the country: its people, its movies, its comic books, its sports, and a great deal more. The country was alive and growing. No, exploding. It was the golden age of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The American dream was alive and well, but demanded hard work, honesty, and frugality. Everyone understood that. Even the politicians.Then everything changed.Partly because of its proximity to the United States and a shared heritage, Canadians also aspired to what was commonly referred to as the American dream. I fall neatly into that category. For as long as I can remember I wanted a better life, but because I was born with a cardboard spoon in my mouth, and wasn’t a member of the golden gene club, I knew I would have to make it the old fashioned way: work hard and save. After university graduation I spent the first half of my career working for the two largest oil companies in the world: Exxon and Royal Dutch Shell. The second half was spent with one of the smallest oil companies in the world: my own.Then I sold my company and retired into obscurity. In my case obscurity was spending summers in our cottage on Lake Rosseau in Muskoka, Ontario, and winters in our home in Port St. Lucie, Florida. My wife, Ann, and I, (and our three sons when they can find the time), have been enjoying that “obscurity” for a long time. During that long time we have been fortunate to meet and befriend a large number of Americans, many from Tom Brokaw’s “Greatest Generation.” One was a military policeman in Tokyo in 1945. After a very successful business carer in the U.S. he’s retired and living the dream. Another American friend, also a member of the “Greatest Generation”, survived The Battle of the Bulge and lived to drink Hitler’s booze at Berchtesgaden in 1945. He too is happily retired and living the dream. Both of these individuals got to where they are by working hard, saving, and living within their means. Both also remember when their Federal Government did the same thing.One of my younger American friends recently sent me a You Tube video, featuring an impassioned speech by Marco Rubio, Republican senator from Florida. In the speech, Rubio blasts the spending habits of his Federal Government and deeply laments his country’s future. He is outraged that the U.S. Government spends three hundred billion dollars, each and every month. He is even more outraged that one hundred and twenty billion of that three hundred billion dollars is borrowed. In other words, Rubio states that for every dollar the U.S. Government spends, forty cents is borrowed. I don’t blame him for being upset. If I had run my business using that arithmetic, I would be in the soup kitchens. If individual American families had applied that arithmetic to their finances, none of them would be in a position to pay a thin dime of taxes.In this connection I witnessed what I consider to be t
Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption|I look down, worried something is showing after all, but if it wasn't for the incongruous absence of sensation on my left side, I wouldn't know. I look back up at her, taking a step closer because I kind of want to take a step back, and you can’t let that show. "What?"She tenses, even though I’m not even remotely close enough to, say, hit her. "I... I thought you were white."I snort, too relieved to take offense. "I'm adopted. Not my biggest problem at the moment."She smiles at me, looking a little relieved herself. "It just... it seemed a bit too... British, I guess." And it's then that I notice the slight twinge of her accent.“I am British. I was born here.” Her own skin is a light chocolate brown, light enough that it’s perfectly visible when she blushes. She looks so adorable that I almost resist, but not quite. “You have anything against Britishness?” I ask, coming to lean against the doorway on my good side, relieving the weight I have to put on the leg.“No!” she assures me. “No, it’s…” Her hands flutter nervously in front of her, like she hopes to pluck the words out of the air. “I just worry. Some people are weird about it. About me. Especially with the tutoring.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You are the calmest, fiercest person I know, and that is enough to draw me into your world and woo me into your heart. I've always enjoyed a good paradox and puzzle. You are no exception.
Adam Burch, Song of Edmon|The ability to kill someone doesn't make you a leader, and it doesn't make someone great. There's nothing great about dying or taking a life.
Tessa Afshar, Land of Silence|How can you be so accepting? How is it that you are not screaming with frustration?""I've been spending more time in prayer. I am learning that obedience to God means that you do not put your eyes on your longings, but instead, you simply place one foot ahead of the other into the space that the Lord opens. Tired, wounded, overwhelmed. It does not matter. You merely keep moving where God directs and stop focusing on what you wish you had. It's teaching me patience.
Brihadaranyaka Upanishad|Then he realized: 'I, indeed, am this creation; for I have poured it forth from myself.' In that way he became this creation. And verily, he who knows this becomes in this creation a creator.
Jonathan Carroll|I was doing a Broadway musical called 'Smile' with Howard Ashman and Marvin Hamlisch in 1984/5 when it abruptly closed. Howard was in the middle of pre-production for 'The Little Mermaid,' so he kindly invited all the girls in our cast to audition for the film.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|Not all social animals are social with the same degree of commitment. In some species, the members are so tied to each other and interdependent as to seem the loosely conjoined cells of a tissue. The social insects are like this; they move, and live all their lives, in a mass; a beehive is a spherical animal. In other species, less compulsively social, the members make their homes together, pool resources, travel in packs or schools, and share the food, but any single one can survive solitary, detached from the rest. Others are social only in the sense of being more or less congenial, meeting from time to time in committees, using social gatherings as ad hoc occasions for feeding and breeding. Some animals simply nod at each other in passing, never reaching even a first-name relationship.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|I have this thing about friends and secrets. Sometimes when I meet a person I like, I tell them a secret they don't know me well enough to be told. It lets me judge their potential as a friend.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Adam understood, then, that Gansey and Blue’s awe changed this place. Ronan and Adam may have seen this place as magical, but Gansey and Blue’s wonder made it holy.
Dean Ornish|I am not deaf. I hear the anger. I see the dissatisfaction, and I have to go faster.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Abe held my gaze a bit longer and then broke into an easy smile. ʺOf course, of course. This is a family gathering. A celebration. And look: hereʹs our newest member.ʺ Dimitri had joined us and wore black and white like my mother and me. He stood beside me, conspicuously not touching. ʺMr. Mazur,ʺ he said formally, nodding a greeting to both of them. ʺGuardian Hathaway.ʺ Dimitri was seven years older than me, but right then, facing my parents, he looked like he was sixteen and about to pick me up for a date. ʺAh, Belikov,ʺ said Abe, shaking Dimitriʹs hand. ʺIʹd been hoping weʹd run into each other. Iʹd really like to get to know you better. Maybe we can set aside some time to talk, learn more about life, love, et cetera. Do you like to hunt? You seem like a hunting man. Thatʹs what we should do sometime. I know a great spot in the woods. Far, far away. We could make a day of it. Iʹve certainly got a lot of questions Iʹd like to ask you. A lot of things Iʹd like to tell you too.ʺ I shot a panicked look at my mother, silently begging her to stop this. Abe had spent a good deal of time talking to Adrian when we dated, explaining in vivid and gruesome detail exactly how Abe expected his daughter to be treated. I did not want Abe taking Dimitri off alone into the wilderness, especially if firearms were involved. ʺActually,ʺ said my mom casually. ʺIʹd like to come along. I also have a number of questions—especially about when you two were back at St. Vladimirʹs.ʺ ʺDonʹt you guys have somewhere to be?ʺ I asked hastily. ʺWeʹre about to start.ʺ That, at least, was true. Nearly everyone was in formation, and the crowd was quieting. ʺOf course,ʺ said Abe. To my astonishment, he brushed a kiss over my forehead before stepping away. ʺIʹm glad youʹre back.ʺ Then, with a wink, he said to Dimitri: ʺLooking forward to our chat.ʺ ʺRun,ʺ I said when they were gone. ʺIf you slip out now, maybe they wonʹt notice. Go back to Siberia." notice. Don't worry, Roza. I'm not afraid. I'll take whatever heat they give me over being with you. It's worth it.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time. The mind that responds to the intellectual and spiritual values that lie hidden in a poem, a painting, or a piece of music, discovers a spiritual vitality that lifts it above itself, takes it out of itself, and makes it present to itself on a level of being that it did not know it could ever achieve.
Linwood Barclay|About half my designs are controlled fantasy, 15 percent are total madness and the rest are bread-and-butter designs.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live for the purpose of making a difference for the people, for society, for the things that are beyond you, then significance will not be able to elude you.
Jonathan Galassi|I've been writing since I was 10 or 11. I started with poetry because that was the easiest thing. It just kind of came naturally. I think at that time West Coast hip hop was huge; all these kids around me were like, 'I want to be a rapper.' But I'm a white girl, not going to be a rapper.
Rochelle H. Ragnarok, The Boy with the Koi Tattoo|Even when not in the act of writing Muscatine a letter, I was often composing one in my mind, situating the words just so, plunking one here, then one there, gauging how to sound worthy of his regard.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!
Gabriella Marigold Lindsay, Living F.I.T.: A 40-Day Guide to  Living Faithfully, Intentionally, and Tenaciously|Speak positivity to yourself daily and repeatedly. You can manifest positivity into your life simply by speaking it and believing it. When you're able to speak and see what you want for yourself, you will be able to make the things you seek a reality!
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|Let me wake up next to you, have coffee in the morning and wander through the city with your hand in mine, and I'll be happy for the rest of my fucked up little life.
Mark Leibovich, This Town: Two Parties and a Funeral — plus plenty of valet parking! — in America’s Gilded Capital|For a long moment we didn't move. We just stared at each other. So much time had passed since our eyes last met. So much had changed. I turned away and pressed my head to the cold window pane. I traced my initials onto the misted glass and, as they began to fade, He reached out his fingers and retraced my signature. I watched it fade once more and felt his moist fingers brush against my lips. He let them linger there a moment, then replaced them with his own lips. Then I woke up.
Jim Britts|listen, God is not some little genie or a vending machine. And is not just worth it because he makes your life all better, but He's with you. God wants so much more for your life than fine
J.D. Greear, Gospel: Recovering the Power that Made Christianity Revolutionary|Why should anyone hear the Gospel twice, before everyone has heard it once?
Orrin Woodward|A true leader is responsible for his followers who have reposed their faith in his leadership. If an ordinary man fails, it is a personal failure. But when a leader fails, he shatters the entire ideologies, principles and morale of all those who followed him. The impact is much bigger and stakes are higher.
Candy Lightner|Death changes us, the living. In the presence of death, we become more aware of life.... It can inspire us to decide what really matters in life--and then to seek it. (Founder of M.A.D.D.)
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story|Stupid people go to college but"smart people own them"....
Nelson Mandela|I have always that there ought to be some kind of mandatory national service, not necessarily in the military but to show everybody that freedom isn't free, that everybody has an obligation to the nation as a community.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|On the ration cards of Nazi Germany, there was no listing for punishment, but everyone had to take their turn. For some it was death in a foreign country during the war. For others it was poverty and guilt when the war was over, when six million discoveries were made throughout Europe.
Nouman Ali Khan|When you help people, don't wait around to hear them say, "Thank you." A lot of times we do good things, but in the back of our mind we're hoping to get some appreciation. But if you make your intentions pure, and you expect only from Allah, He will take more care of you than you could ever imagine.
William Easterly, The White Man's Burden: Why the West's Efforts to Aid the Rest Have Done So Much Ill and So Little Good|Remember, aid cannot achieve the end of poverty. Only homegrown development base on the dynamism of individuals and firms in free markets can do that.
Katie Reus, Sweetest Surrender|When she entered the dining room, she tried to ignore Caleb’s gaze on her. He wasn’t outwardly leering, but she could feel the intensity coming from his direction as if he was sending heat-seeking missiles her way. She knew he wanted her. She might not have much experience with men, but she knew when one was interested and Caleb Ryder was.
Santosh Kalwar|Walking down the path of dreams, inner-self and listening to your heart are all different names given to your hidden scripts. 
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|We’re in an a bit of an awkward situation. When the institution of marriage first came about, people commonly got married at around the same age that they began to develop feelings for the opposite sex. This is no longer the case. 13, 14 - these are no longer appropriate ages to be getting married. Now, you do not get married until you’re out of college, at least. If you get married any earlier, you’re looked down upon.So, what we have is a gap. A gap between when we begin to be attracted to the opposite sex, and when we’re allowed to give into that attraction. A gap between now and then. A fairly large gap, I might add. About a 10 or 12 year gap. I believe that dating was designed to bridge that gap.
R. Alan Woods|If people don't want you to question something, that probably means you should question it.
Helen Fisher|A hundred years ago, if you had a child out of marriage, you'd be a social disgrace. Today women feel comfortable enough economically and culturally to bring up a child without a recognized commitment from a man.
Matt Taibbi, The Great Derangement: A Terrifying True Story of War, Politics, and Religion at the Twilight of the American Empire|Washington politicians basically view the People as a capricious and dangerous enemy, a dumb mob whose only interesting quality happens to be their power to take away politicians' jobs... When the government sees its people as the enemy, sooner or later that feeling gets to be mutual. And that's when the real weirdness begins.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|Nothing is miserable unless you think it so; and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.
Dada Bhagwan|We live here for five to fifty years (in this world, in the relative) and we are searching for beautiful houses there, while where we have to live permanently (moksha; in the Real, Self), there is no work being done for it; and no one is even inquiring about that (place). The world is baseless/disorderly. ‘Do something for here and do something for there’. We are not saying not to do anything for here. Do both. Don’t you have two hands?
Felicia Day|'Dirt On My Boots' is a very different song. I heard the melody, and I heard the lyrics, and I heard the drive of that song. I totally related. It was kinda me when I was on my bulldozer working for my dad.
G.G. Collins|The other dark places,' Evan whispered. Visions of tunnels of earth and stone, caves and streams entered his head. It was far beneath them. He knew it was real and it was down there, waiting.
Christina Rossetti|My family is everything. I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister... because they have given me everything. The education I have is thanks to them.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I did not tell you that it would be okay, because I have never believed it would be okay. What I told you is what your grandparents tried to tell me: that this is your country, that this is your world, that this is your body, and you must find some way to live within the all of it.
C.L. Wilson, Lady of Light and Shadows|If I get in the water in this outfit, the cloth will turn completely transparent.""I know, and I'm looking forward to it more than you can imagine.
Mark Sherman Smeester|If you have someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for, your life is better than most battle.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Forgiveness is all about love. Where love abounds, there forgiveness will not tarry
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|Do you know Eastern proverbs?"Unskilled guns, but... The more guns, the likely they will hit..."I've got plenty of Akuma to go around.
James Lusarde, The Lady Loves to Strip|The wedding ring she’s wearing is collar enough,” Jack bit out. “I know. I put it on her finger. You can see that fucking diamond from space.
Greg Hamerton, The Riddler's Gift|Those who try to juggle wisdom, power and greed, drop one of the balls, every time.”—Zarost
Arthur Symons, The Symbolist Movement in Literature|Vaguely conscious of that great suspense in which we live, we find our escape from its sterile, annihilating reality in many dreams, in religion, passion, art.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|I am afraid we women are factionists; we always take a side, and nature has formed us for advocates rather than judges.
Samuel Johnson|To go and see one druidical temple is only to see that it is nothing, for there is neither art nor power in it; and seeing one is quite enough.
William Paul Young, The Shack|You stand for what is right, without the expectation of gratitude or reward.
Saul Bellow, Mr. Sammler's Planet|And everything soon must change. Men would set their watches by other suns than this. Or time would vanish. We would need no personal names of the old sort in the sidereal future, nothing being fixed. We would be designated by other nouns. Days and nights would belong to the museums. The earth a memorial park, a merry-go-round cemetery. The seas powdering our bones like quartz, making sand, grinding our peace for us by the aeon. Well, that would be good - a melancholy good.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|God brings wonderful people into our lives. He also takes people out to protect us from harm. When we roll with God’s grace, we feel his wisdom.
Mordechai Vanunu|You can involve yourself in electronics, computers, puzzles... there's a lot of creativity and brain working. There's a lot to model trains that people don't realize.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|...and said with the softness of repressed violence, 'I am not one to stick his neck out; it is a bit of a reach. I was waiting for the smallest sign that you could love me... I never got it.
Charles Kennedy|I really don't get nervous when I perform -it's more of an exciting feeling than anything else. But put me in a classroom with kids my age and have me take a test and yeah, I'll be nervous!
Elizabeth Kostova|Do you know how big snakes get? Or how many grains of sand are in the deserts? Or what lurks at the bottoms of the oceans' floors?"..."No.""Well, if you can't answer those simple scientific queries, then what makes you think that mankind is smart enough to discover vampirekind's existence?
Benjamin Wood, The Ecliptic|Every time I looked at the sky and at my watch, that monster was still up there.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, The Treasury of David, Volumes #1-3|To rejoice in temporal comforts is dangerous, to rejoice in self is foolish, to rejoice in sin is fatal, but to rejoice in God is heavenly.
Jestoni Revealed|If it's not for Him, I guess I'd be dead few years ago.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|If you think God’s there, He is. If you don’t, He isn’t. And if that’s what God’s like, I wouldn’t worry about it.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Peace between good and evil is an impossibility; the very pretence of it would, in fact, be the triumph of the powers of darkness.
Robert Pattinson|When you grow up on a dairy farm, cows don't take a day off. So you work every day and my dad always said, 'No one can outwork you.'
Anna Godbersen, Splendor|More than anything, I felt the unfairness of it, the inarguable injustice of loving someonewho might have loved you back but can't due to deadness, and then I leaned forward, my forehead against the back of Takumi's headrest, and Icried, whimpering, and I didn't even feel sadness so much as pain.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you dreaming? Stop dreaming; come and watch the sunset, it is better than all the dreams!
Susan   McKenzie, Tamisan|There was a short silence, then Dr Starrick decided that this was a good time to just blurt out that I also had two hearts.
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|the only one who wanted to be free. Surprise, surprise. CHAPTER
Sunday Adelaja|Instead of complaining, discover ways, tactics and tricks on how to reach out to people
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|She had taken him for granted, she thought with surprise and shame, watching the flickering candlelight. She had assumed his kindness was so natural and so innate, she had never asked herself whether it cost him any effort. Any effort to stand between Will and the world, protecting each of them from the other. Any effort to accept the loss of his family with equanimity. Any effort to remain cheerful and calm in the face of his own dying.
George H.W. Bush|Sweetheart, I remember every second from the first moment I laid eyes on you and I’ve been trying to get my world upright ever since.
Blake Lewis|When people would ask me what I’m addicted to, I always said ‘music.’ And while they’d laugh it off like it’s a cliché, I’m actually a complete shopaholic when it comes to records. I’d literally buy 10 albums a week for years, so when I went to that Virgin Records and it said ‘going out of business,’ my heart stopped.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world sees you for what you are, but the universe sees you for what you can be.
Marco Rubio|Honesty, integrity, and accountability, the values, which should be the hallmark of this government, have instead been thrown under the bus by an arrogant majority, casualties in a misguided campaign to shield from accountability those who abuse this House.
Debasish Mridha|Writing is my pleasure and the play,where I find myself again and again.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, Breakfast in the temple|When in doubt, look to Jesus.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Don’t compromise your focus by comparing what you are trying to learn to what you already know. Focus in the moment, on what you are trying to learn now.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|When we get married, we promise a person the rest of our lives, "Til death do us part". But what if in another life we promised someone forever? What if ten lifetimes ago we promised someone lifetime after lifetime after lifetime? Think about it. Maybe that's why marriages fail when they do fail. Because maybe promises are never really broken.
Agatha Christie, An Autobiography|There was a moment when I changed from an amateur to a professional. I assumed the burden of a profession, which is to write even when you don't want to, don't much like what you're writing, and aren't writing particularly well.
Bob Beckel|Ever since 9/11, our intelligence agencies, as part of the 'war on terror,' have expanded their operations to include American citizens. I was 'terrorized' when I learned that the National Security Agency was intercepting information on Americans.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It's not bad to cough. But cover your mouth when coughing. It's not bad to complain. But cover your mouth when complaining, else you'll spread infections of complains on us!
Edna St. Vincent Millay|I know I am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|A new word. Bright with possibilities. A flawless pearl to turn over and over in my hand, then put away for safekeeping.
Tom Upton, Just Plain Weird|You can’t believe in fate only when it sends you something you want, only when things turn out right. You have to accept what fate sends you or doesn’t send you, no matter whether or not you like it.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|I think love is different for each person, but I think the one thing it has in common is putting the other person's feelings before yours. If you're so worried about Libby loving you, isn't that the same thing?
Ted Cruz|We've got some talented people in my family in regards to football, and we do it the right way.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Alessandra Torre, Blindfolded Innocence|(Regarding Marriage) Both people need to care deeply about the other person, to put the other’s needs before their own, and to make a daily commitment to that person to stick it out.
Sai Baba|The thing is that love gives us a ringside seat on somebody else's flaws, so of course you're gonna spot some things that kinda need to be mentioned. But often the romantic view is to say, 'If you loved me, you wouldn't criticise me.' Actually, true love is often about trying to teach someone how to be the best version of themselves.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|The strange thing about adulthood, when you're single, is that it's possible to go for fairly extended periods without facing blatant sin against. Sure there was plenty of sin against God but with such infrequent consequence - it was easy to self-congratulate on how much our relationship owed to my 'righteousness,' generosity, and enlightened theological views. Though for the past twenty months or so I'd been hearing a pastor who's constant theme was grace, it didn't hit home until I faced this proof of what the Bible says God considers depravity.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|Logic is immaturity weaving its nets of gossamer wherewith it aims to catch the behemoth of knowledge. Logic is a crutch for the cripple, but a burden for the swift of foot and a greater burden still for the wise.
Tracy Brogan, Love Me Sweet|Reece?" she asked softly."Hmmm?""Kiss me."And he did. There wasn't even a possibility of saying no.
Lemony Snicket, The Carnivorous Carnival|I am so tired, I can hardly type these worfs.
Lois McMaster Bujold, CryoBurn|I have heard several people justify working long hours and getting home from work late it night by saying things like, “I have to put in all this time to make up for the vacation we’re going to take this summer.” I bet if I asked your kids, they’d say that they’d rather have you home every night to play with them than the weeklong summer trip to the lake where you’re stressed out the whole time anyways.
Dan Brown, Digital Fortress|You can't jump for the stars if your feet hurt. And when you get where you're going, you darn well better look great!
Sakshi Chetana, Laughing Buddha|The statue of the Laughing Buddha act as a good friend. Whenever we are off the track, his smiling face can bring us back to the present moment, to a positive mood.
Dada Bhagwan|No difficulty can come to you (your way). If the mind wavers, difficulty will embrace you! That is all, the law of the universe is just this.
Sunday Adelaja|We all go through hard times in life. It’s a part of being human and it's the reality we all have to deal with. There are times we forget how valuable we are and our purpose for the life we have been given. We must take joy every day in celebrating our blessings, so it’s something we can carry in our hearts during our life’s journey.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|…in that moment, as he saw and smelled how irresistible its effect was and how with lightning speed it spread and made captives of the people all around him—in that moment his whole disgust for humankind rose up again within him and completely soured his triumph, so that he felt not only no joy, but not even the least bit of satisfaction. What he had always longed for—that other people should love him—became at the moment of his achievement unbearable, because he did not love them himself, he hated them. And suddenly he knew that he had never found gratification in love, but always only in hatred—in hating and in being hated.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|To begin with, I dined there on Monday, and once a week is quite enough to dine with one's own relations.
Garth Stein|struck by the pain of the ice and the rage of the water below that was forced to make room for the huge piece of frozen time, the glacier, trapped in a solid state for centuries, melting into the ocean and becoming one with its future. She feels small and insignificant in the face of such a display of nature.
Nuno Roque|I think we live in a time where artists are very tidy and afraid of what others might think. They hesitate in expressing their views and opinions. So being original is rare. For me, it's about living the life you create for yourself, to create your kingdom. I think we should work on being our unique selves and becoming our greatest versions. I like to remind people to take the power to live their life the way they wish.
Deyth Banger|So reality your mother builds you a room in which to run and test, your father give you the stuff on which to handle. Tests and everything needed and you just upgrade yourself!
Tara Estacaan|Growing Up' ----To become someone,to reach outfor things you have dreamt of.There is nogoing back.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|I picture it like Judgement Day,' he says finally, his eyes on the water. 'We'll rise up out of our bodies and find each other again in spirit form. We'll meet in that new place, all of us together, and first it'll seem strange, and pretty soon it'll seem strange that you could ever lose someone, or get lost.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Grampa Foster always says that every single experience has something to teach us about ourselves. “So don’t expect to get too comfortable or you’ll never learn a thing!”Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|The freedom we want, for ourselves and for others, is not an absolute metaphysical, abstract freedom which in practice is inevitably translated into the oppression of the weak; but it is real freedom, possible freedom, which is the conscious community of interests, voluntary solidarity.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|Best (male-female) friends hardly differ from lovers, but not too many lovers are best friends.It's just ironical that you are in love and want to spend the rest of your life with someone who is not good enough to be your best friend.
Mary Schmich|I could write an entertaining novel about rejection slips, but I fear it would be overly long.
John Henry Newman, The Idea of a University|And this is the sense of the word "grammar" which our inaccurate student detests, and this is the sense of the word which every sensible tutor will maintain. His maxim is "a little, but well"; that is, really know what you say you know: know what you know and what you do not know; get one thing well before you go on to a second; try to ascertain what your words mean; when you read a sentence, picture it before your mind as a whole, take in the truth or information contained in it, express it in your own words, and, if it be important, commit it to the faithful memory. Again, compare one idea with another; adjust truths and facts; form them into one whole, or notice the obstacles which occur in doing so. This is the way to make progress; this is the way to arrive at results; not to swallow knowledge, but (according to the figure sometimes used) to masticate and digest it.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|Business is not about negotations, its about mutually finding a point of balance where both parties find their objectives meeting.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy of presence, do not try to express or impress.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|He broke off his explanation, seeing in his daughter's eyes the exact moment that a child first understands there are limits on what her parents can do, rather than just limits on what they choose to do. He knelt before her in a moment's silence, somewhat less than he had been just seconds before, and Emy a half step closer to the woman she would one day become.
Helen Sharman|While it's true that women are the minority in most tech companies, I don't think that inhibits entry into the tech space. My motto has always been, 'Live What You Love,' and as such, I think it's incredibly important to do work you believe in and to work for a company that has values that align with your own, be it in tech or another industry.
Charlotte Eriksson|Once you open your home to nursing, you essentially become the employer of a small staff, even if you aren’t signing the paychecks. As in any workplace, the staff needs to know the rules and expectations, and it is your job to set them and communicate them well. This is your new job; you’ve been promoted to Home Care CEO.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Who’s driving the boat?”Over the motor, I heard girls screaming at us the instant before we crashed.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|Walk with me to the beach. We need privacy," he said quietly, his voice a seductive whisper against her ear.
Mahatma Gandhi|Truth, when not sought after, rarely comes to light.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Happiness branches from the tree of kindness, abounding with the fruit of sweet smiles.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Untold Tale|Now he understood clearly that roads do divide, at the crossroad there is a choice, and blinding oneself to it is a form of choosing, too; it is the fool's way, the coward's way.
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|Much to her dismay, he was even better looking up close. The kind of sexy that made panties fly on stage. The kind of sexy that made her want to say, “Screw you!” to her twenty-four more man-less days.
E. O. Wilson|I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning; that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change; and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
Rajen Biswa|Love is the only way to grasp another human being in the innermost core of his personality. No one can become fully aware of the very essence of another human being unless he loves him. By his love he is enabled to see the essential traits and features in the beloved person; and even more, he sees that which is potential in him, which is not yet actualized but yet ought to be actualized. Furthermore, by his love, the loving person enables the beloved person to actualize these potentialities. By making him aware of what he can be and of what he should become, he makes these potentialities come true. In logotherapy, love is not interpreted as a mere epiphenomenon of sexual drives and instincts in the sense of a so-called sublimation. Love is as primary a phenomenon as sex. Normally, sex is a vehicle of expression for love. Sex is justified, even sanctified, as soon as, but only as long as, it is a vehicle of love. Thus love is not understood as a mere side-effect of sex; rather, sex is a way of expressing the experience of that ultimate togetherness which is called love.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|That's a lot of what the ghetto is, a reflection of poor self esteem
Jeffrey McDaniel|We didn’t deny the obvious,but we didn’t entirely accept it either.I mean, we said hello to it each morningin the foyer. We patted its little headas it made a mess in the backyard,but we never nurtured it. Many nights the obvious showed upat our bedroom door, in its pajamas,unable to sleep, in need of a hug,and we just stared at it like an Armenian,or even worse— hid beneath the coversand pretended not to hear its tiny sobs.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Smiling, I cut across the quadrangle toward the commons. I felt better about life than I had in a very long time. We could do this, Lissa and me. We could do this together.
Jean-Michel Jarre|I didn't even have a clear idea of why I wanted to go to Oxford - apart from the fact I had fallen in love with the architecture. It certainly wasn't out of some great sense of academic or intellectual achievement. In many ways, my education only began after I'd left university.
Anthony Kennedy|When you become a sannyasin, I initiate you into freedom, and into nothing else... I am destroying your ideologies, creeds, cults, dogmas, and I am not replacing them with anything else.
Larken Rose|Politics: the art of using euphemisms, lies, emotionalism and fear-mongering to dupe average people into accepting--or even demanding--their own enslavement.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|My mother's journals are a shadow play with mine. I am a woman wedded to words. Words cast a shadow. Without a shadow there is no depth. Without a shadow there is no substance. If we have no shadow, it means we are invisible. As long as I have a shadow, I am alive.
Allie Burke, Paper Souls|What to do with life? Get out of bed, Derek. That’s what you do. You get out of bed, and you get yourself a cup of fucking coffee. That’s all you can do.
J. Grace Pennington, Never|When, however, you have an enemy, then do not requite him good for evil: for that would shame him. Instead, prove that he did some good for you. And rather be angry than put to shame! And when you are cursed, I do not like it that you want to bless. Rather curse a little also! And if you are done a great injustice, then quickly add five small ones. Hideous to behold is he who is obsessed with an injustice.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|That night, we talked the way old friends do, with candor and ease.
Henry Miller|The continent is full of buried violence, of the bones of antediluvian monsters and of lost races of man, of mysteries which are wrapped in doom. The atmosphere is at times so electrical that the soul is summoned out of its body and runs amok. Like the rain everything comes in bucketsful - or not at all. The whole continent is a huge volcano whose crater is temporarily concealed by a moving panorama which is partly dream, partly fear, partly despair. From Alaska to Yucatan it's the same story. Nature dominates. Nature wins out. Everywhere the same fundamental urge to slay, to ravage, to plunder. Outwardly they seem like a fine, upstanding people - healthy, optimistic, courageous. Inwardly they are filled with worms. A tiny spark and they blow up.
Rudolf Carnap, The Unity of Science|Chélan had acted as imprudently for Julien as he had for himself. He had given him the habit of reasoning correctly, and of not being put off by empty words, but he had neglected to tell him that this habit was a crime in the person of no importance, since every piece of logical reasoning is offensive.
Thrity Umrigar, The Space Between Us|She wanted to explain everything to him—how certain notes of the Moonlight Sonata shredded her heart like wind inside a paper bag; how her soul felt as endless and deep as the sea churning on their left; how the sight of the young Muslim couple filled her with an emotion that was equal parts joy and sadness; and above all, how she wanted a marriage that was different from the dead sea of marriages she saw all around her, how she wanted something finer, deeper, a marriage made out of silk and velvet instead of coarse cloth, a marriage made of clouds and stardust and red earth and ocean foam and moonlight and sonatas and books and art galleries and passion and kindness and sorrow and ecstasy and of fingers touching from under a burqua.
Shannon L. Alder|There are many forms of love as there is moments in time, and you are capable of feeling them all at different stages of your life.
John C. Lennox|If Christ has died for me, I cannot trifle with the evil that killed my best Friend.
Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|Most of the time, I think you have to make a choice—at a certain point—of the man you want to be. And I will tell you at that time you need a parent or a friend. And if you've learnt to hate your parent by then and you have no friends...then you're all alone. And being alone—that's so hard."-Draco Malfoy
Louis Sullivan|Life, it is true, can be grasped in all its confused futility merely by opening one's eyes and sitting passively, a spectator on the stands of history - but to understand the social processes and conflicts, the interplay between individual and group, even the physicality of human experience, we have need of small-scale models.
Jon Bon Jovi|I'm not gonna lie, I love Usain Bolt and Serena Williams. What I love about Serena is that she just gets on the floor and she dominates. She handles her business very well, I respect that.
Kate Moss|Just to go into a shop without getting stared at would be nice. I mean, I don't walk around like, 'Oh, I'm trying to be famous' - I try to lead as normal a life as possible - but sometimes it's annoying. It's fine; it's not a massive problem, but sometimes it's just a bit uncomfortable.
Joe Abercrombie, Half a War|Sometimes we pray earnestly, other times we only make a slight mention of a thing and with great expectation, we await the answers to our request. Yet, we are blown away at the fulfillment of the very thing for which we pulled on heaven. You know why? In those moments we see the magnanimity of GOD's unfailing mercy to undeserving men like us.
Slavenka Drakulić, Frida's Bed|I know now that everything after the accident was merely a tactic to indulge in escapism and self-delusion. When you are hit by a streetcar that almost smashes you to a pulp, when you experience your own end...there is no recovery, only temporary respite, she thought.Pain made me aware of my body. My body made me aware of deterioration and death. That awareness made me old. My death sentence may have been deferred, but I now had to live with a twofold realization. Not only was I going to die—there was nothing unusual about that except that I was made to realize it at a tender age—but I knew exactly what that meant. Because I had already been through it. Unlike other condemned people for whom death is an abstraction because they have no idea what really awaits them, my stay of death came with a constant reminder, the presence of pain.
Katja Michael|When tradition is thought to state the way things really are, it becomes the director and judge of our lives; we are, in effect, imprisoned by it. On the other hand, tradition can be understood as a pointer to that which is beyond tradition: the sacred. Then it functions not as a prison but as a lens.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Life isn't all perpetual bliss, nor is it one woeful weeping session. But you can concentrate so hard on noticing moments of one or the other that either a bright outlook or dim expectations becomes your regular illusion.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|It's not a pretty world, Papa.''I've noticed,' my father said softly.
David Cloud|This is also the case with our disease-care system: it focuses on treating symptoms as if they were root causes, and as a result, it tends to choose interventions that completely ignore the true root causes and thus make it highly likely that symptoms will reappear.
Sadamu Yamashita, Silent Hill 2: The Novel|The world of shadows and superstition that was Victorian England, so well depicted in this 1871 tale, was unique. While the foundations of so much of our present knowledge of subjects like medicine, public health, electricity, chemistry and agriculture, were being, if not laid, at least mapped out, people could still believe in the existence of devils and demons. And why not? A good ghost story is pure entertainment. It was not until well into the twentieth century that ghost stories began to have a deeper significance and to become allegorical; in fact, to lose their charm. No mental effort is required to read 'The Weird Woman', no seeking for hidden meanings; there are no complexities of plot, no allegory on the state of the world. And so it should be. At what other point in literary history could a man, standing over the body of his fiancee, say such a line as this: 'Speak, hound! Or, by heaven, this night shall witness two murders instead of one!'Those were the days.(introduction to "The Weird Woman")
Therone Shellman|It's not so much what you accomplish. But what's more important is how far you've come to accomplish what you have.Success is the measure of not mere achievement, but also how hard one had to work.
E.Y. Harburg|Crew up, Nailer!" Lucky Girl shouted. "You think I'm going to pull your ass up here like a damn swank?
Patti Callahan Henry, Between The Tides|Over time, hidden truths morph in the dark soil of deceit into something much worse.
Patricia C. Wrede, Thirteenth Child|But despite the fact that life is full of risk, yet without taking risk, we stand a greater risk.
Ernest Renan, Qu'est-ce qu'une nation?|The oblivion, and I'll say even the historical error, are a key factor in the creation of a nation, to the extent that the progress of historical studies is often a danger to nationality.
Patricia Briggs, Fair Game|What would a racist call werewolves? Wargs? She kind of liked that one, but suspected that racist bastards didn't read Tolkien.
Scott Thompson|I'll do humor about myself, I'll poke fun and everything, but that's me and I can do it to me. I think it's cruel to do it to somebody else.
Cyril Connolly|If you don't know a lot about figure skating, it's easy to fall in love with ice dancing because it's so romantic and so theatrical.
Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety|We do so much, we run so quickly, the situation is difficult, and many people say, "Don't just sit there, do something." But doing more things may make the situation worse. So you should say, "Don't just do something, sit there." Sit there, stop, be yourself first, and begin from there.
Erol Ozan|When you fall in love, you land on a cloud.
Ridley Scott|Tons of comedians have said, 'I grew up learning from Bill Cosby. He's great.' But that respect doesn't mean much to the young people. They like their ginger ale with hot sauce.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Diane di Prima, Memoirs of a Beatnik|You’re saying you don’t want me?”Aw hell. “No, I’m saying this is a bad idea.”“You’re the king of bad ideas,” he reminds me. “At least this one ends with both of us feeling good.
Skrillex|I don’t care if he hangs out with Skream/Benga or whoever,” he spat, “it’s just pure nonsense to ruin a hardcore genre with gay synths, chopped chipmunk vocals and cheesy poppy shit just so you can make a shitload of money and be an icon to a fanbase that consists of 13 year old wannabe dubheads and doesn’t know shit about music.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
Nancy B. Brewer|The pages that follow will be our journey of the life we built together here in Concord, North Carolina. These pages will reveal fragments from the past and events that occurred along the way.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|though aging reduces speed, it increases experience and understanding
Tracy March, Should've Said No|Two old women described as "Charmed meets The Golden Girls with a little Bewitched thrown in for fun" were bound to have something curious to contribute.
jinnuljr.|maybe in some cases, people see us fall and crack, see us as a failure. We gotta live with it, i live by our own code we shouldn't be ashamed if we fall, for every fall we get up and pick up ourselves a larger chance we win the next time because we learned.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Be thankful for a breath of fresh air to be alive and well. Allow love and happiness to penetrate throughout your mind and soul. Take time to relax and live in the moment, the now, the present. Enjoy today.
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|This is perhaps as good a place as any to point out that what distinguishes many reformers from those who cannot accept their proposals is not their greater philanthropy, but their greater impatience. The question is not whether we wish to see everybody as well off as possible. Among men of good will such an aim can be taken for granted. The real question concerns the proper means of achieving it. And in trying to answer this we must never lose sight of a few elementary truisms. We cannot distribute more wealth than is created. We cannot in the long run pay labor as a whole more than it produces.
Sallie Tisdale, Violation: Collected Essays by Sallie Tisdale|The Four Stages of Writer’s BlockW.B. Stage I: I want to write but I can’t.W.B. Stage II: I have to write but I can’t. W.B. Stage I: I don’t want to write but I have to.W.B. Stage I: I don’t have time for writing … and, honestly, I don’t feel like writing.
Iain M. Banks|A temple was worth a dozen barracks; a militia man carrying a gun could control a small unarmed crowd only for as long as he was present; however, a single priest could put a policeman inside the head of every one of their flock, for ever.
Jana Oliver, Foretold|Most dancers find their confidence in dancing. Right is mere millimeters away from wrong. Failure is always louder than success. But there is an accumulation of all the things you don’t do wrong, and it becomes your confidence. You can even get to the point where confidence lasts longer than the dance. Seconds at first. Then minutes. Then maybe it’ll be there when you’re walking into a party, or meeting people after a show. You know you have something desirable, and you know you can move.
Stephen Richards|To be happy, make others happy.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|There is a husband who requires mileage receipts, another who wants sex at three a.m One who forbids short haircuts, another who refuses to feed the pets. I would never put up with that, the other wives think. Never.
Cornel West|If the education of our kids comes from radio, television, newspapers - if that's where they get most of their knowledge from, and not from the schools, then the powers that be are definitely in charge, because they own all those outlets.
Delta Burke|I will say that as I get older and calmer and quieter in my own self, the one quality in a woman that I find more and more attractive is kindness. A sense of adventure and humor is important too, but I truly find kindness and consideration for others to be the most attractive thing in anyone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Love is years of devotion, sacrifice, commitment, loyalty, trust, faith, and friendship all wrapped up in one. True love does more than cause your heart to flutter. It upholds your heart when the infatuation no longer makes it flutter.
Jean Rhys, Smile Please: An Unfinished Autobiography|I like shape very much. A novel has to have shape, and life doesn't have any. 
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If you don’t take your stand for Christ, you will be on the wrong side, and someday when it is too late, you’ll cry out, “I’ve taken the wrong stand!” You’ll be in the devil’s trap! You can’t lick the devil.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|The scariest part of discovering that you have the power to change your life, is not doubting if you can do what it takes to achieve your goals: it is the realization that you are now responsible, and there’s nothing out of yourself to blame.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Wings of the Wicked|If I kiss you now, I won’t be able to stop. We’ll miss the party.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Most people are doing their best,most of the time.
William Saroyan|But try to remember that a good man can never die. You will see your brother many times again-in the streets, at home, in all the places of the town. The person of a man may go, but the best part of him stays. It stays forever.
Roy  Bennett|Open your heart! Even in trying times. Relax. Breathe. Allow. Feel lighter, happier, and at peace.
Andrew Shaffer, How to Survive a Sharknado and Other Unnatural Disasters: Fight Back When Monsters and Mother Nature Attack|The bones and shells and peels of things are where a lot of their goodness resides. It's no more or less lamb for being meat or bone; it's no more or less pea for being pea or pod. Grappa is made from the spent skins and stems and seeds of wine grapes; marmalade from the peels of oranges. The wine behind grappa is great, but there are moments when only grappa will do; the fruit of the orange is delicious, but it cannot be satisfactorily spread.“The skins of onions, green tops from leeks, stems from herbs must all be swept directly into a pot instead of the garbage. Along with the bones from a chicken, raw or cooked, they are what it takes to make chicken stock, which you need never buy, once you decide to keep its ingredients instead of throwing them away. If you have bones from fish, it's fish stock. If there are bones from pork or lamb, you will have pork or lamb stock.
Stan Schatt, Hello Again|I think everything should have an end, an end of the brutal stuff happening home. ENd for the song, end of the film, end of the evil... This how it must go and it will go, if you think that evil has gone it's still here. If you believe in god, that's means that you believe this evil.
Jonathan Martin, How to Survive a Shipwreck: Help Is on the Way and Love Is Already Here|The cross of Jesus says to us there is nothing God won't do to bring us home--except force us to choose him. The cross is God laying down his great power so we might be compelled by the beauty of his heart. He will not coerce us, but only woo us.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|To Garan's credit, the treatment of Dellian prisoners did change after that. One particularly laconic man, after a session in which Fire learned positively nothing, thanked her for it specifically. "Best dungeons I ever been in," he said, chewing on a toothpick."Wonderful," Garan grumbled when he had gone. "We'll grow a reputation for our kindness to lawbreakers.
Karl Ove Knausgård|In the streets outside everything was still. The hour before five was the only time of day this city slept. In my earlier life, during the twelve years I had lived in Bergen I used to stay up at night as often as I could. I never reflected on this, it was just something I liked and did. It had started as a student ideal, grounded in a notion that in some way night was associated with freedom. Not in itself but as a response to the nine-to-four reality which I, and a couple of others, regarded as middle-class and conformist. We wanted to be free, we stayed up at night. Continuing with this had less to do with freedom than a growing need to be alone. This, I understood now, I shared with my father. In the house where we lived he had a whole studio apartment to himself and he spent more or less every evening there. The night was his.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see, our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows your name.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|It made no sense to him, this idea that some people got God and some people didn't.
Melvyn Bragg|As long as the attitude is to only show the sheet metal, then automobile advertising will continue to be wretched.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|You know what I am." The words breathed out in an auguished whisper. "I'm part demon, Clary. Part demon. You understood that much, didn't you?" His eyes bored into her like drills. "You saw what Valentine was trying to do. He used demon blood-used it on me before I was even born. I'm part monster. Part everthing I've tried so hard to burn out, to destroy.
Peter Diamandis|I had parents who believed I could do anything - and I know how that made me feel. I think both my parents, having careers in the medical profession, feel they are helping people on a daily basis, and that was inculcated in me as a value. I had to struggle with giving up the idea of becoming a doctor myself.
Gail Jones, Dreams Of Speaking|Camus had said in his 'Carnets' that the lives of others appear always, from the outside, to have a completion our own dismally lacks. Only when we understand this as a projection - that our lives, too, are unclosed and contingent - do we approach maturity. Alice felt immature. She felt that she was a spy in the cold.
Irene Gut Opdyke|The visual of Satan isn’t one of a big red devil with horns. Even worse, it’s the picture of something good, twisted enough to be compelling.
Jill McCorkle|I believe firmly that in making ethical decisions, man has the prerogative of true freedom of choice.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|But when the social entity grows large, becomes a megalopolis, a state, a federation, then the governing machine grows remote, impersonal, even inhuman. It takes money from us for purposes we do not seem to sanction; it treats us as abstract statistics; it controls an army; it supports a police force whose function does not always appear to be protective.
Thomas Jefferson|There has always been, and there is now, a profound conflict of interest between the people and the government of the United States.
Dada Bhagwan|Egoism does not have eyes of its own. Some days, it sees through the eyes of the intellect (buddhi). However, what will happen if you befriend a blind man?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|All that is gold does not glitter,Not all those who wander are lost;The old that is strong does not wither,Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|A story is a part of the writer's soul, told to the world.
Barbara De Angelis|Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife.
Evy Michaels|I have a suspicion that when first built, Stonehenge may have glowed blue with St. Elmo's fire during certain times of the year
Octavio Paz, Sunstone/Piedra De Sol|because two bodies, naked and entwined,leap over time, they are invulnerable,nothing can touch them, they return to the source,there is no you, no I, no tomorrow,no yesterday, no names, the truth of twoin a single body, a single soul,oh total being...
Deyth Banger|Everyone has a story with coca-cola people like Wayne Dyer even and people like Alan Rickman and many other people, so... they are dead so you can take it Coca-Cola is part of the history!
Amy Sohn|Every person is attractive to somebody. You are. I am. Jim Bob over there is, too. Every person is probably ugly to somebody, too. You are. I am. Jim Bob over there is, too. Don’t take it personally.And, we all need to do ourselves a favor. We need to believe people when they tell us we’re beautiful, handsome, sexy, attractive, hot, or hunkalicious, especially when that someone is somebody that we think is beautiful, handsome, sexy, attractive, hot, or babealicious.Because you know what? They probably really think so. They probably aren’t lying. They probably don’t give a damn that you don’t look like Pamela Anderson.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|You will never really think hard about your life until your oxygen mask is taken away from you when you are at the bed of the ocean. At that exact moment, your true self will be revealed. You will really know if you are a believer or an atheist, whether you really love life or hate it as you usually say. All your claims will be tested
Cari Silverwood, Iron Dominance|You got the list?” Lewis asked.“What the hell is the deal with the temperature?”“Razel is not allowed to sweat,” Maximo answered. “If she does,fanatics will appear from nowhere like mischievous sprites and bottleeach drop and then sell it on eBay for millions.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.
Scott Kelly|I don't think I'm a workaholic. Every weekend, I invite my colleagues and friends to my home to play cards. And people, my neighbors, are always surprised because I live on the second floor apartment, and there are usually 40 pairs of shoes in front of my gate, and people play cards inside and play chess. We have a lot of fun.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|Purses are dreamt up by artists, not architects.
Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom and Other Writings|Sexual pleasure is, I agree, a passion to which all others are subordinate but in which they all unite.
Wogu Donald|Life is beautiful,though the circumstances and situations around us may not say so,but life is certainly beautiful
Leah Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|From beneath the folds of his robes, he reveals a small steel dagger. “You have tempted fate so many times already and still yield to it. Time for history to rewrite itself. Time for Tutankhamen to have a new ending.” Aten holds the hilt out to me.I stare at the dagger. The hilt is bronze, carved with sun discs that glow when they catch the sun. “What do you want me to do with that?”Aten smiles a white, gaping grin. “Kill Tutankhamen and carve out his heart.
Derek Preston|It doesn't matter what you look like on the outside, because anyone who knows you knows what a great guy you are on the inside. You're honest and true.
Margaret Bullitt-Jonas, Holy Hunger: A Woman's Journey from Food Addiction to Spiritual Fulfillment|After the service was over, I whispered to one of my fellow staff members, "If I commit suicide, I'll tattoo a message on my body. People will read the message on my body, if my dead body alone is not communication enough. I will make my message clear.""Well," he shrugged, "they could always just close the lid of the coffin.
Benjamin Moser, Why This World: A Biography of Clarice Lispector|There is no right to punish. There is only the power to punish,' she wrote. 'A man is punished for his crime because the State is stronger than he; the great crime of War is not punished because beyond the individual there is mankind, and beyond mankind there is nothing at all.
Young-Ha Kim, I Have the Right to Destroy Myself|Novels are food for the leftover hours of life, the in-between times, the moments of waiting.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|There is no living being on earth at this moment except myself. I could walk down the halls, and empty rooms would yawn mockingly at me from every side. God, but life is loneliness, despite all the opiates, despite the shrill tinsel gaiety of 'parties' with no purpose, despite the false grinning faces we all wear. And when at last you find someone to whom you feel you can pour out your soul, you stop in shock at the words you utter — they are so rusty, so ugly, so meaningless and feeble from being kept in the small cramped dark inside you so long. Yes, there is joy, fulfillment and companionship — but the loneliness of the soul in it's appalling self-consciousness, is horrible and overpowering.
Dorothy L. Sayers|Facts are like cows. If you look them in the face long enough, they generally run away.
Tara Brown|Vikings don't have faults, they have clubs.
Chriselle Ravadilla|More than just someone to lay down with, is a spirit to pray up with.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Instead I watched Layla as she bolted over the battered desk, heading for the door Charlotte and Kate had just disappeared through. Good girl.The thought screeched to a halt as I watched her run straight past it.
rassool jibraeel snyman|Do what you have to do, so that you can do what you want to do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Not every relation has the same fate, not every relation has the same name, some relations are in our deepest desire which can never be fulfilled, but they ever remains in our heart for ever,... there lies the purity of such relations...
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|They say the level of civilization is proportionate to the degree of cleanliness of the skin. Assuming that man has a soul, it must, in all likelihood, be housed in the skin.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|I can totally tell you, how can you make your dreams come true? how to live easy? or how to go far in life ?. Simply i'll teach you how to dream.well, imagine with me, you woke at the 6am or 7am, whats your brain can tell you? and you already know it will be a long day, you want to take your shower, you want to take your breakfast, you want to wear your cloths, you want to out from your home in 30min, you want to take the bus or subway to your work or your school, you want to take a coffée in 15min.. all i said it's probably right. so imagine with me again, what if we remove the word "you want" and replace it with "dream". so you dreamed to take a shower, and then you took your shower as you imagined in your head, you dreamed to take a breakfast, and then you took your breakfast as you imagined in your head, you dreamed to wear your cloths, and then you wore the cloths as you imagined too, you dreamed to out from your home in 30min, you dreamed to take the bus or subway to your work or your school, you dreamed to take a coffée in 15min.its simply your little dreams are coming true. so what about the big dreams? its possible? did you see ? you just need to trust in your dreams. and live with all your dreams like that and like a friend. and feed them with your time and your energy whatever your dream is, just try to keep it alive and know that without dreams you reach nothing, and know that theres alot of haters they want kill your dreams, show them who you are.
James Russell Lingerfelt, Alabama Irish|I’ve learned that when people are hurting, they need a comforter, not a commentator.
Akshay Vasu|He stood in rain and the storm, watching a demon with his face standing and laughing at him on a chariot run by drunk horses. The storm threw dust into his eyes, while the demon unleashed the horses one after the other at him.
Leonardo da Vinci|All the lessons are in nature. You look at the way rocks are formed - the wind and the water hitting them, shaping them, making them what they are. Things take time, you know?
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|If we were to excavate the deepest recesses of our consciousness, we would discover many beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true and that may never have been true...We may have defined ourselves in a limiting way based on our history and the opinion of others...and we stay stuck there because we fail to recognize there is a door right in front of us providing another opportunity to redefine who we are today.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|It is a small world. You do not have to live in it particuarly long to learn that for yourself. There is a theory that, in the whole world, there are only five hundred real people (the cast, as it were; all the rest of the people in the world, the theory suggests, are extras) and what is more, they all know each other. In reality the world is made of thousands upon thousands of groups of about five hundred people, all of whom will spend their lives bumping into each other, trying to avoid each other, and discovering each other in the same unlikely teashop in Vancouver. There is an unavoidability to this process. It's not even coincidence. It's just the way the world works, with no regard for individuals or for propriety.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|I'd never been great at meeting people. I wasn't shy or anything, It was only that sometimes, with new people, I didn't know how exactly to start a conversation. I liked to listen first. You could learn a lot about someone that way.
Matthew Sylvester, Bitter Defeat|In a flurry of sharp brocade coattails and gossamer gowns cut in the Neo-Baroque fashion, the crowd turns back to their conversations, the perfect epitome of what all Aristocrats are like—bored and quickly dissatisfied with the latest trends.
Tove Jansson, The True Deceiver|When Mats came in the evenings, they would drink tea in the kitchen while reading their books and talking about them. If Katri came in, they were quiet and waited for her to leave. The back door would close, and Katri would have gone.“Does your sister read our books?” Anna wanted to know.“No. She reads literature.
Sylvia Plath|Control said nothing, had said nothing for quite some time as if he didn't trust words anymore. Or had begun to cherish the answers silence gave him.
N.K. Jemisin, The Broken Kingdoms|I'm gonna kick your miserable ass, God!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Four great adventures; read, learn, write and travel.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Naw, Jem. I think that there is just one kind of folks. Folks."Jen turned and punched his pillow. WHen he settle back his face was cloudy. He was going in to one of his declines, and I grew wary. His brows came together; his mouth became a thin line. He was silent for a while. That is what I thought, too," he said at last, "when I was your age. If there is just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go ut of their way to despise each other? Scout, I think I am beginning to understand something. I think I'm beginning to understand why Boo Radley stayed shut up in the house all this time...it's because he wants to stay inside
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Once in a while a story is spectacular enough to break through and attract media attention, but the swell quickly subsides into the general glut of bad news over which we, as citizens, have so little control.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|She stared at herself in the mirror. Her eyes were dark, almost black, filled with pain. She'd let someone do that to her. She'd known all along she felt things too deeply. She became attached. She didn't want a lover who could walk away from her, because she could never do that - love someone completely and survive intact if her left her.
Holly Black, Tithe|Tell them about how you're never really a whole person if you remain silent, because there's always that one little piece inside you that wants to be spoken out, and if you keep ignoring it, it gets madder and madder and hotter and hotter, and if you don't speak it out one day it will just up and punch you in the mouth from the inside.
CeeLo Green|Financial inclusion matters not only because it promotes growth, but because it helps ensure prosperity is widely shared. Access to financial services plays a critical role in lifting people out of poverty, in empowering women, and in helping governments deliver services to their people.
Carl Watson, The Hotel of Irrevocable Acts|I'd prefer to die in Texas when I'm old. They say most good things end the same way they started, and that's where I entered the world, so that's how I'll leave it. 
Abby McDonald, Getting Over Garrett Delaney|See" Kayla links her arm through mine, leaving Blake to jostle and race the other guys. "I tell them I can handle my own stuff, but it's like a mark of pride or something. I'm surprised Blake doesn't just hoist me over his shoulder and try to carry me, too!"I laugh, starting to relax. "Is it bad I can actually picture that?
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|I want to write about people who dream and wait for the night to end, who long for the light so they can hold the ones they love.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Love is deep, a mystery - who wants to understand its every particular?
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|Yellow joy was radiating from her. When you're happy for yourself, it fills you. When you're happy for someone else, it pours over. It was almost too bright to watch.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|He took a step back and stared down at her, and she watched the cold mask slowly slip back over his face. “So…that’s it? You just decide I’m not good enough to be with and-“ “Oh, Alessandro no! You know that’s not-“ “Well, let me tell you something, if you think you’re going to keep me away from my baby-“ “No,” Bree promised. “You can see him anytime you want…at my apartment.” He laughed bitterly and sniffled. “You know something ironic, Brianna? You’re probably the only woman who could have turned me into that man that you deem worthy of your love,” Alessandro walked towards the door and opened it. “Daddy?” a small voice called out. Both Alessandro and Bree turned to Will wearing identically stunned expressions. “Can you stay wif me ‘till I go sleep ‘gain?” Alessandro choked on a sob and left the room, slamming the door behind him.
Janette Rallison, How to Take the Ex Out of Ex-Boyfriend|You know, sometimes you've got to trust the people you love. You've got to trust that if they're good people, they'll make good decisions.
Jenny Han, Fire with Fire|What is it like when you lose someone you love?" Jane asked."You die, too. And you wait around for your body to catch up.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Last night I thought about all the kerosene I've used in the past ten years. And I thought about books. And for the first time I realized that a man was behind each one of the books. A man had to think them up. A man had to take a long time to put them down on paper. And I'd never even thought that thought before...It took some man a lifetime maybe to put some of his thoughts down, looking around at the world and life, and then I come along in two minutes and boom! it's all over.
Albert Camus|As a remedy to life in society I would suggest the big city. Nowadays, it is the only desert within our means.
Ellen Willis|Sadly, far too many politicians in Washington lack the courage to do something to fix our problems. They are worried about the political implications of making the hard choices we so desperately need to cut spending and shrink government.
Lynn Redgrave|Some words having to do with the death of the people in the World Trade Center attack had been added, and when I got to it, I had this overwhelmingly emotional experience. I struggled to get through the words; tears were streaming down my cheeks.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|No woman is an island-ess. We fall in love in hope of anchoring ourselves to someone else, to keep from falling.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There is no religion better than love, no color better than the color of happiness and no language better than the language of compassion.
A.G. Starling, It's a Love Game|She'd been trained as a child no to trust anyone, but he'd just saved her life, and she was freezing. He could be a yeti for all she cared.
Taylor Swift|I love you,” he says again, “and no other man will ever say those words and mean them the way I do.
Tahir Shah, Sorcerer's Apprentice|A cross between a foreign legion boot-camp and a secret-society initiation ritual, the ordeals were grounded in pain. One thing was obvious: the agenda, which was dedicated to grave discomfort, had been drawn up by a passionate sadist.
Vanessa Hudgens|I know how I want to operate as an artist. And that is by having an honest, genuine dialogue about this kind of screwed up journey I've had that I'm so thankful for.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|As you simplify your life, the laws of the universe will be simpler; solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor weakness weakness.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|I was always told that I was good in mathematics, and I guess my grades and standardized test scores supported that. My worst subjects were those that generally involved a lot of reading - English and history. So, having good test scores in math and mediocre ones in reading, I was naturally advised to major in engineering in college.
Adam Haslett|...I did what most kids do when their world feels destroyed. I tried to care less about what remained...It was untrue, of course.
Kathy Lyons, The Bear Who Loved Me|He didn't just want to mate with Becca, he wanted her to orgasm around his dick for a decade.
Sarah Caudwell, The Shortest Way to Hades|You will be interested to hear, Hilary, that it [the drug] had a most remarkable effect — even on Selena after a very modest quantity. She cast off all conventional restraints and devoted herself without shame to the pleasure of the moment." I asked for particulars of this uncharacteristic conduct. "She took from her handbag a paperback edition of Pride and Prejudice and sat on the sofa reading it, declining all offers of conversation.
Hillsong United|Unafraid, Unashamed, Lord we know who we are,We are the people and we won't be silent.Unified hear us cry at the top of our lungs,You are our God and we will not be shaken!
Robert Mueller|Something like riding a horse - which I've recently started doing - requires courage, especially for me, as I started out being actually scared of horses.
Lilly Avalon, Here All Along: A Short Story|I appreciate the fact that you have one redeeming quality, Jack, but that is all it is. Just a hint of redemption with six years of disappointment.No matter what you do,, it will never make up for what happened between us. I will never trust you. I will never again be comfortable around you. I will never look at you or think of you without considering the destruction you have train wrecked through my life.I wish you the very best in your future, because without you in my life I think I might finally have a future. And as angry as I am with what you have put me through, I am so very glad that we are now at this moment. This moment means I can move on the bigger and better things without you constantly weighing on my shoulders.I will never again turn a corner in New York terrified that I will run into you and even more terrified that I won't. I can go into any coffee shop I want.I can hope for love again. A love that will be more than anything you ever attempted to give me. Because the love I am looking for will be reciprocted one hundred and ten percent. There will never be another someone to distract our affections, because YOU will not be in the picture.*****So, as sad as this day is for me, as I am losing a part of myself with the loss of you, it is really just the beginning for me. It is like cutting off the spoiled part to get the juicy center. So, I would appreciate it this time, if you did not try and contact me. Because, as I'm sure you know, I deserve much better. I want everything this time around, and I deserve it!*****
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Destiny is usually around the corner. Like a thief, like a hooker, or a lottery vendor: its three most common personifications. But what destiny does not do is home visits. You have to go for it
Kamand Kojouri|I think, therefore I am?No, I simply am.I am. I am. I am.I will still be if I didn't think. In fact, it is only then that I would step into a different dimension of consciousness.Yes, I will still be if I didn't think. I will still be if I stopped breathing. I will still be because you still are. My words are written and you are receiving them. We are dancing. We are making love.And when you stop reading them, they will still be because nothing ever truly ceases to exist. There is not a thing that is not. Every thought, energy, and vibration is recycled. I am and I will continue to be because I manifest as the universe, therefore I will continue to manifest as the universe.
Bernardo Atxaga, Obabakoak|I think of the memory as being rather like a dam," he said, after a pause for thought. "It irrigates and gives life to our whole spirit. But, like a dam, it needs overflow channels if it's not to burst its banks. Because if it ever does overflow or burst, its waters will destroy everything in its path.
Irvine Welsh|When I look back, I am happy that my mum took me to the gymnastics club. I didn't join gymnastics to become a famous athlete or celebrity; it just happened - I did more than I expected, of course.
O. J. Simpson|My dad worked for different companies that made whiskey for a long time, so we were definitely whiskey drinkers. Growing up, my friends would get toy cars, and I would get swag from whisky companies.
Homer Hickam, Carrying Albert Home: The Somewhat True Story of A Man, His Wife, and Her Alligator|The way I see it, if everybody ran from bad things instead of trying to stop them, bad things would be all there is.
Sophocles|Who gets the risks? The risks are given to the consumer, the unsuspecting consumer and the poor work force. And who gets the benefits? The benefits are only for the corporations, for the money makers.
Gustave Flaubert, November|At other times, at the edge of a wood, especially at dusk, the trees themselves would assume strange shapes: sometimes they were arms rising heavenwards, , or else the trunk would twist and turn like a body being bent by the wind. At night, when I woke up and the moon and the stars were out, I would see in the sky things that filled me simultaneously with dread and longing. I remember that once, one Christmas Eve, I saw a great naked women, standing erect, with rolling eyes; she must have been a hundred feet high, but along she drifted, growing ever longer and ever thinner, and finally fell apart, each limb remaining separate, with the head floating away first as the rest of her body continued to waver
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Jesus, I'm not going to be one of those people who sits around talking about what they're going to do. I'm just going to do it.
Bruce Springsteen|Talk about a dream,try to make it real
J.K. Rowling|By attempting to kill you, Voldemort himself singled out the remarkable person who sits here in front of me, and gave him the tools for the job! It is Voldemort's fault that you were able to see into his thoughts, his ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike language in which he gives orders, and yet, Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort's world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been seduced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slightest desire to become one of Voldemort's followers!""Of course I haven't!" said Harry indignantly. "He killed my mum and dad!""You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!" said Dumbledore loudly. "The only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort's! In spite of all the temptation you have endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when you stared into a mirror that reflected your heart's desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror? Voldemort should have known then what he was dealing with, but he did not!
Jon Meacham, Thomas Jefferson: The Art of Power|I think I'm more curious than I used to be - curious about why people live like they do and how they make sense of their time... Do they see how the sun has made it like a champion around the world overnight, and that all day today we get another chance to be brave, to exercise our humanity with boldness and deft precision?
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom| 'Lady Wisdom' is my wife and those I reach with Truth understood are my children".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|Writing is like making love, editing is like giving your great grandfather a sponge bath.
Deyth Banger|The difference between reading a good book and Facebook, is that a good book is always hard to put down, whereas on Facebook it's become too easy to put anyone down.
Thomas Gordon, Parent Effectiveness Training: The Proven Program for Raising Responsible Children|It is one of those simple but beautiful paradoxes of life: When a person feels that he is truly accepted by another, as he is, then he is freed to move from there and to begin to think about how he wants to change, how we wants to grow, how he can become different, how he might become more of what he is capable of being.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Whether you are in business or simply want to be remembered positively, frankly consider these things: What makes you feel special and significant? What makes you unforgettable? When people see or think of you, what image do you think comes to mind?
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Turbulence during a relationship does not mean its core, foundation and essence changes. Couples will run into obstacles. The challenge may knock the wind out of them, but it does not have to cripple their resolve. Both people must trust that on the other side of crisis still exist the qualities you appreciate.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I don't think you fully understand the public, my friend; in this country, when something is out of order, then the quickest way to get it fixed is the best way.
Dee Henderson, The Healer|I love you, in my mind where my thoughts reside, in my heart where my emotions live, and in my soul where my dreams are born. I love you.
Jim George|God has a plan for the future and, because He is sovereign, it will come to pass. You can count on it!
Scott Adams, How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life|What you rarely see is a stillborn failure that transmogrifies into a stellar success. Small successes can grow into big ones, but failures rarely grow into successes.I can’t think of an example in my life. It’s generally true that if no one is excited about your art/product/idea in the beginning, they never will be. If the first commercial version of your work excites no one to action, it’s time to move on to something different. Don’t be fooled by the opinions of friends and family. They’re all liars.
Carrie Arcos, Out of Reach|The fact that he does not tell me the truth all the time makes me not sure of his truth at certain times, and then I work to figure out for myself if what he is telling me is the truth or not, and sometimes I can figure out that it's not the truth and sometimes I don't know and never know, and sometimes just because he says it to me over and over again I am convinced it is the truth because I don't believe he would repeat a lie so often. Maybe the truth does not matter, but I want to know it if only so that I can come to some conclusions about such questions as: whether he is angry at me or not; if he is, then how angry; whether he still loves her or not; if he does, then how much; whether he loves me or not; how much; how capable he is of deceiving me in the act and after the act in the telling.
Jennifer Elisabeth|So much has been done to my body, and still, somehow, not enough.
Langston Hughes|Those slight words and looks and touches are part of the soul's language; and the finest language, I believe, is chiefly made up of unimposing words, such as "light," "sound," "stars," "music"—words really not worth looking at, or hearing, in themselves, any more than "chips" or "sawdust." It is only that they happen to be the signs of something unspeakably great and beautiful. I am of opinion that love is a great and beautiful thing too, and if you agree with me, the smallest signs of it will not be chips and sawdust to you: they will rather be like those little words, "light" and "music," stirring the long-winding fibres of your memory and enriching your present with your most precious past.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Even when something is not your fault, toxic blame has no place in your life. Focus on your own empowerment and healing.
William Fulton, The Reluctant Metropolis: The Politics of Urban Growth in Los Angeles|While the living thing may easily be crushed by superior force, it none the less tries to turn the energies which act upon it into means of its own further existence. If it cannot do so, it does not just split into smaller pieces (at least in the higher forms of life), but loses its identity as a living thing. As long as it endures, it struggles to use surrounding energies in its own behalf. It uses light, air, moisture, and the material of soil. To say that it uses them is to say that it turns them into means of its own conservation. As long as it is growing, the energy it expends in thus turning the environment to account is more than compensated for by the return it gets: it grows.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|She kept her stare locked on his as she let go of his face and slowly, making sure he understood every step of the way,tilted her head back until her throat was arched and bared before him."Aelin," he breathed. Not in reprimand or warning, but... a plea. It sounded like a plea. He lowered his head to her exposed neck and hovered a hair's breath away.She arched her neck farther, a silent invitation.Rowan let out a soft groan and grazed his teeth against her skin.One bite, one movement, was all it would take for him to rip out her throat.His elongated canines slid along her flesh-gently, precisely. She clenched the sheets to keep from running her fingers down on his bare back and drawing him closer.He braced one hand beside her head, his fingers twining in her hair."No one else," she whispered. "I would never allow anyone else at my throat." Showing him was the only way he'd understand that trust, in a manner that only the predatory, Fae side of him would comprehend. "No one else," she said again.He let out another low groan, answer and confirmation and request, and the rumble echoed inside her. Carefully, he closed his teeth over the spot where her lifeblood thrummed and pounded, his breath hot on her skin.She shut her eyes, every sense narrowing on that sensation, on the teeth and mouth at her throat, on the powerful body trembling with restraint above hers. His tongue flicked against her skin.She made a small noise that might have been a moan, or a word, or his name. He shuddered and pulled back, the cool air kissing her neck. Wildness-pure wildness sparked in those eyes.
Karl Marx, Das Kapital|We have constructed an artifice, a Potemkin village of an ecosystem where we perpetrate the illusion that the things we consume have just fallen off the back of Santa’s sleigh, not been ripped from the earth. The illusion enables us to imagine that the only choices we have are between brands.
Nikki Sex, Amy's Gangbang Love Story|I was craving a chance at the lifelong fantasy, and I had that. That was a one-off thing. I was looking for an experience, Eric, not wanting to cultivate a habit.
Diamanda Galás, The Shit of God|I wake up and I see the face of the devil and I ask him, "What time is it?"And he says, How much time do you want?
William Shakespeare|Othello is about many different kinds of love: it’s about the light, beautiful side of love, and it’s about the twisted, darker side of love, and it’s about how, if you flip the emotional coin, love can make you do terrible things. (James Earl Jones)
Eileen Anglin|A feather is a sign from the angels. It is a response to a question, a thought or an emotion. It's their way of saying; "You are loved and are being guided through this by the angelic realm.
C. JoyBell C.|In my life, I have but one anchor and that anchor is my God. I think if you look closely enough, you can even see it in my eyes, you'll see a strong place, an anchor. That is God.
Ted Kosmatka, Portal 2: Lab Rat|He did not have time to wallow, to give a moment’s thought to what may have happened to her or whether she was alive.Turn into the punch, grab hold of the gun, leap into the arena. Attack.He had to move. Now.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pursuit of passion,
Becky Lynch|No matter where I travel, I make sure to carry a Vaseline body lotion with me to keep my skin well moisturised all the time.
Peter Partner, The Murdered Magicians|[Charles] Nodier’s later view was that fantasy reconciles men to their fate. Fantasy and the taste for chimeras, he wrote, are symptoms of a time of political decay and transition, when the unpleasant realities of political life are too hard to bear. They serve a useful purpose in that they give men hope when scepticism and disillusion would otherwise drive them to despair.
Dee Dee Myers|We all learn in school that the judicial, legislative and executive branches of government must check and balance each other. But other non state institutions must participate in this important system of checks and balances as well. These checking institutions include the academy, the media, religious institutions and NGOs.
Diane Setterfield|But pecuniary interest is clearly not in your nature. How quaint. I have written about people who don't care for money, but I never expected to meet one. Therefor I conclude that the difficulty concerns integrity. People whose lives are not balanced by a healthy love of money suffer from an appauling obsession with personal integrity." - Vida Winter
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Generosity has little to do with giving gifts, and everything to do with giving space to others to be who they are.
Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul II|And so I wait. I wait for time to heal the pain and raise me to me feet once again - so that I can start a new path, my own path, the one that will make me whole again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive thoughts, positive self-image.
A.C. Williams|John raised an eyebrow. “So you wouldn’t date someone like you?”“Oh, hell, no. I’m insane, but that would be nuts.
Minesh Shakya|Love, trust, sincerity and sex key element of happy married life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you not to waste or spend your life, you must first understand that time is life and life is time.
H.P. Lovecraft, Against Religion: The Atheist Writings of H.P. Lovecraft|It is no longer necessary to preach sonorously of the sinful and deleterious effect of liquor on the human mind and body; the essential evil is recognised scientifically, and only the sophistry of conscious immorality remains to be combated. Brewers and distillers still strive clumsily to delude the public by the transparent misstatements of their advertisements, and periodicals of easy conscience still permit these advertisements to disgrace their pages; but the end of such pernicious pretension is not remote. The drinker of yesterday flaunted his voice before all without shame; the average drinker of today must needs resort to excuses.
C. JoyBell C.|There is a law of the natural worlds (the spiritual and the physical) and this is something I have understood: that for every genuine existence, for every real manifestation and occurrence, there are are ten thousand falsities. Before you meet what or who is genuine, you will first have met, or known of, what is fake; and ten thousand times so! There is no need to feel disappointments, any number below ten thousand deceptions renders you a lucky person! And you ask why is there a need for this to happen? Well, if you have not known what is false first, there is no way to understand what then comes which is truth. What is lesser is so afraid of what is genuine, that it finds it necessary to imitate and duplicate that imitation ten thousand times over, for fear that you will finally meet what is real. The more important that one existence is, the more imitations there are in the world.
Charles Le Gai Eaton, King of the Castle: Choice and Responsibility in the Modern World|Sadly but, perhaps, not altogether unexpectedly this society has had very limited success in achieving what is supposed to be the justification for its existence-- the greatest amount of happiness for the greatest possible number of people. In so far as its citizens are saved from the major anxieties and responsibilities which normally surround the business of being a man, they transfer what appears to be an unvarying human capacity for worry to the most trivial things, making mountains out of molehills on a vast scale; and they have 'nervous breakdowns' over problems which men and women living under sterner conditions would hardly find time to notice.
Prince Edward, Duke of Kent|Intimacy transcends the physical. It is a feeling of closeness that isn’t about proximity, but of belonging. It is a beautiful emotional space in which two become one.
Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin|The host took care to produce one or another of these whenever the current subjects seemed about used up, so that the conversation gathered new life and at the same time steered clear of political arguments, which are hindersome to both ingestion and digestion.
Khaled Hosseini|I don't know if you have children of your own, Mariamjo, but if you do I pray that God look after them and spare you the grief that I have known. I still dream of them. I still dream of my dead children.I have dreams of you too, Mariam jo. I miss you. I miss the sound of your voice, your laughter. I miss reading to you, and all those times we fished together. Do you remember all those times we fished together? You were a good daughter, Mariam jo, and I cannot ever think of you without feeling shame and regret. Regret… When it comes to you, Mariamjo, I have oceans of it. I regret that I did not see you the day you came to Herat. I regret that I did not open the door and take you in. I regret that I did not make you a daughter to me, that l let you live in that place for all those years. And for what? Fear of losing face? Of staining my so called good name? How little those things matter to me now after all the loss, all the terrible things I have seen in this cursed war. But now, of course, it is too late. Perhaps this is just punishment for those who have been heartless, to understand only when nothing can be undone. Now all I can do is say that you were a good daughter, Mariamjo, and that I never deserved you. Now all I can do is ask for your forgiveness. So forgive me, Mariamjo. Forgive me. Forgive me. Forgive me.
Andrew Weil|If you don't smell good, then you don't look good.
Kate Milford, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|Cambodian dust whipped up in the wind and stuck to my clothes like clay. I put a hand between my face and the sun and blinked Phnom Penn dust from my tired eyes. One idea, drink, beamed light in all directions across my dark consciousness.A slim lady walked toward me with a big smile and a bigger head. Her left hand rested on her waggling hips and her right hand rose above her head, limp-wristed, like she’d just thrown a winning ball toward a basket and was leaving her hand in the shot position. The lady walking toward me was a man. At least that much was clear, but the nature or our relationship was still a fog to me. She wore blue jeans and a white top accentuating her breasts, but her Adam’s apple and cow sized hands revealed more in daylight than she could hide at night.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|No, I’m afraid your overconfidence, as with most young men who dream of becoming successful, can quite quickly become the Achilles’ heel of your continued mediocrity
Lemony Snicket, The End|In India, where there are no passports or identity discs, and where religions counts for so much- except among those few who have crossed the 'black water' - I believe that a man wearing a saffron robe, or carrying a beggar's bowl , or with silver crosses on his headgear and chest, could walk from Khyber Pass to Cape Comorin without once being questioned about his destination, or the object of his journey,
Drew Karpyshyn, Path of Destruction|A decision made in anger, however it was rationalized, was poisoned with bias from its origins. The very fact that I had thought of the option wrathfully rendered it unusable.
Roma Khetarpal, The "Perfect" Parent: 5 Tools for Using Your Inner Perfection to Connect with Your Kids|I would have stayed forever within the garden of Re-mose's childhood, but time is a mother's enemy.
Ben Hopkins|I grew up in such a musical family, and my dad was the first chair in the Johannesburg Symphony Orchestra, and my mom was a piano teacher and a painter, so it was kind of a creative environment, and it was kind of in my DNA.
Franz Kafka|I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound or stab us. If the book we're reading doesn't wake us up with a blow to the head, what are we reading for? So that it will make us happy, as you write? Good Lord, we would be happy precisely if we had no books, and the kind of books that make us happy are the kind we could write ourselves if we had to. But we need books that affect us like a disaster, that grieve us deeply, like the death of someone we loved more than ourselves, like being banished into forests far from everyone, like a suicide. A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. That is my belief.
Fernando Pessoa, A Little Larger Than the Entire Universe: Selected Poems|Ah! The anguish, the vile rage, the despairOf not being able to expressWith a shout, an extreme and bitter shout,The bleeding of my heart.
Augustine of Hippo|Forgiveness is the remission of sins. For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again.
Susan Lodge, Only a Hero Will Do|Have you ever seen Russian nesting dolls?”Thrown by the questions, she opened her eyes. Why would he suddenly speak about a child’s toy? “I own a few of them.”“Then you must understand that undressing you is like playing with one of those dolls. I open one to find another beneath it. I took away your gown to find you are still as clothed as you were a moment ago and I wonder how many more layers I will have to work through to get down to you—the doll I’m searching for.
Marcin Batylda, The World of the Witcher|In time, the witchers' steel swords earned the name of "swords for men." A foul moniker, though not one conjured out of thin air. A good steel blade is indeed our first line of defense against mankind's hatred, stupidity, or greed. The world is full of those who would happily kill a witcher - out of resentment toward our trade, for fame, or simply to profit by snatching up our hard-earned coin. So the witchers, fully aware of the situation, never hesitated to relieve this world of the burden of dolts who were so thick headed as to threaten their lives. For that reason, in my day we called our steel swords "swords for fools." Unfortunately, seeing as how mendacious the two-faced scoundrels of bitches seem to rule this world, a great many fools have been apparently spared this selection process.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|The author writes that key FDR aide Harry Hopkins was in such poor health near the end of his boss's second term that one observer said he didn't know how Hopkins could possibly report to the president. But, at the onset of war and genuine national emergency, Hopkins was animated with a new sense of purpose.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Do it again and again. Consistency makes the rain drops to create holes in the rock. Whatever is difficult can be done easily with regular attendance, attention and action.
Greg Behrendt|What I remember most about junior homecoming was my date getting sick afterwards. That kinda sucked. Then, senior year, someone got gum in her hair when we were dancing. She had to get one of the chaperones to take her to the office and cut up her hair. I felt really bad for her, but it worked out fine.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your mind is like a tunnel that has no end, and a baloon, that even too much air cannot burst.
Anita Ibeakanma, PRETTY FIGHTINGIRLS|If you teach how best to bite; watch out, you might as well be the first victim.
Kate Forsyth, The Puzzle Ring|There's a flame of magic inside every stone & every flower, every bird that sings & every frog that croaks. There's magic in the trees & the hills & the river & the rocks, in the sea & the stars & the wind, a deep, wild magic that's as old as the world itself. It's in you too, my darling girl, and in me, and in every living creature, be it ever so small. Even the dirt I'm sweeping up now is stardust. In fact, all of us are made from the stuff of stars.
Jessica Kristie|I build boxesand place them at your feet,to measure the distance between dreams and reality.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|And after the briefest flowering of understanding, my own generation had grown complacent. At some level, we must have started taking it for granted that the way the universe worked was now obvious to any child ... even though it went against everything innate to the species: the wild, undisciplined love of patterns, the craving to extract meaning and comfort from everything in sight.We thought we were passing on everything that mattered to our children: science, history, literature,art. Vast libraries of information lay at their fingertips. But we hadn't fought hard enough to pass onthe hardest-won truth of all: Morality comes only from within. Meaning comes only from within. Outside our own skulls, the universe is indifferent.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|...to create was a fundament, to appreciate, a supplement. Once created, the creature was separate from the creator, and needed no seconding to fully exist.
Anne Rice|I saw my real gods . . the gods of most men. Food, drink, and security in conformity.
Brooke Shields|Romance isn't measured by how viral your proposal goes. The Internet age may try to sell you something different, but don't ever forget that viral is closely associated with sickness - so don't ever make being viral your goal.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|She had always suffered from a curious fear of what was going to happen round the next corner. Even when life went smoothly and nothing occurred to justify her vague apprehensions, they did not altogether disperse. She had tried to face these fears and conquer them, but she could never do so entirely, she could only strain forward into the darkness of the future, expecting and fearing the unknown. She was brave in the face of dangers she could see, but she could not arm herself against shadows. These fears were her weakness.
Judy Blume, Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret|The society of girls is a very delightful thing, Copperfield. It's not professional, but it's very delightful.
Karl Marx, Capital, Vol 1: A Critical Analysis of Capitalist Production|Whatever you value, it becomes your sun! If you value a calm night, your own sun will rise with the sunset on the horizon!
Shanthi Sekaran, Lucky Boy|And good intentions? These scared him the most: people with good intentions tended not to question themselves. And people who didn't question themselves, in the scientific world and beyond, were the ones to watch out for.
Nikhil Yadav|I tried for a decade not to feel anything,” I said. I didn’t wipe away the tear that broke free. He’d already seen me cry. Erwin had seen me in literally every humor except perfectly happy. I had nothing to hide. ”Why are you making this happen?”He leaned in and we opened the space between ourselves once more just so he could kiss the tear away from my cheek. You sonofabitch, I mouthed but did not say.“Are you sure it’s all me?
Arash Tabish|I have always said which politics is ugly, still i would like to tell let's have no faith in politics and don't trust politician. see what is going on in our world most important in our own country, can you really see? people are getting killed or losing their life for the false and wrong purposes of those ugly politician. i can expect more worse the situation then it is right now, and I am pretty sure I won't be disappointed. i wish our fellow humans specially our nation understand that we will never be able to build our country by making war everywhere, as i always said that with war we can not bulid our country, make our nation life better and bring a positive change in our society or our world. with war we only destroy our country, killing our fellow human beings and even destroying humanity inside of ourselves. Let's understand that we have a group of wrong and ugly people which we call them ( politician ). they are trying to do whatever they can and it take even the let lots of people to die for their own purpose to get what they want. they will never be able to bring peace by what they are busy doing so please come join me and let's say (No) to war and not only with words but we need to show it practically in our life , Let's not to pick up guns and refuse to go War. We need to have faith in God and follow the right path that he showed us. Let's spread love among human beings. Remember that if you keep having faith in politics and politician, i promise that you will see more difficult time and more worse then how it is now. Let's stop making excuses, having faith in God, asking him for help and following the right path that he showed us.
Andreï Makine|Hope, love, and faith are in the waiting
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|Back at the cottage we explored the topography of my body; twigs in my hair, calves striped red and my skirt smudged in meadowtones. The forest underlined me, accentuated me, illustrated me. I felt alive in that midnight village whose dark places left their signatures on my skin, whose bites still hummed around my wrists. I didn’t notice till then the thousand nettle stings rising like pearls; burning bracelets that my love kissed and rubbed with dock leaves; a folk remedy painting my pulse points green; honorary stalks.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|All you need is a little hope in order cope in times of failure, and be able to try again with a better intelligence for excellence!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not sow good deeds, you fail to flourish your soul garden.
Ken Levine|We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.
E.L. James|Lying in my bed, I pray for a dreamless sleep... but if I am to dream, I want to dream of her.
Jack London|Thirty thousand a year was all right, but dyspepsia and inability to be humanly happy robbed such princely income of all its value.
Heather Brooke|The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Had it been the object or the intention of Jesus Christ to establish a new religion, he would undoubtedly have written the system himself, or procured it to be written in his life time. But there is no publication extant authenticated with his name. All the books called the New Testament were written after his death. He was a Jew by birth and by profession.
Vikrant S Rana|If young men and young women are brought up to consider frugality contemptible, and industry degrading, it is vain to expect they will at once become prudent and useful, when the cares of life press heavily upon them.
Steven Handel|Kindness is like a muscle, the more we exercise it the better we are at it.Kindness starts as a thought but ends as an action. Acting kindly toward others is the only real way to let people know we care about them and their happiness. Without action, kindness just lives in our minds but never touches the real world.Being kind to others doesn’t have to be complex or fancy. Sometimes the simplest acts of kindness are seen as the most sincere, such as holding the door, helping with directions, saying “please” and “thank you,” or even just a smile.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Well everybody's got a story to tell And everybody's got a wound to be healed I want to believe there's beauty here So, I guess you're tired of holding on I can't let go, I can't move on I want to believe there's meaning here How many times have you heard me cry out "God please take this"? How many times have you given me strength to Just keep breathing? Oh I need you God, I need you now. Standing on a road I didn't plan Wondering how I got to where I am I'm trying to hear that still small voice I'm trying to hear above the noise Though I walk, though I walk through the shadows And I, I am so afraid Please stay, please stay right beside me With every single step I take How many times have you heard me cry out? And how many times have you given me strength? I need you now I need you now
