Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.
Masashi Kishimoto|For awhile, I thought that was love.-Gaara
Al   Stone, Talisman Of El|A darkness different from Ember's, but just as frightening...
Andrew Solomon, 背離親緣（下）：那些與眾不同的孩子，他們的父母，以及他們尋找身分認同的故事|There is no such thing as reproduction, only acts of production.
P.G. Wodehouse, Thank You, Jeeves|I mean, if you're asking a fellow to come out of a room so that you can dismember him with a carving knife, it's absurd to tack a 'sir' on to every sentence. The two things don't go together.
Fran Drescher|This is my idea of heaven, coming home and watching the news.
Stephan Delbos|[On Jason Mashak's book SALTY AS A LIP, as reviewed in The Prague Post:] Mashak amalgamates various national, historical and religious traditions into a myth-mash that illuminates many sects' fanatical compartmentalizing, and the fact that so many religions and philosophies share similar goals, if not roots.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|To believe that we can have what we want is an act of trust – not only of others but also, ourselves.
Mary Gaitskill|Every now and then, when I think about it, I think, 'What would I even talk about onstage?' It's never been, 'I wonder if I'm funny. I wonder if I can come up with jokes.' It's more, 'What would it be like without the leather suit and the anger?'
Malinda Lo, Adaptation|All men think they're great kissers. Just like you think you're the only decent driver on the road.""Maybe, but I am. Amazing kisser. Dangerously amazing. Your panties would, like, disintegrate, I'm such an awesome kisser.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|When did we, as Christ followers, start to think that the church exists for us? When did we forget that we are the church? And that we're here for the world?
Christopher Hitchens|At least two important conservative thinkers, Ayn Rand and Leo Strauss, were unbelievers or nonbelievers and in any case contemptuous of Christianity. I have my own differences with both of these savants, but is the Republican Party really prepared to disown such modern intellectuals as it can claim, in favor of a shallow, demagogic and above all sectarian religiosity?Perhaps one could phrase the same question in two further ways. At the last election, the GOP succeeded in increasing its vote among American Jews by an estimated five percentage points. Does it propose to welcome these new adherents or sympathizers by yelling in the tones of that great Democrat bigmouth William Jennings Bryan? By insisting that evolution is 'only a theory'? By demanding biblical literalism and by proclaiming that the Messiah has already shown himself? If so, it will deserve the punishment for hubris that is already coming its way. (The punishment, in other words, that Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson believed had struck America on Sept. 11, 2001. How can it be that such grotesque characters, calling down divine revenge on the workers in the World Trade Center, are allowed a respectful hearing, or a hearing at all, among patriotic Republic
Charlotte Eriksson|Do what ought to be done, here and now, to get you somewhere — anywhere.
Jehovah, New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures|...'By wisdom a house is built up,And by discernment it is made secure.By knowledge its rooms are filledWith all sorts of precious and pleasant treasures.'– Proverbs 24:3, 4
Heather Graham|I think opera has gained a kind of glamorous appeal. It's a live performance that aligns all of the arts, and when it is represented in the media, in film in particular, it is presented as something that is really a special event, whether it's a great date or something that's just hugely romantic.
Christine Feehan, Oceans of Fire|The point is to be in the moment, not miss the moment while trying to capture it.
T.C. Boyle, If the River Was Whiskey|He'd possessed all the key elements of a school shooter: hormones, misery, ammunition. People wondered how something like Columbine could happen. Jude wondered why it didn't happen more often.
Alison McGhee, All Rivers Flow To The Sea|The water you kids were playing in, he said, had probably been to Africa and the North Pole. Genghis Khan or Saint Peter or even Jesus may have drunk it. Cleopatra might have bathed in it. Crazy Horse might have watered his pony with it. Sometimes water was liquid. Sometimes it was rock hard- ice. Sometimes it was soft- snow. Sometimes it was visible but weightless- clouds. And sometimes it was completely invisible- vapor- floating up into the the sky like the soals of dead people. There was nothing like water in the world, Jim said. It made the desert bloom but also turned rich bottomland into swamp. Without it we'd die, but it could also kill us, and that was why we loved it, even craved it, but also feared it. Never take water forgranted, Jim said. Always cherish it. Always beware of it.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Grown up, and that is a terribly hard thing to do. It is much easier to skip it and go from one childhood to another.
Richard Rogers|Sustainable development is the pathway to the future we want for all. It offers a framework to generate economic growth, achieve social justice, exercise environmental stewardship and strengthen governance.
W.G. Sebald, Vertigo|Once I am at leisure, said Salvatore, I take refuge in prose as one might in a boat. All day long I am surrounded by the clamour on the editorial floor, but in the evening I cross over to an island, and every time, the moment I read the first sentences, it is as if I were rowing far out on the water. It is thanks to my evening reading alone that I am still more or less sane.
Ymatruz|In poetry, the best way to say cuss words is to hide it behind metaphors.
Jonah Lehrer, How We Decide|How do we regulate our emotions? The answer is surprisingly simple: by thinking about them. The prefrontal cortex allows each of us to contemplate his or her own mind, a talent psychologists call metacognition. We know when we are angry; every emotional state comes with self-awareness attached, so that an individual can try to figure out why he's feeling what he's feeling. If the particular feeling makes no sense—if the amygdala is simply responding to a loss frame, for example—then it can be discounted. The prefrontal cortex can deliberately choose to ignore the emotional brain.
Hoda Kotb|I grew up poor, but I didn't really know it because of amazing places like the Salvation Army where we got a lot of our Christmas presents from.
Anum Sattar|It amazes me when education, religion and family values fail to create a human being.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|And you would have lost. We were surrounded. He threatened your life, and he would have made good on that threat. He had you, and that meant he had me, too.
Caitlyn Siehl|I mean, I hope you're happy,But the sky is still the sky without you,And I'm not surprised by that anymore.
Michael Gurian|Taking charge of your own learning is a part of taking charge of your life, which is the sine qua non in becoming an integrated person.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|So it is that a writer writes many books. In each book, he intended several urgent and vivid points, many of which he sacrificed as the book's form hardened.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|The future is uncertain, but that can be a good thing.
Dale Partridge|It’s actually quite the contrary. It’s time to freak the fuck out, and that’s not just acceptable, it’s obligatory. The rug has just been pulled out from beneath your feet, and everything you thought you knew with absolute certainty has vanished. Absolute hysteria is just the beginning—you’re about to embark on an entire roller coaster of crazy-ass emotions.
Seraphim Rose, Nihilism: The Root of the Revolution of the Modern Age|Atheism, true 'existential' atheism burning with hatred of a seemingly unjust or unmerciful God, is a spiritual state; it is a real attempt to grapple with the true God.… Nietzsche, in calling himself Antichrist, proved thereby his intense hunger for Christ.
William Makepeace Thackeray|Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous; it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
Candace Bushnell, Trading Up|Hugo planned a five-course meal: smoked duck, oyster stew, roast beef with mashed yams, a salad of apples with beets and blue cheese, then chocolate banana cream pie. Rich, rich, and richer still. Ben made pitchers of martinis and set aside thirty-five bottles of a tried-and-true Napa cabernet, pure purple velvet, and an Oregonian pinot gris, grassy and effervescent.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Without mountains, we might find ourselves relieved that we can avoid the pain of the ascent, but we will forever miss the thrill of the summit. And in such a terribly scandalous trade-off, it is the absence of pain that becomes the thief of life.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|There is but one just use of power, and it is to serve people.
Ryan Giggs|Sure, men like a challenge - but so do women. And nobody likes to be challenged all the time. I know plenty of long-standing happy couples who slept together right away, spent hours yakking on the phone, split checks down the middle, and lived together for years before the wedding.
Peter Lerangis, The Viper's Nest|It was easier to not have to explain, anyway. To not have to tell him that though I'd freed him, saved his people and all of Prythian from Amarantha... I'd broken myself apart.  And I didn't think even eternity would be long enough to fix me.
Matthew Donnelly|Love, Imagination and Intuition are the most powerful forces on the planet earth.
Elle Newmark, The Book of Unholy Mischief|Get off me you dirty turnip!" "Dirty turnip? well, pardon me Signor Cabbage-Head!
Nikki Rowe|sometimes what you have planned, is nothing like the plan your soul invited you, to this earth for.
Guy de Maupassant, Complete Works|I told myself 'Everything is a being! The shout that passes into the air is an entity like an animal, since it is born, produces a movement, and is again transformed, in order to die. So the fearful mind that believes in incorporeal beings is not wrong. What are they?
Jennifer Worth, In the Midst of Life|Handling a dead body is not a repugnant or frightening experience and, somehow, it helps to accept the fact that the soul of that person has gone if you treat the body with reverence and respect before it is finally disposed of by cremation or burial.
Bruce Lengeman, To Kill A Lion|Sexuality is the only drive that is in itself hindered, perverted: simultaneously insufficient and excessive, with the excess as the form of appearance of the lack. On the one hand, sexuality is characterized by the universal capacity to provide the metaphorical meaning or innuendo of any activity or object–any element, including the most abstract reflection can be experienced as ‘alluding to that‘ (suffice it to recall the proverbial example of the adolescent who, in order to forget his sexual obsessions, takes refuge in pure mathematics and physics–whatever he does here again reminds him of ‘that’: how much volume is needed to fill out an empty cylinder? How much energy is discharged when two bodies collide?…). The universal surplus–this capacity of sexuality to overflow the entire field of human experience…is not the sign of preponderance. Rather, it is the sign of a certain structural faultiness: sexuality strives outwards and overflows the adjoining domains precisely because it cannot find satisfaction in itself, because it never attains its goal.
James Howard Kunstler|The only way you multiply resources is with technology. To really affect poverty, energy, health, education, or anything else - there is no other way.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|Buddy ran down the road, turned into another street, and vanished as if he had never been there, like another ghost from New Orleans's past.
Sonja Yoerg, The Middle of Somewhere|I used to joke that we had prepared ourselves for a time like this by living with Mother. The problem with such a state of affairs was not that you did not get to do what you wanted---sometimes you did---but the effort to appease or resist the reigning deities left you so exhausted that it prevented you from ever really having fun. To this day having fun, just plain enjoying myself, comes at the cost of a conviction that I have committed an undetected crime.
Margaret Thatcher|Anytime you're in West Virginia or near it, and you sing, 'Take Me Home, Country Roads,' it's a sight to behold.
David  Holdsworth|What if we who follow Jesus worked as one unit? What if we put aside the slight doctrinal differences, the denominational/movement mentality? What if we saw it as it truly will be one day - people of every tribe, kindred, tongue and nation united in one common cause! What if we all stood as one powerful resounding force against all oppression and wickedness and for all righteousness, peace and love. What if we were a city on a hill, a light that cannot be hidden. What if....what if?
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|To return to love, to get the love we always wanted but never had, to have the love we want but are not prepared to give, we seek romantic relationships. We believe these relationships, more than any other, will rescue and redeem us. True love does have the power to redeem but only if we are ready for redemption. Love saves us only if we want to be saved.
Edward Vilga, Downward Dog|Jonathan's voice was quiet now. "Thank you for sharing this evening with me. In yoga, we say 'Namaste,' which means 'I bow to the divine in you.'" He bowed his dork-knobbed head and said, "Namaste." We bowed back and mumbled, "Namaste." On my tongue, the new word felt as though it contained its own foreign spice.
Anton Szandor LaVey|How is it possible that anyone can believe in a kind of God of Evil named Satan or Devil? Surely, evil lies within oneself.
Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics|I remembered what Dad said once, that some people have all of life's answers worked out the day they're born and there's no use trying to teach them anything new. 'They're closed for business even though, somewhat confusingly, their doors open at eleven, Monday through Friday,' Dad said. And the trying to change what they think, the attempt to explain, the hope they'll come to see your side of things, it was exhausting, because it never made a dent and afterward you only ached unbearably.
Nancy Reagan|If you look at the Earth without architecture, it's sometimes a little bit unpleasant. So there is this basic human need to do shelter in the broadest sense of the word, whether it's a movie theater or a simple log cabin in the mountains. This is the core of architecture: To provide a space for human beings.
Werner Herzog|One must have at least a readiness to love the other person, broadly speaking, if one is to be able to understand him.
Mark Chadbourn, The Queen of Sinister|They wouldn't beat him up. They wouldn't break his ribs. He knew that. But they had other ways of breaking him - with silence, with disappointment, with disapproval.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|Frankie, I'm fully awake and more curious than George. If we hang up I'll lie here formulating a million reasons for your call, none of them your truth, and that would drive me crazy. You wouldn't do that to the guy who has your grandmother's old phone number, would you? Trust me, you can tell me anything.—Emerson
Colossians 3 14|How I wish that more men who claim to be evangelical really believed the Word of God--that it IS the Word of God, that it is God speaking.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave|It may not be fair that people make judgments so quickly, usually within a few seconds of observation, but it's unrealistic to expect that they won't. So, if you want to be judged in a certain manner, be sure that your look and demeanor give that impression.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|This river is famed in atrocious song and verse; the most prevalent motif is one which attempts to make of the river an ersatz father figure. Actually, the Mississippi River is a treacherous and sinister body of water whose eddies and currents yearly claim many lives. I have never known anyone who would even venture to stick his toe in its polluted waters, which seethe with sewage, industrial waste, and deadly insecticides. Even the fish are dying. Therefore, the Mississippi as Father-God-Moses-Daddy-Phallus-Pops is an altogether false motif began, I would imagine, by that dreary fraud, Mark Twain. This failure to make contact with reality is, however, characteristic of almost all of America’s “art.” Any connection between American art and American nature is purely coincidental, but this is only because the nation as a whole has no contact with reality. That is only one of the reasons why I have always been forced to exist on the fringes of its society, consigned to the Limbo reserved for this who do know reality when they see it.
Christopher Hitchens, The Enemy|Remaining for a moment with the question of legality and illegality: United Nations Security Council Resolution 1368, unanimously passed, explicitly recognized the right of the United States to self-defense and further called upon all member states 'to bring to justice the perpetrators, organizers and sponsors of the terrorist attacks. It added that 'those responsible for aiding, supporting or harboring the perpetrators, organizers and sponsors of those acts will be held accountable.' In a speech the following month, the United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan publicly acknowledged the right of self-defense as a legitimate basis for military action. The SEAL unit dispatched by President Obama to Abbottabad was large enough to allow for the contingency of bin-Laden's capture and detention. The naïve statement that he was 'unarmed' when shot is only loosely compatible with the fact that he was housed in a military garrison town, had a loaded automatic weapon in the room with him, could well have been wearing a suicide vest, had stated repeatedly that he would never be taken alive, was the commander of one of the most violent organizations in history, and had declared himself at war with the United States. It perhaps says something that not even the most casuistic apologist for al-Qaeda has ever even attempted to justify any of its 'operations' in terms that could be covered by any known law, with the possible exception of some sanguinary verses of the Koran.
Bill Vaughan|That should be the measure of success for everyone. It's not money, it's not fame, it's not celebrity; my index of success is happiness.
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|He was mastered by the sheer surging of life, the tidal wave of being, the perfect joy of each separate muscle, joint, and sinew in that it was everything that was not death, that it was aglow and rampant, expressing itself in movement, flying exultantly under the stars.
Lucy N. Colman|I had given up the church, more because of its complicity with slavery than from a full understanding of the foolishness of its creeds.
Deyth Banger|I little miss that part, why you want to kill me??Because I'm not afraid of choosing and you are??I'm clever and this is like a gift and you are stupid and you can't say it. Because your self confidence goes lower and lower.
Michael Punke, The Revenant|God will give me the place where I don't know, but I want to go to heaven because there is my friends are waiting for me.
Bruce Springsteen|To understand an issue or someone’s argument about anything,one needs to understand the very nature of the issue, which is thefoundational question concerning anything.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|We can have traders, without them being traitors.We can trade, without trading others.We can trade our traits, and not our worst ones, with others.We can trade our traitors for better traders, or they can become better traders themselves.Let the market trade this way.
Drew Nellins Smith, Arcade|It goes without saying that a great majority of men are sex addicts, or would be if they could manage to get laid.
Robert E. Neale, The Art of Dying|Suicide is an attack on society--an attack on its omnipotence, on its denial of death, and on its own despair.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Pure gold does not rust. Only gold alloys do so. You may have golden dreams. But if you go in the company of toxic people, your become "a gold alloy" and what that means is that you can rust at any time!
Mary Roach, Packing for Mars: The Curious Science of Life in the Void|I have always swung back and forth between alienation and relatedness. As a child, I would run away from the beatings, from the obscene words, and always knew that if I could run far enough, then any leaf, any insect, any bird, any breeze could bring me to my true home. I knew I did not belong among people. Whatever they hated about me was a human thing; the nonhuman world has always loved me. I can't remember when it was otherwise. But I have been emotionally crippled by this. There is nothing romantic about being young and angry, or even about turning that anger into art. I go through the motions of living in society, but never feel a part of it. When my family threw me away, every human on earth did likewise.
Clint Eastwood|I like the libertarian view, which is to leave everyone alone. Even as a kid, I was annoyed by people who wanted to tell everyone how to live.
Jim Henson|Watch out for each other. Love everyone and forgive everyone, including yourself. Forgive your anger. Forgive your guilt. Your shame. Your sadness. Embrace and open up your love, your joy, your truth, and most especially your heart.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If there is any church service that you attend and it quickens your purpose and adds value to your life, if that church gives you some insight and understanding and a picture of how to do things better and become a solution provider to the problems of humanity in your country, then you can keep attending such a church.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|Christian consciousness experiences itself in a curious sense as LIBERATED TO FAIL, without intolerable damage to self-esteem and without any reduction of moral seriousness. We are free to be inadequate, free to foul things up, and yet affirm ourselves in a more basic sense than the secular moralist or humanistic idealist (who can affirm themselves only on the basis of merits and accomplishments. We are free to choose and deny finite values, free to take constructive guilt upon us and to see it as an inevitable and providentially given aspect of our fallen human condition.All that we have said leads us to the pinnacle of this good news: In Jesus Christ we need no longer be guilty before God. It is only before our clay-footed gods that we stand guilty!
Ruth Reichl|The people are more important than the food. We want a person to be as successful as he can be, and it works the other way around, too.
Elsa Hosk|Right now there are a lot of Angels represented. We are from all over the world. We come from different backgrounds. We all had different lives before this, so it is really interesting how a lot of different nationalities are represented, and it is super cool.
Jury Nel|Curiosity can only be called "fear of the unknown" only when you are in your comfort zone.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|Your mistakes are to help you develop your purpose, not shame and guilt.
Oliver Sacks, The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat and Other Clinical Tales|In this, then, lies their power of understanding--understanding, without words, what is authentic or inauthentic. Thus it was the grimaces, the histrionisms, the false gestures and, above all, the false tones and cadences of the voice, which rang false for those wordless but immensely sensitive patients. It was to these (for them) most glaring, even grotesque, incongruities and improprieties that my aphasic patients responded, undeceived and undeceivable by words.This is why they laughed at the President's speech.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|He who possesses art and science has religion; he who does not possess them, needs religion.
D. H. Lawrence|The common people have no history: persecuted by the present, they cannot think of preserving the memory of the past.
Nellie Bly|I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way.
Edith Wharton|Apathy can be overcome by enthusiasm, and enthusiasm can only be aroused by two things: first, an ideal, with takes the imagination by storm, and second, a definite intelligible plan for carrying that ideal into practice.
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|The dog barked and wagged his tail. He was a huge, shaggy creature, ten stone of dog at least, but friendly. 'Who does he belong to?' asked Podrick. 'Why, to himself, and to the Seven. As to his name, he has not told me what it is. I call him Dog.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|you can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|In fact, it has been said that when you have sex with someone, you are actually having sex with everyone who ever slept with that individual.
Miley Cyrus|I love playing moms. It's a lot easier than being a mom, I hear.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|i took a night drive.i needed to get away.i needed to knowit's okay to goand have no destination,where time moves slowor doesn't exist.that life can be like this,aimless wandering,just breathing,living,driving forever underneath the stars.
Dada Bhagwan|Answer only when asked, otherwise do not say anything. Don't say a thing in this world. To tell [give advice] is the biggest disease. Your beard grows without you saying anything, doesn't it?
George Charles Roche III|All governments, even these precious “democracies,” derive all their power by force. Do something the government doesn’t want, like, say, cross the street against the light, refuse to submit to its authority, and it won’t be long before they’ll use some form of force, usually a weapon and the threat of death or injury, to compel you to comply.
Michael  Grant, Fear|No one vinces me, baby
Paul Halpern, Back from the Brink: Lessons from the Canadian Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Crisis|If skeptic can weakly force E, then he can force E.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|As God is my witness, as God is my witness they’re not going to lick me. I’m going to live through this and when it’s all over, I’ll never be hungry again. No, nor any of my folk. If I have to lie, steal, cheat or kill. As God is my witness, I’ll never be hungry again. - Scarlett
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Always let your inner light shine. By doing so, you not only light a path for yourself, but also light a way for others.
Auliq Ice|Groupies will give you Chlamydia, Edward.”“Right, Virg. Groupies throw underwear on stage. They don’t throw flowers.
Allegra Versace|'Dream Act' kids are like all other American kids, with the exception that they have to work harder to excel in school, they live in fear of deportation, and they worry about their future.
Constantinos P. Cavafis, Selected Poems|On the one hand the younger son realizes that he has lost the dignity of his sonship, but at the same time that sense of lost dignity makes him also aware that he is indeed the son who had dignity to lose," (pp. 49).
Greg Gutfeld|A journalist covering politics, most of us are aware of the necessity to try to be sure we're unbiased in our reporting. That's one of the fundamentals of good journalism.
Yvonne Strahovski|I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all, I've never had a husband.
Joel Osteen|I myself spent nine years in an insane asylum and I never had the obsession of suicide, but I know that each conversation with a psychiatrist, every morning at the time of his visit, made me want to hang myself, realizing that I would not be able to cut his throat.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Even if you are not evil, pretend to be. It will put off some abuse
Ray Bradbury|Words are dead, until action brings them life.
Gail Collins|I have no sympathy for debunking human achievements that, in the end, gave ordinary people liberty.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Tolerance is not infinite patience, but slain patience; patience that has lost its hope and love and has thrown in the towel.
Katharine Lee Bates|There'd never been a more advantageous time to be a criminal in America than during the 13 years of Prohibition. At a stroke, the American government closed down the fifth largest industry in the United States - alcohol production - and just handed it to criminals - a pretty remarkable thing to do.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|The beautiful thing about meditation is that it allows you to access that cool guy or girl inside of you that's waiting to come out. You'll be able to access the part of you that people like to be around. The part of you that feels upbeat about things. That feels like you're moving toward your goals without frustration and anxiety. That feels ecstatic to be alive! The more I meditate, the more I have these moments.
Jane Green, The Beach House|The present and the future are about sense-making, about what we as humans value.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|Until YOU get enough of what you’re going through, no matter what advice a person gives you, you’ll continue to go through the same thing. When you get the courage to stop making excuses for them, and stop excusing their behavior, then you’ll be able to break free from that unhealthy situation. You’ve got to be willing to face YOUR truth in order to move on and be at peace. You matter!
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|I see you have returned, my love; and your mood is as dark as ever. Did your soldiers not adore you to your complete satisfaction?
Patrick Weekes, The Prophecy Con|Just everything else, Mum. I just have everything else from you.
Vasily Grossman, An Armenian Sketchbook|There is no small irony here: An administration which flaunted its intellectual superiority and its superior academic credentials made the most critical of decisions with virtually no input from anyone who had any expertise on the recent history of that part of the world, and it in no way factored in the entire experience of the French Indochina War. Part of the reason for this were the upheavals of the McCarthy period, but in part it was also the arrogance of men of the Atlantic; it was as if these men did not need to know about such a distant and somewhat less worthy part of the world. Lesser parts of the world attracted lesser men; years later I came upon a story which illustrated this theory perfectly. Jack Langguth, a writer and college classmate of mine, mentioned to a member of that Administration that he was thinking of going on to study Latin American history. The man had turned to him, his contempt barely concealed, and said, “Second-rate parts of the world for second-rate minds.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|Due to their soft bodies and ephemeral nature, it is unlikely that biological evidence of mushrooms will even be discovered in the archaeological record. This fact poses certain difficulties in determining the antiquity of modern cultural uses of psychoactive mushrooms, like those in Mexico and Siberia, and makes it even more difficult to determine whether psychoactive mushrooms were recognized and used by historical culture groups that are now extinct.
Debasish Mridha|If you are very helpful, no one may remember you, but never forget to be helpful anyway.
Banana Yoshimoto|It was a wonderful night, such a night as is only possible when we are young, dear reader. The sky was so starry, so bright that, looking at it, one could not help asking oneself whether ill-humoured and capricious people could live under such a sky. That is a youthful question too, dear reader, very youthful, but may the Lord put it more frequently into your heart!
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|We are, as we die, who we most were in life...
Carl Sagan|The world is so exquisite with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is to look death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|The Warm Welcome of Hospitality. Walt Disney World is the epitome of world-class customer service. Employees must be hyper-vigilant of spatial orientation to engage, impress, and interact with guests. For simply being near a guest, employees are trained to:•	Make eye contact and smile.•	Greet and welcome each and every guest.•	Seek out guest contact.•	Provide immediate service recovery.•	Always display appropriate body language.•	Preserve the “magical” guest experience.•	Thank each guest and demonstrate that appreciation.
Earl Derr Biggers, The House Without a Key|He turned to Miss Minerva. "I'm relying on you, at any rate. You've got a good mind. Anybody can see that.""Thank you," she said."As good as a man's," he added."Oh, now you've spoiled it!
John Keats|There is an electric fire in human nature tending to purify - so that among these human creatures there is continually some birth of heroism. The pity is that we must wonder at it, as we should at finding a pearl in the rubbish.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|There are many things for which I owe gratitude to my dad. Most of all, I am grateful to the only man who could love my mother more than me.
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|Paul Chehade is dedicated to serves the unfortunate, regardless of a person's religion, race, ethnicity, or gender, as a demonstration of God's unconditional love for all people, helping communities worldwide.Ethical junction making choices easy.
Isoroku Yamamoto|Everywhere on Earth, at this moment, in the new spiritual atmosphere created by the appearance of the idea of evolution, there float, in a state of extreme mutual sensitivity, love of God and faith in the world: the two essential components of the Ultra-human.
Kate O'Mara|I'm very positive - music-wise, production-wise and life-wise.
William Thrasher|Can you, at a minimum, objectively step back—throw out the stereotypes, ditch the conformity, set aside the religion—and ask yourself, why? Why Jesus?
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|In choosing consciousness, we gift ourselves with presence.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Friendship is a beautiful blessing. You may love your friends and they may love you, but that doesn’t mean they should have unexamined influence in all areas of your life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It's okay to be honest about not knowing rather than spreading falsehood. While it is often said that honesty is the best policy, silence is the second best policy.
Courtney Milan, Unraveled|Just look at the fellow, standing there like a bloody Greek god. Do you think she chose him because of his intellect?”“I graduated from Cambridge,” Christopher said acidly. “Should I have brought my diploma?
Lewis Carroll|What matter it how far we go?" his scaly friend replied."There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
Jaime Allison Parker|and I wanted this girl who was like no girl I had ever known, wanted her not in spite of her moods and her secret bruises and her sad attempts at artifice but because of them, because of them all.
Charles de Lint, Someplace to Be Flying|There's no such thing as fiction", Annie told him once. "If you can imagine something, then it's happened.
Gian Kumar|Science in its attempt to unravel the mysteries of the Universe, Has discovered the ultimate reality that we are all One.
Henning Mankell|I can still remember the miraculous feeling of writing a sentence, then more sentences, telling a story. The first thing I wrote was a one-page summary of Robinson Crusoe and I am so sorry I do not have it any more; it was at that moment I became an author.".]
Ellen Read, The Dragon Sleeps|I learned by heart the lines of your face. I can draw them blindly on a water canvas.Your face in the middle of an inflamed argument. Your face in the middle of a mild one-- when you're at fault.Your face filled with rainbows of laughter. Your face filled with clouds of distress.Your face, fluttering, when I open you the door. Your face, agonizing, every time I stand waiting, for the elevator.Your face, eager, when you kiss me. Your face, surprised, when I lead you to bed.Your face in the middle of pain. Your face on the outskirts of pleasure.Your face, with a baffled look, when you wake up. Your face falling asleep, with total surrender.Your face the first night we met. Your face the last night we parted.I learned by heart the lines of your face. They all led me into hell.They all led me into heaven.
Jorge Luis Borges, Selected Non-Fictions|I reread these negative remarks and realize that I do not know whether music can despair of music or marble of marble. I do know that literature is an art that can foresee the time when it will be silenced, an art that can become inflamed with its own virtue, fall in love with its own decline, and court its own demise.
Eric Stonestreet|If you lock me in the room with a piano teacher for a year I might be able to knock out a rendition of 'Roll Out The Barrel,' but will I ever be a concert pianist? No.
Shannon L. Alder|When basic human needs are ignored, rejected, or invalidated by those in roles and positions to appropriately meet them; when the means by which these needs have been previously met are no longer available: and when prior abuse has already left one vulnerable for being exploited further, the stage is set for the possibility these needs will be prostituted. This situation places a survivor who has unmet needs in an incredible dilemma. She can either do without or seek the satisfaction of mobilized needs through some "illegitimate" source that leaves her increasingly divided from herself and ostracized from others.While meeting needs in this way resolves the immediate existential experience of deprivation and abandonment. it produces numerous other difﬁculties. These include experiencing oneself as “bad” or "weak" for having such strong needs; experiencing shame and guilt for relying on “illegitimate” sources of satisfaction: experiencing a loss of self-respect for indulging in activities contrary to personal moral standards of conduct; risking the displeasure and misunderstanding of others important to her; and opening oneself to the continued abuse and victimization of perpetrators who are all too willing to selﬁshly use others for their own pleasure and purposes under the guise of being 'helpful.
AainaA-Ridtz|A positive needs a negative to complete its cycle, as the Moon needs an embodiment of itself, the Sun, to complete the cycle of its illusory essence, the Earth. Now if the earth is in dire straits, is bombing the moon to discover whether water is ‘perceived’ in the natural stance of humans an intelligent move?
Brenda H Sedgwick|He was breathing a little faster himself, his heart pounding as he leaned in a tiny bit more. He hovered just shy of her lips before braving the final space between them and pressing his mouth to hers. He knew immediately from the first taste of her that one tiny kiss wasn't going to be enough.
Moby|I was taught you don't tell your secrets to strangers - certainly not secrets that expose error, weakness, failure. My generation, like its predecessors, was taught that since our achievements received little notice or credit from white America, we were not to discuss our faults, lapses, or uncertainties in public.
Marcia B. Siegel|Nothing seems to me more tragic than the pressures we put on artists to do what we think we'll like, and our refusal to prize what is most ornery and special about them.
Mike Mignola, Hellboy, Vol. 6: Strange Places|No man of honor avoided what needed to be done, simply because it might not proceed in his favor.
Melisa M. Hamling, Finding Forever|We had twenty eight days together but it feels like a lifetime. She’s right, without her it feels like I’m being strangled and fighting for air. I can’t just sit here day after day wishing I could at least see her face. -Colin
Donald Mol|Time is the ultimate form of socialism. Each receives the same amount equally, yet how we manage our time is reflected by our lives. We all can agree, no one comes out equal. For a country to govern by socialism will fail as there will always be the weak and strong. Social justice is fantasy. Nothing can be equal in the end if we have true freedom to choose our own fate. In place of socialism, a government should rule by protection. Protecting the freedoms of each citizen, each of us can choose his own destiny. Some may choose material happiness, while others may choose immaterial joy
Mehmet Murat ildan|While he has not, in my hearing, spoken the English language, he makes it perfectly plain that he understands it. And he uses his ears, tail, eyebrows, various rumbles and grunts, the slant of his great cold nose or a succession of heartrending sighs to get his meaning across.
Debasish Mridha|When confidence is there, conviction is easy.
Katherine Dunn|I've learned in the little bit of my life so far that you can't fool people. And so I only tell people what I think about: my ambitions, my dreams, what inspires me.
Craig Martelle|You will never be able to push a button and kill people. You will not avoid the horrors. War must be so terrible that people will do almost anything to avoid it. It must be the last resort and in this case, it is, but that decision can only be made by the ones with the most to lose, not someone sitting safely in an underground facility, watching it on the monitors."Free Trader 4 - Battle for the Amazon, by Craig Martelle
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|Doom is nigh. I am in acute distress, desperately trying to coax sleep, opening my eyes every few seconds to check their faded gleam, and imagining paradise as a place where a sleepless neighbor reads an endless book by the light of an eternal candle.
Shannon L. Alder|Often times, the greatest peace comes of surrender.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Life is a story, until I awake and saw life as a dream.
bell hooks|Whether they regard themselves as pro- or antifeminist, most women want men to do more of the emotional work in relationships. And most men, even those who wholeheartedly support gender equality in the workforce, still believe that emotional work is female labor. Most men continue to uphold the sexist decree that emotions have no place in the work world and that emotional labor at home should be done by females.
Sam Yagan|Ad agencies do all kinds of market research that ask people what they think they want, and instead, you should be creating things that you want. If you do something and you get it, the rest of the world will get it, too. Trust your own instincts, your own intellect, and your own sense of humor.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|My definition of success is not based on achieving the impossible, but rather surviving the probable. And with a threshold that horribly low, simple survival cannot help but become my highest aspiration.
Anonymous|Life's battle don't always go to the strongest or the fastest , but sooner or later the man who wins is the man who thinks he can .
Jackson Saint-Louis, Crucified for 33 Thoughts: Spoken Word Poems: Crucified for 33 Thoughts: Spoken Word Poems|Time slips by; our sorrows do not turn into poems,And what is invisible stays that way.
Yoko Ono|I used to have all these plans and think 'Ah, I have my whole life figured out', but then I realized no matter how much I plan: life happens! So I find myself living day to day trying to do my best, embracing every moment as a learning opportunity and chance to get to know myself a little more.
David D. Burns|Wars spring from unseen and generally insignificant causes, the first outbreak being often but an explosion of anger.
Nenia Campbell, Star Crossed|You will not mock me—and you will let me finish. I have owned and lost a kingdom, and I have battled death. I have been through all that, and I will not chase after you like some lovesick poet spouting verse. If you wish to call me yours, then you will have to act as if you are mine. On the front of surrender, there is no middle ground.
Jill Lepore|I take for granted that for the imaginative writer, the exercise of the imagination is part of the basic process of coping with reality, just as actors need to act all the time to make up for some deficiency in their sense of themselves.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|The famous Zen parable about the master for whom, before his studies, mountains were only mountains, but during his studies mountains were no longer mountains, and afterward mountains were again mountains could be interpreted as an alleory about [the perpetual paradox that when one is closest to a destination one is also the farthest).
John Hannah|Funny how nobody talks on the tubes, isn't it? I rarely catch the tube myself, or lifts. Confined spaces, everybody shuts down. Why is that? Perhaps we think everybody on the tube is a potential psychopath or a drunk,so we close down and pretend to read a book or something.
Adoniram Judson|Fasting is, first and foremost, an exercise for identifying and managing adversity in all its forms. With faith, in full conscience, fasting calls women and men to an extra degree of self-awareness.
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|Ambition is a path, not a destination, and it is essentially the same path for everybody. No matter what the goal is, the path leads through Pilgrim's Progress regions of motivation, hard work, persistence, stubbornness, and resilience under disappointment. Unconsidered, merely indulged, ambition becomes a vice; it can turn a man into a machine that knows nothing but how to run. Considered, it can be something else - pathway to the stars, maybe.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|I thought of the fate of Descartes’ famous formulation: man as ‘master and proprietor of nature.’ Having brought off miracles in science and technology, this ‘master and proprietor’ is suddenly realizing that he owns nothing and is master neither of nature (it is vanishing, little by little, from the planet), nor of History (it has escaped him), nor of himself (he is led by the irrational forces of his soul). But if God is gone and man is no longer master, then who is master? The planet is moving through the void without any master. There it is, the unbearable lightness of being.
Lily King, Euphoria|In rational inquiry, we idealize to selected domains in such a way (we hope) as to permit us to discover crucial features of the world. Data and observations, in the sciences, have an instrumental character. They are of no particular interest in themselves, but only insofar as they constitute evidence that permits one to determine fundamental features of the real world, within a course of inquiry that is invariably undertaken under sharp idealizations, often implicit and simply common understanding, but always present.
Koren Zailckas|We are taught to believe it's bad to be angry, or at least it's not good. That's not the case all throughout the world. People are more open and not embarrassed about it. For instance in Paris, people believe Americans have a really unhealthy relation with anger. They think it's essential to get angry.
Jenn McKinlay, Vanilla Beaned|Her mouth— ah, that lush, sweet mouth— was a garden, and I was on my back, face tipped in adoration to the sun for giving me such brilliance, delightful aromas, and the indescribable lightness of being with her.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|He caught her elbow before she'd taken more than a few steps. "Are you walking home?""Yes.""It's," he glanced at his watch, "nine o'clock."She shrugged out of his hold and continued on her way. "The Boogeyman doesn't come out until ten, so I'm good.
John Tyler|An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|He laughed a little, in an odd, nervous kind of way. "Because if I don't get going soon, the whole impetus may die--and if that happens, well, I really shall consider a long, restful plunge into insanity. Sometimes the abyss yawns very attractively.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|Wait, I need to know who you are," I replied, desperately needing to know him."Someone you can trust," he said ominously.I frowned at that, but he just sighed. He brushed my fallen brown hair softly away from my face and gently tucked it behind my ear, then left a tender kiss on my forehead and broke away from me before I could protest.
Corina Geneviere Luland|Appreciate What You Have"Just sitting, looking, thinking,Staring at the coffee which I was drinking,Oh, what a lucky person I must be,That God gave me sight to see.Then reading the news, I saw some more,That I still have hands to be able to draw.Sometimes we do not realise how lucky we are that we always strive for more ! I wrote this many years ago and if only people were satisfied with what they had, not get jeolous & envious, the world would be a better place:
Idries Shah, Reflections|Causes: As important a fact as any individual cause on earth is the vital incapacity of the human individual to distinguish between genuine cause and one which is foisted upon him by pressure, environment, propaganda, conditioning.If people had the sense they pretend to have, they would seek this fundamental distinction perceptible.Hardly anyone makes this effort. This is partly because it is an invisible but powerful part of their culture to teach that conditioned emotionality and ‘causes’ whose necessity, urgency or rightness is only conditioned into them, are necessarily, right.
J.C. Joranco, Halfway to Nowhere|She opened her eyes and looked into his rather intensely.  "What?" Alex asked.  "This cannot be." "What can't be?" Alex asked her, more bafflement in his voice this time.  "I have been reading people all my life. I can even read cats and dogs. I've been doing it all my life and i've been here longer than the two of you put together." "And?" Alex wanted to get to the point. Whatever the truth may be, he just wanted to hear it, wanted it on the table before them so he could get this over with and they can go home.  "AND.....you are the first person that has nothing for me to see." "And here I was hoping you'd say I'd win the lottery or get married to a supermodel or something." Alex said, starting to laugh.  "You don't understand. I don't see anything, anything at all. There is nothing to you, nothing but what I see before me." "So....what does that mean?" "It means you don't exist.
Kele Moon, Finding Eden|...You would be 'my boy', belonging to me alone, and I'd be faithful to you.""Homecoming
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Oh, and Mr. Montgomery? I think I counted about four dozen important-sounding words and almost no substance at all in that explanation. I don’t think you should close the door on your diplomatic career entirely.
Buket Uzuner, Two Green Otters: Mothers, Fathers, Lovers and all the Others|I have begun to wonder where I came from. The person I am now, this fumbling, stumbling supplicant... was I built on the foundations of my old life, or did I rise from the grave a blank state? How much of me is inherited, and how much is my own creation? Questions that were once just idle musings have begun to feel strangely urgent. Am I firmly rooted to what came before? Or can I choose to deviate?
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|I want to be the most unsold, and the most unsought-after author, after I stop selling my fake name anagrams on the internet.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|I -- I alone know how to mourn for him as he deserves.' But while we were still shaking hands, such a look of awful desolation came upon her face that I perceived she was one of those creatures that are not the playthings of Time. For her he had died only yesterday. And, by Jove! the impression was so powerful that for me, too, he seemed to have died only yesterday -- nay, this very minute. I saw her and him in the same instant of time -- his death and her sorrow -- I saw her sorrow in the very moment of his death. Do you understand? I saw them together -- I heard them together.
Deyth Banger|For her, every day was the same, and when each day is the same as the next, it's because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.
Joë Bousquet|My mouth opened.It happened.Yes, with my head thrown into the sky, I started howling.Arms stretched out next to me, I howled, and everything came out of me. Visions pored up my throat and past voices surrounded me. The sky listened. The city didn't. I didn't care. All I cared about was that I was howling so that I could hear my voice and so I would remember that the boy had intensity and something to offer. I howled, oh, so loud and desperate, telling a world that I was here and I wouldn't lie down.
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
Marilee Brothers, Moon Rise|Oh, man,' Beck breathed. 'Check out the car.' It was white with a black top. The hood looked as as long as a football field. 'Sure is big,' was all I could manage to say. Beck gazed longingly at the beast, his eyes glowing in appreciation. 'You know what that is?''Uh, no. Should I?''It's a fully restored, two-door 1973 Monte Carlo. Muscle car, big time.''Bet it's hard to park.
Kelly Minter, No Other gods: Confronting Our Modern Day Idols|The harsh reality is that my flesh must die not so much because of what it does, but because of what it is.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|We fell to wrestling again. We rolled all over the floor, in each other's arms, like two huge helpless children. He was naked and goatish under his robe, and I felt suffocated as he rolled over me. I rolled over him. We rolled over me. They rolled over him. We rolled over us.
Geoff Dyer, But Beautiful: A Book About Jazz|These reasonings will furnish us with an adequate definition of a true critic: that he is a discoverer and collector of writers’ faults. Which may be farther put beyond dispute by the following demonstration: that whoever will examine the writings in all kinds, wherewith this ancient sect has honoured the world, shall immediately find, from the whole thread and tenor of them, that the ideas of the authors have been altogether conversant and taken up with the faults and blemishes, and oversights, and mistakes of other writers; and let the subject treated on be whatever it will, their imaginations are so entirely possessed and replete with the defects of other pens, that the very quintessence of what is bad does of necessity distil into their own, by which means the whole appears to be nothing else but an abstract of the criticisms themselves have made.
John J. Geddes|Thursday afternoon, the dark clouds closed in, and by Friday morning a heavy rain was falling. The mountain peaks were hazy sentinels, disappearing into misty fog that clung to the valley.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Truman Capote, Other Voices, Other Rooms|The fig tree had dropped its fruit all over the ground. Ripe figs lay in the dust, exploded, bloody, as if the sky had rained organs.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|They couldn’t have known that even this was a lie—that we never really choose, not entirely. We are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another. We have no choice but to step forward, and then step forward again, and then step forward again; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we haven’t chosen at all.But maybe happiness isn’t in the choosing. Maybe it’s in the fiction, in the pretending: that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along.
Gabriel Chevallier, Fear: A Novel of World War I|I carry my liberty with me. It is in my thoughts, in my head. Shakespeare is one of my countries, Goethe another. You can change that badge that I wear, but you can’t change the way I think. It is through my intellect that I can escape the roles, intrusions, and obligations with which every civilisation, every community would burden me. I make myself my own homeland through my affinities, my choices, my ideas, and no one can take it away from me – I may even be able to enlarge it. I don’t spend my life in the company of crowds but individuals. If I could pick fifty individuals from each nation, then perhaps I could put together a society I’d be happy with. My first possession is myself; better to sent it into exile than to lose it, to change a few habits rather than terminate my role as a human being. We only have one homeland: the world.
Gustavo Dudamel|We imagine that we want to escape our selfish and commonplace existence, but we cling desperately to our chains.
Dannika Dark, Two Minutes|When you live by the demands and supply of life, your life becomes easily predictable.
Stephen King, Rose Madder|Automatically, like all healthy, normal beings, I deny the existence of horror...
Drew Barrymore|Most artists, you know, you spend their entire lives learning how to play music and write songs, and they don't really know how the music business works.
Vint Cerf|You should know that I've been hearing-impaired, not quite since birth, but I've been wearing hearing aids since I was 13, so I'm very conscious of the difficulty of voice communication.
J.R.R. Tolkien|In the deep places he gives thought to music great and terrible; and the echo of that music runs through all the veins of the world in sorrow and in joy; for if joyful is the fountain that rises in the sun, its springs are in the wells of sorrow unfathomed at the foundations of the Earth.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|He grew away from old associations, and saw something new in life and humanity. Secondarily, he made close acquaintance with phenomena which he had before known but darkly - the seasons in their moods, morning and evening, night and noon, winds in their different tempers, trees, waters and mists, shades and silences, and the voices of inanimate things.
Amanda Craig|Few pretty and privileged young women really understand the essential injustice of biology...For most of her life as a woman, the rules were perfectly clear cut: other women were the enemy, and all love was war. She had rejected feminism, quite openly, as a crutch for the envious and ugly, and regarded married women as holding the upper hand if, unlike her own mother, they had any strength of character. The weaknesses and dependencies imposed by fecundity had never entered into her calculations.
David Lee Roth|In my solitude I have pondered much on the incomprehensible subjects of space, eternity, life and death.
Gary L. Francione|We aren't in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|There is nothing good or bad, only thinking makes it so.
Jess C. Scott, Bedmates|I'm self-taught. I didn't just become a man, it was a decision.
Debasish Mridha|It is spring again, my heart is dancing with flowers with love and joy.
John Waters, Crackpot: The Obsessions of John Waters|I've had it with being nice, understanding, fair and hopeful. I feel like being negative all day. The chip on my shoulder could sink the QE2. I've got an attitude problem and nobody better get in my way...I'm in a bad mood and the whole stupid little world is gonna pay!
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but I wish you to know that you inspired it.
Ginni Rometty|Technologists provide tools that can improve people's lives. But I want to be clear that I don't think technology by itself improves people's lives, since often I'm criticized for being too pro-technology. Unless there's commensurate ethical and moral improvements to go along with it, it's for naught.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|I don’t believe we should carry backupplans in life’s suitcase—they’re too easy to unpack like living a life in yoga pants, so comfortable our hips spreadinto new timezones...
Ken Liu, The Wall of Storms|Don't fight the system, mock the system
Tyler Perry|God pardons like a mother, who kisses the offense into everlasting forgiveness.
Steve Jobs|I think there is always a need for pure design. With pure design, you don't need so much decoration.
Ernest Rutherford|If your experiment needs a statistician, you need a better experiment.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|It seems like with you everything leads back to the subject of death.""Sure and show me the person's road that does not lead to death. we try to divert our attention, to pretend 'tisn't so, but the very air we breathe is vulture's breath. Please don't be insinuatin' your man is morbid. I dwell on death in order to defeat it.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|He says they're not his type, but I don't really get the concept of having a type. My type is girls. All of them. Why would I limit my dating pool?
Deborah Pardes, Climbing Out from Under: A Handbook for Heartbreak|She remembered the days when they'd been each other's everything, when just being together was enough. When she believed their love could conquer the world. How long had it been since Michael had said her name in that special way, when they'd talked all night about their dreams and their future?
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader." - Quoting Derek Sivers
Mother Teresa|Presents are made for the pleasure of who gives them, not the merits of who receives them.
Keith Henson|Choose something you like to do. I know it's a cliche, and you've heard it over and over. But the reason is, you're going to have to work long and hard to achieve any success. You better like it or life is going to be terrible.
Joanne Crisner, Brightest|Long before we even lose our lives, we lose our souls. Tragic but true. Some carry on—willing to make the sacrifices, putting what is perceived as important before anything else. Some tread into the dark—wasting moments of grace, letting themselves suffer from their own decisions or the other’s domination. Some continue to love, give too much, and not leave even a little love for themselves.
A. Cretan|Ever since about 3.8 billion years ago, when the first cells began quivering in the primordial ooze, Evolution has produced a nonstop parade of inflatable noses, bizarre genitalia, awkward feeding habits, aggressively antisocial tendencies, and mucus. So much mucus.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|There was a smile dancing on his lips, although it was a wary smile, for the world is a bigger place than a little graveyard on a hill; and there would be dangers in it and mysteries, new friends to make, old friends to rediscover, mistakes to be made and many paths to be walked before he would, finally, return to the graveyard or ride with the Lady on the broad back of her great grey stallion.
Nicole R. Locker, Tragedy and Desire|I always hoped I’d be the one to tame the bad boy. It’s a stupid girly thing, the universal belief in vagina magic where men change after having some.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|You understand Teacher, don't you, that when you have a mother who's an angel and a father who is a cannibal king, and when you have sailed on the ocean all your whole life, then you don't know just how to behave in school with all the apples and ibexes.
Erik Pevernagie|When words remain unspoken and emotions are left unexpressed, just a glint in the eyes from otherness can inflame the mind and rouse a shower of empathy. ("Only needed a light ")
Chelsey Philpot, Even in Paradise|I missed you more now than I had when I lost you. I was forgetting the bad things faster than I forgot the good, and the changing ratio felt a little bit like falling in love even though I was actually speaking to you less and less.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I believe that if there is a huge chunk of white/truth in you, you will be drawn mostly to truth. If there is a lot of black/ego in you, you will naturally migrate to darkness/ego. We can't change our natural compositions or our attraction to certain lighting, but we can slowly change our angle of perception. Anyone can work on balancing their inner lighting simply by adjusting their outer lenses. All you have to do is learn to use your heart before your mind to see things. There is no light greater than truth, and it shines at the heart of all creation. Be like a butterfly and celebrate it every day. It is inside you. Be aware of it so it can cultivate it to grow stronger and bigger.
Bruno De Oliveira|You say you need to love others, but do you love yourself
Lailah Gifty Akita|Change your thought, change your mind.Change your belief, change your action.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|Grief is a disease. We were riddled with its pockmarks, tormented by its fevers, broken by its blows. It ate at us like maggots, attacked us like lice- we scratched ourselves to the edge of madness. In the process we became as withered as crickets, as tired as old dogs.
Stephen Baldwin|At first, when you go to premieres and award shows, you're thinking, 'How the hell am I here? All these people I've never met are here, and it's so cool!' And then, as time goes on, it's a little bit like, 'Ah... it's more like work.'
Aaron Blaylock|If asked for an opinion we’ll say what we think. And by “what we think” I mean the answer that comes to our mind first, seems most logical and requires the least amount of effort to articulate, while getting us in the least amount of trouble. Really that’s what our communication boils down to.
Karen Fowler, Reflections on Motherhood|His son's transformation cannot be stopped, or hastened, or adjusted; the man he will become is already present, like a form emerging from a slab of stone. All that remains is to watch it happen.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Everyone can be a leader irrespective of their age, race, creed, nationality or political affiliation. Once you can figure out your talents and optimize them very well, at the right place and at the right time, you are a leader.
Bill Clegg, Did You Ever Have a Family|[W]e’ve learned that grief can sometimes get loud, and when it does, we try not to speak over it.
|Never let your circumstances drive you into spending your energy trying to impress people who you believe would judge you for every single thing that you do. Moreover, why should you waste your energy and time on people who are not willing to let you be your true self?
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Her mind, shaped so long before my own, was for me the equivalent of what had been offered me by the behaviour of the girls of the little gang along the sea-shore. Mme de Guermantes offered me, tamed and subdued by good manners, by respect for intellectual values, the energy and charm of a cruel little girl from one of the noble families around Combray, who from her childhood had ridden horses, sadistically tormented cats, gouged out the eyes of rabbits, and, while remaining a paragon of virtue, might equally well have been, some years back now, and so much did she share his dashing style, the most glamorous mistress of the Prince de Sagan.
Bob Feller|Art must unquestionably have a social value; that is, as a potential means of communication it must be addressed, and in comprehensible terms, to the understanding of mankind.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|There is no better way to crush someone’s self-confidence than to tell this person that her / his choice was wrong, and that she / he should have listened to us (parents). Because, obviously, we know how to make the right choices and she / he does not.
Jeremy Griffith|The human being is single, unique, and unrepeatable, someone thought of and chosen from eternity, someone called and identified by name
Katerina Martinez, Midnight Magick|He kept glancing at my hair, and that meant one of three things; he was trying to figure out if I dye, he had never seen a ginger before in his life, or he was wondering whether the carpet matched the drapes.Martinez, Katerina (2014-09-25). Midnight Magick: A Romantic Witch Suspense (Amber Lee Mysteries Book 1) (Kindle Locations 202-203). Katerina Martinez. Kindle Edition.
Lucy Grealy, Autobiography of a Face|Life in general was cruel and offered only different types of voids and chaos. The only way to tolerate it, to have any hope of escaping it, I reasoned, was to know my own strength, to defy life by surviving it.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|That thing that Hamlet says - "there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so". Not quite true if you are stuck under a grand piano, not quite true for genocide, but surely it must be true about love?
Samer Chidiac, Work Love Balance | The Story of Adam|when i started i had to start no excuses and even without knowing what i am gonna to do just had to do "something" . this fire is needed to do any work otherwise people exist nd die .
Bruce Lee|Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water. Be water, my friend.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|We're at a crucial point in history. We cannot have fast cars, computers the size of credit cards, and modern conveniences, whilst simultaneously having clean air, abundant rainforests, fresh drinking water and a stable climate. This generation can have one or the other but not both. Humanity must make a choice. Both have an opportunity cost. Gadgetry or nature? Pick the wrong one and the next generations may have neither.
Vanessa Fewings, A Vampire's Dominion|Freedom was a foot away when they turned back to me. The one who kept speaking, a tall vamp with a handsome curly-haired glamour, shook his head. "Sorry." He bared his fangs in an apologetic grin. "We're glad you aren't what's hunting us, but we're no friends of IPCA. And we're all very, very, thirsty.""What, no flirting?" I asked, trying to buy time. "Aren't you going to at least try to be sexy? Think of all those vampire fans out there--they'd be so disappointed." I pulled out my silver knife. Probably should have paid more attention during my knife training. "Tell you what. Let me go and I promise not to tell anyone that you aren't suave.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|No matter how the road winds and turns, as long as you are there at the end of it I’ll be happy, Rowdy.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|There’s nothing as significant as a human face. Nor as eloquent. We can never really know another person, except by our first glance at him. Because, in that glance, we know everything. Even though we’re not always wise enough to unravel the knowledge.
Laurie Elizabeth Flynn, Firsts|I’m so used to planning for guys, dressing and undressing for them and trying to morph myself into their dream girl. I’m so used to it that I don’t really know where that girl ends and the real me begins. I suppose what it comes down to is confidence. I’m confident in that girl, the one who emerges from my walk-in wearing lingerie when I’m done getting ready. But at Faye’s house, I’m not going to be that girl. I’m going to be me. Whoever that is anymore.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your life was meant for more than being a life-long doormat for deadbeats, losers, gossipers, nay-sayers, dream-crushers, energy vampires, users, abusers, ragers and passive-aggressive backstabbers.
Greg Lynn|Just as it takes time for a speck of fish spawn to develop into a fully grown fish, so, too, we need time for everything that develops and crystallizes in the world of ideas. Architecture demands more of this time than other creative work.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|If I can alter my perception of the reality, I can change the reality itself.
Andrea T. Goeglein, Don't Die Waiting to Be Brave|This was his first trip on the Ossifar Distana, his first real splash in life. Look what it got him. Mister Smiff liked anonymity. He kept a low profile, often traveling under assumed names, claiming to be anything from a banker to a (very) successful life insurance salesman. He’d never broken the law, at least not irreparably. He was quite generous, well liked, sponsoring many charities anonymously – which is why it was so surprising to find him floating face down in the private spa in his apartment, murdered. He had been murdered, unless it was a freak shaving accident. Those old razors weren’t called cut-throats for nothing. Yikes.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|People falling in love for one reason may fall out of love due to another reason. However, if faith or trust is the basis of love, it does not break easily. Often people use all their reasoning to understand each other and even live together for years to satisfy themselves that they are in love. However, marriages based on such logical love, the love based on reason, do not last long. Quite to the contrary, marriages where the partners do not even know each other, survive for life—being based on mutual trust and faith.
Failte, The Girl For Me|Your brother Jaime keeps losing battles. He gave Sansa an angry look, as if it were her fault. He’s been taken by the Starks and we’ve lost Riverrun and now her stupid brother is calling himself a king.The dwarf smiled crookedly. “All sorts of people are calling themselves kings these days.
Anna Godbersen, Bright Young Things|You've already said you were going to kill me," Alex said, "but I didn't think that meant you were going to bore me to death.
Diane Kruger|The sad thing about any business I suppose, but in mine you see it particularly, is that you're always asked to do what you've already done.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Just as we have been given hope, we carry that hope; and for as long as we carry that hope, we learn to spread hope; and as we spread hope, lives are inevitably changed, and saved. What beautiful meaning hope gives to life!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Throughout your life you will meet thousands of people, but every once in a while, you feel instant chemistry with a person and connect immediately. It is like meeting an old friend or returning home again. Your relationship enjoys easy compatibility and commonality. Not only can you sometimes finish each other’s sentences, but regardless of how much time may pass, you can reunite and start up wherever you left off.
Adam Berlin, The Number of Missing|We play phone tag, back and forth, the kind of tag where it's clear we're avoiding each other, where no one wants to be touched, tagged, you're it
Ann Bancroft|The one thing I have learned as a CEO is that leadership at various levels is vastly different. When I was leading a function or a business, there were certain demands and requirements to be a leader. As you move up the organization, the requirements for leading that organization don't grow vertically; they grow exponentially.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Keep busy with survival. Imitate the trees. Learn to lose in order to recover, and remember nothing stays the same for long, not even pain. Sit it out. Let it all pass. Let it go.
Francine Pascal, Boys Against Girls|I was awarded 'Most Aggressive Rider of the Day', generally given to the most spectacular loser of the day.
Kaley Cuoco|It's a fine line of doing what's good for your life and what your parents want you to do, but also following your dreams. With my parents, when I was younger, I always had to do two things. If I was acting, I always had to do a sport or something on the arts side of things along with that.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Follow me, reader! Who told you that there is no true, faithful, eternal love in this world! May the liar's vile tongue be cut out! Follow me, my reader, and me alone, and I will show you such a love!
Eduardo Galeano, Cuentos Clasificados 0|I'm fighting alone, every day. I fight with the hell that I survived. I fight with the fact of my own humanity. I fight with the idea that death is the only way of escaping this fact.
Steven L. Peck, Gilda Trillim: Shepherdess of Rats|Freedom, if it emerges like magic from consciousness (like the conjuring of consciousness itself!) seems best recognized in the choices made for love.
Steven Cuoco|Mature Woman: Is a woman who has lived her life enough to understand what she wants, and she is confident in knowing who she is without question.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|Because I haven't yet learned the simplest and most important thing of all: the world is difficult, and we are all breakable. So just be kind.
Ken  O'Neill, The Marrying Kind|Have you noticed how Emilio Estevez and Charlie Sheen look nothing alike, and yet they both manage to look exactly like their father, Martin?
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|By serving humanity, I automatically serve myself.
J.S. Strange|The most consistent thing about Graham Wessit was his attitude of open experiment. Can you even imagine , she asked herself, plain, quiet, intellectual little you spending a lifetime on the arm of such a havoc-producing man?
Alberto Manguel|Books may not change our suffering, books may not protect us from evil, books may not tell us what is good or what is beautiful, and they will certainly not shield us from the common fate of the grave. But books grant us myriad possibilities: the possibility of change, the possibility of illumination.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan] invades the Sunday school, the Bible class, and even the pulpit. He even invades the church under cover of an orthodox vocabulary, emptying sacred terms of their biblical sense.
Jasmine Guy|My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, 'You're tearing up the grass'; 'We're not raising grass,' Dad would reply. 'We're raising boys.'
Helen Keller|I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace. 
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It is still not enough for language to have clarity and content…it must also have a goal and an imperative. Otherwise from language we descend to chatter, from chatter to babble, and from babble to confusion.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If your trust is in man, your joy will soon be buried in the cemetery. If you hope is in cars, your happiness will soon be found in the mechanic shop. You are missing it if man is your hope.
Charles Bass|People are what you make them. A scornful look turns into a complete fool a man of average intelligence. A contemptuous indifference turns into an enemy a woman who, well treated, might have been an angel.
Helen Macdonald|Being a novice is safe. When you are learning how to do something, you do not have to worry about whether or not you are good at it. But when you have done something, have learned how to do it, you are not safe any more. Being an expert opens you up to judgement.
Pierre Abélard, The Story of My Misfortunes|For my part, the more I went forward in the study of letters, and ever more easily, the greater became the ardour of my devotion to them, until in truth I was so enthralled by my passion for learning that, gladly leaving to my brothers the pomp of glory in arms, the right of heritage and all the honours that should have been mine as the eldest born, I fled utterly from the court of Mars that I might win learning in the bosom of Minerva. And -- since I found the armory of logical reasoning more to my liking than the other forms of philosophy, I exchanged all other weapons for these, and to the prizes of victory in war I preferred the battle of minds in disputation.
Israelmore Ayivor|Leadership potential is in everyone; we all have it, but we all don't know it until we have a direct individual encounter with the Holy Spirit of God. The principal source of leadership influence is the Holy Spirit.
Peyton Manning|I've aways been good at picking up certain things, like sports and dancing.
E.B. White, The Second Tree from the Corner|The Church does not superstitiously observe days, merely as days, but as memorials of important facts. Christmas might be kept as well upon one day of the year as another; but there should be a stated day for commemorating the birth of our Saviour, because there is danger that what may be done on any day, will be neglected. 
Jean Thompson, She Poured Out Her Heart|They wanted a list of symptoms: dizziness, blurred vision, palpitations. You could not say, it is a different life trying to nudge this one aside. I am meant to be living that different life. Who would understand that, if she could make no better sense of understanding it herself?
Milan Kundera, Farewell Waltz|Ravings, in short, jealousy of the past, the worst kind of all.
Christina Dodd, Rules of Attraction|I want to talk to you. I want to listen to you. I want to walk with you and, yes, I want you in my bed. That's what I want today. That's what I'll want in a hundred years. If you promise to be my wife forever, I will pledge myself to your happiness.
Munia Khan|You will never feel alone, if you run down the stairs of loneliness; as every solitary step becomes your companion.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|The days before, even the score of what you are filled in with today. What colour are you, the tangled hues of years gone by that affected you?
Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis|To die or not to die, that is the question; it is nobler to live in torment and rage than not to live at all?
Damilola Oluwatoyinbo|No matter how successful you are, you have to keep improving yourself. Otherwise, you will get stuck in what was once considered modern. Today, you can't solve iPad problems with typewriter knowledge and in the years to come, we shall look at the iPad and say how come we were so excited about that.
Sigmund Freud|Sunrise offered a very beautiful spectacle; the water was quite unruffled, but the motion communicated by the tides was so great that, although there was not a breath of air stirring, the sea heaved slowly with a grand and majestic motion.
John Dufresne, No Regrets, Coyote|A lack of narrative structure, as you know, will cause anxiety.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|We _are_ rich,' said Anne staunchly. 'Why, we have sixteen years to our credit, and we are as happy as queens and we've all got imaginations, more or less. Look at that sea, girls - all silver and shallow and vision of things not seen. We couldn't enjoy its loveliness any more if we had millions of dollars and ropes of diamonds.
Mary-Ellen Peters|I smile more when people confused, why he is smiling.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Truth is infinite and is therefore vast enough to hold an infinite number of facets. It has been said that the measure of an idea’s greatness is the degree to which its opposite is also true. For example, love is gentle; love is also strong.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|You are the Jehovah of goodness, Allah of brotherhood, Buddha of reasoning and Krishna of love. And that’s more than enough gods, that the world will ever need.
Spider Robinson, The Free Lunch|The man who cannot believe his senses, and the man who cannot believe anything else, are both insane, but their insanity is proved not by any error in their argument, but by the manifest mistake of their whole lives. They have both locked themselves up in two boxes, painted inside with the sun and stars; they are both unable to get out, the one into the health and happiness of heaven, the other even into the health and happiness of the earth.
Barry Ritholtz|As a trusted institution with brick-and-mortar facilities in every corner of the United States, our public Postal Service is uniquely positioned to serve as a communications, finance, and service hub for the 21st century.
Riccardo Sabatini|A lot of kids have parents who say, 'Music is hard; maybe you should come up with a Plan B.' Whenever I hear that kind of 'advice,' I think it's bad parenting. I was lucky to have a parent who assured me it was a possibility to pursue music.
Hermann Hesse|He thought, that all men, trickled away, changing constantly, until they finally dissolved, while the artist-created images remained unchangeably the same. He thought that the fear of death was perhaps the root of all art, perhaps also of all things of the mind. We fear death, we shudder at life’s instability, we grieve to see the flowers wilt again and again, and the leaves fall, and in our hearts we know that we, too, are transitory and will search for laws and formulate thoughts, it is in order to salvage something from the great dance of death, to make something that lasts longer than we do. Perhaps the woman after whom the master shaped his beautiful Madonna is already wilted or dead, and soon he, too, will be dead; others will live in his house and eat at his table- but his work will still be standing hundreds of years from now, and longer. It will go on shimmering in the quiet cloister church, unchangingly beautiful, forever smiling with the same sad, flowering mouth.
Edgar Allan Poe|To HelenI saw thee once-once only-years ago;I must not say how many-but not many.It was a july midnight; and from outA full-orbed moon, that, like thine own soul, soaring,Sought a precipitate pathway up through heaven,There fell a silvery-silken veil of light,With quietude, and sultriness, and slumberUpon the upturn'd faces of a thousandRoses that grew in an enchanted garden,Where no wind dared to stir, unless on tiptoe-Fell on the upturn'd faces of these rosesThat gave out, in return for the love-lightThier odorous souls in an ecstatic death-Fell on the upturn'd faces of these rosesThat smiled and died in this parterre, enchanted by thee, by the poetry of thy prescence.Clad all in white, upon a violet bank I saw thee half reclining; while the moonFell on the upturn'd faces of the rosesAnd on thine own, upturn'd-alas, in sorrow!Was it not Fate that, on this july midnight-Was it not Fate (whose name is also sorrow)That bade me pause before that garden-gate,To breathe the incense of those slumbering roses?No footstep stirred; the hated world all slept,Save only thee and me. (Oh Heaven- oh, God! How my heart beats in coupling those two worlds!)Save only thee and me. I paused- I looked-And in an instant all things disappeared.(Ah, bear in mind this garden was enchanted!)The pearly lustre of the moon went out;The mossy banks and the meandering paths,The happy flowers and the repining trees,Were seen no more: the very roses' odorsDied in the arms of the adoring airs.All- all expired save thee- save less than thou:Save only the divine light in thine eyes-Save but the soul in thine uplifted eyes.I saw but them- they were the world to me.I saw but them- saw only them for hours-Saw only them until the moon went down.What wild heart-histories seemed to lie enwrittenUpon those crystalline, celestial spheres!How dark a woe! yet how sublime a hope!How silently serene a sea of pride!How daring an ambition!yet how deep-How fathomless a capacity for love!But now, at length, dear Dian sank from sight,Into western couch of thunder-cloud;And thou, a ghost, amid the entombing treesDidst glide away. Only thine eyes remained.They would not go- they never yet have gone.Lighting my lonely pathway home that night,They have not left me (as my hopes have) since.They follow me- they lead me through the years.They are my ministers- yet I thier slaveThier office is to illumine and enkindle-My duty, to be saved by thier bright light,And purified in thier electric fire,And sanctified in thier Elysian fire.They fill my soul with Beauty (which is Hope),And are far up in heaven- the stars I kneel toIn the sad, silent watches of my night;While even in the meridian glare of dayI see them still- two sweetly scintillantVenuses, unextinguished by the sun!
Muhammad Asad, Islam at the Crossroads|I went to the West and saw Islam, but no Muslims; I got back to the East and saw Muslims, but not Islam.
Juan Felipe Herrera|Your friends, and your associates, and the people around you, and the environment that you live in, and the speakers around you - the speakers around you - and the communicators around you, are the poetry makers.If your mother tells you stories, she is a poetry maker.If your father says stories, he is a poetry maker.If your grandma tells you stories, she is a poetry maker.And that’s who forms our poetics.
Stephen LaBerge|The fact that he didn't get credit for a while is more the story of social injustice. But his own spirit wasn't driven by that, and wasn't dependent upon that. He just wished he had the cash to go to medical school.
Joseph Joubert|Intelligent men do not decide any subject until they have carefully examined both or all sides of it. Fools, cowards, and those too lazy to think, accept blindly, without examination, dogmas and doctrines imposed upon them in childhood by their parents, priests, and teachers, when their minds were immature and they could not reason.
Ed Harris|You can't betray yourself too often, or you become somebody else.
Stefan Molyneux|It’s been easier to convince people to hand over half their income, their children to war, and their freedoms in perpetuity, than to engage them in seriously considering how roads might function in the absence of taxation.
Elizabeth Hand, Illyria|Endless longing; a face you'd known since childhood, since birth almost; a body that moved as though it were your own. These were things you never spoke of, things you never hoped for; things you could never admit to. Things you'd die for, and die of.
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|It's not who you know, it's who you sleep with.
Queen Latifah|I think fear is one of the natural states of most actors, to be honest.
Twiggy|Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Jay Woodman|Find what is meaningful to you and stand by it. Even if you begin to wonder if there is any meaning to anything, continue to be yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Like the darkness of night, difficult times don’t last.
Genereux Philip|If an Artist falls in love with you, you will live forever.
Unknown|Even if I spent the whole day with you, I would miss you the second you leave.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|The pressure to reduce health care costs is aimed only at the treatment of real diseases. There is no pressure to reduce the costs of treating fictitious diseases. On the contrary, there is pressure to define ever more types of undesirable behaviors as mental disorders or addictions and to spend ever more tax dollars on developing new psychiatric diagnoses and facilities for storing and treating the victims of such diseases, whose members now include alcoholics, drug abusers, smokers, overeaters, self-starvers, gamblers, etc.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton, Lectures on the French Revolution|The price of conviction has never been cheap, but it will always be worth it.
Russell Eric Dobda|By acknowledging spirit with gratitude, you bring it joy and give it more strength to do its work.
Shannon L. Alder|Some people can’t be in your life because they don’t have the power to help you improve it. That doesn’t mean you don’t wish them well, it just means that you are on Chapter ten of your life, when they are on Chapter five. Maybe, it is just enough to meet at the crossroads in life and agree to take separate paths, then with a cheshire grin you both look back and shout, “Beat you to the top of the mountain”, followed by the funnest sprint of both of your lives.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Why did they believe? Because they saw miracles. Things one man took as chance, a man of faith took as a sign. A loved one recovering from disease, a fortunate business deal, a chance meeting with a long lost friend. It wasn't the grand doctrines or the sweeping ideals that seemed to make believers out of men. It was the simple magic in the world around them.
Leah Busque|Three thousand people died at ground zero. Their families are entitled to a little bit of respect, to respect the memory of those poor people that died there. And how about the families of all those soldiers that died in the two ensuing wars? Aren't they entitled to a little bit of respect - the kids, the wives, the parents?
Patricia Morais, The Roommate|Banshee cries?”“You know, those creatures that cry really loud when someone from an important Irish family is about to die?
Debasish Mridha|To be a leader, take action and be an example. To be an adviser, be wise.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|I am surrounded by priests who repeat incessantly that their kingdom is not of this world, and yet they lay hands on everything they can get.
Morrie Schwartz|Death ends a life, not a relationship. All the love you created is still there. All the memories are still there. You live on- in the hearts of everyone you have touched and nurtured while you were here.
G. Campbell Morgan|The sanction of force stands behind the medley of personal orders and regulations of Martial Law. The sanction of the people's consent stands behind the hierarchy of laws. In one situation, the population is regimented into acquiescence. In the other, the population voluntarily establishes a contract with Parliament. For this reason, one is called a regime and the other, a government. Martial law rests on the sanction of force and not on the sanction of law.
Marty Rubin|The writer provides the text; the reader, the meaning.
Daisaku Ikeda|The situation is like this: they hired our parents to destroy this world, and now they'd like to put us to work rebuilding it, and -- to add insult to injury -- at a profit.
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|Grief can destroy you --or focus you. You can decide a relationship was all for nothing if it had to end in death, and you alone. OR you can realize that every moment of it had more meaning than you dared to recognize at the time, so much meaning it scared you, so you just lived, just took for granted the love and laughter of each day, and didn't allow yourself to consider the sacredness of it. But when it's over and you're alone, you begin to see that it wasn't just a movie and a dinner together, not just watching sunsets together, not just scrubbing a floor or washing dishes together or worrying over a high electric bill. It was everything, it was the why of life, every event and precious moment of it. The answer to the mystery of existence is the love you shared sometimes so imperfectly, and when the loss wakes you to the deeper beauty of it, to the sanctity of it, you can't get off your knees for a long time, you're driven to your knees not by the weight of the loss but by gratitude for what preceded the loss. And the ache is always there, but one day not the emptiness, because to nurture the emptiness, to take solace in it, is to disrespect the gift of life.
Bob Uecker|Every black film feels like it's Tyler Perry, and that just needs to stop. But people seem to slowly be looking for what else is out there - 'Is there something else besides this type of humor?' 'I'm tired of seeing men in dresses.'
Douglas William Jerrold|A blessed companion is a book--a book that, fitly chosen, is a lifelong friend...a book that, at a touch, pours its heart into your own.
Carolyn G. Heilbrun, Writing a Woman's Life|Unfortunately, power is something that women abjure once they perceive the great difference between the lives possible to men and to women...
Kavita Kané, Karna's Wife: The Outcast's Queen|Why do people fear hell so much? With so much hatred and division amongst mankind, we are already in it.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|That's kind of a leap, but the Russian judge gave you a nine point five for style, so okay.
Carroll Bryant|A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland|The little things are important, Mr. Wind-Up Bird,
Heather R. Blair, Phoenix Rising|I have fourteen black wives an' one white, de chiefest one. I would sure enough shoo her away dis minute if you tek her place in my bed tonight, Mama Sam Moon."Was sex all these people ever thought about? I guess life was short back then, and nobody had much time to waste on anything else.
Sami Abouzid|Out of reach and out of sight ,Oh my heart will follow your light ,Won’t you hear my heart ,Need you tonight …..
Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death|But people had forgotten there was a day in the not too distant past when they’d not seen or heard of bombings, and suicide vests, and snipers. Alicia, though, had not forgotten.
Salma Deera, Letters From Medea|How come they get to be gray-haired and still in love with each other, while Lilly tears out what's left of my heart and dumps it into her Jill-The-Ripper shredder?
Carl Sagan|The nuclear arms race is like two sworn enemies standing waist deep in gasoline, one with three matches, the other with five.
Crystal Kadakia|Despite the continual rise of the knowledge worker over the last 60 years, we haven’t done enough to question “how we’ve always done things” and redefine effectiveness in organizations.
Dallas Willard|The cautious faith that never saws off a limb on which it is sitting, never learns that unattached limbs may find strange unaccountable ways of not falling.
Melanie Benjamin, The Aviator's Wife|Son, make this world a better place with that beautiful mind of yours. And when you have a family of your own, love them beyond measure even when it means letting them be free to do what God intends them to do.
Ki no Tomonori|I don't feel at home where I am,or where I spend time; only where,beyond counting, there's freedom and calm,that is, waves, that is, space where, when there,you consist of pure freedom, which, seen,turns that Gorgon, the crowd, to stone,to pebbles and sand . . . where life's mean-ing lies buried, that never let onecome within cannon shot yet.From cloud-covered wells untoldpour color and light, a feteof cupids and Ledas in gold.That is, silk and honey and sheen.That is, boon and quiver and call.That is, all that lives to be free,needing no words at all.
Slavoj Žižek|Love feels like a great misfortune, a monstrous parasite, a permanent state of emergency that ruins all small pleasures.
George Sand, La Petite Fadette|God abandons only those who abandon themselves, and whoever has the courage to shut up his sorrow within his own heart is stronger to fight against it than he who complains.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|You can't beat your own expectations. The latter set the tone, and shape who you've become, and who you would end up becoming...
Rachel A. Olsen, Shark Tank MOMpreneurs Take A Bite Out of Publicity: How 5 Inventors Leveraged Media to Build their Business + How YOU Can, Too|Whatever business you have, if you truly believe in what you’re doing, you’re capable of going any place and doing anything. Pursue Your Dreams!
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|It seems that a profound, impartial, and absolutely just opinion of our fellow-creatures is utterly unknown. Either we are men, or we are women. Either we are cold, or we are sentimental. Either we are young, or growing old. In any case life is but a procession of shadows, and God knows why it is that we embrace them so eagerly, and see them depart with such anguish, being shadows. And why, if this -- and much more than this is true -- why are we yet surprised in the window corner by a sudden vision that the young man in the chair is of all things in the world the most real, the most solid, the best known to us--why indeed? For the moment after we know nothing about him.Such is the manner of our seeing. Such the conditions of our love.
Kenya Wright, 420|Moaning, she melted into my arms and molded her body against mine as if giving me permission to take whatever I yearned for. And I will. I can’t think of anything else.The ocean waves crashed against us. That cool water rose up to our knees. All was forgotten in those sweet kisses—lips gliding against lips, wet tongues twisting and exploring, hungry hands and taunting fingers. Fireworks of lust and need exploded inside me.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Anyone - your daddy or mine, your ancestor or mine, your god or mine - who bays for blood of "infidels" is an a***ole. And non-divine.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|When you face challenges, threats and prospects for failure, when you are out of money or job, when health is deteriorating and death seems to beckon – any hope for success against all those odds takes a solid empowering belief system that will believe – hope is still there. You must choose to adopt positive and empowering beliefs.
Prince Charles HRH the Prince of Wales|My thought is that the average adjusted boy is, if anything, more humanly wasted than the disaffected. So let us go on to discuss his stupidity, his lack of patriotism, his sexual confusion, and his lack of faith.
Charles Bukowski|...they would say 'he said this, he did that', but they would never say 'she said this, she did that'. So I would say, they are sick, and I am well. Pardon me.
Mark Twain|The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.
Suzanne Weyn, Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium|This was when she asked him whether it was true that love conquered all, as the songs said. 'It is true', he replied, 'but you would do well not to believe it.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|I was miserable, of course, for I was seventeen, and so I swung into action and wrote a poem, and it was miserable, for that's how I thought poetry worked: you digested experience and shat literature. [from "Mingus at the Showplace"]
Peace Gypsy|You are the moon that breaks the night . You are the fear that I hate to fight. Times are wrong in all that is done. My treasure is love that I give to only one. Cherrish the treasures given to your heart and never let anything hurt from the start. You chose your path so accept and believe, that peace love and light are needed to breathe.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If I have nothing but life and books, I have everything.
Manisha Bansal|There is no honour in dying of something. I would rather die for.For love, for respect, for peace.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The older theories, which started from an erroneous conception of the social demand for money, could never arrive at a solution of this problem. Their sole contribution is limited to paraphrases of the proposition that an increase in the stock of money at the disposal of the community while the demand for it rClnains the same decreases the objective exchange-value of money, and that an increase of the demand with a constant available stock has the contrary effect, and so on. By a flash of genius, the formulators of the Quantity Theory had already recognized this. We cannot by any means call it an advance when the formula giving the amount of the demand for money (Volume of Transactions + Velocity of Circulation) was reduced to its elements.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|Reading is one of the best ways to bond with your child. Bond this Christmas with “It’s Not About You, Mr. Santa Claus
Persius, The Satires of Persius|The interdependent couple is the new setting and their knowledge of Self is an ancient treasure."-Serena Jade
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|So yes, I worship nature. I worship a blind Goddess. For me, she is the only worthy object of worship. She will never care that I worship her. She will never answer a single prayer. But she is always with me… shaping me as I shape her. I will struggle with her to the last gasp of my life. And in the end, in my final act of devotion, I will yield to her. - John Halstead, "I Worship the Blind Goddess
Honoré de Balzac, The Human Comedy: Selected Stories|Without haters, you can't see the level of your progress, that shows you that haters are necessary evil.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|With your own wish and desires, never accept alternative offered chances, only stand strong to making your own choice into reality. You will stand a chance to be what you wish to be with your own words.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|We are faced with choices every moment of our lives. Whatever choice we exercise must make us comfortable and at peace. Choices that are made out of fear and anxiety often do not lead to right action---Sasha Samy, Transcending Abuse & Betrayal.
Michael I. Bennett, MD|Vengeance is a way of clinging to what we have lost. A wedge in the Last Door, and through the crack we can still glimpse the faces of the dead. We strain towards it with all our being, break every rule to have it, but when we clutch it, there is nothing there. Only grief.
Elie Wiesel, Night|Night is purer than day; it is better for thinking, loving and dreaming. At night everything is more intense, more true. The echo of words that have been spoken during the day takes on a new and deeper meaning.
Mary Calderone|To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us.
Rachel Bertsche, MWF Seeking BFF: My Yearlong Search For A New Best Friend|The evening makes me think Facebook is a blessing and a curse. Sure, it helps us keep track of people with whom we otherwise would have fallen out of touch. But sometimes relationships fade for a reason. They're better left a memory.
Keisha Keenleyside|Love is relentless, and so am I ;)
Savania China|Break the rules not because you don’t know better, but because you know them too well
Molly Friedenfeld|Human Angels are beacons that simply being who they are, illuminate the darkness, to help those who are still on the path to stay the course.
George Orwell|We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Most IoT devices that lack security by design simply pass the security responsibility to the consumer, thus, treating the customers as techno-crash test dummies.James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
Vinko Vrbanic, Furmani - Sokolov let|In the eyes of Buddha, there are no evil people, only people who don't yet have light in their hearts.
Dana Burkey, Just Pretending|Think of it this way," he rubbed a fist under his square jaw, "If we hadn't been on the same flight or at the same hotel, you would've had no one to spill your drinks on.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Images barraged him. Connections darted electric. Veins. Roots. Forked lightning. Tributaries. Branches. Vines snaked around trees, herds of animals, drops of water running tog
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Though the Christian has no immunity from death and no claim to perpetual life on this planet, death is to him a friend rather than a foe, the beginning rather than the end, another step on the pathway to heaven rather than a leap into a dark unknown.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance Of Anger: A Woman's Guide to Changing the Patterns of Intimate Relationships|Keep your heart wide open and you’ll be received with open hearts — not by everyone, but to be received by one open heart is more than worth the journey.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Boys seek attention, men demand respect.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|The books or the music in which we thought the beauty was locatedwill betray us if we trust to them; it was not in them, it only came through them,and what came through them was longing. These things—the beauty, the memory of our own past—are good images of what wereally desire; but if they are mistaken for the thing itself they turn into dumb idols,breaking the hearts of their worshippers.For they are not the thing itself; they are only the scent of a flower we have not found, the echo of a tune we have not heard, news from a country we have never yet visited.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He did not seek to assume the mantle of Elijah, to shed a light of the future upon the misty turmoil of events or resolve the prevailing light into a single flame; there was in him nothing of the prophet or the mystic. He was a simple soul who loved, and that was all.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|Joshua had always been able to get away with things—things for which he should never have been forgiven. He was a lot like James in that respect, for while my husband had bought his grace with his brilliance, Joshua did so with his looks. I considered that a moment, before turning away, suddenly finding I could not bear to look at him for fear of what I might forgive next.
Richard Ashby Wilson, Writing History in International Criminal Trials|Believing, as they now did, that the heavenly powers took part in human affairs, they became so much absorbed in the cultivation of religion and so deeply imbued with the sense of their religious duties, that the sanctity of an oath had more power to control their lives than the fear of punishment for lawbreaking.
Derek Landy|He closed his eyes. The insides of his eyelids were a brownish black, not at all the same as the thick purple of the night. Darkness had so many colors. It was strange, that, and perhaps a little disquieting. But—―Oh!‖A foot slammed into his left calf, and he opened his eyes just in time to see a woman tumbling backward.Right onto his blanket.He smiled. The gods still loved him.
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|For the sake of all the others who are like you, but less strong and less gifted perhaps, many of them, it's up to you to have the courage to make good.
David Chiles|Social media has helped make the world flatter and reduced the degrees of separation, leading to the situation where many can interact with people who, but for this platform, they may never have had the privilege to meet or speak with. That is the opportunity social media brings.But it does come with responsibilities. Not to take this opportunity for granted and not to throw decorum to the dogs. The line between virtual and real life is getting thinner and is lately made of morning dew.Manners matter on social media.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|Um, well, I’ve been working out with Alex. Today just happened to be right after our workout,” Craig admits finally.“Really,” I say dripping with sarcasm. “And you failed to mention this earlier? You ran off so abruptly for your tryst. I should’ve suspected something illicit was occurring.”Alex erupts in laughter looking at Craig. “You didn’t tell her.
Piero Ferrucci, The Power of Kindness: The Unexpected Benefits of Leading a Compassionate Life|Some time ago, my son Emilio was going back to school after vacation. He did not like the idea at all and was filled with anxiety. To him, the approach of school days was like a monster that threatened him and wanted to squash him. What is a parent supposed to do? I tried to lift his spirits, to distract him, convince him it was not as bad as it seemed, but in vain. Then I hit upon the idea of offering him something that is almost taboo in our family: French fries at a fast-food place. Usually anything that is prohibited appeals to Emilio, especially junk food. I thought I had the ace up my sleeve. But no. Emilio's reply ought to be chiseled in stone: "Dad, you don't solve problems with french fries."Touche. You don't pretend problems do not exist, and you can't solve them with ephemeral distractions. You have to face them with open-eyed honesty. Offering French fries to my son in order to console and distract him from his anxiety was by no means a kind act. I was simply choosing the easier option--far too easy. I had found a comfortable way out.
J.J. Zep|I don't want to think about it, but I have to. Someone has to. I see the signs of spring and I weep...
Bertrand Russell|In the Second World War he took no public part, having escaped to a neutral country just before its outbreak. In private conversation he was wont to say that homicidal lunatics were well employed in killing each other, but that sensible men would keep out of their way while they were doing it. Fortunately this outlook, which is reminiscent of Bentham, has become rare in this age, which recognizes that heroism has a value independent of its utility. The Last Survivor of a Dead Epoch
Dominic Riccitello|Eventually I’ll stop writing about you and it’ll be bittersweet. Not because I’m not in love with you, but because I’ll just love you.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|There are always waves on the water. Sometimes they are big, sometimes they are small, and sometimes they are almost imperceptible. The water’s waves are churned up by the winds, which come and go and vary in direction and intensity, just as do the winds of stress and change in our lives, which stir up the waves in our minds.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|He who is jealous, is never jealous of what you see, with what is imagined is enough.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|I don’t understand you, Pigeon. I thought I knew women, but you’re so fucking confusing I don’t know which way is up.”“I don’t understand you, either. You’re supposed to be Eastern’s ladies’ man. I’m not getting the full freshmen experience they promised in the brochure,” I teased.
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|Wherever the shadow of economic growth touches us, we are left useless unless employed on a job or engaged in consumption...We lose sight of our resources, lose control over the environmental conditions which make these resources applicable, lose taste for self-reliant coping with challenges from without and anxiety from within.
A.R. Kahler, Shades of Darkness|I had run to boarding school to escape myself. But I couldn't escape who I was or what I'd done, no matter how fast or far I ran. The crows were just a reminder of that. They wanted back in.My past wasn't done with me.Not yet.
Nikki Rowe|The world is broken he said, how will you fix it? I don't think anyone can fix it but we can teach ourselves & eachother to focus on the good and the important and maybe little by little this place won't feel so heavy.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The leadership challenge for celebrities and those in the limelight includes turning focus from being self-centred to influencing vulnerable and gullible youngsters, especially teenagers, in a positive way; realising that it is possible to entertain and increase following without promoting societal vices like drug & alcohol abuse, irresponsible sexual behaviour, prejudice of all kinds, criminal heroism, gangsterism and all forms of violence.
Mo Yan, Shifu, You'll Do Anything for a Laugh|To get over artist's block, make shitty art.
James Bruchac & Joseph Bruchac|They did not kill Hunger, for people were made to always want new things to taste. They did not destroy Poverty, for poverty reminds us to be humble. They did not destroy Sleep, for people sometimes need to forget their troubles and restore their energy. And they did not defeat Old Age, for there must always be room for the new people being born.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|Actors are superstitious about beggars, perhaps because we're largely in the same line.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|...what an unfair advantage the dead had over the living, for there could be no rebuttal, no denial, nothing but the accusing silence of the grave.
Chad Smith|My own inclination is to skew towards humor. They say that some people view life as a comedy, others as a tragedy. Me? Comedy all the way.
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|Significantly, romantic friendships can coexist with the fact of partners' marrying because their reason for being is not to replace marriage but to open the possibility of sustained, committed true love existing among friends, and not just same-sex friends. No matter that our chosen relationship commitments change. Those of us who have long-term romantic friendships, some that have lasted longer than any of our marriages or partnerships, do not fear that these commitments will falter if we create primary bonds.
Alexa Grace, Profile of Terror|I had seen that once before, bleeding water. A little baby I worked on as a resident in training. That poor kid had been shot as well—his father had blasted away the top of his head with a shotgun—and we couldn't begin to stop the bloodletting in that case. "Looking pretty thin down here," I hollered when the stuff coming out his wounds was no more than pink salt water. That baby's heart stopped, started, stopped and started a dozen times before it finally gave up the ghost and we pronounced him. I could have read a newspaper through the watery stuff coming out his veins by then.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Begin to live, love, laugh, kiss, smile, hug…!
Syed Sharukh|Mark My Words, My Words In Other Words Are Not Just Words.
Sefryana Khairil, Coming Home|Aku percaya, tak pernah ada kata salah untuk cinta.
A.J. Flowers, A Guide to Writing Your First Novel|In general, dividing literature into prose and poetry began with the appearance of prose, for only in prose could such a division be expressed. By its nature, by its essence, art is hierarchical, automatically, and in this hierarchy, poetry stands above prose. If only because poetry is older. Poetry really is a very strange thing, because it belongs to a troglodyte as well as to a snob. It can be produced in the Stone Age and in the most modern salon, whereas prose requires a developed society, a developed structure, certain established classes, if you like. Here you could start reasoning like a Marxist without even being wrong. The poet works from the voice, from the sound. For him, content is not as important as is ordinarily believed. For a poet, there is almost no difference between phonetics and semantics. Therefore, only very rarely does the poet give any thought to who in fact comprises his audience. That is, he does so much more rarely than the prose writer.
Fulton J. Sheen|Too many people get credit for being good, when they are only being passive. They are too often praised for being broadminded when they are so broadminded they can never make up their minds about anything.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|If God annihilates or creates or deflects a unit of matter, He has created a new situation at that point. Immediately all nature domiciles this new situation, makes it at home in her realm, adapts all other events to it. It finds itself conforming to all the laws. If God creates a miraculous spermatozoon in the body of a virgin, it does not proceed to break any laws. The laws at once take over. Nature is ready. Pregnancy follows, according to all the normal laws, and nine months later a child is born.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|It seems to me that whatever else is beautiful apart from absolute Beauty is beautiful because it partakes of that absolute Beauty, and for no other reason... [I]t is by Beauty that beautiful things are beautiful.
James Allen|Never fret for an only son, the idea of failure will never occur to him.
Lester Holt|Drama school is a pretty intense experience, and I think it changes who you are.
David duChemin, Within the Frame: The Journey of Photographic Vision|I have a print - you can buy them at the Victoria and Albert Museum - of a photograph of the village street of Thetford, taken in 1868, in which William Smith is not. The street is empty. There is a grocer's shop and a blacksmith's and a stationary cart and a great spreading tree, but not a single human figure. In fact William Smith - or someone, or several people, dogs too, geese, a man on a horse - passed beneath the tree, went into the grocer's shop, loitered for a moment talking to a friend while the photograph was taken but he is invisible, all of them are invisible. The exposure of the photograph - sixty minutes - was so long that William Smith and everyone else passed through it and away leaving no trace. Not even so much of a mark as those primordial worms that passed through the Cambrian mud of northern Scotland and left the empty tube of their passage in the rock.I like that. I like that very much. A neat image for the relation of man to the physical world. Gone, passed through and away.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Cheryl Benard quoting Lorrie|Someone should write an erudite essay on the moral, physical, and esthetic effect of the Model T Ford on the American nation. Two generations of Americans knew more about the Ford coil than the clitoris, about the planetary system of gears than the solar system of stars. With the Model T, part of the concept of private property disappeared. Pliers ceased to be privately owned and a tire pump belonged to the last man who had picked it up. Most of the babies of the period were conceived in Model T Fords and not a few were born in them. The theory of the Anglo Saxon home became so warped that it never quite recovered.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|To gain greater understanding, clarity, and awareness, you must become aware of your values and beliefs. Think of a triangle or an iceberg. Below the waterline, your beliefs and your values build the foundation for your behavior.
Sunday Adelaja|The destiny of your nation is in your hands, waiting for your actions.
Joel Furches, Christ-Centered Apologetics: Sharing the Gospel with Evidence|Once again, it is difficult to start from the premise of mindless evolution and end with the idea that humans are anything more than organisms bent on preserving and passing on their DNA. The fact that humans not only pursue art, philosophy, and science, but also exult in those things more than reproduction cannot easily be explained through materialism.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Unless there was an open heart, and caring hands, and listening ears, the children will not be able to correct their steps alone, or overcome their wrong habits that still need their parents’ efforts, patience and big and continuous support.
Iain M. Banks, Look to Windward|When people lack true culture or are devoid of innovative ideas, they speak about wine, various brands of alcoholic beverages, or the quality of soap.
Federico García Lorca, Collected Poems|it is the deep-black-sky quiet time of night, which is the halfway time between the sun setting and the sun rising when even the night animals are quiet—as if they, like day animals, take a break in the middle of their work to rest.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose, no matter how beautiful, still has to contend with thorns.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Being human trespass the conditionings of the laws of the worlds that have been created by the conditioned society — these reflective of a conditioned mind reflect the facets of the self, to discipline and educate indirectly; restrict evolution for pardon, and affliction
Debasish Mridha|Do not allow outer chaos disturb your inner tranquility, serenity, and peace.
Quetzal|I can’t move, can’t get up,My arms are chained,My head’s not straight,I can’t see anyone at the end of the tunnel,I can’t move, can get up,My head’s not straight, My dreams have left,I feel empty and hollow, My arms are chained,The angel of fear is here with me,To give me a message “soon you’ll be free”There’s not light at the end of the tunnel,I feel empty and hollow.
Richard Branson, Reach for the Skies: Ballooning, Birdmen And Blasting into Space|And at once he sacrificed everything to it, if it can be said we ever sacrifice anything save what we know we can never attain, or what some secret wisdom tells us it would be uncomfortable or saddening to possess.
Jillian Hervey|It's been a huge blessing, being able to travel and have a great life.
Craig Childs, The Animal Dialogues: Uncommon Encounters in the Wild|Coyotes move within a landscape of attentiveness. I have seen their eyes in the creosote bushes and among mesquite trees. They have watched me. And all the times that I saw no eyes, that I kept walking and never knew, there were still coyotes. When I have seen them trot away, when I have stepped from the floorboard of my truck, leaned on the door, and watched them as they watched me over their shoulders, I have been aware for that moment of how much more there is. Of how I have only seen only an instant of a broad and rich life.
Teresa Marie Garcia|To realize your dreams, you must first take action towards those dreams.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|And such is your definition of matrimony and dancing. Taken in that light, certainly their resemblance is not striking; but I think I could place them in such a view. You will allow that in both man has the advantage of choice, woman only the power of refusal; that in both it is an engagement between man and woman, formed for the advantage of each; and that when once entered into, they belong exclusively to each other till the moment of its dissolution; that it is their duty each to endeavor to give the other no cause for wishing that he or she had bestowed themselves elsewhere, and their best interest to keep their own imaginations from wandering towards the perfections of their neighbors, or fancying that they should have been better off with any one else.
Renzo Piano|Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
Max Lucado|I choose gentleness... Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it be only in praise. If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.
Hannah Senesh|To die,so young to die.No, no, not I,I love the warm sunny skies,light, song, shining eyes,I want no war, no battle cry,No, no, not I.
Thabang Gideon Magaola|… a Southerner is BORN into the lifestyle,there just ain’t no choice about it.Yer either a Southerner or ya ain’t.
Rosalind Coward, Sacred Cows: Is Feminism Relevant To The New Millennium?|Womanism is feminism's vulgate. It asserts that women are the oppressed or the victims and never the collaborators in the 'bad' things that men do. It entails a double standard around sexuality where women's sexual self-expression is seen as necessary and even desirable, but men's is seen as dangerous or even disgusting. Womanism is by no means confined to a tiny, politically motivated bunch of man-hating feminists, but is a regular feature of mainstream culture.
Elmer Seward, Dreams of the Sleepless|Do good, and you'll always be a constant reminder of your good-self.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Ballads and Other Poems|Be still, sad heart! and cease repining;Behind the clouds is the sun still shining
Sui Ishida|My father was a Catholic, a coal miner in the Big Pit. My mother a Jew. A charwoman, when she could find the work. They didn’t fit in Wales. Nor in the U.K., either. They didn’t fit with each other all that well, for that matter. They fought every day for as long as I can remember and loved each other more than anyone I’ve ever known. At least they did right up till a night when he looked right and not left at a train crossing in Chepstow and ended up half a mile from where he’d started, dead as the Ghost. Looking for a job, he was. Turned out he didn’t need one.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We are generally treated based on how much or little we have, earn, or know—or seem to have, earn, or know.
Bob Proctor|No amount of reading or memorizing will make you successful in life. It is the understanding and application of wise thought that counts." -Bob Proctor
James Salter, Light Years|We're going to be okay."Here's the thing about being a spy: sometimes all you have are your lies. They protect your cover and keep your secrets, and right then I needed to believe that it was true even when all the facts said otherwise.
Seanan McGuire, An Artificial Night|Quentin quieted and watched her for a moment, hungrily, like he was trying to memorize every detail. Maybe he was. Forever is a long time. You have to burn the edges of memory onto your heart, or they can fade, and sometimes the second loss is worse than the first one.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Live your life in such a way that if God should greet you with "How are you?", your answer will be "I am how you wanted me to be"! Live life without regrets!
Michael  Grant, Lies|We do need a system, and we do need you and your 'Bertos, and sometimes we need Sam to just come along and kick some ass. - Quinn
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Good human work honors God's work. Good work uses no thing without respect, both for what it is in itself and for its origin. It uses neither tool nor material that it does not respect and that it does not love. It honors nature as a great mystery and power, as an indispensable teacher, and as the inescapable judge of all work of human hands. It does not dissociate life and work, or pleasure and work, or love and work, or usefulness and beauty. To work without pleasure or affection, to make a product that is not both useful and beautiful, is to dishonor God, nature, the thing that is made, and whomever it is made for. This is blasphemy: to make shoddy work of the work of God. But such blasphemy is not possible when the entire Creation is understood as holy and when the works of God are understood as embodying and thus revealing His spirit. (pg. 312, Christianity and the Survival of Creation)
Cassandra Clare, The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel|We do not measure the value of a person by their outward appearance, rank, or creed, rather by the sum of the agápe in their heart. Your value in the cosmos is greater than precious metals or jewels, humans have to potential to take us all into a period of great enlightenment, or to our ruin. The choice is yours.
Antonia Michaelis, The Storyteller|That cloak of love you were wearing—he’s torn it to shreds, undoing the seams of trust that held it together. How can you ever wear those shreds?
Michael Crichton|Well,” Harry said, “look at it this way: Suppose you were an intelligent bacterium floating in space, and you came upon one of our communication satellites, in orbit around the Earth. You would think, What a strange, alien object this is, let’s explore it. Suppose you opened it up and crawled inside. You would find it very interesting in there, with lots of huge things to puzzle over. But eventually you might climb into one of the fuel cells, and the hydrogen would kill you. And your last thought would be: This alien device was obviously made to test bacterial intelligence and to kill us if we make a false step.“Now, that would be correct from the standpoint of the dying bacterium. But that wouldn’t be correct at all from the standpoint of the beings who made the satellite. From our point of view, the communications satellite has nothing to do with intelligent bacteria. We don’t even know that there are intelligent bacteria out there. We’re just trying to communicate, and we’ve made what we consider a quite ordinary device to do it.
Darrell Drake, Where Madness Roosts|She's only a girl. What kind of men are you?''Dead ones?' asked Drith, who yanked the door open and put her sword through Narses' throat.
David Benedict Zumbo|Supply the needs first and the wants later, for one can only obtain true peace, love and joy when one supplies the needs first and not the wants.
Elfriede Jelinek, Greed|Dont want success, Deserve it !!!
Abhishek Kumar|By god the Buddhist means that from which the universe was born, the unborn of the Buddhist scriptures, and by soul that factor in the thing called man which moves towards enlightenment. Why need more be said of it, at any rate those who are not content with scholarship, but strive to attain that same enlightenment?
Steve Earle|Compromise makes a good umbrella, but a poor roof; it is temporary expedient, often wise in party politics, almost sure to be unwise in statesmanship.
Marcus Sedgwick, Blood Red, Snow White|I don't have a story," I said. "I'm still waiting for one.
Sarah Kay|While I have no empirical evidence to back this up, I bet that the number of homosexual people per thousand has not fluctuated all that much over the centuries. I do not believe the dented wisdom my father used to extol, that homosexuality was a sure sign of a civilization in decline.
Leila Aboulela, Minaret|The world is on fire with hate- everyone is blaming one another saying that religion is responsible for it!In all honesty, hate has no fate. But greed does it needs money, its faith.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Come, my men! never say die while there's a shot in the locker.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as [inherently] exceptional, whatever the motivation. There are big countries and small countries, rich and poor, those with long democratic traditions and those still finding their way to democracy. Their policies differ, too. We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord’s blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.
Rick Riordan|Dreams like a podcast,Downloading truth in my ears.They tell me cool stuff.""Apollo?" I guess, because I figured nobody else could make a haiku that bad.He put his finger to his lips. "I'm incognito. Call me Fred.""A god named Fred?
Sunday Adelaja|Friends, the light has come to the earth. We now have no right any longer to be in any form of darkness, especially in the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Bryan Davis|The life of every individual, viewed as a whole and in general, and when only its most significant features are emphasized, is really a tragedy; but gone through in detail it has the character of a comedy.
Deepika Padukone|I try and work out as often as possible. Since I travel very often, it becomes very difficult to have a daily work out routine, but I practice yoga every day or try and play some sport. Also, I am very aware of what suits my body in terms of food and exercise.
Samuel Smiles|When I served as prime minister last time, I failed to prioritize my agenda. I was eager to complete everything at once, and ended my administration in failure. After resigning, for six years I traveled across the nation simply to listen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A sage is a good teacher, but an even greater learner.
Iben Dissing Sandahl, The Danish Way of Parenting: What the Happiest People in the World Know About Raising Confident, Capable Kids|Worrying about life’s circumstances of those I love, but over which I have no control is a dangerous, never-ending and pointless game to play.
Walter Moers, The City of Dreaming Books|In my profession it isn’t a question of telling good literature from bad. Really good literature is seldom appreciated in its own day. The best authors die poor, the bad ones make money — it’s always been like that. What do I, an agent, get out of a literary genius who won’t be discovered for another hundred years? I’ll be dead myself then. Successful incompetents are what I need.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|The mind is the mine of man, wherein he digs out good or evil.
Naomi Watts|You won't find me in a romantic comedy. Those movies don't speak to me. People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person.
Veronica Rossi, Through the Ever Night| Then he told Perry that love was like the waves in the sea, gentle and good sometimes, rough and terrible at others, but that it was endless and stronger than the sky and the earth and everything in between.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|In some cases, it is the woman’s stomach—not her heart—that has left her man for another.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|What freedom men and women could have, were they not constantly tricked and trapped and enslaved and tortured by their sexuality! The only drawback in that freedom is that without it one would not be a human. One would be a monster.
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Shadows|Strong isn't about not being afraid, Caitlin. It's about facing what you're scared of.
Connie Stevens|I was labeled a troublemaker, my mom an unfit mother, and I was not welcome anywhere.
Kenneth Cain, Emergency Sex (And Other Desperate Measures): True Stories from a War Zone|Israelis are a mix of North African, Levantine, and Eastern European, which inflames the politics but does amazing things for the women.
Hanya Yanagihara, The People in the Trees|When he came down, he was slower, and clutching something his hand. He leapt down the last 5 feet or so and came over to me, uncurling his fingers. In his palm was something trembling and silky and the bright, delicious pale gold of apples; in the gloom of the jungle it looked like light itself. Uva nudged the thing with a finger and it turned over, and I could see it was a monkey of some sort, though no monkey I had ever seen before; it was only a few inches larger than one of the mice I had once been tasked with killing, and his face was a wrinkled black heart, its features pinched together but its eyes large and as blankly blue as a blind kitten's. It had tiny, perfectly formed hands, one of which was gripping its tail, which it had wrapped around itself and which was flamboyantly furred, its hair hanging like a fringe.
Nikita Dudani|Literature is a vast ocean, in which one has to drown themselves to be able to conquer it. Those on shore can see a side of it or have tasted a part of it. And I choose to drown myself in it than just to see it.
Nigel Farage|Since human wisdom cannot secure us from accidents, it is the greatest effort of reason to bear them well.
J.Z. Colby, Journey|In love, you can sometimes feel a melting and merging with the other person, and the two becomes one. The physical bodies are still separate, but something beyond the bodies creates a oneness. It opens a spiritual dimension.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In the inverted food chain of fame, it was the big beasts who were stalked and hunted
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|When one gets in bed with government, one must expect the diseases it spreads.
Robert F. Young, The Worlds of Robert F. Young|Shan stared at his glass, then lifted it under his nose. It was the closest he would knowingly get to tasting the hard liquor. It was not because it would violate the vows of the monks, which he had not taken, but because somehow it felt as though it would violate his teachers who still sat behind prison wire in Lhadrung.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|If God wills that I die, then I die. No power on earth can change that.
Venus Williams|Design, whether it's on your body or in your home, is the same thing. It's mixing different colors, different textures, and unexpected patterns - elements that you wouldn't often put together in an interesting way.
Charity Sunshine Tillemann-Dick|I just want to grow spiritually with the Lord. I'm keeping strong at it, just trying to make my walk with faith a little better.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Often we withhold our affections, waiting first for love to be extended to us. The irony is that we are loved for loving.
C.D. Reiss, Beg|I put my hand next to his shoulder on the door frame, not touching, but real close. “Look, Blondie. I’m not asking you to bottom, just to fucking navigate.
Gregory Benford|I can't just wear whatever when I go out because somebody might want to take a picture. People are, like, taking pictures of me in my car when I'm driving. It's crazy. I kind of hate it sometimes.
Elizabeth Thornton|Science has to be understood in its broadest sense, as a method for comprehending all observable reality, and not merely as an instrument for acquiring specialized knowledge.
Karl Marx, Critique of the Gotha Program|In a higher phase of communist society, after the enslaving subordination of the individual to the division of labor, and therewith also the antithesis between mental and physical labor, has vanished; after labor has become not only a means of life but life's prime want; after the productive forces have also increased with the all-around development of the individual, and all the springs of co-operative wealth flow more abundantly—only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be crossed in its entirety and society inscribe on its banners: From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs!
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|He leaned in close, his mouth near her ear. “Dance with me.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Without stories we end up with stereotypes -- a flat earth with flat cardboard figures that have no texture or depth, no INTERIOR.
Pippa Goldschmidt, The Need for Better Regulation of Outer Space|I don't think she can see her husband very often, for he teaches the university students during the day, and works at the telescope at night. I wonder if she hopes for cloudy nights and then feels guilty.
Carol Broad, Living with the Reality of Dissociative Identity Disorder: Campaigning Voices|Our future can be brighter. We know that with the right help, continued treatment, and support we can potentially aim for partial or full integration. Yet even if this is not possible, whatever happens we can move forwards. We can live with the multiplicity of being an us and not a me, a we and not an I. We know that, as we are already living that life.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|It seems that the people of Oran are like that friend of Flaubert who, on the point of death, casting a last glance at the irreplaceable earth, exclaimed: "Close the window, it's too beautiful.
Angelus Silesius|Take the road less travelled. Get lost if you must, because only in losing yourself will you find your true path...
Buddha|Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!
Marcello Mastroianni|The innovative process is a fragile one, dependent on a complex, often messy interplay of imagination, competition, and exchange. Curbing new ideas hurts not only individual creators but the audience for which they create and the posterity that inherits their legacy.
Jodi Picoult, The Color War|Trying to be white? What the hell does that mean? I've never understood that. How could anyone be white when they aren't white? Seems like a simple enough thing to prove, right? Hold out your arm next to someone else's arm and do a simple swatch test. Of course, what people mean when they say that is that there's some kind of authentic black experience that the accused isn't properly expressing. But what is the authentic experience? Clothes that wannabe gangbangers wear on the street? Hood style? What's authentic about that? For that matter, is fashion even a good marker of authenticity or race, anyway? Aren't clothes a second skin you wear over your real skin to obscure who you really are? Can they also express who you really are?
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Swearing, d’Angelo entered the elevator. Fortunately, that was also still in order. When he got to the bridge, everything looked pretty ordinary – except for the third body of the day, which was lying spread-eagled on the deck with an almost comical look of surprise on his face. Jang was dead, although d’Angelo couldn’t see the cause, but then, he was no doctor. He sighed dismally. Now he hadn’t a navigator either. Or a crew for that matter.
Deyth Banger|So… die!?When is going to die this guy or that woman in series!????Kind of fucked up… knowing the answer and continue watching.( Dexter, Person of Interest, Breaking Bad - On thoughts)
Taylor Mali|Falling In Love Is Like Owning A Dog.Throw things away and love will bring them back,again, and again, and again.But most of all, love needs love, lots of it.And in return, love loves you and never stops.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The Sufis are unanimous that a Guide (Sheikh) is absolutely essential, though never available on demand: 'the Sufis are not merchants'.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|Ian willed all his energy, all his strength through that touch and into Chris. Take it, take everything, babe. I'm yours.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|I was glad that our venerable, almost formless religions, drained of all intransigence and purged of savage rites, linked us mysteriously to the most ancient secrets of man and of earth, not forbidding us, however, a secular explanation of facts and a rational view of human conduct.
Craig Dilworth, Too Smart for our Own Good: The Ecological Predicament of Humankind|So much barbarism, however, still remains in the transactions of most civilized nations, that almost all independent countries choose to assert their nationality by having, to their inconvenience and that of their neighbors, a peculiar currency of their own.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|Necessity is an independent concept. It has a different structure from logic, morals, or meaning. Its function lies entirely in the role it plays. What doesn't play a role shouldn't exist. What necessity requires does need to exist. That's what you call dramaturgy.
Murray N. Rothbard|Collectivists see the world the way Mr. Magoo did—as one big blur. They homogenize people in a communal blender, sacrificing the discrete features that make us who we are.
Emile Hirsch|Just because you are CEO, don't think you have landed. You must continually increase your learning, the way you think, and the way you approach the organization. I've never forgotten that.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|Though you are three times more beautiful than angels,Though you are the sister of the river willows,I will kill you with my singing,Without spilling your blood on the ground.Not touching you with my hand,Not giving you one glance, I will stop loving you,But with your unimaginable groansI will finally slake my thirst.From her, who wandered the earth before me,Crueler than ice, more fiery than flame,From her, who still exists in the ether—From her you will set me free.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|An eye for an eye." "And the whole world goes blind," Coral puts in quietly.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When people seem angry, sometimes they are simply upset and hurting. Asking the right questions helps them to work through it.
Timothy Schaffert, The Swan Gondola|And I'm not going to get any thinner or any younger, my ass is going to hit the ground, if it hasn't already--and I want to be with somebody who can still see me in here. I'm still in here. And I don't want to be resented or despised for changing...I'd rather be alone.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|Live that way long enough, and you will literally find yourself addicted to the acceptance of people. You will constantly need verbal affirmation. You will depend on always receiving a steady stream of invitations to events you don’t even want to attend. You will feel as though you need a significant other in your life at all times. I’m not exaggerating - this need for external acceptance will literally become an addiction. And that turns every one of your relationships - personal, professional, and romantic - into a codependent one. You are not in the relationship with a full heart able to give love away. You are in the relationship because you NEED it. You don’t know how you’d survive, much less thrive, without it. You are using every person to fill a void in your heart that you simply refuse to fill yourself. This is a mess.
Tumelo Molotsi|Money doesnt buy happiness of a lady. I mean a real lady not aSLUT. TRUST,LOVE and treating her like a queen is all that counts,nomatter what you have.
Louis MacNeice|Their ghosts are gagged, their books are library flotsam,Some of their names - not all - we learnt in schoolBut, life being short, we rarely read their poems,Mere source-books now to point or except a rule,While those opinions which rank them high are basedOn a wish to be different or on lack of taste.
Brian Tracy|If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.
Noor Iskandar|Everyone knows that dragons don’t exist. But while this simplistic formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific mind. The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact wholly unconcerned with what does exist. Indeed, the banality of existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further here. The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical. They were all, one might say, nonexistent, but each non-existed in an entirely different way.
Robert Crichton, The Secret of Santa Vittoria|Dictatorship, by whatever name, is founded on the doctrine that the individual amounts to nothing; that the State is the only one that counts; and that men and women and children were put on earth solely for the purpose of serving the state.
Ross Cheit|[Refers to 121 children taken into care in Cleveland due to suspected abuse (1987) and later returned to their parents]Sue Richardson, the child abuse consultant at the heart of the crisis, watched as cases began to unravel: “All the focus started to fall on the medical findings; other supportive evidence, mainly which we held in the social services department, started to be screened out. A situation developed where the cases either were proven or fell on the basis of medical evidence alone. Other evidence that was available to the court, very often then, never got put. We would have had statement from the child, the social workers and the child psychologist’s evidence from interviewing. We would have evidence of prior concerns, either from social workers or teachers, about the child’s behaviour or other symptoms that they might have been showing, which were completely aside from the medical findings. (Channel 4 1997) Ten years after the Cleveland crisis, Sue Richardson was adamant that evidence relating to children’s safety was not presented to the courts which subsequently returned those children to their parents: “I am saying that very clearly. In some cases, evidence was not put in the court. In other cases, agreements were made between lawyers not to put the case to the court at all, particularly as the crisis developed. Latterly, that children were sent home subject to informal agreements or agreements between lawyers. The cases never even got as far as the court. (Channel 4, 1997)”Nor is Richardson alone. Jayne Wynne, one of the Leeds paediatricians who had pioneered the use of RAD as an indicator of sexual abuse and who subsequently had detailed knowledge of many of the Cleveland children, remains concerned by the haphazard approach of the courts to their protection. I think the implication is that the children were left unprotected. The children who were being abused unfortunately returned to homes and the abuse may well have been ongoing. (Channel 4 1997)
Jessica Park, Flat-Out Celeste|Mommy set the phone aside as Liam whined and plucked at her shirt. “Are you hungry?” she asked gently. He nodded. “I can’t nurse you when you’re like this, sweetheart, not with all of those razor-sharp teeth.”That was the saddest thing he had ever heard in his whole life. He lifted his head and looked at her, grief stricken.
John Britton|You are the person that I should have had out there.....right out in front for eveyone to see. To be able to say to the world; Look at who it is that I love! Look how wonderful she is. To be proud of who it is that I am with. That person was you. In my self-absorbed and selfish ways, I didn't celebrate or regard you in the way I should have. I will always have regrets about that and those are the types of thoughts and feelings that have haunted me as I have sat alone in my quiet.
Dawn Foster, Lean Out|Women, “the softer sex”, are expected to bare this emotional performance yet accept the fact it is undervalued, both classified as an intrinsic skill that accompanies living whilst female, and the belief that it cannot be taught formally, so is less valuable
Gift Gugu Mona|Trials are a measure of your faith, so be courageous when going through trials in life.
Cory Lidle|I think it has other roots, has to do, in part, with a general anxiety in contemporary life... nuclear bombs, inequality of possibility and chance, inequality of goods allotted to us, a kind of general racist, unjust attitude that is pervasive.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|If the sun never set, we would have no perception of the vast depths of space, which become visible only at night when we are able to see what is obscured by the bright daylight
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|As for Ellai, she told her sister what had passed, and Nitid wept, and her tears fell to earth and became chimaera, children of regret...
Virginia Wright, Buzzzzzzzz...: What Honeybees Do|The keepers would give the gorillas an assortment of fruits and vegetables each afternoon, and on this particular occasion, Judy Sievert tossed Nina an apple, which rolled away. Instead of going to get it, Nina just 'sat there sadly,' in Judy's words. Judy continued her rounds, handing out yams and apples to the other gorillas, but Nina sat there looking appleless and downtrodden. Taking pity, Judy tossed her another apple. As soon as Nina had it, she got up and went over to where the first apple had rolled away, taking it too.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Our emotions affect the atmosphere around us, and other people, because emotions influence the electromagnetic field our heart emits.
Kate McGahan|There is nothing at all to be done about it, There is nothing to do about anything.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|Be a wife of whom he can make no complaint, Margaret. That is the best advice I can give to you. You will be his wife; that is to be his servant, his possession. He will be your master. You had better please him.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Art of Talking to Yourself|When you love people, you are curious about who they are, what they think, and how they feel. You watch them closely, wondering about their experience and what you can do to make it more enjoyable. You feel compassion for their pain and seek to make it more bearable. You are eager to learn the unique language of their existence. You want to understand them, inspire them, heal them. What if you could look at yourself this way?
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|To her, not packing our lunches every day or joining the PTA is a feminist rallying cry.
Whitaker Chambers|While I was trying to write, I was trying to grow.
Kate Atkinson, Behind the Scenes at the Museum|In the end, it is my belief, words are the only things that can construct a world that makes sense.
Mark Beaumont|Every Inch of the Way is a great page turning adventure which is as close as you can get, without actually saddling up and pedalling yourself into the unknown. It takes real magic to turn a great adventure, into a great book. For one thing, most people can't relate to the mindset of the long distance cyclist and I found myself laughing along to Tom's thoughts and observations, wondering if they were in - jokes, shared by those who had seen the world at the speed of a bike, for example his relationship with Serbia's stray dogs! . But his anecdotes have a great balance of the cultures and places, as opposed to just inward reflections, so I am sure would be enjoyed by anyone with an interest in travel and human experience. A lovely story, written from the heart.
Mike Huckabee, A Simple Government: Twelve Things We Really Need from Washington|It will be like having an extreme close-up in high definition to examine each freckle, while failing to notice whether the person is even wearing pants.
Robert G. Ingersoll, On the Gods and Other Essays|No one infers a god from the simple, from the known, from what is understood, but from the complex, from the unknown, and incomprehensible. Our ignorance is God; what we know is science.
Socrates|The Lord enjoins us to do good to all without exception, though the greater part, if estimated by their own merit, are most unworthy of it. But Scripture subjoins a most excellent reason, when it tells us that we are not to look to what men in themselves deserve, but to attend to the image of God, which exists in all, and to which we owe all honor and love. But in those who are of the household of faith, the same rule is to be more carefully observed, inasmuch as that image is renewed and restored in them by the Spirit of Christ. Therefore, whoever be the man that is presented to you as needing your assistance, you have no ground for declining to give it to him. Say he is a stranger. The Lord has given him a mark which ought to be familiar to you: for which reason he forbids you to despise your own flesh (Gal. 6:10). Say he is mean and of no consideration. The Lord points him out as one whom he has distinguished by the luster of his own image (Isaiah 58:7). Say that you are bound to him by no ties of duty. The Lord has substituted him as it were into his own place, that in him you may recognize the many great obligations under which the Lord has laid you to himself. Say that he is unworthy of your least exertion on his account; but the image of God, by which he is recommended to you, is worthy of yourself and all your exertions. But if he not only merits no good, but has provoked you by injury and mischief, still this is no good reason why you should not embrace him in love, and visit him with offices of love. He has deserved very differently from me, you will say. But what has the Lord deserved? Whatever injury he has done you, when he enjoins you to forgive him, he certainly means that it should be imputed to himself. In this way only we attain to what is not to say difficult but altogether against nature, to love those that hate us, render good for evil, and blessing for cursing, remembering that we are not to reflect on the wickedness of men, but look to the image of God in them, an image which, covering and obliterating their faults, should by its beauty and dignity allure us to love and embrace them.
Doris Layton MacKenzie, Evidence-Based Crime Prevention|The heated public discourse about the frequency of false rape allegations often makes no reference to actual research. When the discourse does make reference to research, it often founders on the stunning variability in research findings on the frequency of false rape reports. A recently published comprehensive review of studies and reports on false rape allegations listed 20 sources whose estimates ranged from 1.5% to 90% (Rumney, 2006). However, when the sources of these estimates are examined carefully it is clear that only a fraction of the reports represent credible studies and that these credible studies indicate far less variability in false reporting rates."Lisak, D., Gardinier, L., Nicksa, S. C., & Cote, A. M. (2010). False allegations of sexual assualt: an analysis of ten years of reported cases. Violence Against Women, 16(12), 1318-1334.
Thomas More, Utopia|But what they find most amazing and despicable is the insanity of those who all but worship the rich, to whom they owe nothing and who can do them no harm; they do so for no other reason except that they are rich, knowing full well that they are so mean and tightfisted that they will certainly never give them one red cent during their whole lives.
Patricia McBride|I would have dreams all the time about me playing in the NFL. Every day I woke up, I said to myself, you know, I'm going to work hard, you know, this day to get to that next level.
Jane Bennett, Vibrant Matter: A Political Ecology of Things|Nothing that is good can become stuck – and if it is stuck, it can’t be any good!
John Powell, Why Am I Afraid to Tell You Who I Am?/Why Am I Afraid To Love: Insights Into Personal Growth|The fully human person is in deep and meaningful contact with the world outside of him. He not only listens to himself, but to the voices of the world. The breadth of his own individual experience is infinitely multiplied through a sensitive empathy with others. He suffers with the suffering, rejoices with the joyful. He is born again in every springtime, feels the impact of the great mysteries of life: birth, growth, love, suffering, death. His heart skips along with the 'young lovers', and he knows something of the exhilaration that is in them. He also knows the ghetto's philosophy of despair, the loneliness of suffering without relief, and the bell never tolls without tolling in some strange way for him.
Ramakrishna|The Kingdom of Heaven is not a place, but a state of mind.
Anna Eshoo|I only like food without color, like potatoes, bread, and pasta.
Ibaa Younis|Within a year, possibly by next fall," he was saying, "something that has never before been done, will be done. NASA will be sending men to the moon. Think of that. Men who were once in classrooms like this one will leave their footprints on the lunar surface." He paused. I leaned in close against the wall so I could hear him. "That is why you are sitting here tonight, and why you will be coming here in the months ahead. You come to dream dreams. You come to build fantastic castles up in the air. And you come to learn how to build the foundations that make those castles real. When the men who will command that mission were boys your age, no one knew. But in a few months, that's what will happen. So, twenty years from now, what will people say of you? 'No one knew then that this kid Washington Irving High School would grow up to do'...what? What castle will you build?
Nate Silver, The Signal and the Noise: Why So Many Predictions Fail - But Some Don't|lthough the basic principles of economics are not very complicated, the very ease with which they can be learned also makes them easy to dismissed as "simplistic" by those who do not want to accept analyses which contradict their cherished beliefs. Evasions of the obvious are often far more complicated than the facts. Nor is it automatically true that complex effects must have complex causes. The ramifications of something very simple can become enormously complex.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|When we have clarity on our destination and are grounded in our current reality, we are equipped to make the best decisions possible.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attibutable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Strains of music spring up, crystallizing in the night air like rain turning suddenly to snow, drifting to earth.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|God will not allow you to add the words "next time" to now faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I mediate on God’s word, therefore, I have hope.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|Let us then understand at once that change or variety is as much a necessity to the human heart and brain in buildings as in books; that there is no merit, though there is some occasional use, in monotony; and that we must no more expect to derive either pleasure or profit from an architecture whose ornaments are of one pattern, and whose pillars are of one proportion, than we should of a universe in which the clouds were all of one shape, and the trees all of one shape.
Angel Ramon Medina, Framed: The Second Book of the Thousand Years War|3. When making your dramatic exit, crawl along one of the web strands that extend outward from the center. Avoid the webbing that runs in concentric circles, as it's the stickiest. 4. Once you've escaped, say something snarky to the queen, like "Sorry I couldn't stick around.
Kasie West, Pivot Point|My bookcase is all yours."I walked to the door. "I've just decided that those are my favorite five words in the world.
Michael   Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds|...I do not believe that the law of God permits a better man to be harmed by a worse. No doubt my accuser might put me to death or have me banished or deprived of civic rights; but even if he thinks, as he probably does (and others to, I dare say), that these are great calamities, I do not think so... For let me tell you, gentlemen, that to be afraid of death is only another form of thinking that one is wise when one is not; it is to think that one knows what one does not know. No one knows with regard to death whether it is not really the greatest blessing that can happen to a man; but people dread it as though they were certain that it is the greatest evil; and this ignorance, which thinks that it knows what it does not, must surely be ignorance most culpable. This, I take it, gentlemen, is the degree, and this is the nature of my advantage over the rest of mankind; and if I were to claim to be wiser than my neighbour in any respect, it would be in this: that not possessing any real knowledge of what comes after death, I am also conscious that I do not possess it. But I do know that to do wrong and to disobey my superior, whether God or man, is wicked and dishonourable; and so I shall never feel more fear or aversion for something which, for all I know, may really be a blessing, than for those evils which I know to be evils.
Joris-Karl Huysmans|As incompetent in life as in death, I loathe myself and in this loathing I dream of another life, another death. And for having sought to be a sage such as never was, I am only a madman among the mad . . .
Ben Whishaw|Life is sad. People, you know, are going to pass, and you know that you will one day.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|And you haven’t got a ‘pause’ button, have you? You are just uncontrollable!
Sanhita Baruah|Alexa, and the other guests, and perhaps even Georgina, all understood the fleeing from war, from the kind of poverty that crushed human souls, but they would not understand the need to escape from the oppressive lethargy of choicelessness.
David Hockney|Design must be functional, and functionality must be translated into visual aesthetics without any reliance on gimmicks that have to be explained.
Kristin Chenoweth, A Little Bit Wicked: Life, Love, and Faith in Stages|A professionally trained actress should be a better liar, wouldn't you think? But no. I am pathetically underachieved in that area. I can think of a great lie. I'm plenty imaginative. But before the words are even out of my mouth, there's a weird tickle of unease in my armpits, a horsefly of guilt lands on the back of my neck, and before I can stop myself, that gassy little bubble of truth belches out.
Pamela Clare, Striking Distance|Damn," Crystal sputtered, looking up from the dictionary in disbelief. "Oenophlygia: the state of being dunk. It really is a word".Johnny gloated unabashedly. "Just wouldn't listen, would you? Just couldn't stand that I might be way ahead of the game. Word to the wise," he added with a superior smirk. "Don't mess with a man of my experience in that arena.
Stephen Chbosky|I don´t want to be somebody´s crush, if somebody likes me, i want them to like the real me, not what they think I am.
Jennifer Crusie, Strange Bedpersons|A culture capable of imagining complexly is a humble culture. It acts, when it has to act, as late in the game as possibl, and as cautiously, because it knows its girth and the tight confines of the china shop it's blundering into. And it knows that no matter how well prepared it is -- no matter how ruthlessly it has held its projections up to intelligent scrutiny -- the place it is headed for is going to very different from the place it imagined. The shortfall between the imagined and the real, multiplied by the violence of one's intent, equals the evil one will do.
Deyth Banger, The Life of One Kid 1|I don't feel good anymore with this skin... probably a new title... a new chapter.. something new will be more okay than that... to much honesty... I am not on this... After all if you don't know this fact, I am going to point it to you... Marriage is successful if it's build on a lie...
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|Like all lawyers, I was delighted by gratitude. It happened so rarely.
Debasish Mridha|When your sky is covered with the clouds of sadness, smile like the sun and paint your own rainbow.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Our parts now -- which perforce we must play -- are not father and daughter, but one old Abhorsen, making way for the new. But behind this, there is always my love.
Lucinda Riley, The Girl on the Cliff|Please tell a story about a girl who gets away.”I would, even if I had to adapt one, even if I had to make one up just for her. “Gets away from what, though?”“From her fairy godmother. From the happy ending that isn’t really happy at all. Please have her get out and run off the page altogether, to somewhere secret where words like ‘happy’ and ‘good’ will never find her.”“You don’t want her to be happy and good?”“I’m not sure what’s really meant by happy and good. I would like her to be free. Now. Please begin.
Dorothy Bussy, Olivia|I have occupied this idle, empty winter with writing a story. It has been written to please myself, without thought of my own vanity or modesty, without regard for other people's feelings, without considering whether I shock or hurt the living, without scrupling to speak of the dead.The world, I know, is changing. I am not indifferent to the revolution that has caught us in its mighty skirts, to the enormity of the flood that is threatening to submerge us. But what could I do? In the welter of the surrounding storm, I have taken refuge for a moment on this little raft, constructed with the salvage of my memory. I have tried to steer it into that calm haven of art in which I still believe. I have tried to avoid some of the rocks and sandbanks that guard its entrance.[from the introduction]
Charles E. Schaefer|We are never more fully alive, more completely ourselves, or more deeply engrossed in anything, than when we are at play.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|It is a curious fact, but nobody ever is sea-sick - on land. At sea, you come across plenty of people very bad indeed, whole boat-loads of them; but I never met a man yet, on land, who had ever known at all what it was to be sea-sick. Where the thousands upon thousands of bad sailors that swarm in every ship hide themselves when they are on land is a mystery.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|India was and to some extent, still is, a nation where its citizens care more about their religious freedom than any other earthly possession. Give them food or not, it doesn’t matter to them, as long as they are allowed to practice their religion. But, take away their religion, they will fight till the last breath of their life.
Donald Barthelme, Flying to America: 45 More Stories|I think we shall have trouble learning how to lie, having for so long practiced the art of going round and round the truth without ever lying about it, or reaching it either.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|To see others suffer does one good, to make others suffer even more: this is a hard saying but an ancient, mighty, human, all-too-human principle [....] Without cruelty there is no festival.
John Waters, Role Models|You should never read just for "enjoyment." Read to make yourself smarter! Less judgmental. More apt to understand your friends' insane behavior, or better yet, your own. Pick "hard books." Ones you have to concentrate on while reading. And for god's sake, don't let me ever hear you say, "I can't read fiction. I only have time for the truth." Fiction is the truth, fool! Ever hear of "literature"? That means fiction, too, stupid.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Faith, in the sense in which I am here using the word, is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted, in spite of your changing moods.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|Make no mistake about it, a perfect storm is forming, and it's coming our way. Its sudden onset and fierce intensity will surprise even its most vocal proponents and cheerleaders. Many people who are now in the fetish lifestyle will vainly leap into the fray, foolishly thinking that this will be an orderly battle of opposing ideas that can be fought civilly and rationally. They will quickly learn that they are tragically wrong in this assumption, and many of them will pay a terrible price emotionally, socially, and financially as a result.
Harry Browne|My dream is to be World Lightweight Champion in the UFC. Have more money than I know what to do with. And have a great life for my kids, grandkids, and everyone in my family.
Emily Whitman, Radiant Darkness|There is one type of gambling which should always be encouraged. It is betting on goodness. When a person has wronged you, be good to him. If he adds insult to injury, double the bet. And keep on doubling it. You will surely win!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|When you are molested for your piety; when your religion brings the trial of cruel mockings upon you, then remember it is not your cross, it is Christ's cross
Jodi Picoult|My mother... she is beautiful, softened at the edges and tempered with a spine of steel. I want to grow old and be like her.
Ambrose Bierce, Ghost Stories|From the vast, invisible ocean of moonlight overhead fell, here and here, a slender, broken stream that seemed to plash against the intercepting branches and trickle to earth, forming small white pools among the clumps of laurel. But these leaks were few and served only to accentuate the blackness of his environment, which his imagination found it easy to people with all manner of unfamiliar shapes, menacing, uncanny, or merely grotesque.He to whom the portentous conspiracy of night and solitude and silence in the heart of a great forest is not an unknown experience needs not to be told what another world it all is - how even the most commonplace and familiar objects take on another character. The trees group themselves differently; they draw closer together, as if in fear. The very silence has another quality than the silence of the day. And it is full of half-heard whispers, whispers that startle - ghosts of sounds long dead. There are living sounds, too, such as are never heard under other conditions: notes of strange night birds, the cries of small animals in sudden encounters with stealthy foes, or in their dreams, a rustling in the dead leaves - it may be the leap of a wood rat, it may be the footstep of a panther. What caused the breaking of that twig? What the low, alarmed twittering in that bushful of birds? There are sounds without a name, forms without substance, translations in space of objects which have not been seen to move, movements wherein nothing is observed to change its place. Ah, children of the sunlight and the gaslight, how little you know of the world in which you live! ("A Tough Tussle")
Carl Sagan|Some information is classified legitimately; as with military hardware, secrecy sometimes really is in the national interest. Further, military, political, and intelligence communities tend to value secrecy for its own sake. It's a way of silencing critics and evading responsibility - for incompetence or worse. It generates an elite, a band of brothers in whom the national confidence can be reliably vested, unlike the great mass of citizenry on whose behalf the information is presumably made secret in the first place. With a few exceptions, secrecy is deeply incompatible with democracy and with science.
Juliet Barker, The Brontës: A Life in Letters|The first duty of an Author is --- I conceive --- a faithful allegiance to Truth and Nature; his second, such a conscientious study of Art as shall enable him to interpret eloquently and effectively the oracles delivered by those two great deities.--- Charlotte Bronte
Isaac Asimov|What I will be remembered for are the Foundation Trilogy and the Three Laws of Robotics. What I want to be remembered for is no one book, or no dozen books. Any single thing I have written can be paralleled or even surpassed by something someone else has done. However, my total corpus for quantity, quality and variety can be duplicated by no one else. That is what I want to be remembered for.
Michael Crawford|Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|Blessed are the meek, for to them we shall say "attaboy".
Brandon T. Snider, The Elements of Harmony: The Official Guidebook|Breaking the personality is like cutting the tree in its trunk, it needs years to be grown as it was‌.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|God, unlike His creation, is always proactive and never reactive.
Frank Huyler, Right of Thirst|And I feel like a real Dad when I read to her at night. She won't sleep without one story, at least.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Though Alec had never seen the occupants of the first floor loft, they seemed to be engaged in a tempestuous romance. Once there had been a bunch of someone's belongings strewn all over the landing with a note attached to a jacket lapel addressed to "A lying liar who lies." Right now there was a bouquet of flowers taped to the door with a card tucked among the blooms that read I'M SORRY. That was the thing about New York: you always knew more about your neighbors' business than you wanted to.
sandeep kumar mishra|A true love is never defeated.Even when in ashes,it whirls and finds solace with air
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|Of the not very many ways known of shedding one's body, falling, falling, falling is the supreme method, but you have to select your sill or ledge very carefully so as not to hurt yourself or others. Jumping from a high bridge is not recommended even if you cannot swim, for wind and water abound in weird contingencies, and tragedy ought not to culminate in a record dive or a policeman's promotion. If you rent a cell in the luminous waffle, room 1915 or 1959, in a tall business centre hotel browing the star dust, and pull up the window, and gently - not fall, not jump - but roll out as you should for air comfort, there is always the chance of knocking clean through into your own hell a pacific noctambulator walking his dog; in this respect a back room might be safer, especially if giving on the roof of an old tenacious normal house far below where a cat may be trusted to flash out of the way. Another popular take-off is a mountaintop with a sheer drop of say 500 meters but you must find it, because you will be surprised how easy it is to miscalculate your deflection offset, and have some hidden projection, some fool of a crag, rush forth to catch you, causing you to bounce off it into the brush, thwarted, mangled and unnecessarily alive. The ideal drop is from an aircraft, your muscles relaxed, your pilot puzzled, your packed parachute shuffled off, cast off, shrugged off - farewell, shootka (little chute)! Down you go, but all the while you feel suspended and buoyed as you somersault in slow motion like a somnolent tumbler pigeon, and sprawl supine on the eiderdown of the air, or lazily turn to embrace your pillow, enjoying every last instant of soft, deep, death-padded life, with the earth's green seesaw now above, now below, and the voluptuous crucifixion, as you stretch yourself in the growing rush, in the nearing swish, and then your loved body's obliteration in the Lap of the Lord.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|Often we allow ourselves to be upset by small things we should despise and forget. We lose many irreplaceable hours brooding over grievances that, in a year's time, will be forgotten by us and by everybody. No, let us devote our life to worthwhile actions and feelings, to great thoughts, real affections and enduring undertakings.
John Green, Paper Towns|I'm living under water. Everything seems slow and far away. I know there's a world up there, a sunlit quick world where time runs like dry sand through an hourglass, but down here, where I am, air and sound and time and feeling are thick and dense.
Joe DiMaggio|Hip hop is the strongest form of protest there is, and it doesn't always have to be a violent protest. It can be romantic, also. When you listen to Kanye West's 'Street Lights' for example, there's romance, there's pain - you feel the essence. I get the same thing from Drake and 2 Chainz.
Haruki Murakami|To become a pious saint, experience first as as a ruthless killer.
George S. Patton|Ever since World War I, superior force is no longer measured in terms of men or horses, but in the means to wreak destruction.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Greater than atomic power is the power of love. Alas, we use it so sparingly!
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|Jesus never encouraged His friends to cover over the pain in their lives, but to bring it into the light, where healing is found. Sometimes we don't do that because we fear being rejected by others. Yes, rejection may well happen, but bringing the pain to the light is still the best way to live. It will take much courage, but it will bring freedom.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|I find a good cliche very comforting in times of stress." said the Sage
Sunday Adelaja|If the church doesn’t start fighting corruption, it will keep flourishing in the country
Bakhtyar Ali|Many say that it is ethnocentric to claim that our religion is superior to others. Yet isn't that very statement ethnocentric? Most non-Western cultures have no problem saying that their culture and religion is best. The idea that it is wrong to do so is deeply rooted in Western traditions of self-criticism and individualism. To charge others with the "sin" of ethnocentrism is really a way of saying, "Our culture's approach to other cultures is superior to yours.
Donna Leon, Quietly in Their Sleep|Makers?" said Toby. Jaysir nodded."We're not loners, you know. There just weren't any on Wallop. We love to get together, we just refuse to engage in social relations that are based on material inequity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We fail to say the right words, because we choose to say the wrong words! We choose to say the wrong words, because we fail to think of the right words!
Sigizmund Krzhizhanovsky, Autobiography of a Corpse|Thus are many identities, over time, shown to be temporary alignments of components involved in a deeper allegiance.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|Do you know what guerrillas often say? They claim that their rebellions are invulnerable to economic warfare because they have no economy, that they are parasitic on those they would overthrow. The fools merely fail to access the coin in which they must inevitably pay. The pattern is inexorable in its degenerative failures. You see it repeated in the systems of slavery, of welfare states, of caste-ridden religions, of socializing bureaucracies -- in any system in which creates and maintains dependencies. Too long a parasite and you cannot exist without a host.
Martha Brockenbrough, The Game of Love and Death|I am someone who has always run from difficulty, and it dawns on me that I don't have to go on that way. We write ourselves certain parts and then keep playing them as if we have no choice. But a tardy person can become a punctual one, if she chooses. You don't have to keep being the thing you have become. It is never too late.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The jurist is totally unacquainted with the problem of the value of money; he knows nothing of fluctuations in its exchange-value. The naive popular belief in the stability of the value of money has been admitted, with all its obscurity, into the law, and no great historical cause of large and sudden variations in the value of money has ever provided.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|And scars will lighten, they'll pale unless you keep rubbing at them...wait long enough, they'll fade.
Suzanne Somers|Why would I want a place of my own? Then I would have to things worry about, like doing laundry and having food in the fridge.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Never fool yourself, success will not come by accident – it must be deliberately planned for. If opportunities don’t come on their own, they too must be created or attracted.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|It's an illusion, control," Naomi said. "You ought to understand that by now, young Claire. We are never in control of our destinies, even the strongest of us. All we can hope to do is not be too badly damaged by events.
Avinash Prasad|Early to bed and early to work might get you a success, but late to bed and early to work will get you a glory.
John Banville|Still the dream persists, suppressed but always there, that somehow by some miraculous effort of the heart what was done could be undone. What form would such atonement take that would turn back time and bring the dead to life? None. None possible, not in the real world. And yet in my imaginings I can clearly see this cleansed new creature steaming up out of myself like a proselyte rising drenched from the baptismal river amid glad cries.
Yawatta Hosby, One By One|Birds chirped and hawked in the distance. A group of them, maybe vultures, circled the sky. Rae glanced at the blanket. Those damn birds could probably smell Marissa, and the second everyone left, they'd pounce on her.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|St. Catherine of Siena once said, ‘If you are what you should be, you will set the whole world ablaze.’ But,” I turned to him urgently, “how can I even light a single candle if someone blocks off the first step?
Maureen Johnson, The Last Little Blue Envelope|Maybe this was what Aunt Peg meant all along - returning was a weird thing. You can never visit the same place twice. Each time, it's a different story. By the very act of coming back, you wipe our what came before.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|No", she said, "I know that you don't like me.""You don't know anything.
Dorothy Day|The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Debate, but do not argue.Challenge, but do not force your opinions.To win an argument, but lose a friendship, is a loss.To lose an argument, but retain a friendship, is gain.
Zaveric|Life is short,Live it long
Andrew Fukuda, The Hunt|But you are not your bank account, or your ambition. You're not the cold clay lump you leave behind when you die. You're not your collection of walking personality disorders. You are Spirit, you are love, and even though it is hard to believe sometimes, you are free. You're here to love, and be loved, freely. If you find out next week that you are terminally ill - and we're all terminally ill on this bus - what will matter are memories of beauty, that people loved you, and that you loved them.
Tony Dovale|ReThink Training: The best process of learning is on the job, just-in-time, "nibble-knowledge" to incrementally transform mindsets and skillsets irrevocably.
Amy Bloom, A Blind Man Can See How Much I Love You|When I get tired of new clunky writing, I resort to old fashioned story tellers, like Wilkie Collins.
Ken Robinson|The point is not to be the best, but to be the best you can be.
Osama Sarwar|Honesty is a great thing, if tempered with love.
Henri Lefebvre, Critique of Everyday Life|For the wine of Clochemerle is at once exquisite and treacherous; it charms first the nose, then the palate, finally the entire man. Mark well that if it makes a man drunk it does not do so malignantly. It produces an enchanting light-heartedness, an intellectual sparkle which liberates the drinker from the constraints and conventions which bind him in his daily life.
Benjamin F. Wade|Significant officials at publicly traded companies are casually and cavalierly engaged in insider trading. Because insider trading has as one of its elements communication, it doesn't take rocket science to realize it's nice to have the communication on tape.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|The author points out that the moral failure of Abigail Adams' brother focused her on disciplining her children, and herself, so that they did not come to the same end.
Flora Haines Loughead|Of all books printed, probably not more than half are ever read. Many are embalmed in public libraries; many go into private quarters to fill spaces; many are glanced at and put away...scarcely opened until the fire needs kindling. The most ardent book-lovers are not always the greatest readers; indeed, the rabid bibliomaniac seldom reads at all. To him books are as ducats to the miser, something to be hoarded and not employed... So pleasant it is to buy book; so tiresome to utilize them.
Harshvardhan Malpani|You set it, You hit it!And meanwhile you work hard to hit real quick.
Patrick Carman, Skeleton Creek|Physically, mentally, emotionally -- it seems like every part of me is broken in one way or another.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.
Lada Ray, The Earth Shifter|Shaman is a spiritual shuttle between three realms of existence: Heaven, Mankind and Earth. He pierces through inter-dimensional veils in order to heal the parts and unite the whole.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am never lonely when I am praying, for this brings me into companionship with the greatest friend of all—Jesus Christ. He said, “I call you not servants; . . . but . . . friends” [John 15:15 KJV].
Albert Marrin, Black Gold: The Story of Oil in Our Lives|The elimination of profit, whatever methods may be resorted to for its execution, must transform society into a senseless jumble.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You spend the beginning part of your life with your mother, so love her; the middle part of your life with your girlfriend, so care for her; and the end part of your life with your wife, so adore her.
Joseph R. Lallo, The Book of Deacon|Unfortunately, wisdom and happiness are old enemies, and where one can be found, the other seldom lingers. - Wolloff
Kathleen Winsor, Forever Amber|Her honey-coloured hair fell in heavy wavesbelow her shoulders and as she stared up at him her eyes, clear, speckled amber, seemed to tilt at the corners; her brows were black and swept up in arcs, and she had thick black lashesh. There was about her a kind of warm luxuriance, something immediately suggestive to the men of pleasurable fulfillment- something for which she was not responsible but of which she was acutely conscious.
Chad Kultgen, The Lie|people don't change, they just have momentary steps outside of their true character
Frederick Douglass|Whether we turn to the declarations of the past, or to the professions of the present, the conduct of the nation seems equally hideous and revolting. America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future.
Paul Strand|Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I don't care if your dad is the Sultan of Brunei. You happened to be born into a privileged family. What you do with that truth is completely up to you. I'm here because I want to be with you. But if I didn't, all the money in the world wouldn't have changed my feelings for you.
Ottilie Weber, Beneath the Scars|After applying to hundreds of scholarships I finally felt that we are also beggars, no different than others, we are not on the street, uneducated, but we are sitting in front of computers with years of hardworking and repeatedly begging each and everyone to sponsor and support our education, not because we deserve, but we cannot afford.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|When I was doing the Mademoiselle application my husband would peer over my shoulder and say, "What are you doing competing with the best brains in the country? Why don't you just wash the dishes?" When the telegram came from Mademoiselle, I ran outside and shouted, "Guess who has the best brains in the country?
Gordon Hempton|I choose to love you in silence, for in silence I find no rejection.I choose to love you in loneliness, for in loneliness no one owns you but me.I choose to adore you from a distance, for distance will shield me from pain.I chose to kiss you in the wind, for the wind is gentler than my lips.I choose to hold you in my dreams, for in my dreams you have no end.
Jonathan Swift, A Modest Proposal|Anti-intellectualism is virtually our civic religion. "Critical thinking" may be a ubiquitous educational slogan—a vaguely defined skill we hope our children pick up on the way to adulthood—but the rewards for not using your intelligence are immediate and abundant.
Stephenie Meyer|It was very relaxing to be away from civilization, and this bothered me. I should not have found the loneliness so welcoming.
Michael McGirr, The Lost Art of Sleep|There was a time when I fancied myself as a barrister but it takes years to qualify and even then you can end up earning less than $10,000 a day. So when I saw an advertisement for a course to become a barista I decided to settle for that.
Emily Procter|I realized I was gay in the shower one day with Barbra Streisand. It happened while I was lathering, rinsing, and repeating with Pert Plus. As I was belting out the chorus to my favorite song from 'Funny Girl,' 'Oh my man, I love him so, he'll never know...' it hit me.
Lewis Carroll, Sylvie and Bruno|Is Life itself a dream, I wonder?
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I was actually permitting myself to experience a sickening sense of disappointment: but rallying my wits, and recollecting my principles, I at once called my sensations to order; and it was wonderful how I got over the temporary blunder--how I cleared up the mistake of supposing Mr. Rochester's movements a matter in which I had any cause to take vital interest. Not that I humbled myself by a slavish notion of inferiority: on the contrary, I just said--	"You have nothing to do with the master of Thornfield further than to receive the salary he gives you for teaching his protegee and to be grateful for such respectful and kind treatment as, if you do your duty, you have a right to expect at his hands. Be sure that is the only tie he seriously acknowledges between you and him, so don't make him the object of your fine feelings, your raptures, agonies, and so forth. He is not of your order: keep to your caste; and be too self-respecting to lavish the love of the whole heart, soul, and strength, where such a gift is not wanted and would be despised.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|We can easily imagine a monetary organization which, by the exclusive use of notes or clearing-house methods, allows all transfers to be made with the instrumentality of sums of money that never change their position in space.If differences due to the geographical position of money are disregarded in this way, we get the following law for the exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods: every economic good, that is ready for consumption (in the sense in which that phrase is usually understood in commerce and technology), has a subjective use-value qua consumption good at the place where it is and qua production good at those places to which it may be brought for consumption.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|The students adore your father,' a perfumed woman said to me. 'Aren't you lucky to live with such a charming man!''He's even more charming at home,' Mom said. 'Isn't he, Bea? He rides a unicycle through the house -''- even up and down the stairs,' I added.'He juggles eggs as he makes breakfast every morning -''- which he serves to us in bed of course,' I said.'- and pulls fragrant bouquets out of his ass,' Mom finished.'He's just a joy.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The man can neither make, nor retain, one moment of time; it all comes to him by pure gift; he might as well regard the sun and moon as his chattels.
Henry V. O'Neil, Orphan Brigade|I’ve had a lot of lieutenants over the years, and all the good ones were sick, sick individuals. You might be the best one yet.
Kiefer Sutherland|Environmental pollution, terrorism, and many other global threats do not stop at borders. We all bear global responsibility and thus need a global identity to enable us to cope with them. We must learn to integrate different levels of identity in ourselves. What matters is not either/or, but both/and.
Shelly Kagan|In silence, an act is an act is an act. Verbalized and discussed, it becomes an ethical problem ...
Nikki Rowe|My body's been touched a thousand or more times but I am craving something so much deeper than that ~ I desire to be felt, right down to the core of my soul and the corners of my heart. That's what love is about isn't it ~ cracking yourself open to the possibility that it could change your life.
A.A. Milne, Once on a Time|I'm brilliant as well as skilled," he said modestly. "It's a great burden, all of that on top of my angelic good looks. But I try to soldier on as best I can.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|You're an expatriate. You've lost touch with the soil. You get precious. Fake European standards have ruined you. You drink yourself to death. You become obsessed with sex. You spend all your time talking, not working. You are an expatriate, see? You hang around cafes.
Gene Wolfe|If Thecla had symbolized love of which I felt myself undeserving, as I know now that she did, then did her symbolic force disappear when I locked the door of her cell behind me? That would be like saying that the writing of this book, over which I have labored for so many watches, will vanish in a blur of vermillion when I close it for the last time and dispatch it to the eternal library maintained by the old Ultan. The great question then, that I pondered as I watched the floating island with longing eyes and chafed at my bonds and cursed the hetman in my heart, is that of determining what these symbols mean in and of themselves. We are like children who look at print and see a serpent in the last letter but one, and a sword in the last.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Discarded lay all the dreamsIn the bin of unwanted thingsTill you came and set them freeAnd, to soar, gave them wings…
Anton Chekhov, About Love and Other Stories|Three o'clock in the morning. The soft April night is looking at my windows and caressingly winking at me with its stars. I can't sleep, I am so happy.
Kate Bernheimer|Since there are thousands of fairy tales, one may safely guess that there are probably equal numbers where the courage and determination of females rescue males, and vice versa.
Marion Victoria Green|Satisfaction: it's not something we find, it is something that happens while appreciating what we already have. - Keep your blessings in sight, front & center.
Steve Wozniak|I've come to a view that humans will continue to do what we do well, and that computers will continue to do what they do very well, and the two will coexist, but in different spaces.
Don DeLillo, Great Jones Street|It is madness. But sometimes, madness is the only path forward.
Augusten Burroughs, Running with Scissors|I watched the black ocean in his eyes and saw this flash behind them and understood what he had meant the night before, about the insanity that had gripped him. He was not so far gone as to be lost, but he was close, and I knew it had come from me turning my back on him as I had started to flee. Whether I wanted to or not, I anchored him to this world, and I was the only thing he'd known, maybe for his whole life. He had watched me, yes, he had stalked me, oh yes, but it had driven him to the edge. I inhaled sharply at the wildness I saw in him, the despair that was threatening to rise.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|They sped by a pack of sea lions lounging on the docks, and she swore she saw an old homeless guy sitting among them. From across the water the old man pointed a bony finger at Percy and mouthed something like 'Don't even think about it.'"Did you see that?" Hazel asked. Percy's face was red in the sunset. "Yeah. I've been here before. I...I don't know. I think I was looking for my girlfriend.""Annabeth," Frank said. "You mean, on your way to Camp Jupiter?"Percy frowned. "No. Before that.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Wings of Fire: An Autobiography|Dreams are not those which comes while we are sleeping, but dreams are those when u don't sleep before fulfilling them.
Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow|I wonder if anyone will know what I mean when I say that some people make the world seem like a large place filled with different lands, languages and cultures and others make it seem like a small place where a new Tom Hanks movie is being released on video this week
Anna C. Salter|In projecting onto others their own moral sense, therapists sometimes make terrible errors. Child physical abusers are automatically labeled “impulsive," despite extensive evidence that they are not necessarily impulsive but more often make thinking errors that justify the assaults. Sexual and physical offenders who profess to be remorseful after they are caught are automatically assumed to be sincere. After all, the therapist would feel terrible if he or she did such a thing. It makes perfect sense that the offender would regret abusing a child. People routinely listen to their own moral sense and assume that others share it.Thus, those who are malevolent attack others as being malevolent, as engaging in dirty tricks, as being “in it for the money,“ and those who are well meaning assume others are too, and keep arguing logically, keep producing more studies, keep expecting an academic debate, all the time assuming that the issue at hand is the truth of the matter.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998 p122
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Indeed, no woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
Ursuala K. Le Guin|The false starts and futilities of the past years proved themselves to be groundwork, foundations, laid in the dark but well laid.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|That does it," said Jace. "I'm going to get you a dictionary for Christmas this year.""Why?" Isabelle said."So you can look up 'fun.' I'm not sure you know what it means.
Scott Stabile|Friends...we can paralyze ourselves with the need to have all the details in order, with the desire to know all of the hows, with the reasons why we're not quite ready, and whatever other story we tell ourselves to keep from diving into the changes/dreams/goals we know we need to go after in our lives. At some point, though, we have to dive in. You'll never have all the details worked out, and they'll change along the way. You'll never know all the hows, and you don't need to. Nobody does. There will always be reasons you're not ready enough, and always fears that will beg you not to do a thing. Sometimes the only way we can overcome all of these obstacles is by starting, wherever we are, with whatever we have to offer in the moment. Really, just begin.
P. J. O'Rourke|I am humble Abraham Lincoln. I have been solicited by my friends to become a candidate for the Legislature. My politics are short and sweet, like the old woman's dance.
Malcolm X|To make love last, you've got to treat it like the ultimate poker hand; you've got to go all in.
Jules Verne, Around the World in Eighty Days|A common fallacy in much of the adverse criticism to which science is subjected today is that it claims certainty, infallibility and complete emotional objectivity. It would be more nearly true to say that it is based upon wonder, adventure and hope.
Douglas Wilson|The “Word of God” is not simply the Christian Bible but exists in a threefold form: “The Word” incarnate (Jesus Followers’ King), the word prophesied and proclaimed (Prophets), and the word in scripture (Bible). All three are the self-disclosure of God, The One & Only ...in three, distinct & unique Persons, Father, Son, & Holy Spirit.
Zhuangzi|You should find the same joy in one condition as in the other and thereby be free of care, that is all. But now, when the things that happened along take their leave, you cease to be joyful. From this point of view, though you have joy, it will always be fated for destruction.
er.teji|The most unbearable moments, seeing your dear one crying and you cannot hold her because it is not allowed.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|YOu enjoy it, didn't you?YOu like it, didn't you?You are now smiling are you?(You are asking for what... So far I will say "Nothing, nothing --- Just my mistake...")...I know what you are thinking you want I to be your next victim! ( DON"T YA? :) :) :D)
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Life is a bonfire where everyone else has brought marshmallows, and you—a stick.
Stephanie Witter, Be A Doll|I'm going to own your body, Lila, because you f*cking own mine.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|We all have scars, Wharick. Mine happen to be on the the outside," Kathel answered but knew what he said wasn't entirely true. He bore scars on the inside as well.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The truth is that the world doesn't have much use or respect for "do nothing" people. Can you really blame them?
Anthony T. Hincks|A positive is just two negatives going in two different directions. So, if something doesn't work, change tact, and come at it from a different direction. You never know, it may just work.That's being positive for ya!
honeya|No man can escape the shadow of his own character." Let us hope we are casting the right kind of shadow!
Mehmet Murat ildan|In any country where there is a dishonorable government, there is certainly a dishonorable nation!
Bob Woodward, Obama's Wars|Almost everything about Afghanistan was troubling Mullen. As Obama was giving intense focus on the war, Mullen was feeling more personal responsibility. Afghanistan had been marked by 'incredible neglect,' he told some of his officers. 'It's almost like you're on a hunger strike and you're on the 50th day, and all of a sudden you're going to try to feed this person. Well, they're not going to eat very quickly. I mean, every organ in the body is collapsing. The under-resourcing of Afghanistan was much deeper and wider than even I thought. It wasn't just about troops. It was intellectually, it was strategically, it was physically, culturally.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your passion is measured by the difference between your willingness to take actions and your desire to quit. When your desire to quit outweighs your willingness to persist, you are ripe for failure!
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|We may have agreed to end it kitty , but that didnt inlcude being warm and kind to me as a human
Morgan Guyton|You said just now, "Don't be so ashamed of yourself, because that's the root of your trouble"––with those words, you seem to have reached right into my innermost soul. What I mean is, when I visit people, I always feel that I'm really the lowest of the low, that everybody takes me for a buffoon, so I say to myself, why shouldn't I act the fool, I'm not afraid of what any of you might think, because every single one of you is even worse than me. That's why I'm a buffoon, I'm a buffoon born of shame, great starets, of shame. It's anxiety pure and simple that makes me so unruly.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|For I must tell you, gentle reader, that Geralt the Witcher was always a modest, prudent and composed man, with a soul as simple and uncomplicated as the shaft of a halberd.
Stacey  Lee, Outrun the Moon|Some parents bring their children up and, I suppose, others let them down.
Lexi Ryan, Unbreak Me|Come on, make it easy, say I never mattered
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|Indians today are governed by two different ideologies. Their political ideal set in the preamble of the Constitution affirms a life of liberty, equality and fraternity. Their social ideal embodied in their religion denies them.
Abraham Lincoln|One company can serve some of your needs all of the time, or all of your needs some of the time, but never both.
Sharad Pawar|In many companies, the person who talks the best usually gets the job. I got snowed by a few of those people over the years. I still think communication is important, but I don't think there's always a correlation between being a great communicator and other virtues that make for a great leader.
Beth Moore|........................................To a man without a country, He appeared a joint sojourner. To Joshua armed but afraid, He came a valiant warrior.To Moses raised up on the mount, He was the One yet higher. To Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, He was the fourth man in the fire.To Elijah who stood as one for God, he was never less alone. For Noah's faithful family, He made an ark their home. To Ezekiel He appeared to be the light cast over the dark. To King David running from the throne, He was the true Monarch. To Daniel at the bite of death, He was the lock upon their jaws. To King Solomon who'd had it all, He was the only worthy cause. To a sinking fisherman, He was life upon the water. To a grieving Jairus, He was life unto his daughter.To a woman at the well, He was complete acceptance. To a doubting Thomas, He was the proof for his reluctance. To a dozen throwbacks from the world, He unleashed His awesome power. From a greedy grave of several days burst forth his finest hour.........................................
Ramakrishna|I left in love, in laughter, and in truth, and wherever truth, love and laughter abide, I am there in spirit.
Liu Cixin, Death's End|A newly formed planet appeared on the large screen. its surface was till red-hot, like a piece of charcoal fresh out of the furnace. Time passed at the rate of geological eras, and the planet gradually cooled. The color and patterns on the surface slowly shifted in a hypnotic manner. A few minutes later, an orange planet appeared on the screen, indicating the end of the simulation run."The computations were done at the coarsest level; to do it with more precision would require over a month." Green Glasses moved the mouse and zoomed in on the surface of the planet. The view swept over a broad desert, over a cluster of strangely shaped, towering mountain peaks, over a circular depression like an impact crater."What are we looking at?" Yang Dong asked."Earth. Without life, this is what the surface of the planet would look like now.""But . . . where are the oceans?""There are no oceans. No rivers either. The entire surface is dry.""Your'e saying that without life, liquid water would not exist on Earth?""The reality would probably be even more shocking. Remember, this is only a coarse simulation, but at least you can see how much of an impact life had in the present state of the Earth.""But--""Do you think life is nothing but a fragile, thin, soft shell clinging to the surface of this planet?""Isn't it?""Only if you neglect the power of time. If a colony of ants continue to move clods the size of grains of rice, they could remove all of Mount Tai in a billion years. As long as you give it enough time, life is stronger than metal and stone, more powerful than typhoons and volcanoes.
Vinod Khosla|For most women, including women who want to have children, contraception is not an option; it is a basic health care necessity.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Since you dismissed your maid,” he said, “I suppose it will be up to me to undress you.”“That is most chivalrous of you, my lord.
Caitlyn Jenner|Most Italians who came to this country are very patriotic. There was this exciting possibility that if you worked real hard, and you loved something, you could become successful.
Laurelin Paige, First Touch|Feet shuffled closer then halted when Reeve said, “Touch her, I’ll break your neck.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|What you realize is that everyone has her own priorities—her own constituency. Often, being a leader is not about making grand proclamations or telling people what to do; it’s about balancing all these priorities and constituencies.
Saint Ignatius|I know what men want. Men want to be really, really close to someone who will leave them alone.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|The muses are ghosts, and sometimes they come uninvited.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|And, indeed it is a very pleasant thing for to ride forth in the dawning of a Springtime day. For then the little birds do sing their sweetest song, all joining in one joyous medley, whereof one may scarce tell one note from another, so multitudinous is that pretty roundelay; then do the growing things of the earth smell the sweetest in the freshness of the early daytime—the fair flowers, the shrubs, and the blossoms upon the trees; then doth the dew bespangle all the sward as with an incredible multitude of jewels of various colors; then is all the world sweet and clean and new, as though it had been fresh created for him who came to roam abroad so early in the morning.
Martha Beck|It is the truth of grace and not of the law that brings you true freedom. The truth of the law only binds you. In fact, religious bondage is one of the most crippling bondages with which a person can be encumbered. Religious bondage keeps one in constant fear, guilt, and anxiety.
Margaret Mallory, The Gift|For a witch stands on the very edge of everything, between the light and the dark, between life and death, making choices, making decisions so that others may pretend no decisions have even been needed. Sometimes they need to help some poor soul through the final hours, help them to find the door, not to get lost in the dark.
Donald Knuth|I think there are very few people who have a real style, a real personality, and real beauty.
Rachel Cohn, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List|Beauty’s not only skin deep. Just because a person is beautifuldoesn’t mean there’s no soul beneath. Doesn’t meanthat person hasn’t suffered like everyone else, doesn’t meanthey don’t hope to still be a good human being in an awfulworld. (Gabriel)
Kevin Systrom|Shiv Nadar University has five schools with 16 departments offering 14 undergraduate, 10 master's and 13 doctoral programmes. The demand for engineering courses - computer science, engineering, electronics, communication engineering, mechanical engineering - is slightly on the higher side compared to other engineering courses.
Nikki Sex, Abuse|A child, without toxic interference, will naturally become the person they are meant to be. André Chevalier
Omar N. Bradley|Sectional football games have the glory and the despair of war, and when a Texas team takes the field against a foreign state, it is an army with banners.
Aung San Suu Kyi|Watch your manner of speech if you wish to develop a peaceful state of mind. Start each day by affirming peaceful, contented and happy attitudes and your days will tend to be pleasant and successful.
Emily Dickinson|I know nothing in the world that has as much power as a word. Sometimes I write one, and I look at it, until it begins to shine.
Samuel Morse|Not to be daily employing the Spirit and new nature for the mortifying of sin is to neglect that excellent succor which God has given us against our greatest enemy. If we neglect to make use of what we have received, God may justly hold his hand from giving us more. His graces, as well as his gifts, are bestowed on us to use, exercise, and trade with. Not to be daily mortifying sin is to sin against the goodness, kindness, wisdom, grace, and love of God, who has furnished us with a principle of doing it.
Ronald Velesovsky|There were these things and the flames ate these things, and since fire doesn't distinguish between the word of God and the word of the Soviet Communications Registry Bureau, both Qur'an and telephone directory returned to His mouth in the same inhalation of smoke.
Kālidāsa|I recognise your body in liana; your expression in the eyes of a frightened gazelle; the beauty of your face in that of the moon, your tresses in the plumage of peacocks... alas! Timid friend- no one object compares to you.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|The great challenge of life is to fit our unique inner world into a shared outer world. Find our space, the pleasure of identification. The tip is to undertake your exclusivity with reciprocity, to be a point of inspiration. The rule is to understand what is needed. The great example is the time that, besides fair, is immaterial, therefore, made of experiences, interaction.
Ian McEwan, The Child in Time|...children are at heart selfish, and reasonably so, for they are programmed for survival.
Rosamund Lupton, Afterwards|In time, Mr Hall, one gets to recognize that sneer, that hardness, for fornication extends far beyond the actual deed. Were it a deed only, I for one would not hold it anathema. But when the nations went a whoring they invariably ended by denying God, I think, and until all sexual irregularities and not some of them are penal the Church will never reconquer England.
Derekica Snake, Cinder|So, you don’t drink much,” he said. “What about food?”	“No, I don’t eat food. I tried it once a long time ago when I was still a young vamp. It tasted good, but my body rejected it.”	“Don’t feel bad. My body rejects food on occasion too,” Greg said, and she grinned. A sense of humor was always a plus for a man.
Bruce R. McConkie|Now, the atonement of Christ is the most basic and fundamental doctrine of the gospel, and it is the least understood of all our revealed truths. Many of us have a superficial knowledge and rely upon the Lord and his goodness to see us through the trials and perils of life. But if we are to have faith like Enoch and Elijah we must believe what they believed, know what they knew, and live as they lived.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Well, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow....""I'd worked that much out for myself, funnily enough. What happens if you break it, then?""You die," said Ron simply. "Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I was about five. I nearly did too, I was holding hands with Fred and everything when Dad found us. He went mental," said Ron, with a reminiscent gleam in his eyes. "Only time I've ever seen Dad as angry as Mum. Fred reckons his left buttock has never been the same since."“Yeah, well, passing over Fred’s left buttock —”"I beg your pardon?" said Fred's voice as the twins entered the kitchen.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Remember the proverb: 'A sign is enough for the alert, but a thousand counsels are not enough for the negligent.
Jean Kerr|Some teachers feel that if they ask for emotional help, they're a failure. But teaching is a team sport.
Alec Baldwin, Nevertheless: A Memoir|there was nothing to be ashamed of in doing jobs simply to make a living, so long as those jobs fueled other creative efforts
Norman MacCaig|What makes a river so restful to people is that it doesn't have any doubt - it is sure to get where it is going, and it doesn't want to go anywhere else.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|…I’ve come to realize that the only truths that matter to me are the ones I don’t, and can’t, understand. What’s mysterious, ambiguous, inexplicable. What doesn’t fit into a story, what doesn’t have a story. Glint of brightness on a barely-there chain. Patch of sunlight on a yellow wall. The loneliness that separates every living creature from every other living creature. Sorrow inseparable from joy.
Francois Hollande|I generally travel with my laptop, a couple of great books, and my iPod.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Compared to when I was a boy, we now live in reverse. The people are locked up in their homes at night and criminals are outside on the loose! When I was young, the criminals were locked up and the people were free to move about. That time has passed for many cities.
—Rabbi Lawrence Kushner|This is the setting out.The leaving of everything behind.Leaving the social milieu. The preconceptions.The definitions. The language. The narrowed field of vision. The expectations.No longer expecting relationships, memories, words, or letters to mean what they used to mean. To be, in a word: Open.
Danielle Valenilla, Fun Dip & Other Misfortunes|Ladies, when you write a poem for Feminism because that is what we sometimes do, remember that it's never about them. It's only about you.
Anonymous|...but we're not being educated in how to be, only in how to accomplish. So it's all about acquisition, about getting stuff we don't have...As soon as you realize it's a thought pattern, you can write yourself a restraining order.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|Do you remember our first kiss? I do. Not a day goes by I don’t think of the feel of that bicuspid against my tongue. It had such a distinctive feel, neither cuspid nor molar…but I’m not sure it knew that – that was what endeared it to me so. It was like the blunted tusk of a wild boar.
Yuvraj Singh|The sole and basic source of our strength is the solidarity of workers, peasants and the intelligentsia, the solidarity of the nation, the solidarity of people who seek to live in dignity, truth, and in harmony with their conscience.
Robin Alexander, Rusty Logic|Stella turned to us. "One of us is going to have to swim it. Any volunteers?"Jamie shook his head. "Not it. Sharks, first of all, and second of all, sharks"- The Retribution of Mara Dyer
Jeffrey Dean Morgan|I do probably come down a little hard on a group of people I call the 'blue chip gays.' I mean people who have managed to become very, very famous and are still very famous partly through staying in the closet, like Jasper Johns, Cy Twombly, Susan Sontag, Harold Brodkey and others.
Placido Domingo|When you solve a problem, you ought to thank God and go on to the next one.
Katherine Reay, Lizzy and Jane|Teddy taught me about kindness, about love that is unconditional; a sentiment not dependent on acceptance, approval, or the expectation of something in return. It was the first time I would ever feel this from a man who wasn’t my grandfather. And I didn’t know what to do with it at all. If only I’d embraced our differences sooner. I didn’t know it then, but we had so little time left.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|We’re hungry for acceptance—from ourselves even more than from others—for love, for fulfillment, for peace. We’re hungry for a life we think we don’t deserve or can’t have, for the person we know we can be if only we’d give ourselves the chance.
Jessica Verday, The Haunted|Fundamental rule in your life, is to know what your deserve in life and getting what you deserve. That's winning always.
Linda Poindexter|I didn't recognize it as such then, because I was only thirteen years old, but later I found it a bit ironic that my first time seeing a woman in all her form and glory and saggy drug-tainted tits, arrived at the same exact time as my first introduction to death.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Why does it seem more difficult to heal a wounded ego than a wounded heart?Is it because the heart accepts the cold hard reality of rejection and tries to move on, while the ego has no capacity to act likewise?And while the heart weeps, the ego desires revenge: an eye for an eye, no matter what it takes?
Clara McBride Hale|Thales was asked what was most difficult to man  he answered: "To know one's self."
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A chain is only as strong as its weakest link, and so is our character.
Mitch Michaelson, The Eye of Orion, Book 1: Gearjackers|When mankind ascended to the stars, he came no closer to God.
Rebecca Serle, When You Were Mine|There are a million things in this world that can end you, that can in one second obliterate the life you work so hard to keep alive. Our lives are structured around not dying. Eating, sleeping, looking both ways before you cross the street. It's all, all of it, to keep us safe from the thing that we know is going to get us anyway. It doesn't even make sense, if you think about it. It's the world's biggest joke. Our entire lives are set up around not dying, knowing all the while that it's the one thing we can't avoid.
Laura   Davis, Allies in Healing: When the Person You Love Is a Survivor of Child Sexual Abuse|Survivors often develop an exaggerated need for control in their adult relationships. It’s the only way they feel safe. They also struggle with commitment—saying yes in a relationship means being trapped in yet another family situation where abuse might take place. So the survivor panics as her relationship gets closer, certain that something terrible is going to happen. She pulls away, rejects, or tests her partner all the time.
Jose Rizal|We cannot expect that all nations will adopt like systems, for conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.
Thandie Newton|As long as you don't forgive, who and whatever it is will occupy rent-free space in your mind.
Elaine Sciolino|I got married in Florence, Italy. My husband and I were in love but totally broke, so we eloped and got married in Italy, where he was going on a business trip. We had to pull a guy off the street to be our witness. It was incredibly romantic. Florence is still one of my favorite cities in the world.
Bessel A. van der Kolk|The traumatic stress field has adopted the term “Complex Trauma” to describe the experience of multiple and/or chronic and prolonged, developmentally adverse traumatic events, most often of an interpersonal nature (e.g., sexual or physical abuse, war, community violence) and early-life onset. These exposures often occur within the child’s caregiving system and include physical, emotional, and educational neglect and child maltreatment beginning in early childhood- Developmental Trauma Disorder
Greg Ip, The Little Book of Economics: How the Economy Works in the Real World|It [economics] facilitates our understanding of the well-being of societies and the challenges they face; it explains many of the daily interactions between individuals, companies and governments, and it offers a guide to understanding political and social trends that are shaping our world.
J. Aleksandr Wootton, Forgetting: impressions from the millennial borderland|Grief is always sudden as winter, no matter how long the autumn.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|The two limits of every unit of thinking are a perplexed, troubled, or confused situation at the beginning, and a cleared up, unified, resolved situation at the close.
Justin Chatwin|The whole business of reading English Literature in two years, to know it in any reputable sense of the word - let alone your learning to write English - is, in short, impossible.
Michael Ponsor, The Hanging Judge|If you want the best evidence of just how strong our democracy is, come into the courtroom.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|We shouldn't enable ourselves or others to bad behavior, but should always encourage for good. Our attitude toward sin is a reflection of our knowledge of our relationship to God; we are His children, and though we are to work through weakness, what plagues and plays on those weaknesses is not part of who we are. We will have to choose between sacrificing our sins, or sacrificing who we are, which would be sacrificing our divine heritage.
Ezekiel Emanuel|With the death of bin Laden, it's finally time for Congress to bring back the pre-9-11 legal norm, before we decided it was okay to toss out our civil liberties if the 'bad guys' were scary enough.
Octavia Butler|Your Majesty, I took the liberty because I was so desirous of visiting alone with you for a few minutes before the rest of the other peasants arrived.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|Do you like to slide?" His voice was eager.Stair rails! Did he suspect me? I forced a sigh. "No, Majesty. I'm terrified of heights.""Oh." His polite tone had returned."I wish I could enjoy it. This fear of heights is an affliction."He nodded, a show of sympathy but not much interest. I was losing him."Especially," I added, "as I've grown taller.
Timothy Murphy|I used to be a model and a medical test subject, though never at the same time. And since we didn't have much money when I was a kid, I know how to fish and hunt for my supper. And I used to win awards in speech in high school, which comes in handy when I speak to 200 people at a writers' conference.
Akanksha Wadhavkar ....Author of Motivational poems for starlit souls|They say “The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step’”Get up and take that step!Take baby steps if you want but go for it,Wait no longer…START IT!
Gene Wolfe|I leaned forward with my elbows on my knees and her book in my hands. Like a lot of things in my life, I'd just about worn it out, but it was worn out with love, and that's the best kind of worn-out there is. Maybe we're like all those used cars, broken hand tools, articles of old clothing, scratched record albums, and dog-eared books. Maybe there really isn't any such thing as mortality; that life simply wears us out with love.
Bohdi Sanders, The Secrets of Worldly Wisdom: Your Key to Unlocking Success|Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.
Anne Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|On re-entering cultivated lands, the agitation, perplexity, and turmoil of civilization oppressed and suffocated us; the air seemed to fail us, and we felt every moment as if about to die of asphyxia.
Harper Bliss, Once in a Lifetime|So you're getting back together with her? Just like that? Muriel asks."Not 'just like that'..." "How then?" Muriel enjoys playing devil's advocate. "For starters, it will have to be long distance for a while..." She doesn't let up. "For a while? Have you booked the U-Haul already?
Issa Rae|I'm never quite cool, if you know what I mean. I'm basically the worst, best superhero.
Jason Micheal Ratliff|True compassion comes by living in the shoes of another, providing a perspective closer to that of God.
Richard Baxter, The Reformed Pastor|Nothing can be rightly known, if God be not known; nor is any study well managed, nor to any great purpose, if God is not studied. We know little of the creature, till we know it as it stands related to the Creator: single letters, and syllables uncomposed, are no better than nonsense. He who overlooketh him who is the 'Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending,' and seeth not him in all who is the All of all, doth see nothing at all. All creatures, as such, are broken syllables; they signify nothing as separated from God. Were they separated actually, they would cease to be, and the separation would be annhiliation; and when we separate them in our fancies, we make nothing of them to ourselves. It is one thing to know the creatures as Aristotle, and another thing to know them as a Christian. None but a Christian can read one line of his Physics so as to understand it rightly. It is a high and excellent study, and of greater use than many apprehend; but it is the smallest part of it that Aristotle can teach us.
Umberto Eco|I think that at a certain age, say fifteen or sixteen, poetry is like masturbation. But later in life good poets burn their early poetry, and bad poets publish it. Thankfully I gave up rather quickly.
James Baldwin|Never underestimate the power of the written word, especially when you put them down in your own voice." -Cheryl L. Ilov, Forever Fit and Flexible: Feeling Fabulous at Fifty and Beyond.
Laure Lacornette|We are the result of millions of years of evolution, people died to offer us the chance to have a better life and here's what we did of it all !We didn't even realized that freedom, nowadays, is nothing more than an illusion. We are the slaves of money, of economy, of lobbies, medias and time.Our thoughts and dreams are our only freedom.
Moonshine Noire|Sometimes it can be as brutally overwhelming as a tidal wave flooding every orifice, the suffocation, the pressure, the immensity of this damnable depression like an ocean, unsurmountable. It swallows me whole and gnaws at my very bones. It floods me over and over, drowning me over and over... It is a torturous broken record player with a scratched disc on repeat, the wailing disrupting any possible good remaining after the tsunami. It wails and wails inside my ribcage and inside my skull. I cannot make it stop.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|I had always thought that life was the actual thing, the natural thing, and that death was simply the end of living. Now, in this lifeless place, I saw with a terrible clarity that death was the constant, death was the base, and life was only a short, frgile dream. I was dead already. I had been born death, and what I thought was my life was just a game death let me play as it waited to take me. . . Death has an opposite, but the opposite is not mere living. It is not courage or faith or human will. The opposite of death is love. How had I missed that? How does anyone miss that? Love is our only weapon. Only love can turn mere life into a miracle, and draw precious meaning from suffering and fear. For a brief, magical moment, all my fears lifted, and I knew that I would not let death control me. I would walk through the godforsaken country that separated me from my home with love and hope in my heart. I wouuld walk until I had walked all the life out of me, and when I fell I would die that much closer to my father.
Michele Rosenthal, Before the World Intruded|Concentration is a cornerstone of mindfulness practice. Your mindfulness will only be as robust as the capacity of your mind to be calm and stable. Without calmness, the mirror of mindfulness will have an agitated and choppy surface and will not be able to reflect things with any accuracy.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|I am fucking you, Tania, so that you'll stay fucked.
Joe L. Wheeler|I had only four hairs worth shaving, but I managed to inflict five cuts attempting to remove them.
Charles R. Sledge Jr.|Oh, Daja," moaned Jory, "you sound just like my parents." She ran from the schoolroom."Well, there's no reason to insult me, "muttered Daja, half offended.
Debasish Mridha|If you have to pray and sacrifice an animal to purify your heart, that is not a prayer. That is pure hatred.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|How can you still count yourself a knight, when you have forsaken every vow you ever swore?" Jaime reached for the flagon to refill his cup. "So many vows...they make you swear and swear. Defend the king. Obey the king. Keep his secrets. Do his bidding. Your life for his. But obey your father. Love your sister. Protect the innocent. Defend the weak. Respect the gods. Obey the laws. It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or the other.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|Every man having been born free and master of himself, no one else may under any pretext whatever subject him without his consent. To assert that the son of a slave is born a slave is to assert that he is not born a man.
Jerry Gillies|Here is everything which can lay hold of the eye, ear and imagination - everything which can charm and bewitch the simple and ignorant. I wonder how Luther ever broke the spell.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|After the group vet appointment--during which Lyle scratched the vet, the vet tech, and some poor woman minding her own business in the waiting room--we went back to Sabrina's and re-released the cats to their natural habitat.
Denis Leary|You know, Freud accepted his lot very stoically and very well and with a sense of humor. He aged and died gracefully, and there's a lot to be said for that.
Kabir|What is seen is not the TruthWhat is cannot be saidTrust comes not without seeingNor understanding without wordsThe wise comprehends with knowledgeTo the ignorant it is but a wonderSome worship the formless GodSome worship his various formsIn what way He is beyond these attributesOnly the Knower knowsThat music cannot be writtenHow can then be the notesSay Kabir, awareness alone will overcome illusion.
Maya Banks, In Bed with a Highlander|The act of shopping for what he needed, and of setting up the bare necessities for himself, had lulled Strike back into the familiar soldierly state of doing what needed to be done, without question or complaint.
Jack Horner, How to Build a Dinosaur: Extinction Doesn't Have to Be Forever|...seen from above, landscapes are made up of mountains and watercourses. Just as a transparent model of the human body consists of a framework of bone and a network of arteries, the earth's crust is structured in mountain ridges, river, creeks, and gullies.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|War, Nobby. Huh! What is it good for?" he said. "Dunno, Sarge. Freeing slaves, maybe?""Absol—well, okay." "Defending yourself against a totalitarian aggressor?""All right, I'll grant you that, but—""Saving civilization from a horde of—" "It doesn't do any good in the long run is what I'm saying, Nobby, if you'd listen for five seconds together," said Fred Colon sharply. "Yeah, but in the long run, what does, Sarge?
Anand Neelakantan, Ajaya: Roll of the Dice|Sometimes I wonder if we're all a little like Harold (a rooster). Real life carries on around us while we strut around in our own yards, thinking we're the ones in charge of things.
Martin Sheen, Along the Way: The Journey of a Father and Son|you turn into a shrewd tactician, making a series of cautious semicommitments without really surrendering to some larger purpose. You lose the ability to say a hundred noes for the sake of one overwhelming and fulfilling yes.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|She had known happiness, exquisite happiness, intense happiness, and it silvered the rough waves a little more brightly, as daylight faded, and the blue went out of the sea and it rolled in waves of pure lemon which curved and swelled and broke upon the beach and the ecstasy burst in her eyes and waves of pure delight raced over the floor of her mind and she felt, It is enough! It is enough!
Alison Espach, The Adults|You see, I don't think age matters so much as people think. Parts of me are still 12 and I think other parts were already 50 when I was 12….
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|In life, you don’t have miracles, you don’t have anything but whatever you can hold on to.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|Hooking up with a tall, dark stranger in a bar wasn't anywhere on her to do-do list, but as she eyed those broad shoulders, the thick neck, strong-looking hands, and gorgeous mouth...What the hell, maybe he should be on the top of her "to-do" list.
Tim Dorsey, Hurricane Punch|Talking to them was like being placed into conversational purgatory, with no hope of being released without significant damage to one's self-esteem.
Chirag Tulsiani|One hears a great many things, true, but can gather nothing definite.
Lao Tzu|If a person seems wicked, do not cast him away. Awaken him with your words, elevate him with your deeds, repay his injury with your kindness. Do not cast him away; cast away his wickedness.
Osh Marty|Life is eternal game, there are no rules. Indulge yourself.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|If we're going to the Silent City, you might want to get dressed. I mean, I appreciate the bra-and-panties look, but I don't know if the Silent Brothers will. There are only a few of the left, and I don't want them to die of excitement.
Hunter S. Thompson|If you look at the beginning of this country, when the pilgrims came to this country, the first year they had a communistic experiment. They said, 'OK, we're going to take the land, we're going to work the land together and share in the fruits of our labor.' They almost starved to death. Almost half of them died that first year.
Julia Heywood|Christ in you is the hope of glory..." "Your life moves in the direction of your most dominant thought" "Love is never unsure" "Truth demands a response
W.H. Murray|Until one is committed there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back, always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initative or creation, there is one elementary truth...that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves. too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would otherwise never have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in ones's favor all manner of incidents and meetings and material assistance which no man would have believed would have come his way. Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace, and power in it.
Kevin Powell, Who's Gonna Take the Weight:  Manhood, Race, and Power in America|To be sure, I had, and have, spent the better part of my post-college life growing up in the public eye, with my shameful warts, big and ugly, looming there for the world to see; and it has been a mighty battle trying to be a man, a Black man, a human being, a responsible and consistent human being, as I have interfaced with my past and with my personal demons, with friends and lovers, with enemies and haters. As Tupac Shakur once famously said to me, “There is no placed called careful.” On the one hand, Tupac was right: There is not much room for error in America if you are a Black male in a society ostensibly bent on profiling your every move, eager to capitalize on your falling into this or that trap, particularly keen to swoop down on your self-inflicted mishaps. But by the same token, Tupac was wrong: There can be a place called careful, once one becomes aware of the world one lives in, its potential, its limitations, and if one is willing to struggle to create a new model, some new and alternative space outside and away from the larger universe, where one can be free enough to comprehend that even if the world seems aligned against you, you do not have to give the world the rope to hang you with.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|The word "preacher" comes from an old French word, predicateur, which means prophet. And what is the purpose of a prophet except to find meaning in trouble?
Jed Whedon|Jemma Simmons- I like to think about the first law of thermodynamics, that no energy in the universe is created...Jemma Simmons, Leo Fitz- And none is destroyedJemma Simmons- That means that every bit of energy inside us, every particle, will go on to be a part of something else. Maybe live as a dragonfish, a microbe, maybe burn in a supernova ten billion years from now. And every part of us now was once a part of some other thing- a moon, a storm cloud, a mammoth.Leo Fitz- A monkey.Jemma Simmons- A monkey. Thousands and thousands of other beautiful things that were just as terrified to die as we are. We gave them new life. Good one, I hope.
Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys|When it comes to men, deal with them as they are, not how you’d like them to be.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are many religions in the world, and they have developed because various people have had various ideas about God. Christianity makes a unique claim . . . we can know God because He came to us in human form in the person of His Son, Jesus Christ.
Peter Roebuck|At the last moment, the fish and I exchange a troubled glance. The murrel seems to be demanding an explanation. Alas, I am in no position to start justifying the unusual treatment. What comes next is a new experience for both the fish and me.
Cliff Stearns|I'm not a big fan of religion for that reason. But I am a true believer in God, and I have great faith, and I think that a spiritual connection with something is a really important part of our experience. That doesn't necessarily have anything to do with the church.
Muffin, North Philly's Finest Part 1|Fire and paper - they do not mix well, n'est pas?""Perhaps they mix too well.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|Now, this was a combination that she wouldn’t dare to dream of, even in her worst nightmare.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to find your gift, something you can achieve better than others
Steve Goodier|If you try to leave me like this, I will haunt you until the end of your days. I will drop out of classes and become a hobo and will leave you little garbage sculptures telling you how much I love you. Every morning. Right at front of your door. You will never be rid of me.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you are now facing difficulties in your life, don’t focus on them but rather focus on God because when you keep your mind on God, you remember that nothing can stand in the way of His Power.
Bob Proctor|Let's start with what we can be thankful for, and get our mind into that vibration, and then watch the good that starts to come, because one thought leads to another thought." -Bob Proctor
Ted Rabinowitz, The Wrong Sword|Burlic screamed. He threw back his head and roared a single furious word into the night: “Waeccan.” The name erupted from him in a savage wail that rasped at his throat, over and over until he could shout no more.His howls echoed along the valley. In the village, the other hunters heard and exchanged glances, shook their heads and said nothing. The women clutched their talismans, told the children to go inside. They had tried to help, but there was nothing they could do for Burlic now.
Donna Lynn Hope|Walt also had a humorous sign posted outside the mansion, recruiting ghosts who wanted to enjoy 'active retirement' in the "country club atmosphere' of this 'fashionable address'. Interested ghosts were to write to the 'Ghost Relations Dept. Disneyland,' and were told,'Do not apply in person.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|I fell into a restless sleep in which my dreams carried me away over misty valleys and moonlit woodlands toward a fairy glen, where I watched their beautiful midnight revels in silent awe as I whispered the words of my favorite poem. " 'You shall hear a sound like thunder, / And a veil shall be withdrawn, / When her eyes grow wide with wonder, / On that hill-top, in that dawn.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|She didn't want to talk with Levi. And wasn't that the problem. She wanted to do things that didn't involve any talking. Well, maybe it did if you counted dirty talk.
Hayao Miyazaki, Princess Mononoke Film Comic, Vol. 1|If they (ghosts) wander the halls of night, it is not from a grievance with or envy of the living. Rather, it is because they have no desire to see the living at all. Any more than snakes hope to see gardeners, or foxes the hounds. They wander about at midnight because at that hour they can generally do so without being harried by the sound and fury of earthly emotions. After all those years of striving and struggling, of hoping and praying, of shouldering expectations, stomaching opinions, navigating decorum, and making conversation, what they seek, quite simply, is a little peace and quiet.
Henry David Thoreau|What experience cannot teach you now, mentors and books can foretell! To take the lead in whatever you do, be willing to learn and educate yourself regularly!
Shilpa Menon|Don't seek, let go & what you are searching for will find you.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Everything is energy, and energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed or mutated from one form to another.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|They were like two poor little leaves in a storm which bore death and annihilation not only to the heads of individuals, but to whole towns and entire tribes. What hand could snatch it and save two small, defenseless children?
Sacha Guitry|Our wisdom comes from our experience,and our experience comes from our foolishness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Confess your sins, pray towards the Heavens and be set free from all bondages in Jesus Name.
Erma Bombeck|Just think: in all the clean, beautiful reaches of the solar system, our planet alone is a blot; our planet alone has death.
|Run my dear,From anythingThat may not strengthenYour precious budding wings.
Paul J. Bartusiak, Source*Forged Armor|Marriage is nothing to underestimate. Success in marriage is about getting back up, again and again. Ultimately, the Shulamite had to write her own role in Solomon's drama. She made Solomon's problems her problems. For her, that was worth every bruise.pg ii
Frank Sinatra|I'm just trying to approach what I make with as much respect and research as I can, and just make it with a good heart.
|Never stop reminding yourself that God created you to be mentally and physically tougher than your struggles, challenges and obstacles.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|We progress a step farther, in each tick of the clock
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|Every springI hear the thrush singingin the glowing woodshe is only passing through.His voice is deep,then he lifts it until it seemsto fall from the sky.I am thrilled.I am grateful.Then, by the end of morning,he's gone, nothing but silenceout of the treewhere he rested for a night.And this I find acceptable.Not enough is a poor life.But too much is, well, too much.Imagine Verdi or Mahlerevery day, all day.It would exhaust anyone.
Israelmore Ayivor|Just like the way you date in relationship and become convinced before you give a partner your heart, you got to date your PASTOR to know he can be your MENTOR before you give him your ears! Test the Spirits...and don't be a religious fanatic!
Tim Berners-Lee|I don't know anything more piggish - I don't know anything more un-American than saying, 'Oh, I'm worried about my own little handout or my own little program or my own little economy and we'll kick this can down the road and let some future generation deal with it.'
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|I am an African. I am white. I, in my humble way, and others in their much more brave way, have earned that right.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|I need to add that my work on multiple intelligences received a huge boost in 1995 when Daniel Goleman published his book on emotional intelligence. I am often confused with Dan. Initially, though Dan and I are longtime friends, this confusion irritated me.
Nick Clegg|Where might is mixed with wit, there is too good an accord in a government.
Daisy Cook|reading is like life, it can take u on one WILD ride
Anna Godbersen, Bright Young Things|I'm in love with New York. It matches my mood. I'm not overwhelmed. It is the suitable scene for my ever ever heightened life. I love the proportions, the amplitude, the brilliance, the polish, the solidity. I look up at Radio City insolently and love it. It's all great, and Babylonian. Broadway at night. Cellophane. The newness. The vitality. True, it is only physical. But it's inspiring. Just bring your own contents, and you create a sparkle of the highest power. I'm not moved, not speechless. I stand straight, tough and I meet the impact. I feel the glow and the dancing in everything. The radio music in the taxis, scientific magic, which can all be used lyrically. That's my last word. Give New York to a poet. He can use it. It can be poetized. Or maybe that's mania of mine, to poetize. I live lightly, smoothly, actively, ears or eyes wide open, alert, oiled! I feel the glow and the dancing in every thing and the tempo is like that of my blood. I'm at once beyond, over and in New York, tasting it fully.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|At heart, Sussman was a theoretician. In another age, he might have been a Talmudic scholar. He had cultivated a Socratic method, zinging question after question at the reporters: Who moved over from Commerce to CRP with Stans? What about Mitchell's secretary? Why won't anybody say when Liddy went to the White House or who worked with him there? Mitchell and Stans both ran the budget committee, right? What does that tell you? Then Sussman would puff on his pipe, a satisfied grin on his face.
Roman Payne|Let these men sing out their songs,they've been walking all day long,all their fortune's spent and gone...silver dollar in the subway station;quarters for the papers for the jobs.
Fr Thomas Dubay, Deep Conversion/Deep Prayer|To bring people closer to God, competency and clarity are important, but they are not enough. Of themselves they do not touch hearts deeply. Personal sanctity and goodness do. It is the saints who light fires. There is a direct correlation between the beauty of holiness and the fruitfulness of our work and interpersonal relationships.
Anna Hope|She said that everything that disappeared from our side went over to theirs, where they kept living normal lives, waiting for the things still lingering with us to join them, and make the world whole once more.
Lailah Gifty Akita|keep searching, keep seeking.
Jhumpa Lahiri, In Other Words|Imperfection inspires invention, imagination, creativity. It stimulates. The more I feel imperfect, the more I feel alive.
James Altucher|Don't forget: when you start a website, it's not yet a trusted site. So you have to bring people from a trusted site to your site to build up the trust in your site.
Norman Rockwell|You’re nasty and you’re loud,you’re mean enough for two,If I could be a cloud,I’d rain all day on you.
Nel Noddings, Peace Education: How We Come to Love and Hate War|Because most of us recognize that we will fight to protect our children, we cannot be absolute pacifists.
Charles Baxter, The Feast of Love|In truth, there are only two realities: the one for people who are in love or love each other, and the one for people who are standing outside all that.
Alcoholics Anonymous, Alcoholics Anonymous|I had sent her to four consecutive psychiatrists, and not one of them had gotten me sober.
Louise  Walters, Mrs. Sinclair's Suitcase|I want to live my life, carrying my memories with me. Even if those memories are painful, even if those memories do nothing but hurt me, even if I wish I could forget those memories… As long as I keep carrying them with me, and don’t run away from them… Someday, I believe I will get to the point where I’m not oppressed by those memories. That’s what I want to believe. I’d like to think that there’s not a single memory that I have which would be okay to forget.
Matt Mullenweg|I like to read first thing in the morning. I'm addicted to the Kindle. I read a lot of business books, because I feel like I should figure out how to be a real businessman before someone figures out that I'm not one. I really enjoy reading classics as well, which I try to work in once every two months.
Mark Tufo, End of an Age|I use the terms "sky" and "earth" because as a human I cannot imagine those elements not being there. It is a way to give substance to nothingness.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|I put what was left of the ice cube into my mouth. Her lips parted, watching my every move. I didn't hesitate, diving back in to feed on my mate, my tongue cooling the fire and heating her desire all at once.
Compton Gage|God has spoken to me, without words, to my heart. He has told me that I am to rewrite the future and remind His people's faith and to help keep that faith alive attached with the Holy Bible to Him. God gave me the name Compton Gage. My earthly name is not important. My person is not part of the reminder. This is not an ordinary book, this is not a Bible. The materials of the Third Testament, was organized and re-written by me. I was given a good authority by God. BY GOD ONLY!
George Orwell, 1984|For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable – what then?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I don’t believe that young people today can live clean, pure lives without the help of God. The peer pressure is too great and the temptations they see in the movies and on television, and what they hear in their music is too much. Only Christ can give them the power to say no.
Philip Gilbert Hamerton|The love of the family, the love of one person can heal. It heals the scars left by a larger society. A massive, powerful society.
Afton Rorvik, Storm Sisters: Friends Though All Seasons|When storms come, we naturally want to run. What might happen in your friendships if you learned instead tasty put when storms hit?
Naomi Wolf, Give Me Liberty: A Handbook for American Revolutionaries|Dissident Natan Sharansky writes that there are two kinds of states -- "fear societies" and "free societies," two kinds of consciousness. The consciousness derived of oppression is despairing, fatalistic, and fearful of inquiry. It is mistrustful of the self and forced to trust external authority. It is premised on a dearth of self-respect. It is cramped.In contrast, the consciousness of freedom is one of expansiveness, trust of the self, and hope. It is a consciousness of limitless inquiry. It builds up in a citizen a wealth of self-respect.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Relationships are treated like Dixie cups. They are the same. They are disposable. If it does not work, drop it, throw it away, get another.Committed bonds (including marriage) cannot last when this is the prevailing logic. Most of us are unclear about what to do to protect and strengthen caring bonds when our self-centered needs are not being met.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|Writing is like talking to yourself, just in a way that makes it look like you're not crazy!
Garry Crystal, Leaving London|I’m so NUMB. I just don’t care, it seems-but I must do. This is all going to sound totally incoherent. I’m that bunged up, but totally empty. I think my worries about who I am have reached a head.I mean who is Rae Earl? I think I know myself, but then other people say things.
Marc Gafni|The world of business is becoming one of the great cathedrals of spirit. Businesses are becoming places in which meaning can be created, in which mutuality begins to happen. Business is the force in the world that is fulfilling every major value of the great spiritual traditions: intimacy, trust, a shared vision, cooperation, collaboration, friendship, and ultimately love. After all, what is love at its core? It is the movement of evolution to higher and higher levels of mutuality, recognition, union and embrace.
Stephen Cosgrove, The Dream Tree|...she fell into a long sleep, and dreamed he dreams of the dream tree.
Rabbi Hillel|The Master said of Gong Yechang, “He is marriageable. Although he was once imprisoned and branded as a criminal, he was in fact innocent of any crime.” The Master gave him his daughter in marriage.(Analects 5.1)
Skyla Madi, Salvation|Bishop Hostettler explained that baptism was not the means by which one is saved, but simply an outward sign of salvation. Just as an Amishman’s beard is an indication of his marriage and commitment to his wife, so baptism symbolizes our covenant with Christ.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|I wonder if the world’s fascination has less to do with the flower itself, and more with the muck that it flourishes in. The Lotus flower is of an unparalleled beauty in its elegance and grace, yet its’ origins are of an environment that is a stark contrast. We cannot help but ponder such strange juxtaposition. However, there is something telling in this natural contrast between the flower and its environment: we are meant to grow, like the Lotus, and not dirty our hands in the mud that surrounds us.
Clark Zlotchew|Fiction has been maligned for centuries as being "false," "untrue," yet good fiction provides more truth about the world, about life, and even about the reader, than can be found in non-fiction.
Frank Vertosick Jr.|It ain't easy to do nothing, now that society is telling everyone that their body is fundamentally flawed and about to self-destruct. People are afraid they're on the verge of death all the time
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Your uncle," Poseidon sighed, "has always had a flair for dramatic exits. I think he would've done well as the god of theater.
Twyla Tharp|If you're trying to learn how to act from a class, you're analyzing the teachers' movements and their intricacies, and it becomes like a pantomime of you wanting to be them, and that's wrong. Literature is an easier way to study acting, because then you can take any kind of spin. It's your own imagination, and your own version of it.
Jed Mercurio, Ascent|Perspective was my secret weapon, and books gave me plenty of ammunition.
Michael Chabon, Wonder Boys|Other than along certain emotional tangents there was little in the book that felt as if it had actually been lived. It was a fiction produced by someone who knew only fictions, The Tempest as written by isolate Miranda, raised on the romances in her father's library.
Lynsay Sands|She wondered why they didn't understand that their true selfs were good enough, and if they weren't, then the someones they weren't good enough for, were really the ones not good enough.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind speaks, thought it does not have lips. The heart moves, though it does not have feet. The soul rises, though it does not have wings.
John Milton, Areopagitica|For books are not absolutely dead things, but... do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them. I know they are as lively, and as vigorously productive, as those fabulous Dragon's teeth; and being sown up and down, may chance to spring up armed men. And yet on the other hand unless warriors be used, as good almost kill a Man a good Book; who kills a man kills a reasonable creature, God's image; but he who destroys a good book, kills Reason itself, kills the Image of God, as it were in the eye. Many a man lives a burden to the Earth; but a good Book is the precious life-blood of a master-spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.John MiltonAreopagitica
Henri Frederic Amiel|A verbal art like poetry is reflective; it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.
Heather O'Neill, The Lonely Hearts Hotel|Women were still strange and inscrutable creatures. Men didn’t understand them. And women didn’t understand themselves either. It was always a performance of some sort. Everywhere you went, it was like there was a spotlight shining down on your head. You were on a stage when you were on the trolley. You were being judged and judged and judged. Every minute of your performance was supposed to be incredible and outstanding and sexy.You were often only an ethical question away from being a prostitute.
Judith Tarr, White Mare's Daughter|If it were left to men, there'd be nothing in the world but mating and squabbling.
Caitlin Moran|I grew up with a Mediterranean diet, so I like clean, simple food. But if there's pizza on a menu, I always end up ordering it. I can't resist it.
Thomas Mann|I can tell the time, though, by speak-ing, and as I nev-er sleep I can wak-en you at an-y hour you wish to get up in the morn-ing.''That's nice,' said the little girl; 'only I never wish to get up in the morning.
Esteban Urayoán|Obedience to God’s Word begins by being determined to make no compromise with His ways. It requires a clear understanding that God’s rules and laws are for your benefit, and for you to do all you can to live by them.
Morag Joss|Then, what is sacrelige [sic]? If it is nothing more than a rebellion against dogma, it is eventually as meaningless as the dogma it defies, and they are both become hounds ranting in the high grass, never see the boar in the thicket. Only a religious person can perpetrate sacrelige: and if its blasphemy reaches the heart of the question; if it investigates deeply enough to unfold, not the pattern, but the materials of the pattern, and the necessity of a pattern; if it questions so deeply that the doubt it arouses is frightening and cannot be dismissed; then it has done its true sacreligious [sic] work, in the service of its adversary: the only service that nihilism can ever perform.(unused 1949 prefatory note to The Recognitions) 
Karen Joy Fowler|For every ten vampires who are happy being monsters, there's always one sad-sack who misses the sunrise.
Samantha Sotto|She leaned against him, listening to his strong heartbeat as they cuddled together.Maybe he didn’t say all the right things, and maybe he didn’t do it all in the right way, but he was hers, and she was his, and they’d figure it all out together. Because she knew now that both of them were in this for the long haul, and that he’d be there for her no matter what.And that’s what counted the most.
Derek Raymond, The Crust on Its Uppers|We forgive the crimes of individuals, but not their participation in a collective crime.
Edward Abbey, The Monkey Wrench Gang|There was this tendency to drift. And yet  when she thought about it, what did she really want to do? Or be? She had given up dancing-the dance-because it was too demanding, because it required an almost total devotion which she was unwilling to give. The cruelest art. 
Walt Whitman|Son, I hope your opinion of your mother hasn’t lessened, knowing what you now know.”	Gavin glanced up; incredulity skewed his eyebrows. His expression appeared both stunned and appalled. “Never, Father! I love her! It makes no difference to me where she came from.”	The man nodded, a show of relief in his features. His large hand, soft in touch, went to brush a string of hair away from his wife’s peaceful profile. “Your mother loves you too, son, more than anything in the world. She worries about you, day and night.”	That sentiment stirred something profoundly pleasant inside the boy. He grinned at the internal warmth it created.
Emlyn Chand, Farsighted|They say that right before you die your whole life flashes before you – a medley of your own personal greatest hits. Well then, I must be about to live, because events that haven’t happened yet are constantly pushing themselves into my head.
Steve Goodier|Humanity stands ... before a great problem of finding new raw materials and new sources of energy that shall never become exhausted. In the meantime we must not waste what we have, but must leave as much as possible for coming generations.
Kathryn Mattingly, Benjamin|As a fiction writer I am not always sure where reality ends and non reality begins, when sane thoughts become less than sane, or what is imagination versus undiscovered truth, but ultimately, it is my job to make you as unsure as I am.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Love conquers all," Aphrodite promised. "Look at Helen and Paris. Did they let anything come between them?""Didn't they start the Trojan War and get thousands of people killed?""Pfft. That's not the point. Follow your heart.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Sunshine warms us, as do smiles—which makes me think that smiles are sunbeams reflected off our teeth.
Alexandra Guarnaschelli|It's pretty amazing to see something in your head and write it down, go out and shoot it, then see it on the big screen. It's a pretty amazing feeling.
Tom Drury, The Driftless Area|If you haven't caused a scene in a psych unit, it's just because you haven't been inside long enough.
Willie Mays|I was already on pole, then by half a second and then one second and I just kept going. Suddenly I was nearly two seconds faster than anybody else, including my team mate with the same car.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|... the sort of smiles used at weddings, turned on very carefully to half pressure to prevent them wearing out.
Cyndi Goodgame, Betrayal|To know one's future is the single most destructive way of ending your life before you've lived it." - Altheon (Betrayal- Fey Court Trilogy)
Samuel River|Developing a business depends on many factors. But you should basically understand the exchange between value. In other words, you must provide value to receive equal value. If you look at single people, you can see that they can’t provide any value – they don’t smile, dress, talk or behave in a way that makes others want to spend time, much less a life, with them. Relationships and Business are not much different. In a business, people know that appearance and the way you talk to a costumer is as important as the value of your product, and that’s why brands sell, even when their products have no quality. For example, in shopping malls you can see shops packed with people buying clothes that have no value and will be ruined or out of fashion very soon, because the brand is selling an image, not quality anymore. China, on the other hand, managed to compete in the world markets by reducing price over quality, and is now paying the price of a very bad reputation, as most people don’t trust Chinese brands anymore. This is already impacting the economy, so I don’t know what will happen in the next years. It’s all in the hands of the politicians and the internationalization of the companies. Actually, that’s why this Chinese government sends its companies to other countries. And yet, I just said this to explain the relation between value and product. But here’s another. I tried to share what I know about Learning with Teachers, Parents and Psychologists, and nobody cared. Besides, what I earned in helping children with learning disabilities was a very low payment, and I had to quit that as I couldn’t afford to pay an apartment and daily expenses with such job. However, there are people making thousands of dollars with drugs that have no effect, toilets for cats and pet-rocks. In other words, is never about what the world needs but what the world wants.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|You are mortal. You age, you die. If that is not hell, pray tell me, what is?
M.F. Moonzajer|Most of your heritage comes from your culture, stupidity is one of them.
Thomas Frank, What's the Matter With Kansas?: How Conservatives Won the Heart of America|Bits have unique properties, then, that we can use to our advantage: they’re super-small, super-fast, easily acquired and created and copied and shared in near-infinite quantity, protected from the ravages of time, and free from the limitations of distance and space. In practice, though, bits reveal several paradoxes: they’re weightless, but they weigh us down; they don’t take up any space, but they always seem to pile up; they’re created in an instant, but they can last forever; they move quickly, but they can waste our time.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Do not try to be your father boy, it is a hopeless pursuit, particularly when you, like I, have a father of such colossal proportions.
Justin Young|In life, you have two choices: Do you control your life… or not? Are you the driver or the passenger? Do you make stuff happen, or let stuff to happen?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Am I about to discover where you, Ron, and Hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of Fred and George's shop?''How did you...?''Harry, please. You're talking to the man who raised Fred and George.
Camilla Chafer, Armed and Fabulous|But...was he flirting?Hmm.Not sure what I thought of that. A nice office flirt did make the day go faster, but Adam was my boss, not to mention an annoying one, and I was nothing if not professional.Snort. Yeah. That made me laugh too.
John Andrew Holmes|Yes, we love peace, but we are not willing to take wounds for it, as we are for war.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave|That was the coolest thing ever.” Eena smiled at the fact that she’d been lucky enough to touch the wings of a real crioness. 	“That was highly unusual. I can’t believe they came right up to us—to you.”	“They were hungry, I’m sure.”	“Still, crioness are cautious. They always avoid people. To let you touch him like it did…..”	She grinned with pure satisfaction. “Wild huh? Derian’s not going to believe me when I tell him.” Eena cocked her head when Ian laughed out loud. “What?” she asked, a note of offense in her 
Joseph Conrad|He lived then before me, he lived as much as he had ever lived---a shadow insatiable of splendid appearances, of frightful realities, a shadow darker than the shadow of the night, and draped nobly in the folds of a gorgeous eloquence. The vision seemed to enter the house with me---the stretcher, the phantom-bearers, the wild crowd of obedient worshipers, the gloom of the forests, the glitter of the reach between the murky bends, the beat of the drum regular and muffled like the beating of a heart, the heart of a conquering darkness.
David Chiles|The world was different before the war,' he said. 'We didn't have this instantaneous access to information that your generation has. The world was a bigger, more mysterious place - we still dreamed of secret caves in the Mountains of the Moon, and tiger hunting in the Punjab.
Marty Rubin|When people don't do what they want, they don't know what to do.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|Slaying dragons, melting witches, and banishing demons is all fun and games until someone loses a sidekick—then it’s personal. The bad guy isn’t just the “bad guy” anymore, he’s the BAD GUY!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Anyone can get angry, but to do this to the right person, to the right extent, at the right time, with the right motive, and in the right way, that is not for everyone, nor is it easy.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Control is an illusion—a fact you will learn very fast if you become ill, or have things fall apart in some other way. When we understand vulnerability and suffering as an essential part of being human, our individual fate can be easier to manage.
Ashish Patel|When efforts that are wisely executed, the situation and condition don't affect the performance.
Clifford Odets, Golden Boy|A lady laced with grace . . . Such, is impossible to despise.
Michael J. Sullivan, Heir of Novron|I am officially turning him over to you. He's your problem now. You'll have to watch out for him and that won't be easy. He's naive, gullible, immature, horribly unsophisticated, ignorant about anything worth knowing, and idealistic to a fault." He paused to make a show of thinking harder. "He's also indecisive, pathetically honest, a horrible liar, and too virtuous for words. He gets up twice each night to relieve himself, wads his clothes rather than folds them, chews with his mouth open, and talks with his mouth full. He has a nasty habit of cracking his knuckles every morning at breakfast, and, of course, he snores. To remedy that, just put a rock under his blanket.
Kate DiCamillo, Because of Winn-Dixie|There ain't no way you can hold onto something that wants to go, you understand? You can only love what you got while you got it.
Amit Kalantri|Magic is the most interesting art because people not necessarily want to learn to paint after they see a great painting, but they want to learn magic after they see a great magic effect.
Anirudha Lakshminarasimhan|Reading is like diving into an ocean of an alternate world, away from your real world, where in spite of going though the pain and pleasure of the characters, you remain a witness, unscathed.
Roger Zelazny, Creatures of Light and Darkness|You don't talk much, do you, angel-face? I like that in a woman.
Raymond Carver, Call If You Need Me: The Uncollected Fiction and Other Prose|V.S. Pritchett's definition of a short story is 'something glimpsed from the corner of the eye, in passing.' Notice the 'glimpse' part of this. First the glimpse. Then the glimpse gives life, turned into something that illuminates the moment and may, if we're lucky -- that word again -- have even further ranging consequences and meaning. The short story writer's task is to invest the glimpse with all that is in his power. He'll bring his intelligence and literary skill to bear (his talent), his sense of proportion and sense of the fitness of things: of how things out there really are and how he sees those things -- like no one else sees them. And this is done through the use of clear and specific language, language used so as to bring to life the details that will light up the story for the reader. For the details to be concrete and convey meaning, the language must be accurate and precisely given. The words can be so precise they may even sound flat, but they can still carry; if used right they can hit all the notes.
Leeky Behrman, The Choices We Make: A Memoir about Surviving and a Journey to Love & Happiness|Your heartbeat is so different from his," I whisper it; he has to ask me to repeat myself. I explain, "My father…his heartbeat was so fast. I could feel it, racing…it was like his heartbeat shook my whole body. Your heart…it's steady. It feels safe. It's calming me down." And so we stand, and I cry, and listen to his heart until I am calm again, and then we get back to cleaning.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|Phillip hardened his grip on Totka’s. “For all our manipulations, God always manages to get His way.”“A beautiful woman once told me our Jesus Creator is a good and wise chief, worthy of obedience without question. His plan is perfect. Wait, and you will see.
Vox Day|Do not all theists insist that there can be no morality, no justice, honesty or fidelity without the belief in a Divine Power? Based upon fear and hope, such morality has always been a vile product, imbued partly with self-righteousness, partly with hypocrisy. As to truth, justice, and fidelity, who have been their brave exponents and daring proclaimers? Nearly always the godless ones: the Atheists; they lived, fought, and died for them. They knew that justice, truth, and fidelity are not conditioned in heaven, but that they are related to and interwoven with the tremendous changes going on in the social and material life of the human race; not fixed and eternal, but fluctuating, even as life itself.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Baptized in a river when I was a teenager. I go to church most Sundays. My favorite Bible verse is ‘Jesus wept.’”“Because it’s the shortest?” He almost smiled.“No. Because it says that Jesus knew what it meant to grieve. He’d just let his best friend in the world die of illness when he could have gotten there in time to save him. I’m thinking he was between a rock and hard place, and the hard place let his friend die. He grieved. Then, when he could, he went and raised his friend from the grave, and he knew that if he did that, he’d die himself.
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen: How One Girl Risked Her Marriage, Her Job, and Her Sanity to Master the Art of Living|But the not-very-highbrow truth of the matter was that the reading was how I got my ya-yas out.For the sake of my bookish reputation I upgraded to Tolstoy and Steinbeck before I understood them, but my dark secret was that really, I preferred the junk. The Dragonriders of Pern, Flowers in the Attic, The Clan of the Cave Bear. This stuff was like my stash of Playboys under the mattress.
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|Attention, aboard the shuttle! You are under arrest! Surrender immediately! Come out slowly, in single file, with your hands behind your heads! Leave all weapons behind. Comply and your lives will be spared!
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|But they held tighter to each other, past and present and future; flickering between an ancient hall in a mountain castle perched above Orynth, a bridge suspended between glass towers, and another place, perfect and strange, where they had been crafted from stardust and light. A wall of night knocked them back. But they could not be contained. The darkness paused for breath. They erupted.
E. Lockhart, The Boyfriend List: 15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver|When you hate someone you used to love, and you think he's done something awful - he probably has.
Ufuoma Apoki|I'll always be there for you.I promise to protect and nurture you.Hopefully one day soon, true Autism acceptance will besomething that just is.
Stephen Hawking|It is generally recognized that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multitasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics. It is not politically correct to say such things....But it cannot be denied that there are differences between men and women. Of course, these are differences between the averages only. There are wide variations about the mean.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|We need science education to produce scientists, but we need it equally to create literacy in the public. Man has a fundamental urge to comprehend the world about him, and science gives today the only world picture which we can consider as valid. It gives an understanding of the inside of the atom and of the whole universe, or the peculiar properties of the chemical substances and of the manner in which genes duplicate in biology. An educated layman can, of course, not contribute to science, but can enjoy and participate in many scientific discoveries which as constantly made. Such participation was quite common in the 19th century, but has unhappily declined. Literacy in science will enrich a person's life.
Frederick Marryat, The Pirate|[A man], who is in prosperity, while he sees that others have to contend with great wretchedness and that he could help them, thinks: What concern is it of mine? Let everyone be as happy as Heaven pleases, or as he can make himself; I will take nothing from him nor even envy him, only I do not wish to contribute anything to his welfare or to his assistance in distress! Now no doubt, if such a mode of thinking were a universal law, the human race might very well subsist, and doubtless even better than in a state in which everyone talks of sympathy and good-will, or even takes care occasionally to put it into practice, but, on the other side, also cheats when he can, betrays the rights of men, or otherwise violates them. But although it is possible that a universal law of nature might exist in accordance with that maxim, it is impossible to will that such a principle should have the universal validity of a law of nature. For a will which resolved this would contradict itself, inasmuch as many cases might occur in which one would have need of the love and sympathy of others, and in which, by such a law of nature, sprung from his own will, he would deprive himself of all hope of the aid he desires.
Janiece Hopper, Cracked Bat|Books can be shelved or packed away, but little girls shouldn't be.
Sheila Jeffreys, Unpacking Queer Politics|The fault lies not with you” she says this so gently it makes me want to cry. I have never shed a tear, not throughout all my father’s beatings or guillo’s mauling, but a few kind words from this women and it is all i can do not to bawl like a babe.
|I don't own you, you just belong to me.
RJ Arkhipov|The whiff of ocean on the southern breeze and the smell of burning asphalt brought back memories of summers past. It had seemed as though those sweet dreams of summer would last forever: the warmth of a girl’s skin, an old rock ‘n’ roll song, freshly washed button-down shirt, the odor of cigarette smoke in a pool changing room, a fleeting premonition. Then one summer (when had it been?) the dreams had vanished, never to return.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|in this case, a mother, noted for her beauty, might be reduced to a purple shadow... (Tansley to Lily on her painting of the house & grounds)
Steve Hockensmith, Dreadfully Ever After|If you truly must obey your mistress. If you truly must have revenge, then you can start with me. But if you choose to follow your own path, well you can start that with me too if you like.
Saim Cheeda|It doesn’t take long for your fortunes to turn. One second you’re fluttery as a bird, the next you’re on the ground with your wings clipped.
A.W. Tozer, And He Dwelt Among Us: Teachings from the Gospel of John|It sounds strange, somewhat on the line between irony and absurdity, to think that people would rather label and judge something as significant as each other but completely bypass a peanut. ... World peace is only a dream because people won't allow themselves and others around them to simply be peanuts. We won't allow the color of a man's heart to be the color of his skin, the premise of his beliefs, and his self-worth. We won't allow him to be a peanut, therefore we won't allow ourselves to come to live in harmony. (Diary 18)
Myles Munroe|The battle going on over gay marriage in America reveals an awful lot. The Bible belt - people hate gay people. Because the Bible tells them? No, the Bible tells them an awful lot of things that they ignore.
Terence Lewis|Love is such an objective thing. I mean, I can say I love my family, or I love my Diet Coke. So I guess, in different ways, yeah, I do believe in love.
Jean Giraudoux, The Madwoman of Chaillot|The educated man pictures a horde of submen, wanting only a day's liberty to loot his house, burn his books, and set him to work minding a machine or sweeping out a lavatory. 'Anything,' he thinks, 'any injustice, sooner than let that mob loose.' He does not see that since there is no difference between the mass of rich and poor, there is no question of setting the mob loose. The mob is in fact loose now, and--in the shape of rich men--is using its power to set up enormous treadmills of boredom, such as 'smart' hotels.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Over the years I have written many a letter for the wedding of one of the brothers and preached many a wedding sermon. The chief characteristic of such occasions essentially rested in the fact that, in the face of the "last" times (I do not mean this to sound quite so apocalyptic), someone dares to take a step of such affirmation of the earth and its future. It was then always very clear to me that a person could take this step as a Christian truly only from within a very strong faith and on the basis of grace. For here in the midst of the final destruction of all things, one desires to build; in the midst of a life lived from hour to hour and from day to day, one desires a future; in the midst of being driven out from the earth, one desires a bit of space; in the midst of the widespread misery, one desires some happiness. And the overwhelming thing is that God says yes to this strange longing, that here God consents to our will, whereas it usually meant to be just the opposite.
Jeffrey  Hale|{...} Is he always this angry? Is he always so charming when he isn't busy being angry? I hate that he is either one way or the other and never in between. It would be nice to see a laid-back, calm side to him. I wonder if he even has an in between. I wonder...because that's all i can do Silently wonder about the hopeless boy who somehow burrowed himself into the forefront of my thoughts and go the hell away.
Charlaine Harris|I’d never seen anything like it. First a trial, then a few murders, then dancing. Life goes on. Or, in this case, death continues.
Mahatma Gandhi|To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than w
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Go wherever the narrow way passes. If possible, go wherever there seems to be no way and create a way.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Know, then, that now, precisely now, these people are more certain than ever before that they are completely free, and at the same time they themselves have brought us their freedom and obediently laid it at our feet. It is our doing, but is it what you wanted? This sort of freedom?'Again I don't understand', Alyosha interrupted, 'Is he being ironic? Is he laughing?'Not in the least. He precisely lays it to his and his colleagues' credit that they have finally overcome freedom, and have done so in order to make people happy.
Chinua Achebe, Home and Exile|In the end I began to understand. There is such a thing as absolute power over narrative. Those who secure this privilege for themselves can arrange stories about others pretty much where, and as, they like. Just as in corrupt, totalitarian regimes, those who exercise power over others can do anything.
Darnell Lamont Walker|He fell in with the quiet revolutionaries on campus—those who felt that the disenfranchisement of half the population was ridiculous, those who did not accept that rights were predicated on skin tone—partly because he couldn’t bring himself to avoid tempting trouble. He agreed with all their points, but understood that they were freer to make them purely because they had the money to build a wall around their experiences. That was what people did, wasn’t it? Ignore the majority of experience and actively disengage from those telling them otherwise.
Ted Kooser|We can think a healed thought and speak a healed word, speak of and to the two who are One, our MotherGoddessFatherGod. The hopeful but misty thought that "I've a Mother there" will give way to the experience that "I've a Mother here." We will know Him, Her, Them, Us, the Divine Family unbroken, bringing part to whole and whole to part, singing the indispensable She who had been forgotten but it now found, singing the wholeness, singing the holiness.
Ilya Ehrenburg, People, Years and Life|The reality is that many of us in these parts are not enamored of Paris." The Commandant gulped down his coffee. "I worked there as a young officer in the CRS, the riot squad. I speak from personal experience. Paris is bizarre. Paris is a museum surrounded by a jungle.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Not to sound like a jerk, but Jane isn't really my type. Her hair's kinda disastrously curly and she mostly hangs out with guys. My type's a little girlier. And honestly, I don't even like my type of girl that much, let alone other types. Not that I'm asexual or something - I just find Romance Drama unbearable.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When you work you fulfill a part of earth's furthest dream, assigned to you when that dream was born,And what is it to work with love?It is to weave the cloth with threads drawn from your heart, even as if your beloved were to wear that cloth.It is to build a house with affection, even as if your beloved were to dwell in that house.It is to sow seeds with tenderness and reap the harvest with joy, even as if your beloved were to eat the fruit.It is to charge all things you fashion with a breath of your own spirit.Work is love made visible
Steven Redhead, Keys to Creating Your Reality|Challenge who you can be, don't let fate control your future.
Stefan Zweig, Beware of Pity|The instinct of self-deception in human beings makes them try to banish from their minds dangers of which at the bottom they are perfectly aware by declaring them nonexistent, and a warning such as mine against cheap optimism was bound to prove particularly unwelcome at a moment when a sumptuously laid supper was awaiting for us in the next room.
Andie MacDowell|Because financially capable consumers ultimately contribute to a stable economic and financial system as well as improve their own financial situations, it's clear that the Federal Reserve has a significant stake in financial education.
Conrad Hall|Until you have a son of your own... you will never know the joy, the love beyond feeling that resonates in the heart of a father as he looks upon his son.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Until you experience real loneliness, you shall never know what real loneliness is. So many people feel miserable and lonely just because they ignore their inner man, create a gap between themselves and their inner man, and neglect their true self!
Mindee Arnett, The Nightmare Affair|I didn't do anything wrong. I swear.'He grunted. 'Like I've never heard that before. Funny, but I expected a little more originality from Moira's daughter.''Yeah, well, the dog ate my notebook with all my good excuses.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Doing without will wear on you until temptation is stronger than character, sometimes.
Jamie Ford|He was awed at her touch and what the human heart is capable of feeling - such sadness, such shame, but such acceptance such joy, all at the same time.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Confusion is a luxury which only the very, very young can possibly afford and you are not that young anymore
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|When you don’t question something and you know in your heart that it’s true, it’s like love. If you have to ask yourself if you love someone, you probably don’t. You can make it very complicated because even though you know in your heart that it’s true, you don’t always consult with your heart because your head wants you to think that it’s always right, but your head can confuse you. The heart is the one that’s always right.
Carolyn Ives Gilman, Halfway Human|Creator of indifferences” is the motto I want for my spirit today. I'd like my life's activity to consist, above all, in educating others to feel more and more for themselves, and less and less according to the dynamic low of collectiveness. To educate people in that spiritual antisepsis which precludes contamination by commonness and vulgarity is the loftiest destiny I can imagine for the pedagogue of inner discipline that I aspire to be. If all who read me would learn – slowly, of course, as the subject matter requires – to be completely insensitive to the other people's opinions and even their glances, that would be enough of a garland to make up for my life's scholastic stagnation.
Gene Siskel|Bing: You’re a heel…a low down rotten heel…anything that doesn’t go your way, anything that you can’t have you destroy.
Anna Bayes, Snug Fit|If a guy can't even handle my words, I don't think he can handle me as a person.
Kevin McCarthy|We must be aware of consumerism! That's our tendency. It's the capitalistic curse that we were poisoned with. We should spend only what is necessary. How do you call the big cars, the latest ones? Hummer! Not a single dollar to import Hummers! What is that? What is that? What kind of revolution is this? One of Hummers? No way!
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|I believe there are only three businesses: my business, other people's business, and God's business.
Mary Griffith| I realize how depraved it was to instill false guilt in an innocent child's conscience, causing a distorted image of life, God, & self, leaving little if any feeling of personal worth.
Sanjo Jendayi|We say we love self While pimping out our pussyYet, our wombs scream help.
Jillian Lauren, Some Girls: My Life in a Harem|I was sure that if I could just scale this fortress I would reach a height with a sunny blue sky and fresh air. I would stand there and experience myself as redeemable rather than ruined. I had no idea what kind of animal I was facing.If you had suggested to me at the time that my problems were due to some faulty wiring, some chemistry experiment gone wrong in my brain, I'd have said you were suggesting that I not take responsibility for my own choices. Now I know I was wrong. Now when I'm haunted by the specter of depression, I recognize it for what it is. I don't systematically dismantle my life every time depression pops out from behind a tree. But at that time, I was sure it was fixable if the world would just change faster, or if I would.
