Paresh Shah|People don't have ideas, ideas have people.
Emily Thorne|Just as there are two sides to every story, there are two sides to every person. One that we reveal to the world and another we keep hidden inside. A duality governed by the balance of light and darkness. Within each of us is the capacity for both good and evil. But those of us who are able to blur the moral dividing line hold the true power.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|But if modesty is interpreted not as diffidence or self-effacingness, but as non-overweening, a realistic assessment of the job to be done and one's ability to do it, then you might say the chief virtue of excellent artists is their modesty...But knowing your limits and going to them isn't arrogance. It's greatness of spirit.
jagvir ji|You are remaking the world, Noah. Drawing by drawing
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I know there are days when even one single positive thought feels like too much effort, but you must develop an unconditional love for life. You must never lose your childish curiosity for the possibilities in every single day. Who you can be, what you can see, what you can feel and where it can lead you. Be in love with your life, everything about it. The sadness and the joys, the struggles and the lessons, your flaws and strengths, what you lose and what you gain.
Kari L. Greenaway, There is a God|It was no time for mercy, it was time to terminate with extreme prejudice.
Moywaywa|I read somewhere that every life is the story of a single mistake, and then what happens after.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|God answers all prayers, but sometimes his answer is 'no'.
Margret Sanger|Woman must not accept; she must challenge. She must not be awed by that which hasbeen built up around her; she must reverence that within her which struggles for expression. Hereyes must be less upon what is and more clearly upon what should be. She must listen only witha frankly questioning attitude to the dogmatized opinions of man-made society. When shechooses her new, free course of action, it must be in the light of her own opinion—of her ownintuition. Only so can she give play to the feminine spirit. Only thus can she free her mate fromthe bondage which he wrought for himself when he wrought hers. Only thus can she restore tohim that of which he robbed himself in restricting her. Only thus can she remake the world.The world is, indeed, hers to remake, it is hers to build and to recreate. Even as she haspermitted the suppression of her own feminine element and the consequent impoverishment ofindustry, art, letters, science, morals, religions and social intercourse, so it is hers to enrich allthese
Rick Lambert, Polycarp, a destroyer of our gods|One should every day think over and make an effort to implant in his mind the saying, "At that time is right now." It is said that it is strange indeed that anyone is able to pass through life by one means or another in negligence.
Abigail  Baker, The Reaper's Sacrifice|He plays with his lip rings, using his tongue to slide them in and out of the holes. Aaaaand that was imagery I so did not need.
E. O. Wilson|The further a mathematical theory is developed, the more harmoniously and uniformly does its construction proceed, and unsuspected relations are disclosed between hitherto separated branches of the science.
- Morris R. Gates|And when you die only your thoughts that have reached paper remain. Finally when someone stumbles upon those words, reads about your loves and your losses, you touch them emotionally and for a time they finally feel understood. For that time they realise, they too shared the same thoughts and ideas,And then they realise just as I have realised, You are not truly as alone in this universe as you think are.
Robert Lanza|Every day, I read books on philosophy and science fiction and human consciousness.
Benjamin Rush, A Memorial Containing Travels Through Life or Sundry Incidents in the Life of Dr Benjamin Rush|It would seem from this fact, that man is naturally a wild animal, and that when taken from the woods, he is never happy in his natural state, 'till he returns to them again.
Poppet, Ryan|she shakes her head, fisting hands into my t-shirt and sobbing into my neck. And all I can think about is how good this feels
Luke Rhinehart, The Dice Man|Like the turtle's shell, the sense of self serves as a shield against stimulation and as a burden which limits mobility into possibly dangerous areas. The turtle rarely has to think about what's on the other side of his shell; whatever it is, it can't hurt him, can't even touch him. So, too, adults insist on the shell of a consistent self for themselves and their children and appreciate turtles for friends; they wish to be protected from being hurt or touched or confused or having to think. If a man can rely on consistency, he can afford not to notice people after the first few times. But I imagined a world in which each individual might be about to play the lover, the benefactor, the sponger, the attacker, the friend: and once known as one of the next day he might yet be anything. Would we pay attention to this person? Would life be boring? Would life be livable? I saw then clearly for the first time that the fear of failure keeps us huddled in the cave of self - a group of behavior patterns we have mastered and have no intention of risking failure by abandoning.
Brené Brown|Courage has a ripple effect. Every time we choose courage, we make everyone around us a little better and the world a little braver. And our world could stand to be a little kinder and braver.
Alan Moore|Look at him now, poor fellow. That's what a dose of reality does for you...Never touch the stuff myself, you understand. Find it gets in the way of the hallucinations.
Toni Mariani|Every bar in the scores of ourselves is already into memory into imagination, even as we play it out. We might as well listen.
John le Carré, The Constant Gardener|He sees passion in her gray eyes, and it scares him as all passion scares him, his own included.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My passionate leisure pursuit are reading, wondering and writing.
Clarissa Wild, Father|Your….your bat cave?” Emily responded.“Yes, I’m quite proud of it. I put those visiting Boy Scouts to good use building bat houses, and now I’ve got dozens of them lining the walls of my tool shed.” She ran a hand down her long, witchy hair. “Bat houses, I mean. Not Boy Scouts. I don’t have any Boy Scouts in my shed.” She looked around, and Ryan couldn’t help but wonder if anyone might indeed be missing a Boy Scout.
Betty White|In the household in which I was raised, the themes were pretty simple. 'Work hard. Don't quit. Be appreciative, be thankful, be grateful, be respectful. Also, never whine, never complain. And always, for crying out loud, keep a sense of humor.'
Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn|Annabelle, what happened to you?” Lillian asked the next morning. “You look dreadful. Why aren’t you wearing your riding habit? I thought you were going to try out the jumping course this morning. And why did you disappearso suddenly last night? It’s not like you to simply vanish without saying—”“I didn’t have a choice in the matter,” Annabelle said testily, folding her fingers around the delicate bowl of a porcelain teacup. Looking pale and exhausted, her blue eyes ringed with dark shadows, she swallowed a mouthful of heavily sweetened tea before continuing. “It was that blasted perfume of yours—as soon as he caught one whiff of it, he went berserk.”Shocked, Lillian tried to take in the information, her stomach plummeting. “It… it had an effect on Westcliff, then?” she managed to ask.“Good Lord, not Lord Westcliff.” Annabelle rubbed her weary eyes. “He couldn’t have cared less what I smelled like. It was my husband who went completely mad. After he caught the scent of that stuff, he dragged me up to our room and…well, suffice it to say, Mr. Hunt kept me awake all night. All night ,” she repeated in sullen emphasis, and drank deeply of the tea.“Doing what?” Daisy asked blankly.Lillian, who was feeling a rush of relief that Lord Westcliff had not been attracted to Annabelle while shewas wearing the perfume, gave her younger sister a derisive glance. “What do you think they were doing? Playing a few hands of Find-the-Lady?
Sondra Perl, On Austrian Soil: Teaching Those I Was Taught to Hate|The kind of teacher who never learned anything herself. Or taught anything, except sarcasm or fear.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|The health of the eye seems to demand a horizon. We are never tired, so long as we can see far enough
Mary J. McCoy-Dressel, Howdy, Ma'am|It's Ms. Armano.”“Oh, Ms, huh. One of those women's libbers?” He chuckled, glancing up at her. “I prefer independent woman who can make it on her own. Lucky for you I'd say if I decide to accept your offer.
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|Dissociative Identity Disorder...is initially a useful coping response to an environment which is very difficult to endure. The problem is that dissociative responses-such as switching, blanking out, or going into a trance-become automatic, and, once the original abusive environment has been left behind, are of little use in life and may be detrimental.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|She looked at me for a second and said, "Oh, never mind. I guess it's true what Mom said? That you've led a sheltered life?"I said I thought the description fairly apt.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is lightning that strikes, not thunder.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|Sometimes it feels like you and I are at the movie theater, sitting next to each other and watching the same movie. People say something, argue incessantly, even fight, but this is all somewhere far away, on the other side of the screen, and we are just passive onlookers unable to affect the course of events.
Toni Sorenson|Life is made up of chances to make choices, decisions of what you wish to do; the accumulated result of those choices is what you call your life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When you love yourself too much, sometimes it becomes a problem, because it gets out of control. if you don't control yourself, you become yourself closest enemy !
Amy Grant|Faith is salted and peppered through everything at Christmas. And I love at least one night by the Christmas tree to sing and feel the quiet holiness of that time that's set apart to celebrate love, friendship, and God's gift of the Christ child.
R.A. Salvatore, Road of the Patriarch|Ultimately, the claim goes to the strongest, does it not? In the final sort of things, I mean. He who remains alive, remains alive to write the histories in a light favorable to him and his cause. Surely as worldly as you are, you know well the histories of the world, Master Wingham. Surely you recognize that armies carrying banners are almost always thieves - until they win.
George Orwell, Decline of the English Murder|Where there is murder, anything can happen.
Sharon Maria Bidwell, Seduced by a Legend|She could sense the desire pouring off the man in front of her, and to be wanted so obviously, so fiercely, went to her head like moonshine. He made her feel like a goddess.Provided goddesses got this horny.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Knowing that this is what it means to live. That this love, this need is what drives us to push and fight and build and grow. That as long as there's hope and love in this world, there will always be the living.
Sheri Fink|Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|One of the tragic ironies of the second half of the 20th century is that when colonies in the developing world freed themselves from European rule, they often slid back into warfare, this time intensified by modern weaponry, organized militias, and the freedom of young men to defy tribal elders.77 As we shall see in the next chapter, this development is a countercurrent to the historical decline of violence, but it is also a demonstration of the role of Leviathans in propelling the decline.
Erica Cerra|Yeah, I like cars and basketball. But you know what I like more? Bananas.
Jean-Michel Jarre|Museums are like the quiet car of the world. It's a place you can come to escape, where there's authenticity, there's uniqueness, there's calm, there's physicality.
Dannika Dark, Five Weeks|We’re stars, you know. Different, distant, young and old, but we’re all made of the same stuff. We all shine just as bright as the next.
Chris Marlow, Doing Good Is Simple: Making a Difference Right Where You Are|Happy to be here, proud to serve.
Sarah Strohmeyer, Smart Girls Get What They Want|Brains are survival engines, not truth detectors.
Rick Detorie|This is followed by laughter because we're in high school, which means we're predictable and almost everything is funny, especially if it's someone else's public humiliation.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Every kind of language is... specialized form of bodily gesture, and in this sense it may be said that the dance is the mother of all languages... an original language of total bodily gesture.This "original" language of total bodily gesture is thus the one and only real language, which everybody who is in any way expressing himself is using all the time. What we call speech and the other kinds of language are only parts of it which have undergone specialized development.
Samuel Butler|The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|. . . The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions, that I wish it to be always kept alive. It will often be exercised when wrong, but better so than not to be exercised at all. I like a little rebellion now and then. It is like a storm in the atmosphere.
Melissa Nathan, Pride, Prejudice and Jasmin Field|She pulled away from Eric's grasp, knelt before Brian and looked up at him."Let me suck you off," she said. "Please.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|It's amazing how willingly one can tell to a new face, and how restrained one may be from telling a familiar one.
Baruch Spinoza|After experience had taught me that all the usual surroundings of social life are vain and futile; seeing that none of the objects of my fears contained in themselves anything either good or bad, except in so far as the mind is affected by them, I finally resolved to inquire whether there might be some real good having power to communicate itself, which would affect the mind singly, to the exclusion of all else: whether, in fact, there might be anything of which the discovery and attainment would enable me to enjoy continuous, supreme, and unending happiness.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Consistency is an under-appreciated inspirational quality. It’s that ability to conduct yourself in a consistent, reliable manner that others will respect and appreciate.
Unknown, Roman Proverb|When experience is bought by pain, it teaches.
Chesa Boudin, Gringo|somewhere along the dust-chocked Guatemalan road between...and ...was where I confirmed that I preferred traveling around the slow, bone-rattling way: by bus,with ordinary people. The bus we were riding in had been repainted in bright reds. The inside was colorful too: the seats had springs popping out of the upholstery, and the floor was caked with dirt and garbage. Chickens, some tied in bunches and others wandering loose, squawked noisily. Bouncing along a road to a place I had never been, and would never go back to, suddenly felt exciting, liberating even
Lauren Weisberger, Chasing Harry Winston|What are you - Secret Service?''If I were, I wouldn't admit it.''And you're not admitting it, I notice.
Mardy Grothe|Here's champagne for our real friends, and real pain for our sham friends.
Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road|I found out too that you are bound to be jostled in "the crowded street of life." That in itself need not be dangerous unless you have the open razors of personal vanity in your pants pocket. The passers-by don't hurt you, but if you go around like that, they make you hurt yourself.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Beauty is great... But love is greater. With it, you can overcome anything fate throws at you.
Kristine Barnett|To build confident and kind kids, we must celebrate their uniqueness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To find elegant souls, you must wander in the elegant places!
Courtney Cole, Nocte|This is a beautiful morning; the sun is rising with a smiling face. Everything around me is alive and smiling. Everything is whispering in my ear to enjoy every moment and enjoy the morning. My heart is dancing with you, with morning light.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The wide awake man seizes opportunities or makes them, and thus those who are widest awake usually come to the front.
John Green|I wish I knew how to quit you, Tumblr.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Lost at Sea|The stars look like they're so close, you could reach out and touch them. But you can't. Sometimes things look a lot closer than they are.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Blinding, mineral, shattering silence. You hear nothing but the quiet crunch of stones underfoot. An implacable, definitive silence, like a transparent death. Sky of a perfectly detached blue. You advance with eyes down, reassuring yourself sometimes with a silent mumbling. Cloudless sky, limestone slabs filled with presence: silence nothing can sidestep. Silence fulfilled, vibrant immobility, tensed like a bow. There’s the silence of early morning. For long routes in autumn you have to start very early. Outside everything is violet, the dim light slanting through red and gold leaves. It is an expectant silence. You walk softly among huge dark trees, still swathed in traces of blue night. You are almost afraid of awakening. Everything whispering quietly. There’s the silence of walks through the snow, muffled footsteps under a white sky. All around you nothing moves. Things and even time itself are iced up, frozen solid in silent immobility. Everything is stopped, unified, thickly padded. A watching silence, white, fluffy, suspended as if in parentheses.
Walter Gropius|O man you are busy working for the world, and the world is busy trying to turn you out.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness will comeToday, tomorrow and every yearNow, then and every moment For if, we learn to love, care and share.Happiness will comeTo fill our heart with kindnessIt is a gift from the universeTo touch our life with joyful silence.Happiness will comeFor if we know, wealth and splendors are illusionBut attainment of certain mental state,And Unconditional love is a real possession.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Winning and losing was suddenly elevated to be about things that had no score and no teams and no uniforms; just one player at a time dealing with his life, his own struggle, his own triumph and torment.
Elizabeth Bard, Picnic in Provence: A Memoir with Recipes|I tried desperately not to think about her eyes, about the way they lit up when she saw me. Or her hands, the way she waved them in the air as she talked, as if she thought she could pull words out of the sky with her fingers. And her arms, wrapping around me like my own house, because she was the place where I was from.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I am chic, sleek, and so unique.
Pablo Picasso|That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in.
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|... he was shaken by the overwhelming revelation that the headlong race between his misfortunes and his dreams was at that moment reaching the finish line. The rest was darkness."Damn it," he sighed. "How will I ever get out of this labyrinth!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Change your environment and if the need be, change your company because it goes a long way to create another version for you which can easily ripe for decay!
Courtney Milan, The Countess Conspiracy|I’d tell you to fetch a match, but you have always had your own spark.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Girls are the only ones who can really give each other close attention, the kind we equate with being loved. They noticed what we want noticed.And that's what I did for Tamar, I responded to her symbols. To the style of her hair and clothes and the smell of her L'Air Du Temps perfume. Like this was data that mattered. Signs that reflected something of her inner self. I took her beauty personally.
Dr. Shaklee|The real badge of honour at work is not to work longer than anyone else, but to work smarter than anyone else.
Abdus Salam, Ideals & Realities 2/E|deluded or not, supporters of superstition and pseudoscience are human beings with real feelings, who, like the skeptics, are trying to figure out how the world works and what our role in it might be. Their motives are in many cases consonant with science. If their culture has not given them all the tools they need to pursue this great quest, let us temper our criticism with kindness. None of us comes fully equipped.
Matthew Pearl|Data adds concrete information to a teacher's observations and intuition, but it will never replace experience, personal relationships, and cultural understanding.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|Sunday, the day for the language of leisure.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It is perfectly monstrous,' he said, at last, 'the way people go about nowadays saying things against one behind one's back that are absolutely and entirely true.
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|New artists have been obtained. These do not object to, and indeed argue enthusiastically for, the rationalization process. Production is up. Quality-control devices have been installed at those points where the interests of artists and audiences intersect. Shipping and distribution have been improved out of all recognition. (It is in this area, they say in Paraguay, that traditional practices were most blameworthy.) The rationalized art is dispatched from central art dumps to regional art dumps, and from there into the lifestreams of cities. Each citizen is given as much art as his system can tolerate.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|He who at night feeling tired because of working in the daytime, then at night he was forgiven of Allah" —
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|There must be good marriages somewhere, but to me, marriage had the feel of people tolerating each other, enduring each other because they were afraid to be alone or because each was a habit that the other couldn't quite break.
Louis Horst|To understand what I am saying, you have to believe that dance is something other than technique. We forget where the movements come from. They are born from life. When you create a new work, the point of departure must be contemporary life -- not existing forms of dance.
Dan Farmer|Employees can now easily leak company data through the use of insecure public Wi-Fi . If employees do not use VPNs to encrypt their data, they run the risk of exposing their traffic to cybercriminals. This means that passwords and usernames can be seen and intercepted by others on the network….. Although public WiFi hotspots are an invaluable services, there is a strong need for businesses to stay on top of the potential threats and security risks.
Alyssa Day, Vampire in Atlantis|You know better than that the only thing about you that scares me isyour absence, Alaric
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|He flexed his fingers and fought the urge to put his hand on her stomach. It was a possessivegesture, and he felt a little bit possessive
P. T. Barnum|Mr. Speaker, our Nation must no longer be complacent about underage drinking and its alarming consequences. We must bring this national public health crisis out of the shadow and into the bright light of a national priority.
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|Tessa touched his wrist lightly with her hand. "Be brave," she said. "It's not a duck, is it?
Diana Nyad, Find a Way|Keep the faculty of effort alive in you by a little gratuitous exercise every day. That is, be systematically ascetic or heroic in little unnecessary points, do every day or two something for no other reason than that you would rather not do it, so that when the hour of dire need draws nigh, it may find you not unnerved and untrained to stand the test. So with the man who has daily inured himself to habits of concentrated attention, energetic volition, and self-denial in unnecessary things. He will stand like a tower when everything rocks around him, and when his softer fellow-mortals are winnowed like chaff in the blast.
L.R.W. Lee|Success comes from a thousand little things done well, rarely from a silver bullet, even though we'd all like to believe that as our actions betray." - L. R. W. Lee, Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Adhish Mazumder, Versed with Life|You jealous souls are primeval without a doubt,Teach yourself to eat better instead of trying to eat one's heart out.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
Divyanka Tripathi|It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Dorothea Dix|You can live your life angry, bitter, mad at somebody or even guilty, not letting go of your own mistakes, but you won't receive the good things God has in store.
Li-Young Lee|Memory is sweet.Even when it's painful, memory is sweet.
Leonard Cohen|Like Pascal, Nietzsche, and Simone Weil, Kierkegaard is one of those writers whom it is very difficult to estimate justly. When one reads them for the first time, one is bowled over by their originality . . . and by the sharpness of their insights. . . . But with successive readings one’s doubts grow, one begins to react against their overemphasis on one aspect of the truth at the expense of all the others, and one’s first enthusiasm may all too easily turn to an equally exaggerated aversion. Of all such writers, one might say that one cannot imagine them as children. The more we read them, the more we become aware that something has gone badly wrong with their affective life; . . . it is not only impossible to imagine one of them as a happy husband or wife, it is impossible to imagine their having a single intimate friend to whom they could open their hearts.
Ronald Chapman, Seeing True: Ninety Contemplations in Ninety Days|The children of Spirit are laughing, cursing, chatting, walking and running. They ooze holiness in all that they are and do.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|The gift of a new day brings with it hope and potential. It is up to you to seize it. Do you recognize what an incredible gift it is to be alive for another day? Another entire day! How will you spend it? What will you do? More importantly, what will your attitude be? How will you spend this gift? I hope you will use it wisely, with gratitude and joy in your heart. Use it to spread love and kindness, use it to make a difference, use it with joy! Carpe diem!
Judith Spencer, Satans High Priest|The town was more than ready to accept the window dressing that hid the ugly truth of Joe's guilt. Some shared the secrets and kept the silence. Others would not have believed if they had been told. They would not have wanted to know. As those who saw and ignored the smoke from the crematoria of Hitler's Germany, they did not want to know that their world was not as it seemed.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Children, Never look Back!" and this meant that we must never allow the future to be weighed down by memory . for children have no past, and that is the whole secret of the magical innocence of their smiles.
Tim Gunn|I can see by your face that I'll never persuade you. And that's surprising, because usually you at least try to see my side."I can see your side," said Cecily. "I've got a much clearer view of it than you do, from over here on my side.
Elizabeth Gilbert|My friend Kate once went to a concert of Mongolian throat singers who were traveling through New York City on a rare world tour. Although she couldn't understand the words to their songs, she found the music almost unbearably sad. After the concert, Kate approached the lead Mongolian singer and asked, "What are your songs about?" He replied, "Our songs are about the same things that everyone else's songs are about: lost love, and somebody stole your fastest horse.
Lilla Watson|If you have come to help me, you are wasting your time. But if you have come because your liberation is bound up with mine, then let us walk together...
Hikigaya Hachiman|There are so many people out there that will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "Watch me!
Debasish Mridha|When you are ready, every door will open automatically for you.
Mary Wollstonecraft, Works of Mary Wollstonecraft|...a being, with a capacity of reasoning, would not have failed to discover, as his faculties unfolded, that true happiness arose from the friendship and intimacy which can only be enjoyed by equals; and that charity is not a condescending distribution of alms, but an intercourse of good offices and mutual benefits, founded on respect for justice and humanity.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|Literary truth is not the truth of the biographer or the reporter, it’s not a police report or a sentence handed down by a court. It’s not even the plausibility of a well-constructed narrative. Literary truth is entirely a matter of wording and is directly proportional to the energy that one is able to ­impress on the sentence. And when it works, there is no stereotype or cliché of popular literature that resists it. It reanimates, revives, subjects ­everything to its needs.
Nadia Comaneci|I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run towards it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your foot
Shillpi S Banerrji|Don't ruin a relationship, by giving it a name.A potential lover. A lover of the present and An ace of the past.These months, years and ages, might just forget the memory And remember the terms you used to file them in a draft.
Paul Walker|My father used to say that it's never too late to do anything you wanted to do. And he said, 'You never know what you can accomplish until you try.'
Mackubin Thomas Owens|This is our sacred land, Bharat, a land whose glories are sung by theGods, a land visualized by Mahayogi Aurobindo as the living manifestationof the Divine Mother of the universe, the Jaganmaataa, the Aadishakti,the Mahaamaayaa, the Mahaadurgaa, Who has assumed concrete form toenable us to see Her and worship Her,...a land worshipped by all our seers andsages as Maatrubhoomi, Dharmabhoomi, Karmabhoomi and Punybhoomi, averitable Devabhoomi and Mokshabhoomi" -
Henrietta Newton Martin|I am well known by my friends to be a workaholic - to their often justifiable annoyance. I am therefore keenly aware that such behavior is at best slightly pathological, and certainly in no sense makes one a better person.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Leadership is not just some empty formulas but establishing deep connection at soul levels through service, integrity, passion, perseverance and equanimity.
Gwen Ro|Secrets are more powerful when people know you've got them," said Mr. Sutton. "You show them the tiniest edge of your secret, but the rest you keep under wraps.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, The System of Nature, Vol. 2|Sometimes people have been stepping so long, they have forgotten what it's like to be stepped on.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|The obvious cure for the tragic shortcomings of human intuition in a high-tech world is education. And this offers priorities for educational policy: to provide students with the cognitive tools that are most important for grasping the modern world and that are most unlike the cognitive tools they are born with. The perilous fallacies we have seen in this chapter, for example, would give high priority to economics, evolutionary biology, and probability and statistics in any high school or college curriculum. Unfortunately, most curricula have barely changed since medieval times, and are barely changeable because no one wants to be the philistine who seems to be saying that it is unimportant to learn a foreign language, or English literature, or trigonometry, or the classics. But no matter how valuable a subject may be, there are only twenty-four hours in a day, and a decision to teach one subject is also a decision not to teach another one. The question is not whether trigonometry is important, but whether it is more important than statistics; not whether an educated person should know the classics, but whether it is more important for an educated person to know the classics than to know elementary economics. In a world whose complexities are constantly challenging our intuitions, these trade-offs cannot responsibly be avoided.
Jamie Lee Curtis|I'm a big believer that your life is basically a sum of all the choices you make. The better your choices, the better opportunity to lead a happy life.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|You've got pretty good taste." She pulled out a suit, looked at it, put it back, pulled out another. "I can remember, you always wore good suits, good-looking suits, even before you were rich.""I like suits," he said. "They feel good. I like Italian suits, actually. I've had a couple of British suits, and they were okay, but they felt ... constructed. Like I was wearing a building. But the Italians - they know how to make a suit.""Ever try French suits?""Yeah, three or four times. They're okay, but a little ... sharp-looking. They made me feel like a watch salesman.""How about American suits?":Efficient," he said. "Do the job; don't feel like much. You always wear an American suit if you don't want people to notice you.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|It is true that I miss intelligent companionship, but there are so few with whom I can share the things that mean so much to me that I have learned to contain myself. It is enough that I am surrounded with beauty...
Sue Patton Thoele, The Courage to Be a Stepmom: Finding Your Place Without Losing Yourself|All conversation, big or small, is about painting word pictures of your experiences for other people. The more
Mehmet Murat ildan|Cut the connection between your clothes and your beliefs, because clothes will not make you something, it won’t make you honest or dishonest, good or bad! Your essence will not change because of what you wear!
David Levithan, Wide Awake|If at first you don’t succeed, failure may be your style.
Leigh Hunt|The Christmas tree, twinkling with lights, had a mountain of gifts piled up beneath it, like offerings to the great god of excess.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|Poets can't march in protest or do that sort of thing. I feel that's against the rules, and pointless. If mankind wants a great big final bang, that's what it'll get. One should never protest against anything unless it's going to have an effect. None of those marches do. One should either be silent or go straight to the top.
Tamara Henson|He had read much of things as they are, and talked with too many people. Well-meaning philosophers had taught him to look into the logical relations of things, and analyse the processes which shaped his thoughts and fancies. Wonder had gone away, and he had forgotten that all life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.
John Hoeven|If we talk about the environment, for example, we have to talk about environmental racism - about the fact that kids in South Central Los Angeles have a third of the lung capacity of kids in Santa Monica.
Eowyn Ivey, The Snow Child|In a place filled with fears, they were looking for the man who had none.
Garrison Wynn, The Real Truth about Success: What the Top 1 Percent Do Differently, Why They Won't Tell You, and How You Can Do It Anyway|When preparing a presentation, it’s never a good idea to begin with a rule. If you do, you’re focusing on the appearance of good delivery and not the effect of it.
Heather R. Blair, Phoenix Rising|Some people hate the rain, other appreciate it for the blooming flowers.
Leonard Nimoy|When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity. A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude.
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|The ego relies on the familiar. It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|That's an applicable life less, my boy,' he'd said. 'Nobody is really paying attention to you. Most people don't really get this. They think they must count more to other people than other people count to them. They can't believe the disregard could truly be mutual.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Loving others isn't about us at all. And until that sinks in, we'll never be able to love the way Christ truly loved.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield|There are many things evil people can take from you. However, they can never steal your ability to laugh and laugh loud.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|You'll get fired if anyone finds out about us!""So many rules in this century," Vane muttered.
Abigail Lazo|I was afraid,” she said, “and I wanted to hear your voice.
Billy Graham|It is the Holy Spirit's job to convict, God's job to judge and my job to love.
Antonin Sertillanges, The Intellectual Life: Its Spirit, Conditions, Methods|Friendship is an obstetric art; it draws out our richest and deepest resources; it unfolds the wings of our dreams and hidden indeterminate thoughts; it serves as a check on our judgements, tries out our new ideas, keeps up our ardor, and inflames our enthusiasm.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We look for our perfect partners, and we wish we can be accepted the way we are. We seek unconditional love. It is all beautiful. While doing it we can always remember that we need to accept ourselves unconditionally, as much as we wish others to accept as with no conditions.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Anyone with a great product to sell should never criticize competing products. Your product should sell on its own merit. Consumers want the best of the best, not the best of a bad situation.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|In order to mount to heaven, you used the Inferno to give you momentum. "The further down you gain your momentum," you often used to tell me, "the higher you shall be able to reach. The militant Christian's greatest worth is not his virtue, but his struggle to transform into virtue the impudence, dishonor, unfaithfulness, and malice within him. One day Lucifer will be the most glorious archangel standing next to God; not Michael, Gabriel, or Raphael—but Lucifer, after he has finally transubstantiated his terrible darkness into light.
Rachel Caine|Great," Shane said. "Look i'd rather not be on janitorial duty. I have allergies to cleaners.""And to cleaning," Michael said."Look who's talking, Didn't the do one of those Animal Planet documentaries about the roaches in your room?
Stephen   Craig, Blooded Eyes - A Short Story|My name is Patricia Lauren Bordeaux, and I, like my creator before me, am a very lonely vampire.
Billy Graham|Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.
Molly Shannon|A strange thing is memory, and hope; one looks backward, and the other forward; one is of today, the other of tomorrow. Memory is history recorded in our brain, memory is a painter, it paints pictures of the past and of the day.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|I’m coming, you impatient old coot! Keep your panties on!”-Skye yelling back to Hagan.
Anjum Choudhary, Souled Out|I am no one's to be claimed,I belong to me.
Brian Andreas, Story People: Selected Stories & Drawings of Brian Andreas|There was a single blue line of crayon drawn across every wall in the house. What does it mean? I asked. A pirate needs the sight of the sea, he said and then he pulled his eye patch down and turned and sailed away.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|I would love a sandwich,' said Tybalt, with enough gravity to make it sound like a formal proclamation. Resolved: that we will have ham and cheese sandwiches.
Jennifer Jabaley, Lipstick Apology|But he that sows lies in the end shall not lack of a harvest, and soon he may rest from toil indeed, while others reap and sow in his stead.
Jürgen Moltmann|When your eyes are fixed on the horizon of eternity, it affects your vision for motherhood.
James C. Uwandu, Almost the Whole Thing|There are things you can change, the ones you can accomodate the ones you must avoid and the ones you definitely cannot do anything about. If you surrender all of them to JESUS the LORD, HE would give you Peace and Love in return.
Israel S. Dudley|I love you...I love you without needing you, I love you without wanting you. I love you for being you. Because, you see, needing you is a necessity; and wanting you is a desire. But being, is as it is. And so, you as you are, this as it is, is as it is just fine. I guess the next level will be, I love you... with no explanation. Simply because I'm lost at words for you, and even if I found words, none of them would explain. Like a man who speaks another language trying to communicate, so will I be a love that feels an unexplainable feeling, trying to explain. I can't... And that's okay.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I hear they’re all infected with chlamydia, which just goes to show that you really can’t tell who’s got the clam. I mean, look at a picture of a koala…tell me you’re not shocked.
Idries Shah|The decline in the influence of religion has been due, in the main, not to religion itself, but to the very shallowness of many practitioners. People who are indoctrinated and mistake implanted obsession for faith, are themselves destroyers of the very thing which they imagine themselves called upon to try to protect.In fact, of course, they have no such call: and their capacity to protect something which is other than their imaginings makes for a comical situation.
Bertrand Russell|There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.
Herb Kelleher|Everybody's business is nobody's business, and nobody's business is my business.
Mary Allsebrook, Born to Rebel: The Life of Harriet Boyd Hawes|You can hardly walk up to complete strangers and say, "Good for you! You've risked banishment and brutality and ostracism just to be together, and I applaud your choice! You're in the vanguard of social change, and even though it's hard on you, the generations that come after you will have an easier time of it because you were brave enough to fall in love." So instead I told them I liked their baby. It means the same thing, but it's more socially acceptable.
Abraham H. Maslow|We need not take refuge in supernatural gods to explain our saints and sages and heroes and statesmen, as if to explain our disbelief that mere unaided human beings could be that good or wise.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Jason's fingers itched to draw his sword. He'd met plenty of scary demigods, but he was starting to realize that Nico di Angelo--as pale and gaunt as he looked--might be more than he could handle.
Harry Emerson Fosdick|I want everybody to know that I don't care who you are, where you're from, if you're popular or not: we all have haters. But you have to be resilient. You have to not allow them to have the power over you, where you start believing the things they say.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Whoever extolleth him as a God of love, doth not think highly enough of love itself. Did not that God want also to be judge? But the loving one loveth irrespective of reward and requital.
Christopher Byford, Den of Shadows|But love – don’t we all talk a great deal of nonsense about it? What does one mean? ... It’s only a story one makes up in one’s mind about another person, and one knows all the time it isn’t true. Of course one knows; why, one’s always taking care not to destroy the illusion.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In a sense, discouragement does not have to exist. Allow it to be rather the encouragement to honestly reconsider all the options, then, as necessary, shine on.
Clifford Geertz|The profound paradox is that the great man became more confident in his approach to others, including the man of his own Cabinet, but he recognized that his major confidence was not himself but in Another.
Tom Stoppard|No one can persuade another to change. Each of us guards a gate of change that can only be opened from the inside. We cannot open the gate of another, either by argument or emotional appeal.
Billie Letts, Where the Heart Is|She found it curious and frightening that she could deeply dislike someone she didn’t even know. It wasn’t her. At least, it wasn’t how she used to be.
Kate Moss|I used to consider the listener. But now I'm in a space where, if I'm not inspired, I can't really do the music. I can't feel it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|One of the very striking life lessons from Game of Thrones.When Arya was blind; hopeless and helpless. The Waif lured her into multiple stick fights and the Waif would promptly beat Arya in every sparring match. But through those stick fight, Arya learned to cope with her blindness and how to fight “in the dark.”After Arya had regained her sight and Jaqen had granted the Waif’s wish to kill Arya. Arya confronted the Waif in a hideout and put out the only light in the room. Arya best the Waif due to her proficiency in fighting without sight (which, ironically, was trained by the Waif). Arya killed her adversary.ONE THING ABOUT CHALLENGES IN LIFE IS: THROUGH THEM, WE LEARN HOW TO OVERCOME THEM. Always Pay Attention!
John Dryden, Aureng-Zebe|Can we actually suppose that we are wasting, polluting, and making ugly this beautiful land for the sake of patriotism and the love of God? Perhaps some of us would like to think so, but in fact this destruction is taking place because we have allowed ourselves to believe, and to live, a mated pair of economic lies: that nothing has a value that is not assigned to it by the market; and that the economic life of our communities can safely be handed over to the great corporations. (from 'Compromise, Hell!' published in the November/December 2004 issue of ORION magazine)
Nikki DiCaro|Only humans are bestowed with the capability of learning from others’ mistakes. If we deny oneself this unique faculty, we deny oneself the chance to be a human.
Karen Thompson Walker|Find the beliefs that are strangling your feelings, challenge them for your sake as well as theirs, and see how it feels to love someone without a thought about the future, simply for who they are today.
Thea Harrison, Spellbinder|Let the dead have the immortality of fame, but the living the immortality of love.
Nana cwame Aboagye|Never pray for just a beautiful and sexy partner, but pray for that who fear God. That he/she will not sin against his God.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|In the immediate aftermath of the great Chicago fire, a business proprietor erected a shack in front of his burned-out business. On a sign, he placed his name and the tagline that everything was gone but wife, children, and energy.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Before Mags became a household name across Scotland, it was during the mid Nineties when she became an avid anti-paedophile campaigner against paedophiles on the Raploch Estate, attracting media attention, even appearing on Robert Kilroy-Silk’s morning TV show. At the height of her anti-paedophilic crusade, she led a howling mob of protesters to a hostel near her home where a known paedophile was staying.
Aaron B. Powell, Benjamin|I am disgusted that I was often taken into their bed and told to do things to both of them. The things a decent parent wouldn't think of. I didn't know that having sex with her or with him was wrong because I'd never known anything else but I never understood why it used to hurt so much. It carried on right until she died and I am sure that if she was still alive it would still be going on now. I wished someone would help me and stop them hurting me. I tried to do what they told me to do because somethings they were nice to me if I did it properly."- Graham talks about being sexually abused by his mother (and her boyfriend)Graham was sexually abused by his mother. The only person who showed him any affection in his childhood was his grandmother."My mother always told me the police would think I was a 'dirty little bastard' if I told them and they would take me away to a children's home and I would never see grandmother again.""I knew it was my fault and nobody would believe me."- Graham Children often do not tell about abuse because of their fears about how other people will respond. The most common fear is that they will not be believed, It is a child's word against an adult's and the adult may be well liked and respected in the community. Nowadays, because of the television and newspaper coverage, people are aware that child sexual abuse does happen. In the recent past it was thought to be a rare occurrence, so even if they were trusted adults around for a child to tell, the adult would probably have found it difficult to believe and would have little idea what to do about it.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|At that period I paid as constant attention to the greater securing of my happiness, to enjoying and judging it, too, as I had always done for the smallest details of my acts; and what is the act of love, itself, if not a moment of passionate attention on the part of the body? Every bliss achieved is a masterpiece; the slightest error turns it awry, and it alters with one touch of doubt; any heaviness detracts from its charm, the least stupidity renders it dull. My own felicity is in no way responsible for those of my imprudences which shattered it later on; in so far as I have acted in harmony with it I have been wise. I think still that someone wiser than I might well have remained happy till his death.
William Davrick, Eight Seconds|I consider you mine, because Donna considered you hers.
Katie Reus, Breaking Her Rules|You want to come in?" she asked softly.He leveled his gaze at her. "You know what's likely going to happen if I go in there, right?"She didn't blink. "Yeah. That's why I'm asking.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Sometimes, the risks we take are so extreme that if things didn’t work in our favor, we could lose EVERYTHING for the sake of our faith.
Vincent Starrett, Born in a Bookshop: Chapters from the Chicago Renascence|Silence rolled at me, in 
Thomas Mars|I'm jamming 'Black Sabbath Vol. 4' all the time. Zappa's 'Cruising With Ruben & The Jets.' A lot of Gong lately. Some Hawkwind. The Residents' 'Duck Stab' is amazing. Some Fugs. Lots of stuff, man. I'm pretty schizophrenic with records.
Will Self|Marriage is a lot of things - a source of love, security, the joy of children, but it's also an interpersonal battlefield, and it's not hard to see why: Take two disparate people, toss them together in often-confined quarters, add the stresses of money and kids - now lather, rinse, repeat for the rest of your natural life. What could go wrong?
Balroop Singh|Sometimes, we try to run so fast that we can’t see the dangers until we have them before us. We don’t see the tiger hiding in the trees until it is about to eat us. Or we run pass the next opportunity without paying attention.
Stanley A. Freed, Anthropology Unmasked: Museums, Science, and Politics in New York City|When asked why he wrote the book, Freed said: In the 1980s, I joined the small group of anthropologists who were writing about the history of their subject. I believed that I could add some balance to American anthropological history, and that the best place to start was with museums—where the story began. The more I delved into the archives, the more I was fascinated. I was hooked.
Horace|No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|I only share when I have no unmet needs that I'm trying to fill. I firmly believe that being vulnerable with a larger audience is only a good idea if the healing is tied to the sharing, not to the expectations I might have for the response I get.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Human beings not only can't bear too much reality, we flee from reality when someone doesn't force us close enough to the fire to feel the heat on our faces.
Naomi Campbell|I did not want to put myself on the line, as an Australian playing Britain's greatest comic actor. The fans of Sellers are obsessive, possessive - and aggressive. I did not want to risk their anger - or my own reputation.
Usha Cosmico|The thing you let Die within when you are Alive, will be carried with your Soul after Death.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|Her pinkie took matters into its own, er, pinkie, and moved oh-so-slightly, grazing his skin. His pinkie, judging by the shape and texture. Blood rushed and pounded through her veins, flushing her skin. This could not, in any way, be explained as an accidental touch. But he could feign sleep if he wasn’t interested. Did she want him to do that? What was she doing? She commanded her pinkie to drop, and thankfully, it obeyed. A jolt shot through her as his finger made a query, and the need clarified. The need represented her desire for some measure of control. Control over her general situation. Control over her attraction. She answered with a gentle finger stroke along his calloused, warm skin. A sharp breath pierced the dark air.
Arthur Erickson|We need a new health care architecture that will reduce costs, improve outcomes, and protect vulnerable persons.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|In the past, only some of the males, but all of the females, were able to procreate. Equality is more natural for females.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit
Ramana Pemmaraju|One has to understand that THINKING and WORRYING are polar opposites, though functioning from same source MIND. While THINKING, is a life-affirmative phenomenon which promotes positivity, hope and motivates the soul to reach higher sphere of life. WORRYING, solely makes one more vulnerable to restlessness & depression driving into life-negative state.
Jason Wu|Brizo has been my single biggest sponsor since I began as a designer. Brizo wanted to be involved in many different areas of design - they had already worked with several architects, and fashion was an area they were interested in moving into.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|If you don't speak then you are not heard, and if you are not heard then you don't really exist
Ryan Lilly|I'm considering writing a self-help book and giving people 20 cents to read it. This way, I can be sure they all get new paradigms.
Daniela I. Norris, On Dragonfly Wings: A Skeptic's Journey to Mediumship|What I like about this belief is that it makes people look for a big picture, and think more about how they behave in this life and what they achieve, as it might influence their next lives. I alsolike another aspect of it: that negative experiences teach us as much as positive experiences do; sometimes they teach us more.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Now, practically even better news than that of short assignments is the idea of shitty first drafts. All good writers write them.
Tina Turner|The Rosicrucians teach that all great religions have been given to the people among whom they are found, by Divine Intelligences who designed each system of worship to suit the needs of the race or nation to whom it was given. A primitive people cannot respond to a lofty and sublime religion, and vice versa.
Anonymous|I want a relationship where we talk like best friends, play like kids, argue like husband and wife, and protect each other like siblings.
Kait Ballenger, Midnight Hunter|W-what are you?"Selena looked down at her rival. "What you should have been and never were. The Queen of the Witches.
Lindsay Price|National politics and elections are dominated by emotions, by lack of self-confidence, by fear of the other, by insecurity, by infection of the body politic by the virus of victimhood.
Erin Fall Haskell|The ultimate relationship is within thyself, knowing that all other relationships are a projection or a reflection of our ability or inability to love.
Aldous Huxley, Ape and Essence|It is a scene of Satyrs and Nymphs, of pursuits and captures, provocative resistances followed by the enthusiastic surrender of lips to bearded lips, of panting bosoms to the impatience of rough hands, the whole accompanied by a babel of shouting, squealing and shrill laughter
Clement of Rome, The First Epistle of Clement to the Corinthians|We know many among ourselves who have given themselves up to bonds, in order that they might ransom others. Many, too, have surrendered themselves to slavery, that with the price which they received for themselves, they might provide food for others.
Cornelia Funke, The Inkheart Trilogy: Inkheart, Inkspell, Inkdeath|The world was a terrible place, cruel, pitiless, dark as a bad dream. Not a good place to live. Only in books could you find pity, comfort, happiness - and love. Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you security and friendship and didn't ask anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly.
Henri Nouwen|As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Children know perfectly well that unicorns aren’t real, but they also know that books about unicorns, if they are good books, are true books.
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|NOTE TO SELF – BOOMERANG EFFECTMy words, thoughts and deeds have a boomerang effect.So be-careful what you send out!
Shannon L. Alder|Closure /klōZHər/ Noun1. The thing women tell you what they want, but secretly they really want you to tell them why you don’t want them again, so they can try one last time to convince you that you were wrong. 2. The warped mentality that having someone tell you honestly why they don’t want you is going to somehow make you feel peace, so you can move on.3. The neat packaging of finishing conversations because you have been stewing over it insecurely about the length of what a stalker does. 4. The one thing women don’t give themselves because if they didn’t care about the jerk they wouldn’t still be hanging onto another conversation that tells them what they already know: He just isn’t that interested in you.5. The anal retentive art of perfecting every ending with meaning, rather than just excepting you went through something rather sucky and he doesn’t care.6. The act of closing something with someone, when in reality you should slam the door.
Diyar Harraz, After the Storm|Not until you’re bind together with a more pure and sincere relationship, the love you feel to each other will never become something tangible - Sarah
Glad Munaiseche|Become a parent. Lose your autonomy, but gain the wondrous superpower of The Magic Kiss that instantly dries tears and makes the pain of boo-boos disappear.
Nathan Myhrvold|To see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.
T.S. Eliot|It seems that one ought to read in two ways: 1) because of a particular and personal interest, which makes the thing one's own, regardless of what other people think of the book 2) to a certain extent, because it is something one 'ought to have read' but one must be quite clear this why one is reading.
Sunday Adelaja|Silence is difficult and arduous, it is not to be played with. It isn't something that you can experience by reading a book, or by listening to a talk, or by sitting together, or by retiring into a wood or a monastery. I am afraid none of these things will bring about this silence. This silence demands intense psychological work. You have to be burningly aware of your snobbishness, aware of your fears, your anxieties, your sense of guilt. And when you die to all that, then out of that dying comes the beauty of silence.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist's, but that's just peanuts to space.
Nikhil Sharda, eFiction India Vol. 1 Issue 07|If all that one sees is a tiny speck of perspective in the larger scheme of things. And each perspective is made alive by the amalgamation of learning. And learning is a mere accumulation of skill and knowledge : both deriving from Truth. And Truth is not absolute but more of a figment of one's imagination made apparent to the senses. Then all, or for the most part, is fiction.
James A. Michener, Centennial|It took her three seconds-one, two, three-to know that her destiny required her to join this man, and his gun and his wagon, and his waiting horses. She had no conception of what was being asked of her, but she knew that there could be no viable alternative. She dashed inside the orphanage and grabbed the few things that belonged to her.
Tag Cavello, Double Dutch and Other Stories|And there was time enough--or so it seemed--for all the cherries atop all the ice-cream sundaes in all the world to fall from their frozen perches, as the heat of a treasure chest summer melted them away. Down and down into the cups of what it would all become, trusting on the ingredients, and how much love had been used to unite them.
Paul Auster, 4 3 2 1|It's not the news that makes the newspaper, but the newspaper that makes the news.
Germaine Greer, Daddy, We Hardly Knew You|Thank you, Mr. Rochester, for your great kindness. I am strangely glad to get back again to you: and wherever you are is my home—my only home.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|The NSA may, or may not have rejected the invisible secret operative application form I never even bothered to have sent over to them. I'll never know...
John Webster, The White Devil|That was his cover story. Architecture… a job that would take him out of town often and would require long hours and meetings that wouldn’t allow him to answer his phone. Of course, he had to have a good cover. Cell coverage in Hell was spotty.
rajuda|Sex in the twenties is like a helicopter raring to take off vertically, but twenty years later, it is like a vintage plane roaring and racing to a reluctant take off!
Utpal Vaishnav|Choosing a mate is not a matter of can they do the job, rather will they. A partner of "potential" doesn't make for a happy marriage. Their actions have to be in line with your needs.
Amy Carmichael, Gold Cord|as the needs of all living things must, we have proved that it is a very safe thing to trust in the Lord our God.
Dan Gable|I haven't had any formal education. Through the grace of god, I am gifted in mathematics and the English language.
Dada Bhagwan|How does ‘common sense’ arise? Through conflicts. During conflicts, if one does not clash with anyone, even if the other person comes clashing with him, he should not clash with him. If one is able to remain this way, ‘common sense’ will arise. Otherwise, whatever ‘common sense’ there is, it too will disappear!
Nia Vardalos|Telling stories with visuals is an ancient art. We've been drawing pictures on cave walls for centuries. It's like what they say about the perfect picture book. The art and the text stand alone, but together, they create something even better. Kids who need to can grab onto those graphic elements and find their way into the story.
Sarah Brazytis, The Apprentices|If you carry a weapon, war will follow you. If you carry a smile, love will knock at your door.
Cynthia Lord, Rules|The only wishes that will ever change you are the kind that may, at any moment, eat you whole.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Who you are is too vast to be captured by the reflection of a mirror, classified by the state of your attitude, or categorized by the opinions of others. Therefore, if any of these are defining you, you have yet to be defined.
Harvey MacKay|People treat the present moment as if it is just a stopping point on the way to some great goal that will happen in the future, and then they are surprised that the long day closes; they look back on their life and see that the things they let go by so unregarded, the small pleasures they dismissed so easily were in fact the true significance of their lives- all the time these things were the great and wonderful successes and purpose of their existence.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|To Control Is Better Check.Petra Cecilia Maria HermansAugust 19, 2016Babaji
Toba Beta|When you said no time for love,I heard needy expression of love.
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|The following is a list of statements made many years ago by experts in their fields. At the time they were said they sounded intelligent. With the passing of time, they sound idiotic.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|We tend to see individual differences instead of human universals. Thus, when someone says the word 'intelligence,' we think of Einstein instead of humans.
Paul Taylor, Private Domain: An Autobiography|Most dancers I know, especially the talented and successful ones, seem to possess [my dog's] knack for living moment to moment. You see, their idea of time is related to those infinitely short moments when they are onstage being their superselves.
John Coltrane|My music is the spiritual expression of what I am — my faith, my knowledge, my being...When you begin to see the possibilities of music, you desire to do something really good for people, to help humanity free itself from its hangups...I want to speak to their souls.
Jason McCoy|It's a funny thing, but today the Titanic is probably much more - that is people are much more aware of it than they were in 1954, when I was doing my research.
Laurence Cossé, A Corner of the Veil|I don't believe for a minute that the proof of God's existence is achieved. My faith prohibits me from believing that the proof of God's existence can ever be adduced. My God is not an object for verification, He is a subject for love. My faith is not knowledge, it is acceptance. It is a matter not of calculation but of trust.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|America is the wealthiest nation on Earth, but its people are mainly poor, and poor Americans are urged to hate themselves. To quote the American humorist Kin Hubbard, 'It ain’t no disgrace to be poor, but it might as well be.' It is in fact a crime for an American to be poor, even though America is a nation of poor. Every other nation has folk traditions of men who were poor but extremely wise and virtuous, and therefore more estimable than anyone with power and gold. No such tales are told by the American poor. They mock themselves and glorify their betters. The meanest eating or drinking establishment, owned by a man who is himself poor, is very likely to have a sign on its wall asking this cruel question: 'if you’re so smart, why ain’t you rich?' There will also be an American flag no larger than a child’s hand – glued to a lollipop stick and flying from the cash register.Americans, like human beings everywhere, believe many things that are obviously untrue. Their most destructive untruth is that it is very easy for any American to make money. They will not acknowledge how in fact hard money is to come by, and, therefore, those who have no money blame and blame and blame themselves. This inward blame has been a treasure for the rich and powerful, who have had to do less for their poor, publicly and privately, than any other ruling class since, say Napoleonic times. Many novelties have come from America. The most startling of these, a thing without precedent, is a mass of undignified poor. They do not love one another because they do not love themselves.
Sarah Addison Allen|You'd be surprised how easy some things can be, things you never thought you'd do, when you take self-respect out of the equation.
Manna Francis, Playing with Fire|Judge no one until you know their circumstances. No matter how awful they seemed, sometimes there was a valid reason for their behaviour. Granted, some people were just mean and corrupt, but not always. Many people were just in pain, and by acting out, they were only trying to protect themselves from being hurt more.
Christine M. Korsgaard, Creating the Kingdom of Ends|Thus we find that the unconditioned condition of the goodness of anything is rational nature...To play this role, however, rational nature must itself be something of unconditional value--and end in itself.
ANIKOR Daniel|All of us must have initiative, we should not be mere imitators; we must learn to think and act for ourselves and be free from the claws of others.
James Gould Cozzens, Castaway|When he had eaten, Mr. Lecky lay down on his cot, though he did not expect to sleep. The four lanterns continued to shed their thin floods of light. Against the dark, this illumination set the varied, ill-matched shapes of his assembled defenses. Studying the odd wall, in spirit unquiet, Mr. Lecky was reminded of his childhood - not in any detail of actual reminiscence, but more deeply, less coherently. He seemed to recall himself, unreally small and young, in concealment under a table. A table had been fort enough, for his enemies were imaginary. He never imagined them winning.Even at that early period, furniture would only be useful against foes which he had invented to play with. Tables could not have protected him from bears or wolves. Perhaps he had been taught, by his amused elders, a conventional fear of bears. Unassisted, he had picked up a private fear of wolves. Bears were no more than vague monsters coming at night, never distinct or well defined. But of wolves his unruly imagination could produce whole lifelike packs such as those which he had somehow been led to believe pursued any sleigh venturing out, three frantic horses abreast, in perpetually snow-sunk Russia.At a brief later stage he had entertained, fruit of the new-found ability to read, some concern about ghosts. His spectres were, however, practically people, if hideous, gaunt and pale ones. It was doubtful if he ever actually believed in them, in the sense of fearing that he might meet one. His eyesight had always been good, so it played him none of the terrifying tricks necessary to confirm a belief in the supernatural. Indeed, he could not be long in discovering that people beyond a suspicion of unbalance, or not obviously coveting the moment's arrest of attention gained them by their statements, never had experience with or knowledge of the restless dead. Slowly accepting this as evidence that no such things existed, Mr. Lecky found terrors deeper, and to him more plausible, to fill that unoccupied place - the simple sense of himself alone, and, not unassociated with it, the conception of a homicidal maniac quietly pursuing him.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|A lady sent me an email recently advising me to change my environment. I guess she read through the lines of my writing and I had adequately painted a portrait of my experiences for her to form a conclusion that melancholia and fatalistic views of my protagonist reveals the depth or layers of my own consciousness. I haven't experienced much of life at twenty five but I've noticed enough, more than most people do at my age. I won't lie that sometimes it leaves me menacingly depressed. I only represent myself. I am in no competition with anyone. I often muse that if people were half concerned about wars and crimes, corruption in high places and poverty with the heavy regard they place upon other's lives then we would have a better world. Just imagine if the average man on the road heckled politicians the way they are often inclined to insult a fat woman. I have a Ton load of bad experiences but I have not allowed them to deter me, people will think about them at some high point in my life and try to use it to besmirch whatever glory I may attain. I understand that too, they can use it for whatever barometer on their lives they see fit but as for me, I used my crash falls as stairwells to greatness. Sometimes I feel alone because I am youthful and curious about life and people judge me for it and oftentimes it leaves me feeling lonely and asocial. You see the deep thinker has to be careful, the shallow minded will take one look and paint him as madness.
Harriet Jacobs, Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl|Man cannot be reduced to slavery if he is not distorted first. The politician and the priest have been in a deep conspiracy down the ages. They have been reducing humanity to a crowd of slaves. They are destroying every possibility of rebellion in man—and love is rebellion, because love listens only to the heart and does not care a bit about anything else.
Philip K. Dick, Philip K. Dick: The Last Interview and Other Conversations|And this again, that that insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye; lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.
Bertrand Russell|As a philosopher, if I were speaking to a purely philosophic audience I should say that I ought to describe myself as an Agnostic, because I do not think that there is a conclusive argument by which one can prove that there is not a God. On the other hand, if I am to convey the right impression to the ordinary man in the street I think that I ought to say that I am an Atheist, because, when I say that I cannot prove that there is not a God, I ought to add equally that I cannot prove that there are not the Homeric gods.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Your poetry is lonely. And yet, you write to feel less alone
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|And yet knowing all these mistakes were yours, beautifully yours, and you came out the better for it... the boy I left behind well on his way to becoming an extraordinary man and an extraordinary king." Merlin smiled. "If only from your choice of princess alone.
Miguel de Unamuno|I spend a lot of time with Buddhists. I'm not a Buddhist, but their relationship with death interests me.
Viv Grigg|We must primarily become seekers of God instead of founders of works, for work will not sustain us through the traumas of incarnation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Reflect, reflect.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Siarad Cymraeg?" said Old Shacob."He wants to know if you speak Welsh," said the surveyor."NO!" yelled the official at the old man before him."Tamn it all; his language, man!" shouted Dan. "What you expect in Wales - Chinese, or what?!
Debasish Mridha|You are my love, you are my light, you are my blue sky, when I am vanishing in you only then I can fly.
Robert Duchnik, jQuery Plugin Development In 30 Minutes|If you want to do a few small things right, do them yourself. If you want to do great things and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
Emily Henry, The Love That Split the World|I don't believe in love at first sight but maybe this is as close as it gets: seeing someone, a person you have no business loving, on a football field one night and thinking, I want you to be mine and I want to be yours. Lying on a closet floor with someone and thinking, I shouldn't know you but I do. Recognizing someone as a part of you before they've even become that person in your life, and knowing, without a doubt, that neither of you will ever be who you are in this exact moment ever again and believing, against all odds, you will continue to belong to one another despite that.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Sometimes in the great soundtrack of our lives there are no words, there are only emotions; I believe this is why God gave us classical music.
bell hooks|The power of patriarchy has been to make maleness feared and to make men feel that it is better to be feared that to be loved. Whether they can confess this or not, men know that just is not true.
Junior Seau|I've teamed up with one of the headmasters at Eton College, and we're spearheading a kind of 'slow education movement in Britain'. It's based on this idea of moving away from the fast-food approach to learning and going to something deeper, more woolly, harder to measure.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Hymn of the Universe|Blessed be you, mighty matter, irresistible march of evolution, reality ever newborn; you who, by constantly shattering our mental categories, force us to go ever further and further in our pursuit of the truth.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|This could be a whole life," she thought. "You work eight hours a day covering wires to earn money to buy food and to pay for a place to sleep so that you can keep living to come back to cover more wires. Some people are born and kept living just to come to this...
Kim Jong-un|There's very little proof that Obama or anyone in his administration - particularly Hillary Clinton - truly understands or believes the tenets in the U.S. Constitution or the Declaration of Independence. If they did, they would know that they are running a federal government in direct contradiction to both of those sacred documents.
Magda Alexander, Storm Redemption|He pulls me into the steel of his chest. In between kissing me, he whispers, “You don’t have to be jealous of them, you know. None of them hold a candle to you.
Joshua Foer, Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything|Once upon a time, this idea of having a trained, disciplined, cultivated memory was not nearly so alien as it would seem to us to be today.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|What makes awe such a powerful call to love is that it’s disruptive. It sneaks up on us. It doesn’t ask our permission to wow us; it just does. Awe can arise from a single glance, a sound, a gesture.
James Weldon Johnson, The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man|In the end, after kingdoms and armies had fallen, the religions were still fighting, weren't they?
Will Rogers|Even if you are on the right track, but just sit there, you will still get run over.
Edwin Grant Conklin|The principal result of my investigation is that a uniform developmental principle controls the individual elementary units of all organisms, analogous to the finding that crystals are formed by the same laws in spite of the diversity of their forms.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|Nothing made you realize how much you’d been ignoring your heart, until someone came along and smacked it awake simply by existing.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You need to decide what works for you. But ultimately, hold out for adoration and respect
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|She is trying to control me with fear, because she cannot control me any other way.My eyes open wide. They burn as if they are on fire—no, as if they are made of fire. Eyes are the window to the soul.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The way to embody love completely is to see and appreciate life just as it is, and not as you believe, fear, or desire it to be.
my friend|Raphael met Michaela's gaze. "If you could kill every single beautiful woman in the world, would you?"Her smile never faded. "In an instant.
Alfred Noyes, Collected Poems Complete|Stand like a beaten anvil, when thy dreamIs laid upon thee, golden from the fire.Flinch not, though heavily through that furnace-gleamThe black forge-hammers fall on thy desire.Demoniac giants round thee seem to loom.'Tis but the world-smiths heaving to and fro.Stand like a beaten anvil. Take the doomTheir ponderous weapons deal thee, blow on blow.Needful to truth as dew-fall to the flowerIs this wild wrath and this implacable scorn.For every pang, new beauty, and new power,Burning blood-red shall on thy heart be born.Stand like a beaten anvil. Let earth's wrongBeat on that iron and ring back in song.
Asti Hustvedt, The Decadent Reader: Fiction, Fantasy, and Perversion from Fin-de-Siècle France|Adornment, exoticism, affectation are all willed decadent strategies meant to pervert the texts they made. Decadent texts often live in their descriptive excursions, in their evocation of dreams, mysterious places and states of mind, in their excess of words, not events. The surface of the texts, the sound of the words, point to themselves as manufactured, as illusion. The decadents attempted to create texts that announced themselves as artifice.
Edward Everett Hale|What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.
Julene Bair, The Ogallala Road: A Memoir of Love and Reckoning|One of my professors in college used to say As the wise man said, Do or do not, there is no try, but the advice columns generally say the opposite. If someone promises to try, and you're happy with that, don't push. It can backfire. You can get yourself in a lot of trouble asking for too much.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|I have always had more dread of a pen, a bottle of ink, and a sheet of paper than of a sword or pistol.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Can you really ask what reason Pythagoras had for abstaining from flesh? For my part I rather wonder both by what accident and in what state of soul or mind the first man did so, touched his mouth to gore and brought his lips to the flesh of a dead creature, he who set forth tables of dead, stale bodies and ventured to call food and nourishment the parts that had a little before bellowed and cried, moved and lived. How could his eyes endure the slaughter when throats were slit and hides flayed and limbs torn from limb? How could his nose endure the stench? How was it that the pollution did not turn away his taste, which made contact with the sores of others and sucked juices and serums from mortal wounds? … It is certainly not lions and wolves that we eat out of self-defense; on the contrary, we ignore these and slaughter harmless, tame creatures without stings or teeth to harm us, creatures that, I swear, Nature appears to have produced for the sake of their beauty and grace. But nothing abashed us, not the flower-like tinting of the flesh, not the persuasiveness of the harmonious voice, not the cleanliness of their habits or the unusual intelligence that may be found in the poor wretches. No, for the sake of a little flesh we deprive them of sun, of light, of the duration of life to which they are entitled by birth and being.
Silvia Hartmann|The more loving we can be, the more powerful we become.
Renata Adler, Speedboat|Well we can't be having that. One person starts having fun and it turns into an epidemic. Difficult to stop that kind of thing, you know.
S.C. Barrus|No one is as brave, as adventurous or as skillful as D'Artagnan, without at the same time being inclined to be a dreamer.
David Rangel, Evan the Christmas Elf: Ghost Hunter|Eating a huge home cooked Christmas dinner was his personal favorite. Evan would look around after each Christmas Day was done. There were empty dishes, and torn up wrapping paper on the ground. Monty was passed out on the couch stuffed with food. Evan would close his eyes and hear the day. He could feel the memories that were just made.
Harold Edmund Stearns, Liberalism in America: Its Origin, Its Temporary Collapse, Its Future|I grant men the land, the government, the wealth, all the chances. I accept that you have to hold all the cards, since that's the only way you know how to play; but I refuse to swallow your disrespect.
Deyth Banger|If your hands don't find something they can do, they will find a reason to find that which they can't do
Earle Gray|The essence of the charge made against the modern high-status ideal is that it is guilty of effecting a gigantic distortion of priorities, of elevating to the highest level of achievement a process of material accumulation that should instead be only one of many factors determining the direction of our lives under a more truthful, more broadly defined conception of ourselves.
Annie Dillard, The Maytrees|Halved. That was every time. My laughter was for idiots, for their unjustifiable idiocy and for myself for an unrelenting conviction to them, for that unforgivable instance I leveled myself to them. At that awkward realization knowing I precisely was an idiot too, that was the time when I really began to laugh.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Let it shine, the light in you. Oh, and that's delighting me! Various colors shining through. Elated, it fills my soul with ecstasy.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|According to Adam One, the Fall of Man was multidimensional. The ancestral primates fell out of the trees; then they fell from vegetarianism into meat-eating. Then they fell from instinct into reason, and thus into technology; from simple signals into complex grammar, and thus into humanity; from firelessness into fire, and thence into weaponry; and from seasonal mating into an incessant sexual twitching. Then they fell from a joyous life in the moment into the anxious contemplation of the vanished past and the distant future.
Carolina Herrera|With my schedule being so crazy, I can't call every day or hang out with my friends like I used to and that's definitely sad.
Langston Hughes, Selected Poems|So since I'm still here livin',I guess I will live on.I could've died for love--But for livin' I was born.
Ned Hayes, Sinful Folk|When we enter the world as a child, they say we are innocent. When we leave the world as an older adult, we have each experienced a mixture of life's sorrow and joys. The years bring diverse events and mindsets, clouding up our vision, so that we no longer see things as they are, but we view now with lenses of many different shapes, sizes and influential colors depending on life’s encounters. It is then, with this cleansing of your inner lens, that you figure out once again, who you are, resulting in numerous side trips, to rediscover your true self, possibly experiencing a reawakening. This sensational feeling of inner peace is unimaginable.
George Orwell|Religion is the organization of spirituality into something that became the hand maiden of conquerors. Nearly all religions were brought to people and imposed on people by conquerors, and used as the framework to control their minds.
George Bernard Shaw, Fanny's First Play|If laws were real they wouldn’t need to be enforced, because if they were real they couldn’t be broken. Try breaking the law of gravity. Now that’s a law. Laws made by man are rules reflecting the current status of his moral codes. As he alters and whittles away his morality, casting bits and pieces aside, his codes change to reflect it.
Steven Magee|Utility smart/AMR/AMI meters, cell phones and wi-fi are problem for people who do not want to get cancer, electromagnetic radiation (EMR) sickness, or Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) in the future.
Unarine Ramaru|She had come to understand that American parenting was a juggling of anxieties, and that it came with having too much food: a sated belly gave Americans time to worry that their child might have a rare disease that they had just read about, made them think they had the right to protect their child from disappointment and want and failure. A sated belly gave Americans the luxury of praising themselves for being good parents, as if caring for one's child was the exception rather than the rule.
Anne Hébert, Kamouraska|I steal a glance when no one is looking. Especially at his neck, when he turns to say something to my mother. That slender neck, with its air of determination, brisk and bold…
Emmie White, Captive|... even in his most artificial creations, nature is the material upon which man has to work; certain spots will persist in remaining surrounded by the vassals of their own special sovereignty, and will raise their immemorial standards among all the 'laid-out' scenery of a park, just as they would have done far from any human interference, in a solitude which must everywhere return to engulf them, springing up out of the necessities of their exposed position, and superimposing itself upon the work of man's hands.
Hubert Martin|She was an echo masquerading as a shadow and she followed me just the same. The night and its moon were her favor while the sunrise and sunlight the daggers that sliced her to ribbons. She looked through half closed eyes at a blind world filled with wide eyes staring at walls. She felt pity with no care while around here steamed a burden too dense to bear. In the hours before dawn her tears slide to her jaw as a soft song escapes from between her cracked lips. A barbed song of glory and woe that hugs her tight and steals her breath, each line a quiver, every word a bind. A cage in her image meant to be broken. Destroy and recreate, scar after scar shallow and deep, her dreams were her life and the nightmares her sleep. Dark circles under eyes that truly see, time while awake moves more slowly. It trickles past her, eroding her being and pulling on her delicate seams. She unravels a little each day, tucking the threads back in every which way. In the night she is flawless and clear, the moonlight dancing in swirls, throwing half formed monograms against her wall. She traces these curves and whispers her story, an imprint in an ocean of churning shadows. Her imagination plays a scene of a teary-eyed embrace on the shores of a former dream, where droplets of her soul fell wildly below, where they and her became a part of a much larger whole. A smile rips her taunt and clenched face, the memory of the feeling of an unreal embrace. She holds herself tightly in a corner with no light and shudders with every pinprick of the downpour of night. Though muffled by the glass of her self imposed flask, she hears the birds singing their song, the natural alarm of impending light. She waits patiently for the sun, counting the half seconds and making time slow, her grey eyes less than aimless and staring at the clouds. With half closed eyes now shining a golden haloed blue, she watches the sky change colors from soft to brilliant hue. The flood of life and color takes her by surprise every day and which way. The rip cuts a little more, her restless thoughts take note and pause. She just wants to scream. To swallow the vibrant light and flood her veins with all the color ever seen, a strange desire to fix what is broken and yet wanting to break. She loses count of the seconds in the wrinkles of her palms, mere dust to wind, ashes to gale. She recites the deadly seven and stops at lust, how different from love while still the same in a twisted way. Her knees press against the worn, wooden floor with no intent to pray, she just wants the numbness and the pain. There are some things right and a few that are wrong, feeling the breath of freedom tapered against the need to belong, The sun now vomits its light across the cragged horizon, illuminating manmade lines and verdurous fuzz, her rip widens in distaste and her mind frowns in disgust. Her heart hangs limp as a shattered mirror reflecting its own cracks, each inaudible beat a glimmer of a glimpse of something more than her created deceit. This is hope. In a fragile and faceted way, the reflects are abyss and ascension portrayed intertwined with no ties holding them together. She is the half second of the transition of the beat, the moment her heart begins to flex and show more than bones and maneuverable meat. She wonders about the subtle difference between spirit and soul and whether she needs only one or both to be whole. Shaking her head as if to dislodge her thoughts, they steer from the tracks and tumble and crash, destruction and turmoil birthing creation and a new path. She thinks about the way she thinks and comes full triangle, it feels right to be so jagged rather than unburdened as a circle. With a sigh and a breath, she stands against the weight of her shoulders and the unbalance of her feet. Her half closed eyes slowly fade to grey as the light and color in the sky changes and decays. She is the moments before the sun rises and sets-1-2-3
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|You like them," I realized.Noah's eyebrows lifted in question."Like as people.""As opposed to...furniture?""They're my PARENTS.""That is my understanding, yes.
Tess Alley, The Divinity Bureau|When life breaks you down, you have two choices. You can either leave the pieces on the floor... or you can rebuild yourself so that you’re stronger than before.
Somi Ekhasomhi, Always Yours|There was an electric buzzing sound that was constantly on, acting as background music like a million cicadas in the forest. A constant white noise.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Faith or Worry. Pick one, because you can't have both.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Becuse God loves us, but the devil takes an interest.
John L. Monk, Kick|Luck is not fate. Believe it or not, it's largely an attitude.
Eoin Colfer|She forces me to endure this ridiculous therapy, when the so-called counselors are little better than misguided do-gooders with degrees.-Artemis Fowl
Virginia Euwer Wolff, Make Lemonade|Until you have stood in another woman’s stilettos, you will never begin to know the year of pain she felt breaking them in.
Hans Jonas|Christ's miracles were not the suspension of the natural order but the restoration of the natural order. They were a reminder of what once was prior to the fall and a preview of what will eventually be a universal reality once again--a world of peace and justice, without death, disease, or conflict.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|When we make the decisions to be and stay in love, we should also make a decision and commitment to be supportive.
Kelly Wearstler|If a course needs to be in great condition to be played effectively, then the design strategy is flawed.
Steve Martin|If you've got a dollar and you spend 29 cents on a loaf of bread, you've got 71 cents left; But if you've got seventeen grand and you spend 29 cents on a loaf of bread, you've still got seventeen grand. There's a math lesson for you.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|As a result of his experiments he concluded that imitation was a real evil that had to be broken before real rhetoric teaching could begin. This imitation seemed to be an external compulsion. Little children didn’t have it. It seemed to come later on, possibly as a result of school itself.That sounded right, and the more he thought about it the more right it sounded. Schools teach you to imitate. If you don’t imitate what the teacher wants you get a bad grade. Here, in college, it was more sophisticated, of course; you were supposed to imitate the teacher in such a way as to convince the teacher you were not imitating, but taking the essence of the instruction and going ahead with it on your own. That got you A’s. Originality on the other hand could get you anything – from A to F. The whole grading system cautioned against it.
Anthony Liccione|When eyes have died in its gaze, know the heart had died in its blaze.
Alanea Alder, My Savior|Defeat is in the mind, if you think you have been defeated then you have lost, but if you believe they have won just one battle in the war, then you are the one who is truly ahead. Never give up, never give in, that is the way to win the war.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|The creature was weeping, and who could blame it, as hideous and abject and lonely as it was? But its tears, Hannah perceived suddenly, didn't just spring from wretchedness. They were also tears of relief, because it was alive, because it had survived another day. How could anything be grateful for such an existence? And yet, this creature was, and when it saw itself and knew that it wanted to live in spite of everything, it wept even harder, sobbing inconsolably until it was depleted.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|To be honest, going out with Ed after Josh is like moving on to Duchy Originals super-tasty seeded loaf after plastic white bread. (I don't mean to be rude about Josh. And I didn't realize it at the time. But it is. He is. Plastic white bread.)
Shelique Lize, Velicious|Studying the rule of law won't make a great litigator. It is the act of trying cases in real courtrooms with real plaintiffs and defendants and judges and juries, week after week and year after year that develops lawyers into top trial attorneys. ― Marian Deegan
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Positive energy is unleashed when leaders give themselves permission to connect and express themselves from the core of who they are. When leaders practice authenticity, creativity, engagement, confidence, and a sense of inner resourcefulness emerge.
Zac Efron|I think sometimes I guess you see records, say you want to get there and use that as motivation. In a way, it's kind of cool if there is a possibility to rewrite history and be up there with the greats of Olympic history.
Bill Hicks|No matter how much you nourish, the flower blossoms in its own time. Just like people.
Jon Stewart|Thomas Jefferson once said: 'Of course the people don't want war. But the people can be brought to the bidding of their leader. All you have to do is tell them they're being attacked and denounce the pacifists for somehow a lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country.' I think that was Jefferson. Oh wait. That was Hermann Goering. Shoot."[Hosting the Peabody Awards for broadcasting excellence at the New York Waldorf-Astoria, June 6, 2006]
A.D. Miller|She threw one leg over his and straddled his lap, then reached under herself and found him again.He tore his mouth from hers. “Wait.”“No.” She looked him frankly in the eyes. “I don’t care if you spill at once. I need you inside me now.”His beautiful eyes widened and then narrowed. “You’ll not always hold the reins, my lady.”She smiled sweetly. “Naturally not, but I do now.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|Males of all species are made for wooing females, and females typically choose among their suitors.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Wait Till Next Year|• you should improve your character, because it's belong to your destiny ♥
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|He was nothing but a conduit, after all, and there isn't a culvert in the world that remembers the water flowed through it once the rain has stopped.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|And a woman by herself is missing a man, while a man by himself is his own master. Trousers. That's the secret. Trousers and a pair of socks. I never dreamed it was like this. Put on trousers and the world changes. We walk different. We act different. I see these girls and I think: Idiot's Get yourself some trousers!
Peter  Rogers, Straight A at Stanford and on to Harvard|I'm generally quite happy until someone tells me I'm not. I don't see how they know I'm not, but suddenly I feel less happy.
Lauren Oliver, Liesl & Po|People need other people to feel things for them," she said. "It gets lonely to feel things all by yourself.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|She sat still, I thought, and yet she traveled. And when one stitches, the mind travels, not the way men do, with ax and oxen through the wilderness, but surely our traveling counted too, as motion. And I thought of the patience of the stitches. Writing a book, I thought, which men often do, but women only rarely, has the posture of sewing. One hand leads, and the other hand helps. And books, like quilts, are made, one word at a time, one stitch at a time.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|And this is what she wants to do to people. Let them have their own lives, until she wants them. Give them the strength of giants, but not the power to control it.
Pushpa Ranana|I am a guy," I say."And I hate boys," she says."But a guy's different," I say."Maybe a little," she says.
John Morton, Trauma, Dissociation and Multiplicity: Working on Identity and Selves|In this chapter I restrict myself to exploring the nature of the amnesia which is reported between personality states in most people who are diagnosed with DID. Note that this is not an explicit diagnostic criterion, although such amnesia features strongly in the public view of DID, particularly in the form of the fugue-like conditions depicted in ﬁlms of the condition, such as The Three Faces of Eve (1957). Typically, when one personality state, or ‘alter’, takes over from another, they have no idea what happened just before. They report having lost time, and often will have no idea where they are or how they got there. However, this is not a universal feature of DID. It happens that with certain individuals with DID, one personality state can retrieve what happened when another was in control. In other cases we have what is described as ‘co-consciousness’ where one personality state can apparently monitor what is happening when another personality state is in control and, in certain circumstances, can take over the conversation.
Thrity Umrigar, The Story Hour|I am not ascare to die. I am only ascare that after death I be alone. Maybe because of suicide, I go to the hell? If hell all hot and crowded and noiseful, like Christian minister on TV say, then I not care because it will be just like India. But if hell cold and quiet, with lot of snow and leaf-empty trees, and people who smile with string-thin lips, then I ascare. Because it seems so much like my life in Am'rica.
Barry López, About This Life|Up there in that room, as I see it, is the reading and the thinking-through, a theory of rivers, of trees moving, of falling light. Here on the river, as I lurch against a freshening of the current, is the practice of rivers. In navigating by the glow of the Milky Way, the practice of light. In steadying with a staff, the practice of wood.
Linda Morris, High Heat|No relationship comes with a guarantee, but I’d rather fail with you than succeed with anyone else.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|I should like one day, as some anonymous pedestrian revisiting the scenes of these memories, to follow on the heels of an attentive reader - here are some - and to relish his delight when, with this book in his pocket, he finds himself in the presence of one of the characters described, mentioned or referred to earlier on, who do exist, large as life, and wittingly or not perpetuate their legend. I’d like people to investigate, to verify. You need to be an extremely well-informed reader to identify all the ‘keys’ scattered throughout these pages. Many readers may find among them the key to their own front door.In any case, what you need to know is this: in certain areas of Paris, the supernatural is part of everyday life. Local people accept this and have some involvement with it.
Natasha Larry|Spiritual assets make us more resilient to the trauma and difficult experiences life inevitably throws at us.Since spiritual assets bring us closer to our Higher Power, we do not face the difficulties alone, and we may find a greater purpose and meaning within the stress & trauma. When we lean on our spiritual assets to get us through, the traumatic event becomes less destructive. Instead, it becomes transformative; we see the difficulties in a new light.
René Girard|The experience of death is going to get more and more painful, contrary to what many people believe. The forthcoming euthanasia will make it more rather than less painful because it will put the emphasis on personal decision in a way which was blissfully alien to the whole problem of dying in former times. It will make death even more subjectively intolerable, for people will feel responsible for their own deaths and morally obligated to rid their relatives of their unwanted presence. Euthanasia will further intensify all the problems its advocates think it will solve.
Pete Morin|I only accept and pay attention to feedback from people who are also in the arena. If you're occasionally getting your butt kicked as you respond, and if you're also figuring out how to stay open to feedback without getting pummeled by insults, I'm more likely to pay attention to your thought about my work. If, on the other hand, you're not helping, contributing, or wrestling with your own gremlins, I'm not at all interested in your commentary.
Doris Lessing, Under My Skin: Volume One of My Autobiography, to 1949|Women often get dropped from memory, and then history.
John Perry Barlow|Just as TurboTax simplified much of the tax process, so has the colossally scary legal process been reduced to a kinder, gentler series of mouse clicks and 'Continue' buttons by LegalZoom, the online leader that has become so prominent in its market that it's practically a generic.
Ringo Starr|I was never really sure what I wanted to do - I'm in awe of these people who knew at age 10 or 12 they wanted to be a brain surgeon, and they did it, and they still are.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|I'm the hero of this story, I don't need to be saved
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Paper money in time of war, the new notes will first go into the pockets of the war contractors. 'As a result, these persons' demands for certain articles will increase and so also the price and the sale of these articles, but especially in so far as they are luxury articles. Thus the position of the producers of these articles will be improved, their demand for other commodities will also increase, and thus the increase of prices and sales will go on, distributing itself over a constantly augmented number of articles, until at last it has reached them all.
Louis Zamperini|I desired to become a Christian, and prayed earnestly for the forgiveness of my sins. I felt a peace of mind resulting, and loved every one, feeling desirous that all should have their sins forgiven, and love Jesus as I did.
Matisyahu|Life will go on without you, because in the end it's not about you.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|So the day became one of waiting, which was, he knew, a sin: moments were to be experienced; waiting was a sin against both the time that was still to come and the moments one was currently disregarding. (Quindi il giorno divenne un giorno d'attesa, cosa che era, lo sapeva bene, un peccato: i momenti devono essere sperimentati; aspettare è un peccato contro il tempo che deve ancora venire e contro gli istanti presenti che vengono trascurati.)
Michael A. Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|To attain true inner freedom, you must be able to objectively watch your problems instead of being lost in them... Once you've made the commitment to free yourself of the scared person inside, you will notice that there is a clear decision point at which your growth takes place.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|I didn't even feel my face hitting the pond. Everything was darkness, glorious darkness and the final, perfect absence of pain. It was done, all of it, the running and the fighting, and the pain. After everything that I'd gone through, it was finally over, and this time, the water would carry me home.
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|She started naming the fish. 'Loppy, Troppy, Hoppy, Soppy, Boppy, Floppy, Moppy and Roppy.
Reynolds Price|It's difficult for me to meet women because my crowd is much older. I know that for some of the young women I do meet, a relationship with me can be envisioned as a benefit to their career.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|Considering how much we are all given to discuss the characters of others, and discuss them often not in the strictest spirit of charity, it is singular how little we are inclined to think that others can speak ill-naturedly of us, and how angry and hurt we are when proof reaches us that they have done so. It is hardly too much to say that we all of us occasionally speak of our dearest friends in a manner in which those dearest friends would very little like to hear themselves mentioned, and that we nevertheless expect that our dearest friends shall invariably speak of us as though they were blind to all our faults, but keenly alive to every shade of our virtues.
Martin Luther|Preach [and live] as if Jesus was crucified yesterday, rose from the dead today, and is returning tomorrow.
Matthew Pearl, The Dante Club|If now we attend to ourselves on occasion of any transgression of duty, we shall find that we in fact do not will that our maxim should be universal law, for that is impossible for us; on the contrary, we will that the opposite should remain a universal law, only we assume the liberty of making an exception in our own favor or (just for this time only) in favor of our inclination. Consequently, if we considered all cases from one and the same point of view, namely, that of reason, we should find a contradiction in our own will, namely, that a certain principle should be objectively necessary as a universal law, and yet subjectively should not be universal, but admit of exceptions. As, however, we at one moment regard our action from the point of view of a will wholly conformed to reason, and then again look at the same action from the point of view of a will affected by inclination, there is not really any contradiction, but an antagonism of inclination to the precept of reason, whereby the universality of the principle is changed into mere generality, so that the practical principle of reason shall meet the maxim half way. Now, although this cannot be justified in our own impartial judgement, yet it proves that we do really recognize the validity of the categorical imperative and (with all respect for it) only allow ourselves a few exceptions which we think unimportant and forced from us.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|I am convinced that imprisonment is a way of pretending to solve the problem of crime. It does nothing for the victims of crime, but perpetuates the idea of retribution, thus maintaining the endless cycle of violence in our culture. It is a cruel and useless substitute for the elimination of those conditions--poverty, unemployment, homelessness, desperation, racism, greed--which are at the root of most punished crime. The crimes of the rich and powerful go mostly unpunished.It must surely be a tribute to the resilience of the human spirit that even a small number of those men and women in the hell of the prison system survive it and hold on to their humanity.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|No, we weren't lovers, but in a way we had opened ourselves to each other even more deeply than lovers do. The thought caused me a good deal of grief. What a terrible thing it is to wound someone you really care for - and to do it so unconsciously.
Luke F.D. Marsden, Wondering, the Way is Made: A South American Odyssey|The places we visited were always richer and always more intricate than one could imagine. I loved to find out about the world, the good and the bad, in this way. For me, observing things with my own eyes was the only way. My wanderlust was also a wonderlust.
Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz|I lied. I do that, you know, when it suits me. I would have thought you'd realized that by now.
Simon Conway Morris|I think coldness is chic among writers, and particularly ironic coldness. What is absolutely not allowable is sadness. People will do anything rather than to acknowledge that they are sad.
Rupert Brooke|Be brave, young lovers, and follow your star.
Dean Devlin|I didn't want kabobs, Afghan music, and rules that required girls to be carefully monitored. I wanted mac and cheese, country music, and independence.
Malorie Blackman|I design for the movie and the character as well as the person wearing the costume. I show the ideas to the actor, then do fittings for shape and technical things such as movement in the costume. Once the costume in this form is on the actor, you have a sense of their connection with it. I then take it to the next level with the final fit.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|When we limit ourselves by being the person we “should” be, we limit our aliveness. We may achieve success but not fulfillment because we are not living out all the important truths about ourselves, truths we need to slow down to excavate.
John Cleese|It's not the despair, Laura. I can take the despair. It's the hope I can't stand. ~ Brian Stimpson, Clockwise 
Robert Jordan, The Fires of Heaven|Waiting turns men into bears in a barn, and women into cats in a sack.
Jalaluddin Rumi|In AA we don’t come to God through theology but through experience, mostly of the humbling and humiliating variety, often reluctantly, and sometimes even kicking and screaming. – p. 179
Eugene H. Peterson, Under the Unpredictable Plant an Exploration in Vocational Holiness|There's not enough wrong with it to leave and there's just enough wrong with it to stay," Matthew later told me. "Fight to change it.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|As we open our energy channels, we can cease the process of searching for love and begin the process of becoming an actual channel for love, allowing the force that drives the growth of flowers, summer rain, autumn wind, and winter snow to flow through us at the cellular level.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I and the girl in the picture have ceased to be the same person. I am her outcome, the result of the life she once lived headlong; whereas she, if she can be said to exist at all, is composed only of what I remember. I have the better view - I can see her clearly, most of the time. But even if she knew enough to look, she can't see me at all.
Peter H. Fogtdal, The Tsar's Dwarf|What was it Danilov told me before I left? Something about how one day I would stand at a crossroads where I could choose the Light, which illuminated the sky with its warmth and golden glow - or the Darkness, which at first seemed soothing and inviting, but which would consume me in its flames. But do I have to wait for that crossroads? Isn't it present at every moment of my life?
Tori Amos|You could have all the crazy thoughts you wanted, as long as you smiled and kept them to yourself.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Clary made fun of him about his new look; but, then, Clary found everything about Simon's love life borderline hilarious.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|The best way that a man could test his readiness to encounter the common variety of mankind would be to climb down a chimney into any house at random, and get on as well as possible with the people inside. And that is essentially what each one of us did on the day that he was born.
Jodi Lynn Anderson|I think we could be friends," he said, falling into step with her. "It's perfect because I wouldn't fall in love with you, like I do with the mermaids. Girls always seem so exotic. But it would be okay with you, because you're more like...you know. Not like a girl." He shrugged.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|For me and most of the other writers I know, writing is not rapturous. In fact, the only way I can get anything written at all is to write really, really shitty first drafts.
Ben Marcus, Leaving the Sea|Whether through grains, beans, or even fruit, there’s plenty of protein in a plant-strong diet. We only need 5-8% of our calories from protein, and since protein is the one macronutrient that we can’t store, when you get above 15% it either stores as fat or we excrete it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must become conscious of what you are doing per time.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Fantasy Lover|I'm never one, distinct color but a dichotomy of dark and bright. The hues follow me, reflecting my mood, displaying every tone and shade I feel. I can breathe in red and exhale blue, or swim in green and dry as a rainbow. It all depends on how I choose to react to every shadow and light beam headed my way.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a politician obtained a great wealth after he has been elected, his being an immoral corrupt man is not a possibility but it is a self-evident reality!
Wendy Owens, The Shield Prophecy|He didn't know Rachel very well, but assumed her behavior would be similar to most women he encountered. As soon as he stepped foot inside she would attack, not allowing him to get in a word. At least that was what he imagined.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Winter in the soul is by no means a comfortable season: but there is this comfort, namely, that the Lord makes it.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Like most people, when I look back, the family house is held in time, or rather it is now outside of time, because it exists so clearly and it does not change, and it can only be entered through a door in the mind. 	I like it that pre-industrial societies, and religious cultures still, now, distinguish between two kinds of time – linear time, that is also cyclical because history repeats itself, even as it seems to progress, and real time, which is not subject to the clock or the calendar, and is where the soul used to live. This real time is reversible and redeemable. It is why, in religious rites of all kinds, something that happened once is re-enacted – Passover, Christmas, Easter, or, in the pagan record, Midsummer and the dying of the god. As we participate in the ritual, we step outside of linear time and enter real time. 	Time is only truly locked when we live in a mechanised world. Then we turn into clock-watchers and time-servers. Like the rest of life, time becomes uniform and standardised. 	When I left home at sixteen I bought a small rug. It was my roll-up world. Whatever room, whatever temporary place I had, I unrolled the rug. It was a map of myself. Invisible to others, but held in the rug, were all the places I had stayed – for a few weeks, for a few months. On the first night anywhere new I liked to lie in bed and look at the rug to remind myself that I had what I needed even though what I had was so little. 	Sometimes you have to live in precarious and temporary places. Unsuitable places. Wrong places. Sometimes the safe place won’t help you. 	Why did I leave home when I was sixteen? It was one of those important choices that will change the rest of your life. When I look back it feels like I was at the borders of common sense, and the sensible thing to do would have been to keep quiet, keep going, learn to lie better and leave later. 	I have noticed that doing the sensible thing is only a good idea when the decision is quite small. For the life-changing things, you must risk it. 	And here is the shock – when you risk it, when you do the right thing, when you arrive at the borders of common sense and cross into unknown territory, leaving behind you all the familiar smells and lights, then you do not experience great joy and huge energy. 	You are unhappy. Things get worse. 	It is a time of mourning. Loss. Fear. We bullet ourselves through with questions. And then we feel shot and wounded. 	And then all the cowards come out and say, ‘See, I told you so.’ 	In fact, they told you nothing.
Avina Celeste|Shift your focus from your fears to your dreams. Let the love, passion and utter awesomeness of your dreams guide you through life.
Robert Murray McCheyne|One can say that Javert is our conscience. The ever lurking presence of the law and our own condemnation. The tension between who we were and who we are and who we can be. Javert represents that inescapable, shameful past that forever haunts and persues one's conscience. Javert is the man of the law, and... There are no surprises with the law. The principle of retribution is simple and monotonous, like Euclidean logic. It's closed to all alternatives and shut up against divine or human intervention... Indeed, Javert represents the merciless application of the law, the blind Justice that in the end is befuddled by hope and the possibility of redemption without punishment.
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|People today will have you believing life is a blank slate upon which you can write anything at all--this is poetic, even romantic. Unfortunately, it's also a lie, because life exists in, is bound by, shaped by, controlled by, and functions within a construct. Attempt to function outside that construct, or bend it to our will, or remove it completely, and you throw all of society into chaos. We're seeing that now.Like it or not, birds don't fly upside down...and neither can we.
Tyler Knott Gregson|I believein love at first sightbut I will always believe that the peoplewe lovewe have loved before.Many, many, many times beforeand when we stumblethrough grace and circumstance and that brilliant illusion of choiceto finally meet them again, we feel it fastereach time through.The one glance that set life alightis two sets of two eyesstaring through the layersof lifetimes and stolen glancesand first kisses and hands held;the brace against the weight and unrelenting tideof waiting.I believein love at first sightbut am not burdened with the misconceptionthat it's a first sightat all.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Envision life as you're juggling 6 balls. The balls are called faith, work, family, health, friends, and integrity. But one day, you realize that work is a rubber ball. If dropped, it will bounce back. The other 5 balls faith, family, health, friends, & integrity are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be surely scuffed, nicked, or even shattered. Grasp this concept and you will have the beginnings of balance in your life.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Of all our games, love's play is the only one which threatens to unsettle the soul...
Robin Alexander, Gift of Time|...I clutched her hand and pulled it to my chest. "Make me a promise, Reagan," I whispered. "Anything, name it." "If I ever treat you anything less than precious, promise that you'll tell me so and remind me of this conversation." "I promise, and promise me that you'll do the same." We linked our fingers as we did sitting in my car, which seemed like a lifetime ago. The feeling of that connection was the last thing I was aware of before we both drifted off to sleep.
George Gordon Byron|In secret we met -In silence I grieve,That thy heart could forget,Thy spirit deceive.If I should meet theeAfter long years,How should I greet thee? -With silence and tears
Kat Green, Strings|I'll marry that girl one day, you mark my words," Toby said.
Aditi Dufare, The Mysterious Night|Frequently in life, you have to take irrelevant paths in order to reach the correct destination.
Dalai Lama XIV|We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
Tracy Guzeman, The Gravity of Birds|He is a principled man, and compassionate, someone who will remind himself of your best qualities while struggling to forgive your worst. In short, he is a friend.
Kemi Sogunle|A threat should never be spoken, your enemy should not be told of your intentions. Either take decisive action or refrain from it, but never threaten
Lionel Suggs|Every time I think about that girl, my mind commits a sin.
Darell Hammond|Asia is still dominated by skyscrapers. I hope that, in European cities, it will become a declining trend. They were almost never necessary.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Have you really read all those books in your room?”Alaska laughing- “Oh God no. I’ve maybe read a third of ‘em. But I’m going to read them all. I call it my Life’s Library. Every summer since I was little, I’ve gone to garage sales and bought all the books that looked interesting. So I always have something to read.
Alan Paton, Ah But Your Land Is Beautiful|Has he written to you?''He writes frequently.''Shew me his letters this instant, I order you'; and M. de Renal added six feet to his stature.
Kimberlee Ann Bastian|When people say writers spend a lot of time staring, rather than writing, do not be fooled. A writer does not blankly stare. Instead, she sees everything before her. Millions of plotting paths, endless words to choose from, and every possible outcome. Writers see their world as it is, as it could be; as it will be. And in the end make it as it should be.
Lauren Barnholdt, One Night That Changes Everything|Something else is hurting you - that’s why you need pot or whiskey, or whips and rubber suits, or screaming music turned so fucking loud you can’t think.
Clive Sinclair|However British you may be, I am more British still.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|the happiest among us will be most altruistic, most distinct, most benevolent and most awkward to some of us in a way.
Pablo Tusset, The Best Thing That Can Happen to a Croissant|If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
Catherine Davis|After a TimeAfter a time, all losses are the same.One more thing lost is one thing less to lose;And we go stripped at last the way we came.Though we shall probe, time and again, our shame,Who lack the wit to keep or to refuse,After a time, all losses are the same.No wit, no luck can beat a losing game;Good fortune is a reassuring ruse:And we go stripped at last the way we came.Rage as we will for what we think to claim,Nothing so much as this bare thought subdues:After a time, all losses are the same.The sense of treachery--the want, the blame--Goes in the end, whether or not we choose,And we go stripped at last the way we came.So we, who would go raging, will go tameWhen what we have we can no longer use:After a time, all losses are the same;And we go stripped at last the way we came.
Anaea Lay, Writers of the Future Volume 30: The Best New Science Fiction and Fantasy of the Year|One ought to have some sort of transcendent realization that the world exists because the gods are trapped in the same abyss you've occupied for three years. It should be inspiring or comforting or, I don't know, cathartic.
H.G. Wells, The History of Mr. Polly|Feeling a little calmer?” she asked, leaning against the desk again.Dax snorted. “Mellow as anything. I’m ready to curl up and take a nap now. Don’t mind if I purr.
Kamaria G. Powell, What the F#@k is Enlightenment?|I didn't see life through your eyes. Sure, we have a different set of sight.
Mark F. LaMoure|It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make success your chosen target.
Balenti Peco Ramos|In tracking what people have to say about schooling, I notice that most of the conversation is about means, rarely about ends. . . It is as if we are a nation of technicians, consumed by our expertise in how something should be done, afraid or incapable of thinking about why.
Sandra Swartz|May my weakness not drive me to my knees in despair, but raise me up to You, Lord.
Amanda Coplin, The Orchardist|They were blessed, said Jane; they were going to give birth to themselves. It would be themselves they gave birth to, only better. That was why she and Della must work so hard to protect them, their children. In protecting the children Jane and Della would also (Jane explained this over and over again) save themselves—
Simone Biles|I've been very close to Konnan for many years now. I thank him for much of my success in this industry. He opened the doors for me in AAA, ECW, and WCW. I'm very thankful.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|When it comes to loving D/ s relationships, the three little words mostly likely to have a significant , positive, and lasting impact on your partner’s well-being is probably “I love you.” Once we venture beyond that simple three-word endearment, however, the competition gets much stiffer. If I had to predict a winner in the four little words category, I’d choose “I believe in you.” When a Dominant believes in his submissive, she eventually grows to believe in herself. That sort of empowerment is priceless beyond measure, and almost always bears sweet fruit.
Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well|You don't need treatment. The fever, inflammation, coughing, etc., constitute the healing process. Just get out of their way and permit them to complete their work. Don't try to 'aid' nature. She doesn't need your puny aid—she only asks that you cease interfering.
Ruth Haley Barton, Invitation to Solitude and Silence: Experiencing God's Transforming Presence|the silence people, hear everything.
Michael  Grant, Lies|He’s a murdering chud,” Zil was yelling.“What do you want to do? Lynch him?” Astrid demanded.That stopped the flow for a second as kids tried to figure out what “lynch” meant. But Zil quickly recovered.“I saw him do it. He used his powers to kill Harry.”“I was trying to stop you from smashing my head in!” Hunter shouted.“You’re a lying mutant freak!”“They think they can do anything they want,” another voice shouted.Astrid said, as calmly as she could while still pitching her voice to be heard, “We are not going down that path, people, dividing up between freaks and normals.”“They already did it!” Zil cried. “It’s the freaks acting all special and like their farts don’t stink.”That earned a laugh.“And now they’re starting to kill us,” Zil cried.Angry cheers.Edilio squared his shoulders and stepped into the crowd. He went first to Hank, the kid with the shotgun. He tapped him on the shoulder and said, “Give me that thing.”“No way,” Hank said. But he didn’t seem too certain.“You want to have that thing fire by accident and blow someone’s face off?” Edilio held his hand out. “Give it to me, man.”Zil rounded on Edilio. “You going to make Hunter give up his weapon? Huh? He’s got powers, man, and that’s okay, but the normals can’t have any weapon? How are we supposed to defend ourselves from the freaks?”“Man, give it a rest, huh?” Edilio said. He was doing his best to sound more weary than angry or scared. Things were already bad enough. “Zil, you want to be responsible if that gauge goes off and kills Astrid? You want to maybe give that some thought?”Zil blinked. But he said, “Dude, I’m not scared of Sam.”“Sam won’t be your problem, I will be,” Edilio snapped, losing patience. “Anything happens to her, I’ll take you down before Sam ever gets the chance.”Zil snorted derisively. “Ah, good little boy, Edilio, kissing up to the chuds. I got news for you, dilly dilly, you’re a lowly normal, just like me and the rest of us."“I’m going to let that go,” Edilio said evenly, striving to regain his cool, trying to sound calm and in control, even though he could hardly take his eyes off the twin barrels of the shotgun. “But now I’m taking that shotgun.”“No way!” Hank cried, and the next thing was an explosion so loud, Edilio thought a bomb had gone off. The muzzle flash blinded him, like camera flash going off in his face.Someone yelled in pain.Edilio staggered back, squeezed his eyes shut, trying to adjust. When he opened them again the shotgun was on the ground and the boy who’d accidentally fired it was holding his bruised hand, obviously shocked.Zil bent to grab the gun. Edilio took two steps forward and kicked Zil in the face. As Zil fell back Edilio made a grab for the shotgun. He never saw the blow that turned his knees to water and filled his head with stars.He fell like a sack of bricks, but even as he fell he lurched forward to cover the shotgun.Astrid screamed and launched herself down the stairs to protect Edilio.Antoine, the one who had hit Edilio, was raising his bat to hit Edilio again, but on the back swing he caught Astrid in the face.Antoine cursed, suddenly fearful. Zil yelled, “No, no, no!”There was a sudden rush of running feet. Down the walkway, into the street, echoing down the block.
LinDee Rochelle, Blast From Your Past!Rock & Roll Radio Djs: The First Five Years 1954 1959|Darling, you keep up that attitude and you’ll see how bad I can really be.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|That which he projects ahead of him as his ideal, is merely his substitute for the lost narcissism of his childhood - the time when he was his own ideal.
John Piper|This bastard was in a self-help program? For what? Square-jawed, cleft-chin sufferers? Handsome Bastards Anonymous?
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|But the guilty person is only one of the targets of punishment. For punishment is directed above all at others, at all the potentially guilty.
Iris Murdoch, Metaphysics as a Guide to Morals|Artists are indeed unlikely to be good, goodness would silence them.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|No rain but thunder, and the sound of giants.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Training moments occur when both parents and children do their jobs. The parent's job is to make the rule. The child's job is to break the rule. The parent then corrects and disciplines. The child breaks the rule again, and the parent manages the consequences and empathy that then turn the rule into reality and internal structure for the child.
Lexxie Couper, Steady Beat|An image flashed across her mind of two rams flinging their heads against each other on a rocky mountainside. What did the girl rams do? Faint with pleasure? Clap their cloven hooves? Lean against some nearby boulders, with little tubs of mountain grass, discussing the battle?
Marc Jacobs|I'm someone who's always on the go and crazy busy, so I like to keep snacks in my car and at the office, and Cracker Jack'd is a really yummy snack that I love. I definitely am a big snacker.
Petar Dunov|Stop in somebody's shadow to rest and cool down, and you are lost. No one can make anyone else happy.
Chris Nicolaisen, The Life and Death of the Ericsons|You want to know the secret to raising good kids?”“What’s that? asked Thomas.“High expectations.”Thomas laughed. “Alright, well what’s the secret to a happy marriage?”Clyde smiled back, but his face started to fall, and he chose his words carefully. “… Low expectations.
Marty Rubin|When it comes to living and loving, we're all amateurs.
Angie karan|With our friends, heartbreak is just a piece of cake.
David Brin|Beware of self-indulgence. The romance surrounding the writing profession carries several myths: that one must suffer in order to be creative; that one must be cantankerous and objectionable in order to be bright; that ego is paramount over skill; that one can rise to a level from which one can tell the reader to go to hell. These myths, if believed, can ruin you. If you believe you can make a living as a writer, you already have enough ego.
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|Any fear around ‘imperfection’ is a censoring of life now, and when we censor life we simply cannot sense our innate natural joy.
Hanya Yanagihara, The People in the Trees|For years afterward, I had dreams in which my mother appeared in strange forms, her features sewn onto other beings in combinations that seemed both grotesque and profound: as a slippery white fish at the end of my hook, with a trout’s gaping, sorrowful mouth and her dark, shuttered eyes; as the elm tree at the edge of our property, its ragged clumps of tarnished gold leaves replaced by knotted skeins of her black hair; as the lame gray dog that lived on the Mueller’s property, whose mouth, her mouth, opened and closed in yearning and who never made a sound. As I grew older, I came to realize that death had been easy for my mother; to fear death, you must first have something to tether you to life. But she had not. It was as if she had been preparing for her death the entire time I knew her. One day she was alive; the next, not.And as Sybil said, she was lucky. For what more could we presume to ask from death — but kindness?
Robert G. Ingersoll|I admit that reason is a small and feeble flame, a flickering torch by stumblers carried in the star-less night, -- blown and flared by passion's storm, -- and yet, it is the only light. Extinguish that, and nought remains.
Sam Wineburg|Texts on a lifeless strings of facts, but the keys to unlocking the character of human beings, people with likes and dislikes, diocese and foibles, errors and convictions. Words have texture and shape, and it is their almost tactile quality that leads readers to sculpt images of the writers who use them. These images are then interrogated, mocked, congratulated, or dismissed, depending on the context of the reading and the disposition of the reader.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.
Drew  Hayes, Split the Party|Ask yourself whether the problem will matter in a year or two. If not, it may be a trivial issue unworthy of your concern.
Christie Cote, Rain|There is a flaw to your plan.” A sly grin crept onto his face once again. My eyebrow arched at him questioningly.“I live across the street,” he told me; and, without another word, he turned around toward his house. Then I realized what he’d meant. I’d told my problems to a stranger I would probably see again.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without the intense touch of nature, you can never fully freshen yourself! Go for a camping and there both your weary mind and your exhausted body will rise like a morning sun!
Santosh Thankachan|When we aim for Holiness and a true fellowship of God in our own personal lives, then only we really understand what we actually stand for in our Christian life.
Neil Gaiman|It seems so long ago that he was last afraid of anything. Seventeen, was he then? Eighteen? Sometimes he thinks he's missing a lot by being like this - fear gives life a fillip. He wonders how it is he lost it all, and what there is - if anything - ever to bring it back. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Lourd de Veyra|And that is the problem with a society that doesn't read books. The most painful form of censorship does not come from a centralized, repressive government. It is a cast, black cloak of a nation's indifference.
Juliet Marillier, Tower of Thorns|You are a devious woman, Blackthorn,' she said. 'I prefer the term strategic thinker.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|I'll never be a non-stumbler. I'll be a forgiven stumbler, but never a non-stumbler.
Guus Kuijer, The Book of Everything|If it makes you happy, then you succeeded already.
D.A. Carson, The Gagging of God: Christianity Confronts Pluralism|In the moral realm, there is very little consensus left in Western countries over the proper basis of moral behavior. And because of the power of the media, for millions of men and women the only venue where moral questions are discussed and weighed is the talk show, where more often than not the primary aim is to entertain, even shock, not to think. When Geraldo and Oprah become the arbiters of public morality, when the opinion of the latest media personality is sought on everything from abortion to transvestites, when banality is mistaken for profundity because [it's] uttered by a movie star or a basketball player, it is not surprising that there is less thought than hype. Oprah shapes more of the nation's grasp of right and wrong than most of the pulpits in the land. Personal and social ethics have been removed from the realms of truth and structures of thoughts; they have not only been relativized, but they have been democratized and trivialized.
Jen Knox, The Glass City|An intelligent person can rationalize anything, a wise person doesn't try.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Never allow yourself to become despondent or weary, as you venture along life’s chosen path.
Kiera Cass|You cannot win everyday, but make sure u win, at-least once in a while.
Sebastian Rotella|To sit indoors was silly. I postponed the search for Savchenko and Ludmila till the next day and went wandering about Paris. The men wore bowlers, the women huge hats with feathers. On the café terraces lovers kissed unconcernedly - I stopped looking away. Students walked along the boulevard St. Michel. They walked in the middle of the street, holding up traffic, but no one dispersed them. At first I thought it was a demonstration - but no, they were simply enjoying themselves. Roasted chestnuts were being sold. Rain began to fall. The grass in the Luxembourg gardens was a tender green. In December! I was very hot in my lined coat. (I had left my boots and fur cap at the hotel.) There were bright posters everywhere. All the time I felt as though I were at the theatre. I have lived in Paris off and on for many years. Various events, snatches of conversation have become confused in my memory. But I remember well my first day there: the city electrified my. The most astonishing thing is that is has remained unchanged; Moscow is unrecognizable, but Paris is still as it was. When I come to Paris now, I feel inexpressibly sad - the city is the same, it is I who have changed. It is painful for me to walk along the familiar streets - they are the streets of my youth. Of course, the fiacres, the omnibuses, the steam-car disappeared long ago; you rarely see a café with red velvet or leather settees; only a few pissoirs are left - the rest have gone into hiding underground. But these, after all, are minor details. People still live out in the streets, lovers kiss wherever they please, no one takes any notice of anyone. The old houses haven't changed - what's another half a century to them; at their age it makes no difference. Say what you will, the world has changed, and so the Parisians, too, must be thinking of many things of which they had no inkling in the old days: the atom bomb, mass-production methods, Communism. But with their new thoughts they still remain Parisians, and I am sure that if an eighteen-year-old Soviet lad comes to Paris today he will raise his hands in astonishment, as I did in 1908: "A theatre!
Veronica Roth, The Transfer|And then they started deleting the protest reviews.That was my line. When they started to stamp out dissent, actually to make it disappear with virtually no excuse for doing so...that’s not neglect. That’s not an overwhelmed person or people trying to figure it out. That’s an entity that has decided that they do not care, that they have moved on from the issue, do not see it as an issue, and is trying to avoid bad press. Or they are too far down the line to backtrack on what they’ve been doing and save face. They’re content with their wildly inconsistent policy enough to no longer care what effect it is having on their user base. If you try to silence dissent, then something is very, very wrong.
Karl Rove|I'm from Iowa, we don't know what cool is!
John McPhee, Assembling California|Imperialism and exploitation,” he wrote, “spheres of influence, trade barriers, unequal distribution of the world's goods, starvation in the midst of plenty, slums with gold coasts next door, poverty supporting luxury: These are marks of an unChristian world.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Be still, my soul, be still; the arms you bear are brittle,Earth and high heaven are fixt of old and founded strong.Think rather,--call to thought, if now you grieve a little,The days when we had rest, O soul, for they were long.Men loved unkindness then, but lightless in the quarryI slept and saw not; tears fell down, I did not mourn;Sweat ran and blood sprang out and I was never sorry:Then it was well with me, in days ere I was born.Now, and I muse for why and never find the reason,I pace the earth, and drink the air, and feel the sun.Be still, be still, my soul; it is but for a season:Let us endure an hour and see injustice done.Ay, look: high heaven and earth ail from the prime foundation;All thoughts to rive the heart are here, and all are vain:Horror and scorn and hate and fear and indignation--Oh why did I awake? when shall I sleep again?
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|We are alone, absolutely alone on this chance planet; and amid all the forms of life that surround us, not one, excepting the dog has made an alliance with us.
Niall Ferguson|I’m a complicated man, with complicated taste buds.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.
Scott Simpson|For nearly four weeks, his family had been walking on eggshells around him, expecting him to fall apart at any moment and he was damn tired of it. He wished he could apart. Maybe it would hurt less if he could just say to hell with everything and find a corner to hide away in.
|In every given circumstance, only your repeated interpretations of it will determine whether it breaks you or makes you.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Halt," said Horace, "I've been thinking..."Halt and Will exchanged an amused glance. "Always a dangerous pastime," they chorused. For many years, it had been Halt's unfailing response when Will had made the same statement. Horace waited patiently while they had their moment of fun, then continued."Yes, yes. I know. But seriously, as we said last night, Macindaw isn't so far away from here...""And?" Halt asked, seeing how Horace had left the statement hanging."Well, there's a garrison there and it might not be a b ad idea for one of to go fetch some reinforcements. It wouldn't hurt to have a dozen knights and men-at-arms to back us up when we run into Tennyson."But Halt was already shaking his head."Two problems, Horace. It'd take too long for one of us to get there, explain it all and mobilize a force. And even if we could do it quickly, I don't think we'd want a bunch of knights blundering around the countryside, crashing through the bracken, making noise and getting noticed." He realized that statement had been a little tactless. "No offense, Horace. Present company excepted, of course.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Much of what we called "depression" was really dissatisfaction, a result of setting a bar impossibly high or expecting treasures we weren't willing to work for.
Chaka Khan|All I wanted to do was come into my own and find out my career path and what I wanted to do with my life - but, at the same time, showing respect to my father and mother and make them proud as well.
Kat Richardson, Greywalker|I think Wordsworth was as surprised to see me as I was him. It can't be usual to go to your favorite memory only to find someone already there, admiring the view ahead of you.
Diana Nyad, Find a Way|When we cuss each other out, call each other the vilest names on earth, and put each other down with thoughtless cruelty, it is the only way we know and the only language we have to express our ardent love for each other.
Geraldine Brooks, Caleb's Crossing|That there should be a reality hidden behind appearances is, after all, quite possible; that language might render such a thing would be an absurd hope.
James Dobson|The idea that Love Must Be Tough dictates that we be willing to set another person free- even if it causes us great pain to let go. When we do this, we maximize the chances that that loved one will not leave, because the cage door has been opened and self-respect has been affirmed.
Sudipto Zephyr Ghosh|I know ..you know .. Together, we know nothing.
Nick Cave|I’m forever near a stereo saying, ‘What the fuck is this garbage?’ And the answer is always the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|If writers only dared to dare, a Suetonius or a Tacitus of the Novel could exist, for the Novel is essentially the history of manners, turned into a story and a play, as is History itself often enough. And there is no other difference than this: that the one, the Novel, cloaks its manners under the disguise of invented characters, while the other, History, provides names and addresses. Only, the Novel probes much deeper than history. It has an ideal, and History has none; it is limited by reality. The Novel also holds the stage much longer. ("A Woman's Vengeance")
F.T. McKinstry, Ascarion|Hemlock's attentions had not only healed Aelfric's body of its wounds but also given him curious sensitivity. Aside from the voice in his mind, he felt things in the natural surroundings: the presence of beasts, the whispers of trees to the overcast skies, anger in the earth and sea. Ravens followed him around as they did wolves. And he had developed a rough ability to see in the dark.
Jim Highsmith, Agile Project Management: Creating Innovative Products|In fact, in an agile project, technical excellence is measured by both capacity to deliver customer value today and create an adaptable product for tomorrow.
William Makepeace Thackeray|hate isn't healthy, it damages the hater more than the one who's hated!
Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions|Hope is a slighter, tougher thing even than trust, he thought, pacing his room as the soundless, vague lightning flashed overhead. In a good season one trusts life; in a bad season one only hopes, But they are of the same essence: they are the mind's indispensable relationship with other minds, with the world, and with time. Without trust, a man lives, but not a human life; without hope, he dies. When there is no relationship, where hands do not touch, emotion atrophies in void and intelligence goes sterile and obsessed. Between men the only link left is that of owner to slave, or murderer to victim.
Christie Watson, Tiny Sunbirds, Far Away|His manners are old-fashioned, the work of a vigilant mother.
P.G. Wodehouse|May the merciful god, if indeed there be such, guard those hours when no power of the will, or drug that the cunning of man devises, can keep me from the chasm of sleep. Death is merciful, for there is no return therefrom, but with him who has come back out of the nethermost chambers of night, haggard and knowing, peace rests nevermore.
Marie Lu, Champion|I wish I had a hundred years," she said, very quietly. "A hundred years I could give to you.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|To make the fastest progress,Be an absolutely cheerfulHero-warriorAnd take both victory and failureAs parallel experience riversLeading to the sea Of progress-delight.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante, Three Trapped Tigers|Eating, drinking, dying - three primary manifestations of the universal and impersonal life. Animals live that impersonal and universal life without knowing its nature. Ordinary people know its nature but don't live it and, if they think seriously about it, refuse to accept it. An enlightened person knows it, lives it, and accepts it completely. He eats, he drinks, and in due course he dies - but he eats with a difference, drinks with a difference, dies with a difference.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|You know that old saying. Once you go dead, no one's better in bed.
Herbert Marcuse, Eros and Civilization: A Philosophical Inquiry into Freud|The psychoanalytic liberation of memory explodes the rationality of the repressed individual. As cognition gives way to re-cognition, the forbidden images and impulses of childhood begin to tell the truth that reason denies.
George MacDonald, Lilith|Some dreams, some poems, some musical phrases, some pictures, wake feelings such as one never had before, new in colour and form—spiritual sensations, as it were, hitherto unproved
Gen Urobuchi, 監視官 常守朱  1 [Kanshikan Akane Tsunemori]|Long before they had ever met, I think this destiny awaited them. They were not like ships passing in the night. It wasn't like they didn't understand each other. They understood each other better than anyone else, and each was focused solely on the other.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|She fitted in my arms, she always had, and the shock of holding her caused me to feel that my arms had been empty since she had been away.
Anne Lamott|Your problem is how you are going to spend this one and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
C. Nzingha Smith|We humans are imperfect, but what makes us human is not are kind but our courage to overcome fear, our ability to turn imagination into reality, our hope to diminish despair, and have a smile on our face although we in a predicament.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Your idea, talent, experience and certificates are not enough. What is needed is a strong passion for driving your idea, talent, experience and your certificates to success.
Aristotle, Poetics|With respect to the requirement of art, the probable impossible is always preferable to the improbable possible.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|Like silence after noise, or cool, clear water on a hot, stuffy day, Emptiness cleans out the messy mind and charges up the batteries of spiritual energy. Many people are afraid of Emptiness, however, because it reminds them of Loneliness.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Hi Lady, Hi Woman.., all that Naomi had, all that Mary had, all that Esther had, all that Elizabeth had, YOU ALSO HAVE... Go, make your dreams come true!
Harold S. Kushner, When Bad Things Happen to Good People|The dog next-door had settled down, and the neighbourhood seemed stunned by this event occurring in our backyard. It was like it could sense it. It could sense some form of tragedy and helplessness being played out, and to tell you the truth, it all surprised me. I was so used to things just going on, oblivious and ignorant to all feeling.
Jonathan R. Banks, A New World: The Science of Higher Dimensional Computation and Metaphysics|Science will provide the material basis for a spiritually mature technologically advanced civilisation, it will achieve its higher spiritual purpose of evolving all of humanity. No other spiritual, mystical or religious institution has ever been able to do this and never will.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|You're going to have to take care of yourself," Karrin said quietly. "Over the next few weeks. Rest. Give yourself a chance to heal. Keep the wound on your leg clean. Get to a doctor and get that arm into a proper cast. I know you can't feel it, but it's important that--"I stood, leaned over the bed, and kissed her on the mouth.Her words dissolved into a soft sound that vibrated against my lips. Then her good arm slid around my neck, and there wasn't any sound at all. It was a long kiss. A slow kiss. A good one. I didn't draw away until it came to its end. I didn't open my eyes for a moment after."...oh...," she said in a small voice. Her hand slid down my arm to lie upon mine."We do crazy things for love," I said quietly, and turned my hand over, fingers curling around hers.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, whoever you are, I am touching you and feeling you, not with my hand, but with my feelings and love.
Bill Watterson|I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.
Raheel Farooq|It is a rule in paleontology that ornamentation and complication precede extinction. And our mutation, of which the assembly line, the collective farm, the mechanized army, and the mass production of food are evidences or even symptoms, might well correspond to the thickening armor of the great reptiles—a tendency that can end only in extinction. If this should happen to be true, nothing stemming from thought can interfere with it or bend it. Conscious thought seems to have little effect on the action or direction of our species.
Becky Cooper, Mapping Manhattan: A Love (And Sometimes Hate) Story in Maps by 75 New Yorkers|I said, "It really didn't feel like a choice. Where else is there to go?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|You will die. You will not live forever. Nor will any man nor any thing. Nothing is immortal. But only to us is it given to know that we must die. And that is a great gift: the gift of selfhood. For we have only what we know we must lose, what we are willing to lose... That selfhood which is our torment, and our treasure, and our humanity, does not endure. It changes; it is gone, a wave on the sea. Would you have the sea grow still and the tides cease, to save one wave, to save yourself?
Dee Williams|Sorry, but despite how I look, I really love this planet.-Gintoki
Justin Buzzard, The Big Story: How the Bible Makes Sense out of Life|Each of us ought to be so happy that Jesus found us and saved us, that we are running to find the next person who needs to be introduced to Him. That's what church is, a community of rescued people celebrating grace, eager to spread the good news of grace and bring other people to the party.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Pain is strong, aye - but friends' eyes, more strong." I told him that he knows next to nothing about me & I know nothing about him. He jabbed at his eyes & jabbed at mine, as if that single gesture were ample explanation.
Charlotte Eriksson|Take a shower, wash off the day. Drink a glass of water. Make the room dark. Lie down and close your eyes.Notice the silence. Notice your heart. Still beating. Still fighting. You made it, after all. You made it, another day. And you can make it one more. You’re doing just fine.
Molly Harper|I think the very word stalking implies that you're not supposed to like it. Otherwise, it would be called 'fluffy harmless observation time'.
Alexander Zalan, Petals of Decades|I don't want to be memorized for everyone. I want to stay real,endless and inchangeable for my parents, kids and their descendants.
Suren Hakobyan, Edge of End|I can’t change my past, nobody can, I can make my future better
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|When we are looking for the unexpected, we are not only looking for the unexpected in ourselves, but we are also curious about the unexpected in the behavior of the others. So as to know the others, we have got to learn how and where they differ from us. By understanding this, we are able to establish an uplifting link with otherness. ( "Looking for the unexpected" )
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|We should get into the way of appearing lively in religion, more by being lively in the service of God and our generation than by the liveliness and forwardness of our tongues, and making a business of proclaiming on the house tops with our mouths the holy and eminent acts and exercises of our own hearts. Christians that are intimate friends would talk together of their experiences and comforts in a manner better becoming Christian humility and modesty, and more to each other's profit: their tongues not running before, but rather going behind their hands and feet, after the prudent example of the blessed apostle, 2 Cor. xii. 6. Many occasions of spiritual pride would thus be cut off, and so a great door shut against the devil. A great many of the main stumbling-blocks against experimental and powerful religion would be removed, and religion would be declared and manifested in such a way that, instead of hardening spectators, and exceedingly promoting infidelity and atheism, it would, above all things, tend to convince men that there is a reality in religion, and greatly awaken them, and win them, by convincing their consciences of the importance and excellency of religion. Thus the light of professors would so shine before men, that others, seeing their good works, would glorify their Father which is in heaven.
Wilkie Collins, No Name|Nothing in this world is hidden forever. The gold which has lain for centuries unsuspected in the ground, reveals itself one day on the surface. Sand turns traitor, and betrays the footstep that has passed over it; water gives back to the tell-tale surface the body that has been drowned. Fire itself leaves the confession, in ashes, of the substance consumed in it. Hate breaks its prison-secrecy in the thoughts, through the doorway of the eyes; and Love finds the Judas who betrays it by a kiss. Look where we will, the inevitable law of revelation is one of the laws of nature: the lasting preservation of a secret is a miracle which the world has never yet seen.
Maureen Klovers|They can't give you all that, Mr Jimson,' said Walter, who was upset. 'It wouldn't be right. What would they give you seven years for?''Being Gulley Jimson,' I said, 'and getting away with it.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|She entered the story knowing she would emerge from it feeling she had been immersed in the lives of others, in plots that stretched back twenty years, her body full of sentences and moments, as if awaking from sleep with a heaviness caused by unremembered dreams.
Jean de la Bruyere|Your chances of success are directly proportional to the degree of pleasure you desire from what you do. If you are in a job you hate, face the fact squarely and get out.
Thomas Kinkade|Walt put everything he knew about communication with images into the park, so it was very familiar.
Thomas Pynchon, Against the Day|Laboring through a world every day more stultified, which expected salvation in codes and governments, ever more willing to settle for suburban narratives and diminished payoffs--what were the chances of finding anyone else seeking to transcend that, and not even particularly aware of it?
Steve Sabol|If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
John C. Eccles, The Wonder of Being Human: Our Brain and Our Mind|We regard promissory materialism as superstition without a rational foundation. The more we discover about the brain, the more clearly do we distinguish between the brain events and the mental phenomena, and the more wonderful do both the brain events and the mental phenomena become. Promissory materialism is simply a religious belief held by dogmatic materialists . . . who often confuse their religion with their science.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|After a lifetime of darkness, I want to leave something behind that is made of light.
Edith Wharton, Ethan Frome and Other Short Fiction|There are lots of ways of being miserable, but there’s only one way of being comfortable, and that is to stop running round after happiness. If you make up your mind not to be happy there’s no reason why you shouldn’t have a fairly good time.
moolesh.k.dindoyal|She'd never tolerated deception regarding her strong opinions--that much was true. But wasn't it also true that when it came to trying to please in matters that weren't crucial to her, that didn't compromise her sense of things, she had been dishonest?
C.J. Box|In spring, 1937, of course, families still rode the rails because of the Depression, which everyone said was already in the history books as the worst ever. The jobs still couldn’t be found, at least for most people. Everett itself—the smaller, poorer, little brother lying north of Seattle—ached with the unemployed and the hopeless. The labor union tensions in the woods still festered and got bloody at times. But Skybillings—and the railroad logging shows of the Cascade Mountains—felt like they were, inch-by-inch, rebuilding America.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|Home is supposed to be a place of security, the last resort of refuge.
Henry Rollins|Today, we have private airline companies, but if you take a look at a Boeing plane next time you travel, you'll see that you are basically taking a ride on a modified bomber.
Andy Rooney|Did you ever hear one of those corny, positive messages on someone's answering machine? 'Hi, it's a great day and I'm out enjoying it right now. I hope you are too. The thought for the day is share the love. Beep.' 'Uh, yeah, this is the VD clinic… speaking of being positive, your test is back. Stop sharing the love.
Kris Kidd, I Can't Feel My Face|See, that’s the thing about L.A.— When you’ve mastered the art of feeling lonely in a room full of people, that’s when you know.
Patricia Briggs, Cry Wolf|It's not a real name," she says. "Not one that he's carried with him always. It's one he wears like his hat. So he can take it off if he wants.
J.C. Watts Jr.|Character is doing the right thing when nobody’s looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that’s right is to get by,and the only thing that’s wrong is to get caught.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Lord, I know that where I am right now, isn’t where You’re taking me. Give me glimpses of Your vision for my future, so that my understanding may grow in accordance with Your timing. Give me patience along the way and faith to trust that You’re always working for my good. Amen.
Winston S. Churchill|You knew? How the hell did you know?" he demanded,wondering which bastard in his family had ratted his assout."It wasn't too hard to figure out, Trevor," she murmured, looking totally enthralled with what she was doing."What the hell does that mean?" He'd been careful, very careful. He'd neverread anything in front of her, neverwrote anything more than his name or a word or two in her presence. There wasno way she could have found out withoutone of his interfering relatives clueing her in."Who the hell told you?" Zoe rolled her eyes even as she leaned over to press a quick kiss on his lips, which made him slightly happy, but not enough to forget that he needed to kill one of his relatives."You never read anything around me. Youthink you tricked me into reading for you. Then there was the time we ran out of condoms and you flipped out because you thought there was supposed to be 42 condoms in the box of 24.""Would it have killed them to put a few extra condoms in the box so that you could have seen to my needs?" he asked, remembering that damn night and trying not to wince. Okay, so maybe he gave himself away...just a little.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|So who is cruel? You, cruel reader, you are.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you want to become great, you have to know what to do, I mean you must first determine what you were born to do.
R. Kelly|As opposed to trying to make a kiss look romantic or sweet or passionate, it's kind of fun to just have the freedom to make it look weird, goofy and awkward.
Auliq-Ice|Never plan to make this world your permanent abode, for it is temporal for all, rather permanent your ideas & purpose here.
Joann I. Martin Sowles, Tainted Blood|Mrs. Weslin was one of those women who had clearly had some work done. That or she had sold her soul to the devil and although that was probably a possibility, I was pretty sure none of the Weslins had souls to sell.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|Mother! Believe me, this word is more sacred than the name of Lord Ram.
A.R. Braun, Only Women in Hell|Amanda choked on a sob. She looked like she didn’t know what to do. For the first time, Stacey realized this woman was a human being, and sometimes she felt lost.
Katherine Paterson, The Flint Heart|Jules could have sworn there was a devilish glint in the shopkeepers eye. 'I find today I am in need of a bonnet.'Mr. Postlethwaite was silent. And then his eyes crept toward the marquess's hairline.'It will be a gift for a woman, Mr. Postlethwaite.''Of course, sir.' The marquess wished the 'of course' sounded a bit more sincere. He'd scarcely been in the shop for more than three minutes and already his dignity was fraying.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|She discovered that underneath the aspect of the Rumpled Porcupine, a tortured Marxist was at war with an impossible, incurable Romantic - who forgot the candles, who broke the wine glasses, who forgot the ring. Who made love to her with a passion that took her breath away. She had always thought of herself as a somewhat uninteresting, thick-waisted, thick ankled girl. Not bad-looking. Not special. But when she was with Chacko, old limits were pushed back. Horizons expanded.She had never before met a man who spoke of the workd - of what it was, and how it came to be, or what he thought would become of it - in the way in which other men she knew discussed their jobs, their friends or their weekends at the beach.Being with Chacko made Margaret Kochamma feel as though her soul had escaped from the narrow confines of her island country, into the vast extravagant spaces of his. He made her feel as though the world belonged to them - as though it lay before thm like an opened frog on a dissecting table, begging to be examined.
Kate Milford, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|There are more hidden spaces in a city, more hidden lives and hidden emptinesses, and more darkened windows where shadow people pass fleetingly in and out of sight.
Richie Norton|If only employees knew this...there is no hand out just because you got a degree. You still gotta make $ for the biz (employer), if you choose not to make $ for yourself (freelancer / ent).
Gian Kumar|His teachings, said his disciple Musaeus, had one simple theme: 'Everything comes into being from the One and is resolved into the One again.
ktr0x|Thinking is easy, acting difficult, and to put one's thoughts into actions the most difficult thing in the world.
Sarah Anne Shockley, The Pain Companion: Practical Tools for Living With & Moving Beyond Chronic Pain|Healing severe or chronic pain, I believe, includes transforming our relationship to the pain, and, ultimately, it is about transforming our relationship to who we are and to life.
Lama Thubten Yeshe, Becoming Vajrasattva|Buddha once saw a jackal, a wild dog, run out of the forest where he was staying. It stood still for a while, then it ran into the underbrush, and then out again. Then it ran into a tree hollow, then out again. Then it went into a cave, only to run out again. One minute it stood, the next it ran, then it lay down, then it jumped up. The jackal had the mange. When it stood, the mange would eat into its skin, so it would run. Running, it was still uncomfortable, so it would stop. Standing, it was still uncomfortable, so it would lie down. Then it would jump up again, running to the underbrush, the tree hollow, never staying still. The Buddha said, “Monks, did you see that jackal this afternoon? Standing, it suffered. Running, it suffered. Sitting, it suffered. Lying down, it suffered. It blamed standing for its discomfort. It blamed sitting. It blamed running and lying down. It blamed the tree, the underbrush, and the cave. In fact, the problem was with none of those things. The problem was with his mange.” We are just the same as that jackal. Our discontent is due to wrong view. Because we don’t exercise sense restraint, we blame our suffering on externals. Whether we live in Thailand, America or England, we aren’t satisfied. Why not? Because we still have wrong view. Just that! So wherever we go, we aren’t content. But just as that jackal would be content wherever it went as soon as its mange was cured, so would we be content wherever we went once we rid ourselves of wrong view.
Erma Bombeck|There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|A person who goes in search of God is wasting his time. He can walk a thousand roads and join many religions and sects–but he'll never find God that way. God is here, right now, at our side. We can see Him in this mist, in the ground we're walking on, even in my shoes. His angels keep watch while we sleep and help us in our work. In order to find God, you have only to look around. But meeting Him is not easy. The more God asks us to participate in Hismysteries, the more disoriented we become, because He asks us constantly tofollow our dreams and our hearts. And that's difficult to do when we're used to living in a different way. Finally we discover, to our surprise, that God wants us to be happy, because He is the father.
Joshua Foer|My two daughters live on Facebook, and social media is their mode of communication.
Sharon Biggs Waller, A Mad, Wicked Folly|This is why we all fight so hard. Not just for the vote, but for an equal opportunity in the world.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|It was uncanny. You press a button and a man drops dead a hundred meters away. It seemed hollow and remote, falsifying everything. It was a trick of the lenses. The man is an accurate picture. Then he is upside down. Then he is right side up. You shoot at a series of images conveyed to you through a metal tube. The force of a death should be enormous but how can you know what kind of man you’ve killed or who was the braver and stronger if you have to peer through layers of glass that deliver the image but obscure the meaning of the act? War has a conscience or it’s ordinary murder.
Prince|Art is the fatal net which catches these strange moments on the wing like mysterious butterflies, fleeing the innocence and distraction of common men.
John Maynard Keynes|Every high school and college graduate in America should, I think, have some familiarity with statistics, economics and a foreign language such as Spanish. Religion may not be as indispensable, but the humanities should be a part of our repertory. They may not enrich our wallets, but they do enrich our lives. They civilize us. They provide context.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|She was afraid of not being able to pull herself out of the dream world, never waking up, never knowing what really happened, never realizing her goals, her hopes, her dreams.
Helen R. Hull, Heat Lightning|Queer, how her own desperate need of light seemed to throw such brilliance over the affairs of the members of her family. She carried her need like a many-batteried pocket spotlight, illuminating emotional corners in other people, but she walked in darkness behind it. Her wrist wouldn't bend to turn it on herself.
P.D. Ouspensky, A New Model of the Universe|Idealism, though just in its premises, and often daring and honest in their application, is stultified by the exclusive intellectualism of its own methods: by its fatal trust in the squirrel-work of the industrious brain instead of the piercing vision of the desirous heart. It interests man, but does not involve him in its processes: does not catch him up to the new and more real life which it describes. Hence the thing that matters, the living thing, has somehow escaped it; and its observations bear the same relation to reality as the art of the anatomist does to the mystery of birth.
Rob Liano|If we all desire love and acceptance, shouldn't we love and accept all others?
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|Somehow, like so many people who get depressed, we felt our depressions were more complicated and existentially based than they actually were.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Don't be enslaved by your negative thoughts. It's your mind, so take control of it - now!
Natalie Crown, The Wolf's Cry|Kammy could see the palace built into the cliff face. It was a majestic construction. Its white walls stretched up into a cluster of turrets and towers. Its façade was broken by gigantic windows that reflected a rainbow of colours. The palace was flanked by two waterfalls that filled the chasm running far below them; a chasm that was bridged by a staircase of monstrous size. But Kammy hardly noticed how far she would fall should her grip fail. The giant structure that speared out of the palace and up into the sky commanded all of her attention. It burned her eyes so she could hardly look at it, but at the same time she could not look away. It looked like a white diamond. Each of its countless edges sent off shards of brilliant light. It dwarfed anything that Kammy had ever known and she had never felt as alive as she did in that moment.
Lorraine Heath, Always to Remember|Hudson looks at me, waiting for what I was trying to say, but no matter how many times I try, the words won’t come. My chest contracts, and panic knocks my thoughts into disarray faster than a tornado.For years, I was silent by choice. Now, choking and straining and silently screaming, I actually know what it’s like to be silenced.
Sarah Kay|I have seen the best of you, and the worst of you, and I choose both.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Perhaps many things inside you have been transformed; perhaps somewhere, someplace deep inside your being, you have undergone important changes while you were sad. The only sadnesses that are dangerous and unhealthy are the ones that we carry around in public in order to drown them out with the noise; like diseases that are treated superficially and foolishly, they just withdraw and after a short interval break out again all the more terribly; and gather inside us and are life, are life that is unlived, rejected, lost, life that we can die of.
Josh Duhamel|But investment in space stimulates society, it stimulates it economically, it stimulates it intellectually, and it gives us all passion.
Heenashree Khandelwal, Soulmates, By Chance|Sutter Laughed. "You were just being honest. Maybe needed is the wrong word. Wanted. I want to be wanted. I want to be someone's air. I want to feel like my presence makes their life better, just by simply existing.
Ambrose Bierce|History – An account mostly false, of events unimportant, which are brought about by rulers mostly knaves, and soldiers mostly fools.
Alfred Korzybski|It is always the case that when the Christian looks back, he is looking at the forgiveness of sins.
Cecelia Ahern Ahern|Maybe you're not difficult to live with at all, maybe you're just a busy, successful, beautiful woman who won't settle for anything but the best.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|For the first time in my life I realized what a horrible, miserable, salvationless hell it is to be without money.
Kim Harrison, The Undead Pool|How'd you know he was the one?""I didn't know. I don't think either of us knew."Heather rolled her eyes. "Neal knew — he proposed to you.""It's not like that," Georgie said. "You'll see. It's more like you meet someone, and you fall in love, and you hope that that person is the one — and then at some point, you have to put down your chips. You just have to make a commitment and hope that you're right.
Philip Johnson|When all of us are acknowledged as the human equals that we really are, there will be no space left for bullying. It will no longer be wrong to choose one thing over another.
Samuel Gyekye Mensah|The person of creatures is living, the purpose of living is service, a service that implants legacy.
Thea Devine|He tells me I look as if I could use a hugand i laugh at him and he ignores me and steps forward and puts his arms around me and hugs me. I warm at the simple pleasure of human contact and for the first time in a long time i actually feel good." (James Frey, pg.38)
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|I’ve learned that to be courageous is to feel fear within, every step of the way. Courage does not take over, it fights and struggles through every word you say and every step you take. It’s a battle or a dance as to whether to let it pervade. It takes courage to overcome, but it takes extreme fear to be courageous.
Tarif Naaz|Humanity smacks me the taste of human psyche and prejudice, being part of human nature. Humans believe that they have a right to decide on behalf of all creatures and make laws for them. Love is more preferred word to replace humanity, it incorporates feelings of all creatures in comparison to humanity, which is only humane.
Melissa Lurquette, A Beautiful Bounty|To be loved, is to be immortal.
Caroline Mytinger, Headhunting In The Solomon Islands: Around The Coral Sea|A woman's destiny, they say, is not fulfilled until she holds in her arms her own little book.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|And finally - FINALLY - after a lifetime of feelings and anxiety and more feelings, I didn't have any feelings left. I had spent my last feeling being disappointed that I couldn't rent Jumanji.
Ehsan Sehgal|The steel suddenly touched her heart. Ah, jealousy, it was jealousy, the cold hand mashing her slowly, squeezing her, diminishing her soul.
Eckhart Tolle|Fulfill me, make me happy, make me feel safe, tell me who I am. The world cannot give you those things, and when you no longer have such expectations, all self created suffering comes to an end.
Steven Magee|The leading research in the adverse human health effects of electromagnetic radiation is not being done by well funded governments or corporations, it is coming from a few self funded independent researchers.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|Oh, God, if I'm anything by a clinical name, I'm a kind of paranoiac in reverse. I think people are plotting to make me happy.
George Gordon Byron|If the rest of them can survive only by destroying us, then why should we wish them to survive? . . . Nothing can make it moral to destroy the best. One can't be punished for being good. One can't be penalized for ability.
Gena Showalter, A Mad Zombie Party|And the peace! The most magnificent peace. I lose myself in a place where time no longer exists and nothing is impossible. I can do anything I imagine. I can fight and win any war. Nothing frightens me, because I know I'm here for a reason; and I'm not alone. I have friends in high places. Friends here. Friends up there. Victory is mine.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|The two things clearest in my mind were, that a remoteness had come upon the old Blunderstone life—which seemed to lie in the haze of an immeasurable distance; and that a curtain had for ever fallen on my life at Murdstone and Grinby's. No one has ever raised that curtain since. I have lifted it for a moment, even in this narrative, with a reluctant hand, and dropped it gladly. The remembrance of that life is fraught with so much pain to me, with so much mental suffering and want of hope, that I have never had the courage even to examine how long I was doomed to lead it. Whether it lasted for a year, or more, or less, I do not know. I only know that it was, and ceased to be; and that I have written, and there I leave it.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Perhaps to the soldier the civilian is the man who employs him to kill, who includes the guilt of murder in the pay-envelope and escapes responsibility.
Amy Jarecki, In the Kingdom's Name|Life isn't worth living without love. Have faith in love! Take a chance, and you might be surprised at how well things will turn out. If you do, you'll be filled with joy. I promise.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|Hecate dresses in all black, is extremely pale, unearthly beautiful and has the most chilling eyes I’ve ever known. All in all, she comes across as one of ‘The Walking Dead’ – except alive and far prettier!
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I thought I was going to die. I wanted to die. And I thought if I was going to die I would die with you.Someone like you, young as I am, I saw so many dying near me in the last year. I didn’t feel scared. Icertainly wasn’t brave just now. I thought to myself, We have this villa this grass, we should have laindown together, you in my arms, before we died. I wanted to touch that bone at your neck, collarbone,it’s like a small hard wing under your skin. I wanted to place my fingers against it. I’ve always liked fleshthe colour of rivers and rocks or like the brown eye of a Susan, do you know what that flower is? Haveyou seen them? I am so tired, Kip, I want to sleep. I want to sleep under this tree, put my eye againstyour collarbone I just want to close my eyes without thinking of others, want to find the crook of a treeand climb into it and sleep. What a careful mind! To know which wire to cut. How did you know? Youkept saying I don’t know I don’t know, but you did. Right? Don’t shake, you have to be a still bed forme, let me curl up as if you were a good grandfather I could hug, I love the word ‘curl,’ such a slowword, you can’t rush it...
Steve Merrick|Politics should be a field that attracts statesmen, not future CEO’s and board members.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|Raffe arches his brow at me. ‘You should be with a nice human boy. One who takes your orders and puts up with your demands. Someone who dedicates his life to keeping you safe and well fed. Someone who can make you happy. Someone you can be proud of.’ He waves his hand at the Watchers. ‘There’s nobody like that in this lot.’ I glare at him. ‘I’ll be sure to pass him by you first before I’ – settle for – ‘choose him.’ ‘You do that. I’ll let him know what’s expected of him.’ ‘Assuming he survives your interrogation,’ says Howler. ‘Big assumption,’ says Cyclone. ‘I’d like to be there to watch,’ says Hawk. ‘Should be interesting.
T.C. Boyle|Writing is a habit, an addiction, as powerful and overmastering an urge as putting a bottle to your lips or a spike in your arm. Call it the impulse to make something out of nothing, call it an obsessive-compulsive disorder, call it logorrhea. Have you been in a bookstore lately? Have you seen what these authors are doing, the mountainous piles of the flakes of themselves they're leaving behind, like the neatly labeled jars of shit, piss, and toenail clippings one of John Barth's characters bequeathed to his wife, the ultimate expression of his deepest self?
Whit Stillman|I'm a great fan of Bloomingdale's, and I'm a very loyal alumni of Parsons. I think what they do, what they've done, is amazing. They've educated some of the best American designers.
Susan Coolidge, What Katy Did|Imogen was a bright girl naturally, but she had read so many novels that her brain was completely turned.
Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Famished Spirit|The story of a man's soul, however trivial, can be more interesting and instructive than the story of a whole nation
Paulo Coelho|He has done things that caused me to doubt His wisdom, but never His existence.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|What a MOTHER means to me;Multitask personality whoOverwork to Offer Opportunities to everyone withTender heartedness Holy Spirit filled, Healthy and Holistic teacher and trainer whoEncourages people to take a risk in for them to be Reliable and Respected by humanity.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|Our reputations are so out of our control that it's laughable how much time and effort so many of us put into trying to "control" them.
Bernie Sanders|Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
Nicholas Kristof|All you do is think. Because all you do is think, you've constructed two separate worlds—one inside your head and one outside. Just the fact that you tolerate this enormous dissonance—why, that's a great intangible failure already.
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|Warns, lies, liars and mysteries everything in one place what more awesome than that???Better check out Blindspot!
Robin LaFevers|Getting the poison to them is more difficult than it should be. I cannot just slip it into their food, they eat with the rest of the household, and as much as I dislike everyone here, I am not willing to poison them all. At least not yet.
Munia Khan|It’s been raining outside and I feel like a sad poet, hating my imagination pissing on the roof.
zia|During any experience placed before us, we can stay in alignment with positivity, truth, and goodness by asking the question: What would honor and love do here?
Harrison Birtwistle|For me, personally, life in South Africa had come to an end. I had been lucky in some of the whites I had met. Meeting them had made a straight 'all-blacks-are-good, all-whites-are-bad' attitude impossible. But I had reached a point where the gestures of even my friends among the whites were suspect, so I had to go or be forever lost.
Lou Silluzio, Max, the boy who didn't believe in Santa Claus|...and we go on living and breathing it into our lungs like fine dust.Until that time, I had understood death as something entirely separate from and independent of life. The hand of death is bound to take us, I had felt, but until the day it reaches out for us, it leaves us alone. This had seemed to me the simple, logical truth. Life is here, death is over there. I am here, not over there.
Mark Wunderlich, The Earth Avails: Poems|Nothing to be proud of, nothing to regret.
Tim Vine|When I was four, I just wanted to drive, I collected toy cars. Where does that sort of thing come from? In hindsight you go, 'Oh, liked it because of this.' Maybe it's just the wheel.
Bruce Lee|When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Norman Lock, American Meteor|I never make up anything. I get everything from my books. They're all true!" --Ann Newton/Shadow of a Doubt (1943)
Gary Snyder, Turtle Island|Goal: Clean air, clean clear-running rivers, the presence of Pelican and Osprey and Gray Whale in our lives; salmon and trout in our streams; unmuddied language and good dreams.
Ron Baratono|Set out to be the person you know you can be. Thinking about it, and talking about it is the first step. If you can imagine it for yourself then you can do it. Take action!
Deyth Banger|Tell, tell more sounds interesting and little familiar...
Virat Kohli|Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.
Johnny Depp|if you love two people at the same time, choose the second. Because if you really loved the first one, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
RVM|To reach your Destination, you need a Direction, but you can't get there without Inspiration!
Sylvia Boorstein, Pay Attention, for Goodness' Sake: Practicing the Perfections of the Heart--The Buddhist Path of Kindness|Mindfulness, the aware, balanced acceptance of present experience, is at the heart of what the Buddha taught.
Melanie Dickerson, The Beautiful Pretender|I should like the woman I choose to be very honest, generous, and to have a sincere faith in God, rather than mindlessly following the rules.
Kristen Caven, The Vesuvian Affair|Gods are cold. War, killing, and stabbing each other in the back is really what we do best.
Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy|The battle of Panipat was fought for more than what is usually imagined. It was fought by a people in the far south of India, on behalf of the Mughal Emperor, for the defence of India.
D.A. Rhine, Vampires of the Chesapeake: Kian MacTiernan|In all of the possible scenarios Kian had envisioned, encountering a lunatic had not been one of them. It just showed him that he could never be completely prepared.
|In the end, it is your attitude that people will be faced with. I hope it is positive enough to open some new doors of opportunities for you?
Raphael Zernoff|The purpose of life is to live it being self-aware in the eternal now with its infinite versions of us. It is about living our dreams, and not just dreaming about living them one day.
Alain de Botton|Someone responding to intuition, to chance and fortune, often can't explain himself well.
Akshay Vasu|I have never known the mind of a wolf hunting a deer, but I imagine it must feel a little like this: the twisted excitement of seeing the weak and wounded cowering before you, the knowledge that, in this instant, you have the power to end its life or grant it mercy. In this moment, I am a god.
Javier Marías|People only get married when they've no other option, out of panic or desperation or so as not to lose someone they couldn't bear to lose. It's always the most conventional things that contain the largest measure of madness.
James Wolcott|I'm a big soccer fan, so any soccer player that I meet, I always get star struck. I've met a lot of big stars - Justin Timberlake, Michael Buble - and I don't ever get starstruck, but when I met famous ex-football players, I just got completely starstruck.
A.E. Samaan|There are those that want freedom from individual responsibility, and then there are those that want individual liberty. "Freedom" and "liberty" no longer mean what they used to. A desire for dependence has been made fashionably desirable.
Don DeLillo|When I work, I'm just translating the world around me in what seems to be straightforward terms. For my readers, this is sometimes a vision that's not familiar. But I'm not trying to manipulate reality. This is just what I see and hear.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|At any moment, you can use your face to open doors of opportunity if it demonstrates interest, enthusiasm, respect, understanding, delight, agreement, and more.
Jincy Willett, The Writing Class|(D)ialogue is generally the worst choice for exposition. 'When you're writing lines...you need to focus on the way people actually talk. And when we talk to each other we never actually explain our terms. We don't say 'Sweetheart, would you pass me the sugar bowl, which we picked up for a song at that antique stall in Munich.
Ryszard Legutko, Triumf człowieka pospolitego|Captured by the ideological animus, both socialist and liberal-democratic art abandoned the criterion of beauty - considered anachronistic and of dubious political value - and replaced it with the criterion of correctness.
Charles Bronson, Solitary Fitness|If a relative has suffered Ovarian or Breast Cancer, get the genetic screening. It saves lives.
Kitty Dukakis, Shock: The Healing Power of Electroconvulsive Therapy|[My father] was handsome and tanned and smelled wonderful, like a mix of the ocean and fresh-cut grass, except when he smoked his pipe, which also smelled wonderful, as how I thought wisdom must smell, when it curls about your head.
Lee Bennett Hopkins, Been to Yesterdays: Poems of a Life|When you get everything you wanted, I think maybe you do have to be a little grateful for the people who got you there.. whether or not they thought they were doing you any favors at the time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New birth, new bliss.
Louis de Wohl|Tell me, son... have you ever been intimidated by anyone?''Oh yes,' said Thomas. 'I don't believe it. By whom?''By Our Lord... on the altar.
Judy Balan, Sophie Says|This is the funniest book I’ve ever held in my hands. --Dave Barry, Pulitzer Prize winning humorist and author says about Radical Sabbatical
Roshan Sharma|And sometimes,even if everything seems unreala strange force will appeardragging you back the 'so called' real.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Rescue|What a voice. Deep, throaty, but not in a sexy way. In a haunted way. A voice full of heartbreak and ghosts.I won't go back, I won't go home,'Cause in this place, the dead still roam,'Cause this time, Whiskey Bayou won't let me go.
Lucca Kaldahl|His eyes are peculiar. There is nothing in them, like an eclair without the cream filling. It's wrong, lack of cream.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|In the physical constitution of an organized being, that is, a being adapted suitably to the purposes of life, we assume it as a fundamental principle that no organ for any purpose will be found but what is also the fittest and best adapted for that purpose. Now in a being which has reason and a will, if the proper object of nature were its conservation, its welfare, in a word, its happiness, then nature would have hit upon a very bad arrangement in selecting the reason of the creature to carry out this purpose. For all the actions which the creature has to perform with a view to this purpose, and the whole rule of its conduct, would be far more surely prescribed to it by instinct, and that end would have been attained thereby much more certainly that it ever can be by reason. Should reason have been communicated to this favored creature over and above, it must only have served it to contemplate the happy constitution of its nature, to admire it, to congratulate itself thereon, and to feel thankful for it to the beneficent cause, but not that it should subject its desires to that weak and delusive guidance, and meddle bunglingly with the purpose of nature. In a word, nature would have taken care that reason should not break forth into practical exercise, nor have the presumption, with its weak insight, to think out for itself the plan of happiness and the means of attaining it. Nature would not only have taken on herself the choice of the ends but also of the means, and with wise foresight would have entrusted both to instinct.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|We are creatures taken seriously by the Earth, because we can severely affect the fate of the Earth, but we are in no way taken seriously by the Universe yet!
Denny A|Don’t be depressed if you feel like a victim of abuse. It is because the abuser knows that your action can get you out of that situation and without depending on anything, live a life within your expectation and beyond.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|Nancy Astor: "Sir, if you were my husband, I'd poison your tea."Winston Churchill: "Madame,i f you were my wife, I'd drink it!"(Exchange with Winston Churchill)
Robin Alexander, The Trip|She was walking toward the beauty shop when Shay came out the door moving fast. The first thing Jill noticed was Shay’s hair and how it appeared really big. As Shay drew closer, Jill realized she looked like she was wearing a mask with big blue streaks over the eyes and giant red pouty lips. “What happened to you?” Jill asked in shock. “I’m not sure,” Shay said, looking just as stunned. “One minute, I was reading a magazine, and the next, two women that looked like Dolly Parton descended on me like vultures. They started putting stuff on my face, then they did all kinds of things to my hair.” Anne walked out of the shop next; her Napoleon hat ’do rode higher than ever. Ella followed with her little red hair ball reinflated. “Doesn’t Shay just look beautiful?” Ella chirped. She looked like a hooker who’d just survived a wind tunnel, but Jill nodded and tried to smile.
Linda Downs|The main cause of the ineffectiveness of British propaganda is that those directing it seem to have lost their own belief in the peculiar values of English civilization or to be completely ignorant of the main points on which it differs from that of other people. The Left intelligentsia indeed, have so long worshiped foreign gods that they seem to have become almost incapable of seeing any good in the characteristic English institutions and traditions. That the moral values on which most of them pride themselves are largely the product of the institutions they are out to destroy, these socialists cannot, of course, admit.
Noelle Sterne, Trust Your Life: Forgive Yourself and Go After Your Dreams|Five Truths About Your Inner Voice:1. It is here, always available, wherever you are, however you feel, whatever you have done.2. It is solely on your side.3. It knows what's absolutely right for you.4. It is your friend, your ally, your guide, your ultimate supporter. 5. It is always with you and for you. Whenever you're feeling perplexed, uneasy, anxious, mad, frustrated, sick, or any other other way you don't want to feel, ask your Inner Voice. Listen.
Aisha Tyler|I don't argue with people... if they say I'm not funny, they're right, for them.
L.M. Montgomery|He might be living on mice, but Chesterton does not look like an animal who is governed by his appetites. He's an ascetic, if Cathbad ever saw one.
Nikki Rowe|ive lived so long a person, they tamed me to be,I spoke with care & held back the real, me. But the time has come, My voice will be heard. My messages are clear& I'm not the same girl. I am wild, my heart is rareI am untameable and I dont fuckin' care Life is too short, to live for another, I've faced the rain, storms and thunder And if there's one thing, I have kept in my mind It's i am, who I am and I don't give a damn if you don't like.
Jane Lynch|In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly.
Jenny  Lawson, Let's Pretend This Never Happened: A Mostly True Memoir|The rival ideologies of the left and right are both pining for the 50s. The only difference is that liberals want to work there, while conservatives want to go home there.
Srividya Srinivasan|I meet his eyes. They are deep and almost mesmerizing. Did I say deep before? Yeah, right. That’s not it. They have a pull to them, like currents, like Velcro or something, totally captivating, like when you see a convertible flipped over on the highway and there are body bags and you don’t want to look but you look because you can’t look, because you can’t not look, because you are just riveted and . . .Stop. Just stop.
Marlon Brando|Furthermore, I preferred to only have cravings I could satisfy without the requirement or assistance of another person. This was, after all, the definition of self-reliance.
Tiger Woods|In sports, you simply aren't considered a real champion until you have defended your title successfully. Winning it once can be a fluke; winning it twice proves you are the best.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|That took balls.""Please," I said with a snort, "that took ovaries. Of which I have two.
Mike Dooley|We now live in a time when PEOPLE and profits must become equally valuable in the corporate leaders Mindset.Rethink your Leadership Culture to become a conscious, high performance organisation
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I have found a higher calling; inspirational-writing!I can’t imagine myself doing any other work, when I ought to write and transmit, awe-inspiring-words, to the souls longing for it.
Joe Abercrombie, Red Country|Why must we hide, Behind walls built high?N' blame our lives, On him, her, I?
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|I know you. I know this isn't you. And even if it is, I still love you. As much as I always have. You will always be mine. I will always love you, I promised you that when you left, and it's true now.
Joshua Hartzell|In life there is reality and there is what you want in life. If you took a moment to step back and forget about everything that is going on that doesn't really mean that much anyway, you might be able to figure out how to get what you want and what has been stopping you. For every problem there is a solution, for every... need God has provided the answer, and for every want there is a way. Reality is what you make it.
Sophie Fontanel, The Art of Sleeping Alone: Why One French Woman Suddenly Gave Up Sex|If there was a party, everyone in turn would come sit next to me to regale me with how he or sh thought I should live and what I deserved to have. What it boiled down to was that I should live like them. Elvire, one half of a tightly knit couple would forget that her husband was clinically depressed. Guillaume, married to a harpy, maintained that if one laid low and said amen to everything, things worked out. Maria, fed up to the teeth with her children, wanted me to have my own. Assia loved women but it was killing her mother. Patrizio had bruises on his shoulders from his chronically jealous wife. Not one of them could stand my singleness, because it could have been theirs.
Euripides|There is nothing which has yet been contrived by man, by which so much happiness is produced as by a good tavern.
Álvaro Mutis, Die Abenteuer und Irrfahrten des Gaviero Maqroll : die sieben Maqroll-Romane|Life always holds in store surprises that are more complex and unforeseeable than any dream, and the secret is to let them come and not block them with castles in the air.
Roger E. Olson|Surely we can only come to understand each other's beliefs by means of direct encounter and open, honest discussion. In the meantime, many free churches invite all believers in Jesus Christ to the Table for the sake of true spiritual unity that transcends intellectual differences of interpretation. Withholding sacramental sharing on the basis of disagreement about the nature of the Lord's Supper seems odd to us. What two people think exactly alike about the act? We are not offended by Catholics' closed Communion, but we find it odd and exclusive. It places intellectual understanding above fellowship among disciples of Jesus Christ.
Louis Theroux|However much some journalists may criticize me, I know that I look, feel, and behave several decades younger than my actual age, and much of that is because I believe you are what you think you are. This is called positive affirmation, and it's a really strong tool.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|Come back to me, Tessa. Henry said that perhaps, since you had touched the soul of an angel, that you dream of Heaven now, of fields of angels and flowers of fire. Perhaps you are happy in those dreams. But I ask this out of pure selfishness. Come back to me. For I cannot bear to lose all my heart.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Their hands slapped library door handles together, their chests broke track tapes together, their tennis shoes beat parallel pony tracks over lawns, trimmed bushes, squirreled trees, no one losing, both winning, thus saving their friendship for other times of loss.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|He remembered his mother's love for him, and his family's, and his friends', and the enemy's intention to kill him seemed impossible.
Mary Daly|...the essential task of feminism is not to go looking around for a ready-made theory and then try to make it relevant to our (little?) "issue" or "problem". This is self-depreciating in the extreme, a fact that is obvious if one realises that feminism is cosmic in its dimensions.
Laren Grey Umphlett, The Power of Perception|Reality is non-directional, layered, and potential- all things at once and non-real in the sense that real is an unknown, so "real" is undefined and can not be experienced. Only your experience can be experienced, and that does not encompass everything or anything.
J.C. Lillis, We Won't Feel a Thing|There’s only one kind of girl I can tolerate being, and it is not the Girl Who Gives it All Up for Love.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Whenever I heard it, whoever said it to me, it felt the same. Like it didn't really mean anything. Because they weren't saying it about the real me. But what if they were? What if everyone who ever said they loved you meant it?How could they? How could any of them have ever meant it when no one but you has ever really known the real me?
Ken Liu, The Man Who Ended History: A Documentary|Death is the greatest justice, it never discriminates.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Sometimes due to God’s mercy, the time in God’s plan can be stretched or extended
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Return to Stantasyland|There's two ways to become a famous Poet, find that one person that knows somebody, that knows somebody, that knows somebody.Or die trying
Sunday Adelaja|A nation can be mighty, when the citizens put away their political differences, work together for a common vision, a common goal and a common good.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All young people sin, and sin produces discord, repellent vibrations which rifle the concert of life until the strings are gutless and flat. The kicks soon lead to kickbacks.
Ace Antonio Hall, Confessions of Sylva Slasher|If God wanted teenagers to be abstinent, puberty would begin at twenty.
Suzanne  Johnson, River Road|He’s violent and unpredictable. He hit you once-hard. Oh, sure he saved your life later but it was in his beat interests. Plus, you have absolutely no common sense where he is concerned, and we won’t even mention the dead thing.
Marmaduke William Pickthall|A man who journeys in the desert finds a guide among the desert people, and he who journeys on the sea trusts seamen.
Luis Marques, Asetian Bible|Knowledge is a sacred gem that must be conquered,wielded and empowered. To access such gnosis is not a right,but a privilege of the evolved.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|Ladies, how do you expect a man to love you, if he hasn't first learnt how to love himself?
Delmore Schwartz, In Dreams Begin Responsibilities and Other Stories|Time is the school in which we learn,Time is the fire in which we burn.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Knowledge is something that fire cannot burn, water cannot wet, air cannot dry, thieves cannot steal, and the more you spend the more it increases.
Goals Rider|Trump victory makes me realized, That you don't really need people option to be come a winner.
Beverly Engel, The Nice Girl Syndrome: Stop Being Manipulated and Abused -- And Start Standing Up for Yourself|Fear and anger, the two emotions that most people came to him to reduce—emotions that he’d worked so hard to overcome in his own life—were fuel for politicians. Maybe candidates and congressmen thought that sowing discord among countrymen, even family members, was an unfortunate type of collateral damage. Maybe they didn’t think about it at all.
Joya Ryan, Rules of Seduction|Oh, Pet. How you fascinate me.
Nelson Mandela|Hardly unaware of his image, Bradlee even cultivated it. He delighted in displaying his street savvy, telling a reporter to get his ass moving and talk to some real cops, not lieutenants and captains behind a desk; then rising to greet some visiting dignitary from Le Monde or L'Express in formal, flawless French, complete with a peck on each cheek.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Felix Dennis|I have every sympathy for writers. It's a mystery to me what they do. I can edit. I can cross out and say, 'I'm not saying that' or, 'How about we move this to here? Wouldn't that make that bit of the story better?' But where any of it comes from is beyond me. I will never write a play or a novel.
Marissa Mayer|A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Frank Herbert, Dune|On Caladan, we ruled with sea and air power," the Duke said. "Here, we must scrabble for desert power. This is your inheritance, Paul.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|If Aphrodite had an avatar on earth, it was her. It was her- the Holy Grail men keep searching all through their lives!- O Amor
Theodore Dreiser|One thing that took a while to really adjust to was, you do it for the the art, for the money, for being together and having a good time, but you do it for all those people out there who really care about the show. We are now talking about a show we did over 20 years ago.
James     Baldwin|Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.
Karen Maitland, The Vanishing Witch|Pay heed, my darlings, and always take the greatest care over the company you keep in life: if death strikes you without warning, you may be stuck with them til the moon turns to blood and wouldn't that be a torment?
Imelda May|Some girls are intimidated by my height, obviously. But a lot of girls do like it, so that's cool.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|know one day, I will be gone.
Justin Donner, I Just Woke Up Dead: A Memoir|Sex had nothing to do with feeling good, everything to do with superficialities, and was always accompanied by a masochistic agenda to feel anything but dead inside.
Wendell Phillips|Of a rich man who was mean and niggardly  he said  "That man does hot possess his estate  but his estate possesses him."
Diana Wynne Jones|A book for children, like the myths and folktales that tend to slide into it, is really a blueprint for dealing with life. For that reason, it might have a happy ending, because nobody ever solved a problem while believing it was hopeless. It might put the aims and the solution unrealistically high – in the same way that folktales tend to be about kings and queens – but this is because it is better to aim for the moon and get halfway there than just to aim for the roof and get halfway upstairs.
Gretchen Rubin, Happier at Home: Kiss More, Jump More, Abandon a Project, Read Samuel Johnson, and My Other Experiments in the Practice of Everyday Life|But I was too restless to watch long; I'm too Occidental for a long vigil. I could work at a problem for years, but to wait inactive for twenty-four hours -- that's another matter.
Elle Kennedy, The Mistake|Life is short. Things can change very suddenly. Make the best of every situation. Look for the silver lining. Maintain a positive mindset. Remain optimistic. Never give up hope. Savor every day you are given. Live with gratitude. Appreciate even the smallest things. Genuinely do the best you can, and once you do, don't dimish this by undermining your efforts by whatever limitations you face. Acceptance can be hard at times, but it is necessary to keep moving forward. In order to deal with situations as they come in the best manner possible, we must let go of things we have no control over. Energy must go towards the here and now. Be cognizant of your blessings, of how precious life is. Live with gratitude and appreciate every moment.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|They placed their bets with such self righteous bravado, but I’m the one who lost.
Jonathan Ive|It's a very strange thing for a designer to say, but one of the things that really irritates me in products is when I'm aware of designers wagging their tails in my face.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Uncle's Dream|Can you blame me, my dear, for looking on this attachment as a romantic folly inspired by that cursed Shakespeare who will poke his nose where he is not wanted?
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|How ironic it is then, to realize how many of we humans are masochists! That even when we are placed in paradise, the majority of us would, by choice, focus on everything outside the present moment and make ourselves suffer by thinking about Dis-Ease! Too many of us would dwell on a past that no longer exists while everything in the present moment is wonderful. What great paradoxes we as humans are capable of!
Thomas C. Oden, A Change of Heart: A Personal and Theological Memoir|I now understand that I would never have been able to become a plausible critic of the absurdities of modern consciousness until I myself had experienced them. I did not become an orthodox believer or theologian until after I tried out most of the errors long rejected by Christianity. If my first forty years were spent hungering for meaning in life, the last forty have been spent in being fed. If the first forty were prodigal, the last forty have been a homecoming.
Arash Tabish|Some people sometimes asked me. Don't you feel sad when all these horrible things to our people, our nation and our brothers and sisters in religion? Then i tell them . Yes, i do feel sad, it hurt me so much and make me sad so much when i see people suffers no matter who they are and what are their believe, nationality or colour. Sometimes even i don't want to stay alive and i prayed many times to be dead cause when watching people that suffers, it give me so much pain and it hurt me so much that i can not take it. That is why i tell you always and will keep telling u that stop hurting, hating people who is not like, or does not believe like how u believe. Stop listening to those who are telling u that but hurting these kinds of people you will earn God's blessing. That is not true, try to use your brain and don't ever buy those nonsense. We don't mean to suffer our life, we mean to enjoy living and spending our time beside each other.
Jack D. Zipes|Fairy tales since the beginning of recorded time, and perhaps earlier, have been “a means to conquer the terrors of mankind through metaphor.
Regina Doman|One of my heroes, G.K. Chesterton, said, "The old fairy tales endure forever. The old fairy tale makes the hero a normal human boy; it is his adventures that are startling; they startle him because he is normal." Discovering that the modern world can still contain the wonder and strangeness of a fairy tale is part of what my novels are about.
Richard Wright, Native Son|They hate because they fear, and they fear because they feel that the deepest feelings of their lives are being assaulted and outraged. And they do not know why; they are powerless pawns in a blind play of social forces.
Michelle M. Pillow|If I want to dress up like Princess Leia and lightsaber fight the clone army in my living room, well the Han Solo in my life is just going to have to accept it.
Gary Snyder|What you take from the earth, you must give back. That's nature's way.
Leona Lewis|The real issue is not talent as an independent element, but talent in relationship to will, desire, and persistence. Talent without these things vanishes and even modest talent with those characteristics grows.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|She had forced herself to learn to read – picked up bits and pieces, here and there, from the very few teachers who had been patient with her; from looking at words while out and about; from television, and from friends. And to avoid the shouting and drug-induced moaning, and the row of male visitors her mum would entertain, she would barricade herself in her room – there'd been no lock – and lose herself in books.
Miley Cyrus|Just as men must give up economic control when their wives share the responsibility for the family's financial well-being, women must give up exclusive parental control when their husbands assume more responsibility for child care.
Denise Mina|To balance China, the democracies will need new friends - and India with its fast-growing economy, youthful population, and democratic politics seems the obvious candidate.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I am still enjoying the successful completion of my PhD; taking time to relax, renew, and refocus.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|I don't like playing playstation. It seems like a waste of time to me. Reading, instead, leaves something inside you.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic|Greaser ' didn't have anything to do with it. My buddy over there wouldn't have done it. Maybe you would have done the same thing, maybe a friend of yours wouldn't have. It's the individual.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|And in the depths of music, I didn’t find the answer,And again there was silence, and again the ghost of summer.
Haven Kimmel, Girl Named Zippy: Growing Up Small in Mooreland, Indiana|I later discovered that in order to be a good athlete one must care intensely what is happening with a ball, even if one doesn't have possession of it. This was ultimately my failure: my inability to work up a passion for the location of balls.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn|Every time you come to the limit of what is demanded of you, you are faced with the same problem-to be yourself!
Vironika Tugaleva|Peace is life. Love is life. No river holds a grudge against a rock in its path. No leaf refuses to blow in the breeze. No plant denies water or sunshine. We, as human beings, have the gift of self-awareness, but this gift quickly turns to self-destruction if we do not learn to use it. We must learn to turn our minds towards the peace and love that we are flowing within at any given moment. This is the key to serenity. This is The Love Mindset.
Shibin Mohammed|And at the start of every new day, I still believed I could choose my own beginning, one that was scrubbed clean of everything past
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|If we were to understand how important it is to say something and say it well, maybe we wouldn’t write a single word, but that would be tragic.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Without the wetness of your love, the fragrance of your water, or the trickling sounds of your voice ― I shall always feel thirsty.
Michael Cunningham|It had seemed like the beginning of happiness, and Clarissa is still sometimes shocked, more than thirty years later to realize that it was happiness; that the entire experience lay in a kiss and a walk. The anticipation of dinner and a book. The dinner is by now forgotten; Lessing has been long overshadowed by other writers. What lives undimmed in Clarissa's mind more than three decades later is a kiss at dusk on a patch of dead grass, and a walk around a pond as mosquitoes droned in the darkening air. There is still that singular perfection, and its perfect in part because it seemed, at the time, so clearly to promise more. Now she knows: That was the moment, right then. There has been no other.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|My work was done, so it was time to start digging my grave again.
Anthony Liccione|In real life people do occasionally act out of character or do things we wouldn’t normally expect them to do. In fiction, there should be a good reason for a character to do something outside of the ordinary.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Listen to people from your heart, as if your life depended on it, and you will find that in turn people will listen to you with all of theirs.
Dianna Hardy, Heart Of The Wolf|Love finds you, not the other way around, and you can’t run from it.
Srinivas Shenoy|Amid the pointing and the horror, the clean flame.
Donald E. Knuth|Two writings of al-Hassār have survived. The first, entitled Kitāb al-bayān wa t-tadhkār [Book of proof and recall] is a handbook of calculation treating numeration, arithmetical operations on whole numbers and on fractions, extraction of the exact or approximate square root of a whole of fractionary number and summation of progressions of whole numbers (natural, even or odd), and of their squares and cubes. Despite its classical content in relation to the Arab mathematical tradition, this book occupies a certain important place in the history of mathematics in North Africa for three reasons: in the first place, and notwithstanding the development of research, this manual remains the most ancient work of calculation representing simultaneously the tradition of the Maghrib and that of Muslim Spain. In the second place, this book is the first wherein one has found a symbolic writing of fractions, which utilises the horizontal bar and the dust ciphers i.e. the ancestors of the digits that we use today (and which are, for certain among them, almost identical to ours) [Woepcke 1858-59: 264-75; Zoubeidi 1996]. It seems as a matter of fact that the utilisation of the fraction bar was very quickly generalised in the mathematical teaching in the Maghrib, which could explain that Fibonacci (d. after 1240) had used in his Liber Abbaci, without making any particular remark about it [Djebbar 1980 : 97-99; Vogel 1970-80]. Thirdly, this handbook is the only Maghribian work of calculation known to have circulated in the scientific foyers of south Europe, as Moses Ibn Tibbon realised, in 1271, a Hebrew translation.[Mathematics in the Medieval Maghrib: General Survey on Mathematical Activities in North Africa]
Bill Willingham|Today abstraction is no longer that of the map, the double, the mirror, or the concept. Simulation is no longer that of a territory, a referential being or substance. It is the generation by models of a real without origin or reality: A hyperreal. The territory no longer precedes the map, nor does it survive it. It is nevertheless the map that precedes the territory - precession of simulacra - that engenders the territory.
Adam Oakley|The more you condemn yourself for thinking or feeling a certain way, the more you feel stuck within your own body and mind.What if you went the other way and embraced it so totally that it was as if there was never any alternative experience to be reached for? What happens when the conflict ends?
Olly Murs|If people are paying money to see me, then I want them to walk away from the show knowing they had a really great time. I want it to be very energetic and to have fun, sad, emotional and uplifting moments. I want it to have everything!
Mark F. LaMoure|On life's stage for your real life play, always choose the best, most excellent actors for top success.
Robert Holdstock, The Fetch|Many veterans feel guilty because they lived while others died. Some feel ashamed because they didn’t bring all their men home and wonder what they could have done differently to save them. When they get home they wonder if there’s something wrong with them because they find war repugnant but also thrilling. They hate it and miss it.Many of their self-judgments go to extremes. A comrade died because he stepped on an improvised explosive device and his commander feels unrelenting guilt because he didn’t go down a different street. Insurgents used women and children as shields, and soldiers and Marines feel a totalistic black stain on themselves because of an innocent child’s face, killed in the firefight. The self-condemnation can be crippling.The Moral Injury, New York Times. Feb 17, 2015
Debasish Mridha|In life, be daring, look for adventure, provide the service and love the nature.
Stanisław Lem, The Cyberiad|It was as though applied mathematics was my spouse, and pure mathematics was my secret lover.
Daniel N. Robinson, Consciousness and Its Implications|When you know the beginning you will know the end and when we understand that our consciousness is eternal, we see that we are in fact energy. A soul, a consciousness that is always evolving, learning and growing. With each incarnation comes new lessons, and new experiences. We grow the most through incarnation, the challenges, the long separation from source, through the exploration of the vastness of hosting planets. We come from energy and to energy we will return.
Daley Thompson|It's okay to fail 'cause there's no failure, you're just informing the richness of your experience, and that's - that's the greatest gift you can possibly give yourself.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|Father, I serve the Messiah, the Christ. Not any Caesar. His kingdom is not of this world, and no man need fight for it. All empires will pass away, but Christ lives. He is love and peace, and his kingdom will last forever.
|The people who understand the importance and power of following our true passions in life would never tell you that your dream would be impossible to attain. Rather, they would show you some strategic ways to take your passion to greater heights.
Nawal El-Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero|I discovered that all these rulers were men. What they had in common was an avaricious and distorted personality, a never-ending appetite for money, sex and unlimited power. They were men who sowed corruption on the earth, and plundered their peoples, men endowed with loud voices, a capacity for persuasion, for choosing sweet words and shooting poisoned arrows. Thus, the truth about them was revealed only after their death, and as a result I discovered that history tended to repeat itself with a foolish obstinacy.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|You make the best out of it, you can. Nothing is ever as good or as bad as you think it will be. It's what you make of it.
Tara Mohr, Playing Big: Find Your Voice, Your Mission, Your Message|Attachment to praise and avoidance of criticism keeps us from doing innovative, controversial work and--more simply--from following the paths we feel called toward, whether or not those around s understand or approve.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|Thanks, Baba. You are always such a comfort."	She gave him a wry look. "I know. I've been considering becoming a counselor. Or possibly a nurse."	Day shook his head. "If I were you, Baba Yaga, I'd stick to your day job.
Daniel Tammet|When I achieved the European record for reciting pi in 2004, this captured the imagination of Professor Simon Baron-Cohen in Cambridge, and he finally diagnosed me with Asperger's that year.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|When everyone is determined to present someone as a monster, there are two possibilities: either he is a saint orthey are not telling the whole story.
David Klinghoffer|The problem with ID, of course, is that it leaves open the possibility that the intelligence behind nature may have a moral interest in us, having communicated already with humanity in the past, and might try to boss you around in your private af
Julian Baggini|I learn poetry, learn text, and that really keeps you alive.
Henry Ford|I didn't grow up vegan or vegetarian. I grew up with junk food! And because of the way I ate before changing my diet, I can truly understand the challenges of making changes and stepping away from foods that provided a form of comfort and happiness growing up, but finding out that most of what I loved was really bad for me!
Sesan Kareem|The most important ingredient in the soup of life that makes its worthy to relish is the belief that success, greatness, happiness, joy, conquest, victory, triumph, peace and love are indeed achievable.
Ally Condie, Reached|When you look at pictures of people you know are dead, there is something different about the eyes. As if they anticipated their particular fate.It is a visceral recognition. I told myself I was getting too fanciful and went to bed.
Tony Dovale|Bad Culture is the contaminated oxygen your staff breath, as they get indoctrinated by your limiting context.
Jasz Gill|We need a spark to lit a fire inside us. A spark is an inspiration to make art, a fear to find courage, and a pain to provoke strength. A spark is unplanned and unexpected incident that happens in the middle of your ordinary life. After that, it leaves a fire burning in your heart. A fire to achieve, a fire that will keep you going!
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|If this were real life,Ed would have looked at her neck-bite, dead, burp, credits.
Tana French, Faithful Place|Why does a man take it for granted that a girl who flirts with him wants him to kiss her - when, nine times out of ten, she only wants him to want to kiss her?
John Raese|I love what I do, and when I don't love what I do, I'll make a change.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|People have their purposes and reasons, I just wish I found mine.
Ashly Lorenzana|And I just want to tell you, at some point it doesn’t matter who was right and who was wrong. At some point, beingangry is just another bad habit, like smoking, and you keep poisoningyourself without thinking about it.
Vironika Tugaleva|The answers to your problems lie all around you. The keys to your self-discovery are waiting to be found in each sunset, each pair of eyes, each breath of fresh air. Listen to the symphony of life and you will hear yourself. Find the beauty of nature and you have found your soul.
George Lucas|Napster has pointed the way for a new direction for music distribution, and we believe it will form the basis of important and exciting new business models for the future of the music industry.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An introspective person seeks to attain a pure state of consciousness by merging finitude in infinity and by expressing the rapture of the soul through the contemplation and adoration of beauty. In this brief interlude of time, I surrender to becoming a cog in the roadway, an insentient time traveler, a ward of eternity, a day-tripper, a nighttime dream weaver, a blip in the cosmos, a freebase glob of energy, an imaginable disk of bundled vitality that wants for nothing.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|The "Law of Attraction" simply states: “What you think about, you bring about.” Whatever you focus on will expand and attract more of the same. Whatever you are putting out there is usually what you are getting back. So, if you don’t like what you’re getting, you’ve got to change what you are giving.
Rose Wilder Lane|You want a fact???...I'm bad at math but good at chess, I beat the best guy on chess... so you make your own conclusions!
Jenifer Mohammed, Resurrecting Cybele|You know, my poor grandmother once told me that the way to a man’s heart was through his stomach. Life has taught me that it’s actually a few inches lower.
William Shakespeare|I know she hates me, yet cannot choose but love her: No matter, if but to vex her, I'll haunt her still; Though I get nothing else, I'll have my will.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Today cinema can place all its talent, all its technology in the service of reanimating what it itself contributed to liquidating. It only resurrects ghosts, and it itself is lost therein.
Israelmore Ayivor|I will love to be called a foolish man of peace, than to be named a wise man of war. Show me your weapons of war and I will show you my Bible of peace!
Nick Flynn, The Ticking Is the Bomb: A Memoir|The South African artist William Kentridge speaks to this type of certainty: 'To say that one needs art, or politics, that incorporate ambiguity and contradiction is not to say that one then stops recognizing and condemning things as evil. However, it might stop one being so utterly convinced of the certainty of one's own solutions. There needs to be a strong understanding of fallibility and how the very act of certainty or authoritativeness can bring disasters.'The outcome of the current crisis is already determined.
Debasish Mridha|Love as a flower loves the morning sun.Love with kindness, expect no return. Love like the morning sun, expect no return.
William Styron|E quindi uscimmo a riveder le stelle.And so we came forth, and once again beheld the stars.
Stetson Kennedy|There is more than one way to be Kluxed, and we need to think about ourselves and the kind of people we elect into public office.
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Delight in the Lord, He shall give you the desires of your heart.
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning|But nobody is born being able to hear [intervals], and many people never master them. Some people never even notice that "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" and "The Alphabet Song" follow the same melody (and hence consist of the same sequence of intervals).
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 4|You're a Scott," the Dark said, his lips peeled back in displeasure, as if just saying the word was revolting."And you're Irish. I'm so glad we got that settled.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Unfortunately, the world does not always act in a manner consistent with one's plans for it.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|In the midst of the darkness of loss, I found light. Admittedly, in those first weeks, it might have been but a single small spark I sensed deep inside of me, but that spark guided me in the twisted, dark journey of grief. As I stumbled over the roots of hopelessness and despair, that light grew to illuminate my path, a path I sometimes felt very alone on. At some point in the journey I’d turned around, and there was God.That is grace.
Kambiz Shabankare|If you are in a relationship and you care more about what people think or say rather than what you have, you don't deserve that relationship, in fact you don't deserve to be in any relationship at all.
Jeff Duncan|In America, you have the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act. You've got drones now being considered for domestic surveillance. You have the National Security Agency building the world's giantest spy center.
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|The first demand any work of art makes upon us is surrender. Look. Listen. Receive. Get yourself out of the way. (There is no good asking first whether the work before you deserves such a surrender, for until you have surrendered you cannot possibly find out.)
Elton John|Something is wanting, and something must be done, or we shall be involved in all the horror of failure, and civil war without a prospect of its termination.
Thomas Mann|The books and magazines streamed in. He could buy them all, they piled up around him and even while he read, the number of those still to be read disturbed him. … they stood in rows, weighing down his life like a possession which he did not succeed in subordinating to his personality.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Just like "All American" means "White," "All Lives" means "White.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons|Let me get this straight," I said once I was settled securely on the rock. "I was struck by some kind of magical energy sent from Odin that shot out of the lights in the storeroom at Macy's, hitting me and knocking me into a pile of shoes? And because of that, I'm now immortal?
David Lloyd|There's people coming in who've never done any politics at all, who've never been in a trade union, they've never been in a political party, they've never done anything, but they do feel a kind of urgency.
Janet Napolitano|An Internet meme is a hijacking of the original idea. Instead of mutating by random change and spreading by a form of Darwinian selection, Internet memes are altered deliberately by human creativity. There is no attempt at accuracy of copying, as with genes - and as with memes in their original version.
Katherine Mansfield, The Singing Lesson|Everything about her was sweet, pale like honey. You would not have been surprised to see a bee caught in the tangles of that yellow hair.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|If you really think about it, humans must look really strange to animals. We have more than one way of communicating, we're ashamed of our bodies as to where it's a law to wear fabrics, we destroy natural civilizations for artificial ones, and despite being of the same species, we always look past that aspect and question, judge, hurt and kill each other over what makes us different.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Man does not ask for nightmares, he does not ask to be bad. He does not will his own willfulness.
Jonas Karlsson, The Room|Not all tear ducts worked the same. People, as Firdaus learned, cried the hardest when experiencing mixed emotions.
Benjamin Barber|How is it that when we see politics permeate every life sector we call it totalitarianism and when we see religion everywhere we call it theocracy, but when commerce dominates everything we call it liberty?
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|The extreme inequality of our ways of life, the excess of idleness among some and the excess of toil among others, the ease of stimulating and gratifying our appetites and our senses, the over-elaborate foods of the rich, which inflame and overwhelm them with indigestion, the bad food of the poor, which they often go withotu altogether, so hat they over-eat greedily when they have the opportunity; those late nights, excesses of all kinds, immoderate transports of every passion, fatigue, exhaustion of mind, the innumerable sorrows and anxieties that people in all classes suffer, and by which the human soul is constantly tormented: these are the fatal proofs that most of our ills are of our own making, and that we might have avoided nearly all of them if only we had adhered to the simple, unchanging and solitary way of life that nature ordained for us. 
|These days, I spend more time thanking God for His daily blessings than I do asking Him for more. The spirit of gratitude is quite a great feeling.
Bunny Naidu|Don't Cry For Someone, Who Killed Your Smile.
Michelle M. Pillow, Spellbound|Are ya trying' to kill me, lass?"	"Kill you? No." Maggie leaned closer, her hands drifting up and cradling his face as she rolled her hips again in one wicked pass. "Torture you? Maybe.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|NEVER LIVE A LIE BECAUSE"THEY"WON'T ACCEPT YOUR TRUTH!
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you feel overwhelmed, you’re trying too hard. That kind of energy does not help the other person and it does not help you. You should not be too eager to help right away. There are two things: to be and to do. Don’t think too much about to do—to be is first. To be peace. To be joy. To be happiness. And then to do joy, to do happiness—on the basis of being. So first you have to focus on the practice of being. Being fresh. Being peaceful. Being attentive. Being generous. Being compassionate. This is the basic practice. It’s like if the other person is sitting at the foot of a tree. The tree does not do anything, but the tree is fresh and alive. When you are like that tree, sending out waves of freshness, you help to calm down the suffering in the other person.
Hafikah WC|Not all scars show, not all wounds heal. Often we don't see, the pain someone feels.A broken heart is like having broken ribs.No one can see but hurts everytime you breathe.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet: Plain Text: The Graphic Novel|Lily slumped, putting her shaking hands on his shoulders. "But you will, won't you?" Pansy's voice broke into a sob. "Yes, Pan," Galen said quietly. "I don't like that," Pansy said. Galen stood and put his arms around the fine-boned girl, while Rose continued to comfort Lily. Oliver looked away. It was such a private moment; he hated to intrude on it. Galen was beloved by all of the sisters, but the love between him and Rose was so clear and shining that it hurt to look at them, spending their last hours together caring for the other girls.
Shannon L. Alder|Your current situation = the life expectations you have accepted as completed, unless you change your comfort zone to create a better life.
Tammy Sulit, No Return Address: A collection of poems|Haris...as a naive migrantwho just moved here,relying on you tapered worries.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.
Keith Tudor, Dictionary of Person Centred-Psychology|This should be one of the basic attitudes—not to think about what the other is doing. That is his life. If he decides to live it that way, that is his business. Who are you even to have an opinion about it? Even to have an opinion means that you are ready to interfere, you have already interfered.
Luke Lively|Those are just platitudes. Everyone has his own idea of "playing fair." "Does he? Try making up your own idea of what's fair--say, "giving the greatest rewards to the laziest workers"--and see how seriously people take you.
Jane Graves, Black Ties and Lullabies|...And no prenup. Prenups are for people who plan on getting a divorce. I have so much, Bernie. But I've never had anyone to share it with. From now on, what's mine is yours
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|There it was before her - life. Life: she thought but she did not finish her thought. She took a look at life, for she had a clear sense of it there, something real, something private, which she shared neither with her children nor with her husband. A sort of transaction went on between them, in which she was on one side, and life was on another, and she was always trying to get the better of it, as it was of her; and sometimes they parleyed (when she sat alone); there were, she remembered, great reconciliation scenes; but for the most part, oddly enough, she must admit that she felt this thing that she called life terrible, hostile, and quick to pounce on you if you gave it a chance.
Rosalind Miles, The Child of the Holy Grail|No other woman had that air of spring in January, that ever-bubbling fount of love and hope.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Although generally our sight diminishes with age; I submit that our vision improves. The older we get, the more clearly we see our life’s decisions played out to their logical conclusions.
George Washington, Writings|Having now finished the work assigned me, I retire from the great theatre of Action; and bidding an Affectionate farewell to this August body under whose orders I have so long acted, I here offer my Commission, and take my leave of all the employments of public life. (Address to Congress on Resigning Commission Dec 23, 1783)
|It's very important to know when to stop explaining yourself, because not everyone with ears listens with them.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|The truth is I’m a chicken shit coward who’s afraid of a girl like you. When I’m with you, I want things I never thought I’d be able to have, or deserved, and that scares me a little. I’m just a regular guy who works in a bar and you’re this beautiful person who shines brighter than the stars.I think I just made up some cheesy poetry so I’ll stop while I’m ahead.If you feel like talking, give me a call. ~DSophie sat down on the floor and, through blurry eyes, reread the note so many times she had it memorized. She was going to do more than give him a call.
Arun Gandhi, Legacy of Love: My Education in the Path of Nonviolence|When people are forced to respect civil rights and human rights or face legal consequences, they don't like it. Civil rights laws will be scrupulously observed only when people accept that it is morally wrong to oppress or discriminate against fellow human beings. That awareness can come only through education. A law will enable integration in public places, but it does not foster understanding or appreciation in the hearts of people who continue to live with their prejudices.
Paula Stokes, This is How it Happened|Yet in our hands and within our view is a whole universe of discovery and clarification, which is a pleasure to study in itself, gives the average person access to insights that not even Darwin or Einstein possessed, and offers the promise of near-miraculous advances in healing, in energy, and in peaceful exchange between different cultures. Yet millions of people in all societies still prefer the myths of the cave and the tribe and the blood sacrifice.
Bob Proctor|The report card just told me, my teacher, my parents where my mind was at maybe 3 weeks before when they gave me a test HE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH MY POTENTIAL.”― Bob Proctor
Bill Cosby|There is something really horrific for any human being who feels he is being consumed by other people. I'm talking about a writer's critics, who don't address what you've written, but want to probe into your existence and magnify the trivia of your life without any sense of humor, without any sense of context.
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|I don't believe that." She seems like suck a force,this reasonable girl who kills with a turn of her fingers. She would have left all this behind, if she had the chance. "I honestly don't remember," she sighs "I don't think I was strong in life. Now it seems like I loved every moment, that every breath was charmed and crisp." she clasps her hands comically to her chest and breaths in deep through her nose, then blows it out in a huff. "I probably didn't. For all my dreams and fancies, I can't recall being...what would you call it? Perky?
T. Rafael Cimino, The Heir Apparent|When your wife asks you for your opinion, she doesn't really want your opinion. She wants her opinion - just in a deeper voice.
Jonathan Darman, Landslide: LBJ and Ronald Reagan at the Dawn of a New America|Dependence on drugs is not a disease, it is not a virus, it is not something that stalks only the dregs of society. Drug addiction is REALIZED EMOTIONAL DEFICIENCY SYNDROME.
Marek Halter, Mary of Nazareth|I no longer know what the Lord wants of us... Even what we're doing here seems pointless to me! What's the use of the books I've brought with me? All those bookcases in the house? The things we learn, the things we discuss? Not so long ago, I was convinced that cultivating our minds would help us change the course of this world. I told myself, 'We women should change. Then we might be able to curb the folly of men.' I don't believe that now. As soon as I leave Magdala, as soon as I spend a day in the streets of Tarichea, I get the feeling we're becoming more and more learned and more and more useless.
Douglas R. Hofstadter, I Am a Strange Loop|I drink much less than most people think, and I think much more than most people would believe.
Matthew De Abaitua, If Then|Who desired the Great War? No nation benefitted from it. The war brought about the destruction of the Prussian Empire, stripped the British Empire of its ability to hold its colonies, slaughtered the French and starved Germany, inspired a revolution in Russia, and prepared the ground for a more terrible slaughter to come. The great powers didn’t want a war and they certainly didn’t need one. But their people wanted a war. To the surprise of the rulers across the Allies and the Central Powers, the idea of war was seized by the people of every nation.
Clint Eastwood|We allow our ignorance to prevail upon us and make us think we can survive alone, alone in patches, alone in groups, alone in races, even alone in genders.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|This is the fiction that I’m referring to as rhapsody, this stitching of mimetic representation, oneiric imagery, ludic rules, allegoric morals, satiric critique and diegetic story into complex quiltings of narrative.
Clive Barker|Fucking GUNS are fucking AWESOME and when you SHOOT them at SHIT, they fucking KILL it!
Dan Abnett, Xenos|If he speaks again without me knowing who he is, I will throw him out of the window. And I won't open it first.
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|Our lives are led, and our decisions made, within a network of needs and wants, some natural, some arising from the acts of others, some aggravated by the acts of the state. We are all bored, or threatened, or tantalized in differing degrees by a perilous world, some hostile people, and a not very sensitive government.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|Being reveals itself in all its beauty, splendor, and mystery “to him who contemplates it reverently.” ... What's the most beautiful part of the world, the part that has the greatest dignity? It’s not really a part but a person – it’s every person. Personal being is the greatest wonder of the cosmos.
Stefan Zweig, Letter from an Unknown Woman and Other Stories|Another kind of bodily pleasure is that which results from an undisturbed and vigorous constitution of body, when life and active spirits seem to actuate every part. This lively health, when entirely free from all mixture of pain, of itself gives an inward pleasure, independent of all external objects of delight; and though this pleasure does not so powerfully affect us, nor act so strongly on the senses as some of the others, yet it may be esteemed as the greatest of all pleasures; and almost all the Utopians reckon it the foundation and basis of all the other joys of life, since this alone makes the state of life easy and desirable, and when this is wanting, a man is really capable of no other pleasure.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|Connie’s man could be a bit sulky, and Hilda’s a bit jeering. But that is how men are! Ungrateful and never satisfied. When you don’t have them they hate you because you won’t; and when you do have them they hate you again, for some other reason. Or for no reason at all, except that they are discontented children, and can’t be satisfied whatever they get, let a woman do what she may.
Michele Bardsley|I think there are two different oceans - the one that plays with you in the summer, and the one that gets so mad in the winter.
Cassandra Giovanni, Flawed Perfection|Go take a shower, you smell like good sex and unnecessary regret.
Margaret Atwood, The Penelopiad|Point being that you don't have to get too worked up about us, dear educated minds. You don't have to think of us as real girls, real flesh and blood, real pain, real injustice. That might be too upsetting. Just discard the sordid part. Consider us pure symbol. We're no more real than money.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|Do people look the same when they go to heaven, mommy?""I don't know. I don't think so.""Then how do people recognize each other?""I don't know, sweetie. They just feel it. You don't need your eyes to love, right?
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|And I was holding someone who was destined to be my best friend, or possibly my worst enemy.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|My past life is abundantly full of God’s mercy, and, above all sin, stands the forgiving love of the Crucified.
Victoria Michaels, Trust in Advertising|While she was light and sunshine, he was nothing but clouds and darkness.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|(about William Blake)[Blake] said most of us mix up God and Satan. He said that what most people think is God is merely prudence, and the restrainer and inhibitor of energy, which results in fear and passivity and "imaginative death."And what we so often call "reason" and think is so fine, is not intelligence or understanding at all, but just this: it is arguing from our *memory* and the sensations of our body and from the warnings of other people, that if we do such and such a thing we will be uncomfortable. "It won't pay." "People will think it is silly." "No one else does it." "It is immoral."But the only way you can grow in understanding and discover whether a thing is good or bad, Blake says, is to do it. "Sooner strangle an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires."For this "Reason" as Blake calls it (which is really just caution) continually nips and punctures and shrivels the imagination and the ardor and the freedom and the passionate enthusiasm welling up in us. It is Satan, Blake said. It is the only enemy of God. "For nothing is pleasing to God except the invention of beautiful and exalted things." And when a prominent citizen of his time, a logical, opining, erudite, measured, rationalistic, Know-it-all, warned people against "mere enthusiasm," Blake wrote furiously (he was a tender-hearted, violent and fierce red-haired man): "Mere enthusiasm is the All in All!
Don Everly|I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|Some people make you feel worthless. And then there are those who make you feel like a million dollars. Ultimately, it's up to you to decide who you choose to believe.
Allen Wheelis|Matter would have the universe a uniform dispersion, motionless, complete. Spirit would have an earth, a heaven and a hell, whirl and conflict, an incandescent sun to drive away the dark, to illuminate good and evil, would have thought, memory, desire, would build a stairway of forms increasing in complexity, inclusiveness, to a heaven ever receding above, changing always in configuration, becoming when reached but the way to more distant heavens, the last . . . but there is no last, for spirit tends upward without end, wanders, spirals, dips, but tends ever upward, ruthlessly using lower forms to create higher forms, moving toward ever greater inwardness, consciousness, spontaneity, to an ever greater freedom.
Damian Lewis|I feel truth, beauty, love, grief, anger, intimacy & alive in my body... Women in the global south live in their bodies much more than we in the global north. Not as distracted by patriarchy's controlling images - They know power is in their bodies. I am deeply grateful for the women who showed me the way home.
Arthur Laffer|Tobacco companies are legally operating entities in Australia. If the Government thinks that they should not make donations to political parties, well then they should ban them operating as legally structured entities in Australia.
Leah Braemel, Slow Ride Home|His thought processes imploded when she grabbed his ass, her nails digging in a way that set his body on fire. He loved the way her breath was hot on his cheek, the way her eyes had gone unfocused and fluttered closed, her lashes resting softly on her cheeks. She was here and for tonight, this weekend, she was his.
Erich Maria Remarque|I have awaited a storm that should deliver me, pluck me away and now it has come softly, even without my knowledge. But it is here. While I was despairing, thinking everything lost, it was already quietly growing. I had thought that division was always an end. Now I know that growth also is division. And growth means relinquishing. And growth has no end.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|Secrets are revealed as you are ready to understand them. It seems capricious and mean-spirited of the Grimmerie to hold back, to yield and then to tease with a single page – but then the world is the same way, isn’t it. The world rarely shrieks its meaning at you. It whispers, in private language and obscure modalities, in arcane and quixotic imagery, through symbol systems in which every element has multiple meanings determined by juxtaposition.
Ryszard Kapuściński, Travels with Herodotus|Interestingly, the more Americans report knowing about Muslim countries, the more likely they are to hold positive views of those countries. (p. 155)
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|You learned this,” Kabsal said, lifting up her drawing of Jasnah, “from a book.”“Er…yes?”He looked back at the picture. “I need to read more.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|There’s not really such thing as ‘good’ or ‘bad’ people, there’s just like…humanity. And it gets broken sometimes.
Nhat Hanh|When you smile, you don't only appear to be more likable and courteous, you appear to be more competent.
Dada Bhagwan|Through the grace of a thief, one can become a thief and through the grace of a Gnani [the enlightened one], one can become a Gnani [the enlightened one].
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|My life had become a puzzle - its pieces scattered about like paper in the wind, with no one there to chase them but me.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I keep quiet and look out the window. The light is weak and watery-looking, like the sun hast just spilled itself over the horizon and is too lazy to clean itself up. The shadows are as sharp and pointed as needles. I watch three black crows take off simultaneausly from a telephone wire and wish I could take off too, move up, up, up, and watch the ground drop away from me the way it does when you're on an airplane, folding and compressing into itself like an origami figure, until everything is flat and brightly colored - until the world is like a drawing of itself
Pushkar Saraf|Confront all the angry thoughts, feelings, the jealousies and condemnations, to find their cause, seek the root of such feelings and then operate on that. Need of security and reassurance can cause criminal acts.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Hunter-gathers, by nature, store information for use, understanding that there may be a time when information is scarce.
Dante Alighieri|It was a sordid scene. Philip leaned over the rail, staring down, and he ceased to hear the music. They danced furiously. They danced round the room, slowly, talking very little, with all their attention given to the dance. The room was hot, and their faces shone with sweat. It seemed to Philip that they had thrown off the guard which people wear on their expression, the homage to convention, and he saw them now as they really were. In that moment of abandon they were strangely animal: some were foxy and some were wolflike; and others had the long, foolish face of sheep. Their skins were sallow from the unhealthy life the led and the poor food they ate. Their features were blunted by mean interests, and their little eyes were shifty and cunning. There was nothing of nobility in their bearing, and you felt that for all of them life was a long succession of petty concerns and sordid thoughts. The air was heavy with the musty smell of humanity. But they danced furiously as though impelled by some strange power within them, and it seemed to Philip that they were driven forward by a rage for enjoyment. They were seeking desperately to escape from a world of horror. The desire for pleasure which Cronshaw said was the only motive of human action urged them blindly on, and the very vehemence of the desire seemed to rob it of all pleasure. The were hurried on by a great wind, helplessly, they knew not why and they knew not whither. Fate seemed to tower above them, and they danced as though everlasting darkness were beneath their feet. Their silence was vaguely alarming. It was as if life terrified them and robbed them of power of speech so that the shriek which was in their hearts died at their throats. Their eyes were haggard and grim; and notwithstanding the beastly lust that disfigured them, and the meanness of their faces, and the cruelty, notwithstanding the stupidness which was the worst of all, the anguish of those fixed eyes made all that crowd terrible and pathetic. Philip loathed them, and yet his heart ached with the infinite pity which filled him.He took his coat from the cloak-room and went out into the bitter coldness of the night.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|Smile, my beloved, like the gold smiles from my father's coffers.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|If lighthouse becomes a burning candle, flickered upon ocean's insanity.Your sailing heart there anchors to handle the obsessed breeze towards sand dune's vanity.
Rebecca K. Lilley, Breathing Fire|Far be it from me to slow down two badass supermodels on a mission, but we have a problem," a male voice said wryly.I could see Christian out of the corner of my eye as we turned, his stance and movements almost synchronized to my own. We shared a look, our expressions almost identically similar, wit arched brows and half-smiles."What's the problem?" I called out, scanning the faces to see who had spoken."You're a badass supermodel," Christian muttered under his breath at the same time, taking the mature approach, as usual.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|If God loves the world, might that not be proved in my own love for it? I prayed to know in my heart His love for the world, and this was my most prideful, foolish, and dangerous prayer. It was my step into the abyss. As soon as I prayed it, I knew that I would die. I knew the old wrong and the death that lay in the world. Just as a good man would not coerce the love of his wife, God does not coerce the love of His human creatures, not for Himself or for the world or for one another. To allow that love to exist fully and freely, He must allow it not to exist at all. His love is suffering. It is our freedom and His sorrow. To love the world as much even as I could love it would be suffering also, for I would fail. And yet all the good I know is in this, that a man might so love this world that it would break his heart.
Srikumar Rao|What has gone catastrophically wrong in England and the States is that for 30 years we've lost the ability to talk about the state in positive terms. We've raised a generation or two of young people who don't think to ask, 'What can the state do that is good?'
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|You read a book for the story, for each of its words," Gordy said, "and you draw your cartoons for the story, for each of the words and images. And, yeah, you need to take that seriously, but you should also read and draw because really good books and cartoons give you a boner."I was shocked:"Did you just say books should give me a boner?""Yes, I did.""Are you serious?""Yeah... don't you get excited about books?""I don't think that you're supposed to get THAT excited about books.""You should get a boner! You have to get a boner!" Gordy shouted. "Come on!"We ran into the Reardan High School Library."Look at all these books," he said."There aren't that many," I said. It was a small library in a small high school in a small town."There are three thousand four hundred and twelve books here," Gordy said. "I know that because I counted them.""Okay, now you're officially a freak," I said."Yes, it's a small library. It's a tiny one. But if you read one of these books a day, it would still take you almost ten years to finish.""What's your point?""The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don't know."Wow. That was a huge idea.Any town, even one as small as Reardan, was a place of mystery. And that meant Wellpinit, the smaller, Indian town, was also a place of mystery."Okay, so it's like each of these books is a mystery. Every book is a mystery. And if you read all of the books ever written, it's like you've read one giant mystery. And no matter how much you learn, you keep on learning so much more you need to learn.""Yes, yes, yes, yes," Gordy said. "Now doesn't that give you a boner?""I am rock hard," I said.
Anaïs Nin|With such luck as this, he rode the beast in the jaunty way that she deserved, back north, seemingly back from Mexico, pulling up finally at an outlying bar-ex-saloon (they had covered the old adobe face with knotty pine, substituted big stone matades for the cuspidors) and having brought her wrecklessly this far did not park her in the little parking lot but in front of the church next door. They had lifted that face too and neonized, but it did no good, they seemed to know they had no chance against an older god, their doors were closed. Thus one could join the pagan worshipers with a self-righteous shrug, through latticed doors.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|I think we’re part of a greater wisdom that we will ever understand; a higher order, call it what you want. Know what I call it? The Big Electron. It doesn’t punish, it doesn’t reward, it doesn’t judge at all. It just is.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Principle-centred leadership, consistent leadership, stewardship and servant leadership are all values-driven. Always go back to reflect on your beliefs and values as you go about your leadership responsibilities.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|What we mean when we say that something is "cultural" is that it is roughly similar to what we find in other members of the particular group we are considering, and unlike what we would find in members of a contrast group. This is why it is confusing to say that people share a culture, as if culture were common property. We may have strictly identical amounts of money in our respective wallets without sharing any of it!
Kellyn Roth, The Dressmaker's Secret|Ghosts!” gasped Alice. “Real, live ghosts?”“No! Not ‘real, live ghosts!’ Spooky, dead ghosts!
Simone Weil|The joy of learning is as indispensable in study as breathing is in running. Where it is lacking there are no real students, but only poor caricatures of apprentices who, at the end of their apprenticeship, will not even have a trade.
James Carl Nelson, Five Lieutenants: The Heartbreaking Story of Five Harvard Men Who Led America to Victory in World War I|It is not what you look at, but rather what you see that matters. Set your focus right.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.
Erica Jong, Fear of Fifty: A Midlife Memoir|There's an old joke about a mother watching a column of soldiers pass by. Her son is in the ranks. All those men out of step, she says, except our Fred.
Vijay Kedia|Investing is like Yoga. Body, mind and soul have to be aligned.
Donna Lynn Hope|The author points out that, with life in provincial Washington difficult for those not of independent means, Adams and his wife undervalued the social connections that others found vital. They often made an impression as distant and prideful.
Roberto Benigni|There's nothing to be gained, and much to be lost, in trying to bend every child to match a one-size-fits-all notion of what it means to be a boy or girl of a specific age. Better to set a few parameters and then go with the flow. Call it 'jazz parenting.'
Dale Carnegie|By talking to yourself every hour of the day, you can direct yourself to think thoughts of courage and happiness, thoughts of power and peace. By talking to yourself about the things you have to be grateful for, you can fill your mind with thoughts that soar and sing.
Howard Kerr, The Haunted Dusk|But the recurrent ambiguity of the American tale of the supernatural reveals both a fascination with the possibility of numinous experience and a perplexity about whether there was, in fact, anything numinous to be experienced. Writers often delighted in leading readers into, but not out of, the haunted dusk of the borderland.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our soul is that part of our being which possesses intelligence, conscience, and memory—the real personality. Your body will die, but your soul lives on. And that soul has a “sixth sense”—the ability to believe, to have faith.
Jonathan Lethem|This was the time when all we could talk about was sentences, sentences—nothing else stirred us. Whatever happened in those days, whatever befell our regard, Clea and I couldn’t rest until it had been converted into what we told ourselves were astonishingly unprecedented and charming sentences: “Esther’s cleavage is something to be noticed” or “You can’t have a contemporary prison without contemporary furniture” or “I envision an art which will make criticism itself seem like a cognitive symptom, one which its sufferers define to themselves as taste but is in fact nothing of the sort” or “I said I want my eggs scrambled not destroyed.”At the explosion of such a sequence from our green young lips, we’d rashly scribble it on the wall of our apartment with a filthy wax pencil, or type it twenty-five times on the same sheet of paper and then photocopy the paper twenty-five times and then slice each page into twenty-five slices on the paper cutter in the photocopy shop and then scatter the resultant six hundred and twenty-five slips of paper throughout the streets of our city, fortunes without cookies.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Hermione, if Harry’s seen a Grim, that’s — that’s bad,” he said.“My — my uncle Bilius saw one and — and he died twenty-four hours later!”“Coincidence,” said Hermione airily, pouring herself some pumpkin juice.“You don’t know what you’re talking about!” said Ron, starting to get angry. “Grims scare the living daylights out of most wizards!” “There you are, then,” said Hermione in a superior tone. “They see the Grim and die of fright. The Grim’s not an omen, it’s the cause of death! And Harry’s still with us because he’s not stupid enough to see one and think, right, well, I’d better kick the bucket then!
Helen Rowland|When a girl marries, she exchanges the attention of many men for the inattention of one.
William Edward Hartpole Lecky, The Map of Life, Conduct, and Character|That vice has often proved an emancipator of the mind, is one of the most humiliating, but, at the same time, one of the most unquestionable facts in history.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., If This Isn't Nice, What Is?: Advice for the Young|Reflection can be painful, but reflection can also be productive.
Michael Levenson|So he was queer, E.M. Forster. It wasn't his middle name (that would be 'Morgan'), but it was his orientation, his romping pleasure, his half-secret, his romantic passion. In the long-suppressed novel Maurice the title character blurts out his truth, 'I'm an unspeakable of the Oscar Wilde sort.' It must have felt that way when Forster came of sexual age in the last years of the 19th century: seriously risky and dangerously blurt-able. The public cry had caught Wilde, exposed and arrested him, broken him in prison. He was one face of anxiety to Forster; his mother was another. As long as she lived (and they lived together until she died, when he was 66), he couldn't let her know.
Robert Plant|God blessed me with two unbelievable parents, and I am just like both of them. I have the smile and charisma of my mother and the big heart of my mom, because she wants to save the world and help the world, so I am just like her.
Jamie S. Rich, The Everlasting|He says he knows someone isn't from the same race as he when that person looks at his library and asks, 'Have you read all of these?' A true book lover knows that, no, he hasn't read them all. It's about the process, it's about when the right reference comes up, you have the right book to go to; it's about never being without something to occupy your eyes and mind.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|Wonder why we can do this,' he called out with his mind. The mental effort of speaking to her was already straining—he felt a headache forming like a bulge in his brain. 'Maybe we were lovers,' Teresa said. Thomas tripped and crashed to the ground. Smiling sheepishly at Minho, who’d turned to look without slowing, Thomas got back up and caught up to him. 'What?' he finally asked. He sensed a laugh from her, a watery image full of color.
Edward Abbey, Down the River|People carry around with them internalization's fixed-feature space learned early in life. Man is like other members of the animal kingdom , first, last and always a prisoner of his biological organism. No matter how hard he tries, it is impossible for him to the best himself of his own culture, where it has penetrated to the roots of his nervous system and determines how he perceives the world.
Santosh Kalwar|Simple the life, simpler will be your instincts, the laws that govern universe will obey your simplicity.
H.M. Ward, Stone Prison|Did you know that a mind full of malice and hate is able to actually attack another's body and mind? Thus preventing good from taking place (or at least delaying and disrupting the good)? It's true, and we can call it a "psi-attack" or simply an attack from negativism. The way to overcome these forms of attacks is through cultivating a true Positive Soul through the energy of Love. The Love Nature of your Soul is powerful enough to counteract such attacks, because that positive energy forms a blanket around you. Real life isn't much unlike the movies, aside from the fact that in real life, these things truly affect your life immensely, unlike sitting down in a cinema. The vampires of the world are those who can in fact launch massive psi-attacks on whoever they focus their negative energies onto, and for whatever reasons that may be.
Rhianna Pratchett|Because I believe that humans are computers, I conjectured that computers, like people, can have left- and right-handed versions.
Harlan Ellison, Dangerous Visions|There was, in my view, an unwritten contract with the reader that the writer must honour. No single element of an imagined world or any of its characters should be allowed to dissolve on an authorial whim. The invented had to be as solid and as self-consistent as the actual. This was a contract founded on mutual trust.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|Do you know, Watson," said he, "that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|This history of culture will explain to us the motives, the conditions of life, and the thought of the writer or reformer. 
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|First, the physiological symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder have been brought within manageable limits. Second, the person is able to bear the feelings associated with traumatic memories. Third, the person has authority over her memories; she can elect both to remember the trauma and to put memory aside. Fourth, the memory of the traumatic event is a coherent narrative, linked with feeling. Fifth, the person's damaged self-esteem has been restored. Sixth, the person's important relationships have been reestablished. Seventh and finally, the person has reconstructed a coherent system of meaning and belief that encompasses the story of trauma.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|the absence isn’t immediate, more a fade from the present tense you shared, a melting into the past, not an erasure but a conversion in form, from presence to memory, from solid to liquid, and the person you once touched now runs over your skin, now in sheets down your back, and you may bathe, may sink, may drown in the memory, but your fingers cannot hold it.
Valenciya Lyons, Life After Natalie|The only reason I asked is because, in terms of learning how to forgive someone, I’ve been where you’re headed. Don’t let her win; don’t let this eat away at you until there’s nothing left.
Kate Summerscale, The Suspicions of Mr. Whicher: A Shocking Murder and the Undoing of a Great Victorian Detective|An ax came through the door. Then two firefighters. They looked down at and assistant mall manager crying and wearing a melted toupee, sitting cross-legged next to a mall cop with a bleeding ankle and a mouth full of paper. One of the firefighters look at the other. "Not again.
K. Valisumbra, Mortlake and Other Stories|An idea: a theory or an equation, might sit around unnoticed for decades, centuries, even, before it's rediscovered and put to some use. That's how it works: it makes connections with other ideas, other knowledge, gathering momentum all the time, growing exponentially if it's strong enough. Just like it would connect and grow within the billions of neurons in a single mind.
Dave Ramsey, The Total Money Makeover: A Proven Plan for Financial Fitness|The love of money, not money, is root of all evil.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|With his ardent passion for energy and ability to make the most out of little, Tulga Demir has successfully entered the renewable energy industry through biomass gasification, combined heat and power, and waste-to- energy power solutions
Andre Agassi, Open|You are in control of your life, when you refuse to be provoke.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|I thought, He must forebear to reveal His power and glory by presenting Himself as Himself, and must be present only in the ordinary miracle of the existence of His creatures. Those who wish to see Him must see Him in the poor, the hungry, the hurt, the wordless creatures, the groaning and travailing beautiful world.
C.K. Webb|Most people keep their dreams to themselves, afraid to follow their hearts. Writers make their dreams a reality with each word, each line that flows from their pen.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|The Hierarchic Qualm: The sword kills. But the arm moves the sword. Is the arm to blame for murder? No. The mind moves the arm. Is the mind to blame? No. The mind has sworn an oath to duty, and that duty moves the mind, as written by the Throne. So it is that a servant of the Throne is blameless.
Sunday Adelaja|I’ve been thinking a lot about legacies lately. Life seems to be a waste without someone to share it with and even more so when there’s no one to benefit from your efforts when you’re gone. Sort of makes you want to throw your hands up in the air and stop working. Luckily, that feeling forces you to focus more on today… even if only to avoid being depressed while thinking about an empty, distant tomorrow. What can I do today to enrich others? What can I share with the people I encounter today?
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|Just remember, there’s not a lot of softness in his life, or room for weakness—of which you’re definitely one. He has absolutely no idea what to do with you, and as an action guy, that’s confusing to him. So maybe think about taking it easy on him. Even just a little bit.
C. JoyBell C.|In the beginning, the price of giving great love is risking that it won't be returned. Until you understand, of course, that great love is always returned. With interest.
Sandeep Sahajpal|When we break 5M’s of Manufacturing Efficiency - Men, Machine, Materials, Methods & Money to personal level, the first two M’s will spell Minutes & Mind, and rest remain constant!
Graham Greene|Imagination, curiosity, passion, creativity these are the words that move me!
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|That's the cool thing about having a best friend. They know what your pain feels like already, so you don't have to explain it.
Sunday Adelaja|God is not supposed to fix the earth, he created man for that.
Abhijit Naskar|You must remember, the so-called Jihadis who are in reality, mentally unstable individuals run by Quranic fundamentalists, do not represent the whole Muslim population of the world.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Listen to 'The Voice', not the choice
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|Don't make a bridge which divides you with everyone by your own assumptions ....."As distance always doesn't ensure solutions
Debasish Mridha|True education makes you beautiful like a butterfly, but it demands a transformation.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|Since children from dysfunctional families are so good at judging others, they also judge themselves finding themselves unacceptable when compared to others, always assuming they are second best, not enough. This is a painful realization so often they hide behind righteous arrogance.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|If I must fall, may it be from a high place.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|It's all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen. (Oct 4, 2011)
Julie B.  Campbell, Love at First Plight|Music had always had the ability to help ease my suffering. I sang a great deal at home. I sang to myself and to Lord Imery. Sometimes, I played the harp to accompany myself. Learning such a graceful instrument had filled my heart with pride. I loved the feeling of adding something beautiful to a room.I looked down at my shaking hands. There were no melodies left in those withered fingers.
Emily Post|The most advertised commodity is not always intrinsically the best; but is sometimes merely the product of a company, with plenty of money to spend on advertising.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|When you master the basics, and execute them well, there’s no need to worry about the score.
Stefan Emunds|When you start to notice the mystical, the mystical will start to notice you.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|There is a dead spot in the night, that coldest, blackest time when the world has forgotten evening and dawn is not yet a promise. A time when it is far too early to arise, but so late that going to bed makes small sense.
Saahil Prem|You are either the person you were or the person you are, eventually you have to let go of one
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Each second of my four years, two months, and seven days in the attic dragged on forever, and nothing ever changed. But outside the attic, everything changed, and so violently fast. Destruction and devastation for all of us, whether we were in the attic or out.
René Guénon|Sciences can only be validly constituted as ‘sacred sciences’ by those who, before all else, are in full possession of principia! Knowledge and are thereby qualified to carry out, in conformity with the strictest traditional orthodoxy, all the adaptations required by circumstances of time and place. However, when these sciences have been so established, their teaching may follow an inverse order: they then serve as it were as 'illustrations’ of pure doctrine, which they render more easily accessible to certain minds, and the fact that they are concerned with the world of multiplicity gives them an almost indefinite variety of points of view, adapted to the no less great variety of the individual aptitudes of those whose minds are still limited to that same world of multiplicity. The ways leading to knowledge may be extremely different at the lowest degree, but they draw closer and closer together as higher levels are reached. This is not to say that any of these preparatory degrees are absolutely necessary, since they are mere contingent methods having nothing in common with the end to be attained; it is even possible for some persons, in whom the tendency to contemplation is predominant, to attain directly to true intellectual intuition without the aid of such means; but this is a more or less exceptional case, and in general it is accepted as being necessary to proceed upward gradually. The whole question may also be illustrated by means of the traditional image of the 'cosmic wheel’: the circumference in reality exists only in virtue of the center, but the beings that stand upon the circumference must necessarily start from there or, more precisely, from the point thereon at which they actually find themselves, and follow the radius that leads to the center. Moreover, because of the correspondence that exists between all the orders of reality, the truths of a lower order can be taken as symbols of those of higher orders, and can therefore serve as 'supports’ by which one may arrive at an understanding of these; and this fact makes it possible for any science to become a sacred science, giving it a higher or 'anagogical’ meaning deeper than that which it possesses in itself.
Amber McRee Turner, Sway|You wanted to be the cheese,” I said.“The what?" "The cheese, the gooey good stuff that fills in the empty space when a slice is taken away.
William J. Reilly, How to Avoid Work|Without Time nothing is possible. Everything requires Time. Time is the only permanent and absolute ruler in the universe. But she is a scrupulously fair ruler. She treats every living person exactly alike every day. No matter how much of the world's goods you have managed to accumulate, you cannot successfully plead for a single moment more than the pauper receives without every asking for it. Time is the one great leveler. Everyone has the same amount to spend every day.
Sam Brownback|When it comes to beauty, I feel that hanging with people you love, laughing, and doing silly things gets your spirits up. We are always prettier when we are happier.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Do not let sin reign in your mortal body so that you obey its evil desires.’Romans 6:12Self-control is one of the great keys to success in life. And since God’s Word has a lot to say about it, if you ask Him He will help you to cultivate it. What you struggled with when you were young will be different from the things you struggle with when you’re older, but you’ll face temptation in one form or another as long as you live. Self-control is one of the nine fruits of the Spirit listed in the Bible (see Galatians 5:22-23). It calls for bringing every aspect of your life under the mastery of the Holy Spirit. It’s a lifestyle characterised by discipline, not impulse.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke|Some readers were aware that the novels they loved amounted to a propaganda campaign, that the love stories had a particular agenda that might or might not have anything at all to do with reality. But then as now, being a canny and independent-minded consumer of popular media did not bar one from also enjoying being manipulated by it.
Marcus Luttrell, Lone Survivor: The Eyewitness Account of Operation Redwing and the Lost Heroes of SEAL Team 10|We're like America's little pit bull. They beat it, starve it, mistreat it, and once in a while they let it out to attack somebody.
Charles Dickens|There was once a king, and he had a queen; and he was the manliest of his gender, and she was the loveliest of hers. They had nineteen children, and were always having more.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|He never treated her as a wife. He wooed her over and over again, with presents, flowers, new pleasures.
Rob Liano|Stop believing the false hope that "if it’s meant to be” it will happen. If that were true, everyone would be content, wealthy, fit and have great relationships. You must plan, act, persevere, make better choices, know your value and never, ever accept less than you truly deserve. It's not up to chance, it's up to you.
Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You|All their lives Nath had understood, better than anyone, the lexicon of their family, the things they could never truly explain to outsiders: that a book or a dress meant more than something to read or something to wear; that attention came with expectations that—like snow—drifted and settled and crushed you with their weight.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|You look lousy,' he said. Jace blinked. 'Seems an odd time to start an insult contest, but if you insist, I could probably think up something good.''No I mean it. You don't look good.''This is from a guy ho has all the sex appeal of a penguin. Look, I realize you may be jealous that the good Lord didn't deal you the same chiseled hand he dealt me, but that's no reason to-' 'I am not trying to insult you.' Simon snapped.
Suki Michelle, The Apocalypse Gene|And against whom is this censorship directed? By way of answer, think back to the big subcultural debates of 2011 – debates about how gritty fantasy isn’t really fantasy; how epic fantasy written from the female gaze isn’t really fantasy; how women should stop complaining about sexism in comics because clearly, they just hate comics; how trying to incorporate non-Eurocentric settings into fantasy is just political correctness gone wrong and a betrayal of the genre’s origins; how anyone who finds the portrayal of women and relationships in YA novels problematic really just wants to hate on the choices of female authors and readers; how aspiring authors and bloggers shouldn’t post negative reviews online, because it could hurt their careers; how there’s no homophobia in publishing houses, so the lack of gay YA protagonists can only be because the manuscripts that feature them are bad; how there’s nothing problematic about lots of pretty dead girls on YA covers; how there’s nothing wrong with SF getting called ‘dystopia’ when it’s marketed to teenage girls, because girls don’t read SF. Most these issues relate to fear of change in the genre, and to deeper social problems like sexism and racism; but they are also about criticism, and the freedom of readers, bloggers and authors alike to critique SFF and YA novels without a backlash that declares them heretical for doing so.It’s not enough any more to tiptoe around the issues that matter, refusing to name the works we think are problematic for fear of being ostracized. We need to get over this crushing obsession with niceness – that all fans must act nicely, that all authors must be nice to each other, that everyone must be nice about everything even when it goes against our principles – because it’s not helping us grow, or be taken seriously, or do anything other than throw a series of floral bedspreads over each new room-hogging elephant.We, all of us, need to get critical.Blog post: Criticism in SFF and YA
Garret Keizer, No Place But Here: A Teacher's Vocation in Rural Community|People in the city are poor because they are oppressed, discriminated against and alienated; people in the country are poor because they're too stupid to realize they ought to be living in the city.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.
Ryan Sohmer|Love me. You have destroyed everything! But if you love me, it can all be restored in a new form. Love me.
Peter V. Brett|I studied dance at a high school arts magnet program before moving on to Miami's New World School of the Arts, and from there, I went on to study at The Juilliard School.
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|We are no longer awkward younglings. Our enemies may be fearsome, but so are we. It is time we remind them of that.
Kiersten White, In the Shadows|In the daylight, order ruled, fences stood, how-do-you-do's and polite nods were the recipe. But at night, darkness rendered everything still and hush and secret. Minnie was a curator of secrets.
John Henrik Clarke|When I was in the first grade I was afraid of the teacher and had a miserable time in the reading circle, a difficulty that was overcome by the loving patience of my second grade teacher. Even though I could read, I refused to do so.
Patrick Califia-Rice, Some Women|I was caught by him. I was absolutely, unintentionally ensnared. Held by the look in his cocoa brown eyes when he spoke, commanding me. I shivered at his words as if they were touches sliding down my spine.
T.A. Barron|Ah, life's little surprises! They can make any day unforgettable... or make it your last.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|In every way that counted, I was dead. Inside somewhere maybe I was screaming and weeping and howling like an animal, but that was another person deep inside, another person who had no access to the lips and face and mouth and head, so on the surface I just shrugged and smile and kept moving. If I could have physically passed away, just let it all go, like that, without doing anything, stepped out of life as easily as walking through a door I would have done. But I was going to sleep at night and waking in the morning, disappointed to be there and resigned to existence.
Steve Blank|In modern life, we tend to forget family values because of the hectic schedule.
John Mark Green|And if we never visit Paris, that's okay. Your heart is my exotic destination every day.
James     Baldwin|Other unsolved murders or untimely deaths were readily blamed on the supposedly sinister Jews: If a Jewish doctor failed to save a life, the whole Jewish community might be attacked and fined.
Jean Baudrillard|If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Edgar A. Guest|Sometimes "the fool who rushes in" gets the job done.
The Prophet Isaiah|Grace equals ability. God gives us grace to match our call. When we do our own thing, we do it on our own. When we follow His leading, He always supplies the grace and the energy to do what He's calling us to do.
Damon Galgut, Arctic Summer|One’s first love is the most transformative and least replicable experience. I could love someone else, but it would be its own unfathomable emotion. It would not be this precious, first, spring love. If I cannot love her fully, it will be a love that corrodes within me.
Jiang Rong|Opportunities present themselves only to the patient, man and beast, and only they take advantage of those opportunities.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What must I do to be saved? Believe in the Saviour, Jesus Christ.
Augustine of Hippo|Listen, Monsieur Director, here's what I think. Obviously this is wrong. There are twenty-six of you in five or six small rooms; there are three of us in space enough for sixty. That is wrong, I assure you. You have my house and I am in yours. Give me back mine and this will be your home.
Petra Hermans|Michael Ende + Petra HermansThere is joy of life.AmenNovember 20, 2016
Pazaria Smith, Sacrifice of Love, Jesus Christ and the Cross|You must know, the day your star exploded into my universe, you altered it all. You exposed my light and my dark, settled into my existence and there you will be and glow in the matter of my heart, long after light is only a memory. You have changed things for always.
Kate McGahan|I prayed for someone to love me as much as I love you. Eventually I came to see that that "someone" was me.
Debasish Mridha|For an immortal life, don't look for power, but be the source of power and inspiration for others.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|When it comes to life, we spin our own yarn, and where we end up is really, in fact, where we always intended to be.
A.W. Tozer|When we try to focus our thought upon One who is pure uncreated being we may see nothing at all, for He dwelleth in light that no man can approach unto. Only by faith and love are we able to glimpse Him as He passes by our shelter in the cleft of the rock.
Erik Pevernagie|You can quarrel with a person's ideas, but not with their experience.
Wu Cheng'en, Monkey: A Journey to the West|Nothing in this world is difficult, but thinking makes it seem so. Where there is true will, there is always a way.
Dougie Brimson, Top Dog|It has always been my belief that I, too, will die by violence. I have done all that I can to be prepared.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|High school and college students like to torture their bodies. They pull countless all-nighters, continually skip breakfast, eat nothing but ramen noodles for dinner, find creative new ways to guzzle alcohol, transform into couch potatoes, and gain 15 pounds at the freshman dinner buffet. At least, that's the stereotype.
Marguerite Duras, Summer Rain|The words emerge from her body without her realizing it, as if she were being visited by the memory of a language long forsaken.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|We cannot deal with people like human beings, we cannot deal with them on the high level of true humanity, unless we really know their origin-who they are. God tells man who he is. God tells us that He created man in His image. So man is something wonderful.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|You are surrounded by ignorance, savagery and fanaticism. You live in a society where everyone thinks he/she knows about everything in the whole universe. If you find yourself among those intellectual idiots, then being good and humble may give rise to doubts in your mind about your own ideas. So, you must first learn to distinguish between real and shallow intellect. Then, as a self- preservation tactic, you need to let your pretence of arrogance grow as big as a Dinosaur, so that the fake intellectuals start to realize their true inferiority in front of you.
Billy Childish|Yes, it must be something that goes very well with my voice, let's say something that I understand that this would be good communication with the others, and I don't pretend for instance, to look for music that would be something that doesn't go with my personality.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|In our loss and fear we craved the acts of religion, the ceremonies that allow us to admit our helplessness, our dependence on the great forces we do not understand.
John D. Rockefeller|Our rights are interconnected and inseparable. When freedom of expression is threatened, the rights to freedom of association and assembly, of thought, conscience and religion, are also compromised.
Iris Murdoch|I was very influenced by the musicals and romantic comedies of the 1930s. I admired Gene Harlow and such, which probably explains why, since the end of my marriage, I've dated nothing but a succession of blondes.
Amy Jenkins, Funny Valentine|They say you’re meant to live everyday as if it were your last, which I’ve always thought was daft, since no one would ever pay the gas bill if that was the case, but what if it were your first?
E.L. Doctrow|As a people we practiced excess. Excess in everything - pleasure, gaud display, endless toil, and death. Vagrant children slept in the alleys. Ragpicking was a profession. A conspicuously self-satisfied class of new wealth and weak intellect was all aglitter in a setting of mass misery.
Rosemary Edghill, The Sword of Maiden's Tears|Two hundred generations of European Jews. All gone, just as if they'd never been. It was the first time it was really real for me--just as if I were standing at the top of a ladder and somebody yanked the ladder away--and I was still standing there, only now it was *possible* to fall, because all my connections had been cut away, and there I was looking down into empty space, thinking about how I'd come this close to just not existing at all.
Ludwig Reiners in : Norbert Kutschki, Gedanken für den Alltag - Übersetzung: TheWolfmyinnerSoul /Arv|The insight into the true order of values is not easy to achieve. It is difficult for anyone to prevail in the struggle against the fear, which does not serve an old Goethean advice. In the ideal communion which Goethe draws up in his wandering years, the quaint rule is that their members must never speak of past or future, but only of the present present.Most people sacrifice the day to the day. They are not satisfied with the task of considering and solving the problems they are now posing, but in anxious thoughts they draw down on the burden of coming times. Although we can never take the second step before we have done the first, we always consider the fiftieth or the hundredth. But Johannes Muller's theorem is one of the fundamental principles of life: "Do what is present, and wait, what will."Very many have a strange position on the past, present and future. The past transfigures them, they despair of the future, and the present they fail to miss, by their memories and fears. But the present is the only real thing that does not seize it, never reaches life. That is why we should consciously enjoy every tolerable hour without letting it darken future clouds.
Charles R. Swindoll|The problem with evil people is that they can see only evil in others. It is one of the worst curses of being evil, that you can no longer experience good. 
John Calvin, Commentaries on the Catholic Epistles|For though God has promised to do whatsoever his people may ask, yet he does not allow them an unbridled liberty to ask whatever may come to their minds; but he has at the same time prescribed to them a law according to which they are to pray. And doubtless nothing is better for us than this restriction; for if it was allowed to every one of us to ask what he pleased, and if God were to indulge us in our wishes, it would be to provide very badly for us. For what may be expedient we know not; nay, we boil over with corrupt and hurtful desires. But God supplies a twofold remedy, lest we should pray otherwise than according to what his own will has prescribed; for he teaches us by his word what he would have us to ask, and he has also set over us his Spirit as our guide and ruler, to restrain our feelings, so as not to suffer them to wander beyond due bounds. For what or how to pray, we know not, says Paul, but the Spirit helpeth our infirmity, and excites in us unutterable groans. (Romans 8:26.) We ought also to ask the mouth of the Lord to direct and guide our prayers; for God in his promises has fixed for us, as it has been said, the right way of praying.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I thought there was no use for me in reading Sun Tzu and Machiavelli because I am neither a warrior nor a politician, but it turned out to be useful when I married
Albert Einstein|Slowly but surely, we are acquiring that famous culture of democracy, which is our objective.
Herman Melville, Moby Dick|Cannibals? Who is not a cannibal? I tell you it will be more tolerable for the Fejee that salted down a lean missionary in his cellar against a coming famine; it will be more tolerable for that provident Fejee, I say, in the day of judgement, than for thee, civilized and enlightened gourmand, who nailest geese to the ground and feastest on their bloated livers in thy pate de fois gras.
Marie Clements, The Unnatural and Accidental Women|REBECCA:If you sit long enough, maybe everything becomes clear. Maybe you can make sense of all the losses and find one thing you can hold on to. I'm sitting here thinking of everything that has passed, everyone that is gone, and hoping I can find her, my mother. Not because she is my first choice, but because she is my last choice and... my world has gone to shit.
Charmian Carr, Forever Liesl|Someone once told me that children are like kites. You struggle just to get them in the air; they crash; you add a longer tail. Then they get caught in a tree; you climb up and bring them down, and untangle the string; you run to get them aloft again. Finally, the kite is airborne, and it flies higher and higher, as you let out more string, until it's so high in the sky, it looks like a bird. And if the string snaps, and you've done your job right, the kite will continue to soar in the wind, all by itself.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Wicked Intentions|Truth to tell, the longer I live, the more I'm tempted to think that the only moderately worthwhile people in the world are you and I.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|There is a kind of transaction that occurs between a person and a place: you give the place something and it gives you something in return. In years to come, Hodel would know for certain not only what Nerchinsk had taken, but what it had given her as well.
