John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Will raised both eyebrows. 'Well, you learn a new thing everyday,' he said reflectively.'In your case, that's no exaggeration,' Halt said, completely straight-faced.
Mari Mancusi, Gamer Girl|We saw Uncle Jack every Christmas, and every Christmas he yelled across the street for Miss Maudie to come marry him. Miss Mauide would yell back, "Call a little louder, Jack Finch, and they'll hear you the post office, I haven't heard you yet!" Jem and I thought this a strange way to ask for a lady's hand in marriage, but then again Uncle Jack was rather strange.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be yourself, be brave.
Randi Kreger, Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care about Has Borderline Personality Disorder|Domestic violence is any behavior involving physical, psychological, emotional, sexual or verbal abuse. It is any form of aggression intended to hurt, damage, or kill an intimate person.
John Zakour, The Flaxen Femme Fatale|My number one fear is heights. Well, not so much the heights but the falling from heights. Actually the falling isn’t that bad (I have a strong heart), it’s the sudden stops that are painful. Believe me — I experienced it once.
Joseph Addison|Man is subject to innumerable pains and sorrows by the very condition of humanity, and yet, as if nature had not sown evils enough in life, we are continually adding grief to grief and aggravating the common calamity by our cruel treatment of one another.
Voltaire, Candide|Complexity begets ambiguity, which yields in all ways to prejudice and avarice. Complication does not so much defeat Men as arm them with fancy.
H. G. Wells|Geopolitical drama lessened but did not die after the Cold War; in 2008, the specter of thousands of seeming automatons banging drums at the opening of the Beijing Games frightened and enthralled the world, reminding us that China was a nation on the rise, a competitor for global dominance.
Paul David Tripp|I listened to you tell me, tell everyone, and all the world, “Praise the Lord.” You were broken, but not by bullets and bombs. You were broken by grace.
Amy Tan|If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
George A. Kos, Wizards' Secret Service. Classified: The Brotherhood of Darkness|Evil surrounds everyone, but not everyone is able to confront it.
Peter De Vries, The Blood of the Lamb|Moxie gave me a small smile. "Why do you always say that- which here means?""I'll probably outgrow it," I said.
Ika Natassa, The Architecture of Love|Romance is good, you know
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Integrity is a bugger, it really is. Lying can get you into difficulties, but to really wind up in the crappers try telling nothing but the truth.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau|I'm right on the edge of getting another movie. It's between me and a famous person. The studio said they're thinking about going with somebody with a name. I said, 'That's great! Because I have one!'
Karan Singh Grover|I always knew I'd keep at it with the plodding doggedness that I used to master lump-less gravy and wriggle out of fitness classes; I always knew I'd get a zillion rejection slips. I figured I'd write part time while working various full-time office jobs, and maybe, maybe in my 50s, I'd be able to quit and try writing full time.
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, but some, to dream.
Arun Joshi, The Strange Case of Billy Biswas|Amongst all the colours in this multicoloured world, even jet black has its reserved place.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|The mysterious magnet is either there, buried somewhere deep behind the sternum, or it is not.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we are living according to what we believe, we may be falsely accused.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|A strong life force can be seen in physical vitality, courage, competent judgment, self-mastery, sexual vigor, and the realization of each person’s unique talents and purpose in life. To maintain a powerful life force, forget yourself, forget about living and dying, and bring your full attention into this moment.
Marcus Buckingham, Find Your Strongest Life: What the Happiest and Most Successful Women Do Differently|You cannot even touch my soul. So I have emerged stronger, Kinder, perceptive, forgiving To embrace you with all the humility.
Snoop Dogg|It's so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy. Losing your cool makes you tired. Getting angry a lot messes with your health.
Hendrik Willem van Loon, The Story of Mankind|A girl's body was a prize. It had to be more than asked for. It had to be earned, worshipped, and avowed.
Damien Short, Redefining Genocide: Settler Colonialism, Social Death and Ecocide|What is this you call property? It cannot be the earth. For the land is our mother, nourishing all her children, beasts, birds, fish, and all men. The woods, the streams, everything on it belongs to everybody and is for the use of all. How can one man say it belongs to him only?
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|…he quit drinking coffee, and naturally, his brain stopped working.
Robert Harris, Dictator|And then to my surprise in one of them I discovered the original manuscript of On Friendship. Puzzled, I unrolled it, thinking I must have brought it with me by mistake. But when I saw that Cicero had copied out at the top of the roll in his shaking hand a quotation from the text, on the importance of having friends, I realised it was a parting gift: If a man ascended into heaven and gazed upon the whole workings of the universe and the beauty of the stars, the marvellous sight would give him no joy if he had to keep it to himself. And yet, if only there had been someone to describe the spectacle to, it would have filled him with delight. Nature abhors solitude.
Theodore Roosevelt|Everything we personally own that’s made, sold, shipped, stored, cleaned, and ultimately thrown away does some environmental harm every step of the way, harm that we’re either directly responsible for or is done on our behalf.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|You could run, and I could stay to fend them off," the vampire offered. "For some reason, I feel amazingly refreshed." He swung an amused look at Declan that made him grind his teeth. "And it seems I'm quite handy against them."----Natalya tossed away her busted TEP-C. "So, Lothaire, you're going to fight them out of the blackness of your heart?
Richard Baker|Music is at once the product of feeling and knowledge, for it requires from its disciples, composers and performers alike, not only talent and enthusiasm, but also that knowledge and perception which are the result of protracted study and reflection.
Walter Benjamin|When you buy into the cultural idea of what's acceptable and unacceptable, you reinforce negative stereotypes and prejudices. That wouldn't work for me. I don't love to give advice to anyone, because we all have to make our own choices, but I'd want to live my life in truth.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Learn from mistakes and set-backs (yours and other people’s), pick yourself up, make necessary changes and try again. I once came across a saying that went something like, “The wise learn from the mistakes made by fools!” So at some point we all have been fools, I suppose, since we all make mistakes.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|When young, the words are scattered all around us. As they are assembled by experience, sentence by sentence, until the story takes shape...
Ben  Chapman|When life stops you making progress, don't see it as a step backwards.Think of it as doing the Moonwalk.
Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady|If God places a child before you, and you are too busy to wield either a positive or negative influence...you just did the later! You communicated that the child doesn't matter and isn't important.
Haruki Murakami, Yesterday|The way surviving hard winters makes a tree grows stronger, the growth rings inside it tighter
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|It’s not about the amount of time you put in, it is the way you spend the time on the work you need to get done. Saying that you worked ten hours on something that went nowhere is not really anything to brag about.
E.L. James, Grey|It is not possible to know how far the influence of any amiable, honest-hearted duty-doing man flies out into the world, but it is very possible to know how it has touched one's self in going by, and I know right well that any good that intermixed itself with my apprenticeship came of plain contented Joe, and not of restlessly aspiring discontented me.
Sharon Kay Penman, Falls the Shadow|I wish I were a rock,' he said, and he became a rock.
Lawrence O. Richards|What does this mean? Simply that to make DNA, you have to have DNA in the first place! You have to have the DNA code within the cell before you can make more DNA code. Without the complete code in the first place, there is no way to make the code necessary for every living cell!
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|My fury was lofty, pure, cool. It was an emotion that none of these people, struggling so hard to impose a shape on life when life has no shape, could begin to understand.
Jonathan Luna, Sarah Vaughn|It’s complicated, what makes a person. I think…part of it is experience—whether you seek them out or they come to you—and your reactions to them. Even then, you may not know exactly how something affects you, and sometimes that says even more. I guess the best way to understand something is to actually go through it yourself.
Henry Gee, In Search of Deep Time|Life is unlikely to end with humans, even if we burn in a nuclear holocaust. The relentless wheel of evolution will pick up from where we leave off and roll to it's predestined goal. If the human mind continues to evolve, enlarge, and expand, so that we are able to recognize our kinship with the creations around us, so that we are able to grasp our oneness with the cosmos, and so that we merge in yoga with the Divine, the long cosmic cycle will disclose its cryptic secret, and the long saga of billions of years of evolution will display its profound significance.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Replace fear of your own inner experience with a curious, gentle, welcoming attitude—free of judgment, self-blame, and aversion.
Audre Lorde|When we admit and deal with difference; when we deal with the deep bitterness; when we deal with the horror of even our different nightmares; when we turn them and look at them, it’s like looking at death: hard but possible. If you look at it directly without embracing it, then there is much less that you can ever be made to fear.
June Jordan|Truth may be stretched, but cannot be broken, and always gets above falsehood, as does oil above water.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Unless we recognize a higher power to whom we are responsible and who observes and knows our actions, we will not transcend the selfishness of our character and the subjectivity of our intellect. If each person is the final arbiter of right and wrong, then ‘right’ for him or her will be what he or she desires, regardless of its consequences for the other inhabitants of Earth.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Can I have a final request in case I don’t make it?”“Anything.” “I haven’t been kissed in five years, kiss me Trajan,” she whispered. “I am so afraid.” Trajan slowly pushed his glasses onto the top of his head and brought his lips softly to hers.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|To have a flexible, open, clean mind, you have to do three things: exercise it, accept new ideas, clear out the clutter. Be willing to change your mind when it needs changing.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|I'm Kyran. I'm usually the one who keeps him in line," he said as he motioned to Talin.	That made Neve's smile widen. "You need to keep a better eye on him."	"I know," Kyran replied wryly.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|I believe we owe it to each other to tell stories. It's as close to a credo as I have or will, I suspect, ever get.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|The night seemed long. Wilbur's stomach was empty and his mind was full. And when your stomach is empty and your mind is full, it's always hard to sleep.
Ally Carter, I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You|Falling in love is like leaping from a cliff. Your brain screams that it’s not a good idea and that hurt and pain will inevitably come to you. But yourheart believes you can soar, glide and fly.
Ray Mileur|I wanted to change the world, now I hope the world doesn't change me.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Christianity, unlike any other religion in the world, begins with catastrophe and defeat. Sunshine religions and psychological inspirations collapse in calamity and wither in adversity. But the Life of the Founder of Christianity, having begun with the Cross, ends with the empty tomb and victory.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|By and large, the poor do not want some small life. They don't want to game the system or eke out an existence; they want to thrive and contribute.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The saved sinner is prostrate in adoration, lost in wonder and praise. He knows repentance is not what we do in order to earn forgiveness; it is what we do because we have been forgiven. It serves as an expression of gratitude rather than an effort to earn forgiveness. Thus the sequence of forgiveness and then repentance, rather than repentance and then forgiveness, is crucial for understanding the gospel of grace.
Gaelen Foley, My Dangerous Duke|Their bodies glided together in trembling harmony. Heated skin, rhythmic panting, slamming heartbeats. They made love as if their lives depended on it. "Oh, God-Rohan!""Yes, Kate," he whispered raggedly in smitten agreement."Oh... my...""Surrender to me," he breathed against her lips.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|Every day one should at least hear one little song, read one good poem, see one fine painting and -- if at all possible -- speak a few sensible words.
Bert McCoy|To be the body-mind or not to be the body-mind, this is the question.
Debasish Mridha|Be like nature—quiet, calm, loving, and persistent. Don’t hurry. Flowers will bloom.
C. Baxter Kruger, Jesus and the Undoing of Adam|The Christian God is interested in relationship with us, and not just relationship, but union, and not just union, but such a union that everything He is and has—all glory and fullness, all joy and beauty and unbridled life—is to be shared with us and to become as much ours as it is His. The plan from the beginning, in the Christian vision, is that God would give Himself to us, and nothing less, so that we could be filled to overflowing with the divine life.
Tom Holt, Lucia Triumphant|From my new release Cry for MeThis is Mrs. Hazelton speaking to Maria"...emotions have no color, no culture, knows no prejudice and can hardly be controlled, so in trying to raise children we need all the help and resources available to us . . .
Vineet Raj Kapoor|I had only some dim and unformed sense, a sense which struck me now and then, and which I could not explain coherently, that for some years the South and particularly the Gulf Coast had been for America what people were still saying California was, and what California seemed to me not to be: the future, the secret source of malevolent and benevolent energy, the psychic center.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Sexual distortions carry strong undertones of prejudice—sexism, racism and homophobia—that rob individuals of their individuality. Common stereotypes include “men are all dogs,” “women are less interested in sex,” “gays are promiscuous,” certain races are frigid or hung, and certain sex acts are indulgent, effeminate, or immoral. Other distortions clearly function as tools of organizations or of religious or political figures to shape public opinion through dogma and to control their followers’ lives.
Alexander the Great|There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
Lynn Blackmar, Rebel|Langley bred a certain type of person with great intention. The human resources department required nearly as sophisticated of analysts as the foreign intelligence department. Apply the massive computing technology of the CIA to hiring, along with the naive appeal of the exciting, though perhaps not so lucrative life of a spy, and any headhunter would be jealous of the results.
Daniel Woodrell, Winter's Bone|Gail had a baby named Ned who was four months old, and a new look of baffled hurt, a left-behind sadness, like she saw that the great world kept spinning onward and away while she'd overnight become glued to her spot.
Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Waking Up at Rembrandt's|Some days, Kaylin fervently wished that she had already passed Adult 101 and could get on with being the person she wanted to be.
Leora Cika Waldman, Nirupa and the Book of Shadows|This time Simone did not smile at all."I cannot tell that to you, child. This is asecret I am not allowed to talk about. I only hope that you willknow how to follow the true and right path. And now, farewell!" Sheturned around and walked away between the bookshelves, disappearingfrom their sight.Nirupa looked at the book she held in herhand. On its thick front cover she read:"Atlantis."Deep shudders shook her body. She turned herhead and looked at Miss Bell, who also looked numb with fear."Now that we have started the adventure, memust carry it through to the end," Ni whispered to Miss Bell,opening the book. She did not have time to see what was writteninside because, once the first page was open, a whirl of warm airsucked Ni and Miss. Bell inside, In the twinkle of an eye theyfound themselves standing up on the main street of a magnificentbazaar.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography and Other Writings|While the people retain their virtue, and vigilance, no administration, by any extreme of wickedness or folly, can very seriously injure the government, in the short space of four years.
Casey Wilson|When you're feeling down, sad, lonely, negative, you don't want to take care of yourself - and the weight problem and the diabetic problem and the heart attack and stroke problems and high cholesterol set in.
Emily Watts, Take Two Chocolates and Call Me in the Morning: 12 Semi-Practical Solutions for the Really Busy Woman|I'm not really silly enough to think that chocolate solves anything. But it calms me. It's a soothing assurance, that this hectic life I have worked myself into is also full of wonderful surprises and unexpected sweetness. It reminds me that a hefty percentage of my "problems" don't really need to be solved at all, just outlasted.
Michelle Phan|When I was little, I was actually really shy. I really enjoyed doing school plays, but I found the whole thing terrifying. I cried myself to sleep once because I thought my teacher was going to give me the lead role. I never imagined acting was a viable career.
Stormie Omartian, Prayers for Emotional Wholeness: 365 Prayers for Living in Freedom|Lord, help me to have Your love and forgiveness in my heart. Enable me to live in peace, tranquility, simplicity, and good health. In Jesus name I pray. Amen.
Curtis Bill Pepper, Leonardo: A Biographical Novel|Daemons had minds of their own, which could never be harnessed, even by those who sheltered them.
James G. Stavridis|In an undergraduate business environment, the best learning experience is the interaction students have with each other. They need to learn from each other as much as from professors and lectures and other teaching tools.
Elizabeth Bowen, The Death of the Heart|When you finally betray me, I hope you care enough to try to kill my yourself.
Seneca|Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.
Vivian Gornick, The Odd Woman and the City: A Memoir|Wharton thought no one could have freedom, but James knew no one wanted freedom.
Pauly D|In string theory, all particles are vibrations on a tiny rubber band; physics is the harmonies on the string; chemistry is the melodies we play on vibrating strings; the universe is a symphony of strings, and the 'Mind of God' is cosmic music resonating in 11-dimensional hyperspace.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|If high aspirations = high fear, overcoming high fear = achieving high aspirations.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Chieftain's Daughter|I think I could spend an eternity with you, Killian, and never tire of hearing you speak to me.
Lao Tzu|Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Michael Eric Dyson|I am more interested in how people interpret the phrase 'Elect The Dead' than what I may or may not have intended. I named the album after the track, which is a spiritual song about love, life and death and is the heaviest song on the album without having any heavy instruments.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Anyone who utters “salvation only through Christ” inadvertently commits to the greatest blasphemy of all, which is differentiation, and this in turn diminishes the very essence of the title Christian.
Franz Kafka|I think anytime you can affect people in general, in a positive way, then you're a lucky individual.
Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Bomb|You're not allowed to call them dinosaurs any more," said Yo-less. "It's speciesist. You have to call them pre-petroleum persons.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Do you want a cookie?- What?- A cookie. Like an Oreo. Do you want one?- No.- How can you not want a cookie?- I just don't.- Okay, fine,let's say you did want a cookie. Let's say you were dying for a cookie, and there were cookies in the cupboard. What would you do?- I'd eat a cookie?- Exactly. That's all I'm saying.- What are you saying?- That if people want cookies, they should get a cookie. It's what people do.- Let me guess. Dad won't let you have acookie?- No. Even though I'm practically starving to death, he won't even consider it. He says I have to have a sandwich first.- And you don't think that's fair.- You just said you'd get a cookie if you wanted one. So why can't I? I'm not a little kid. I can make my own decisions.- Hmm. I can see why this bothers you somuch.- It's not fair. If he wants a cookie, he can have one. If you want a cookie,you can have one. But if I want a cookie, the rules don't count. Like yousaid, it's not fair.- So what are you going to do?- I'm going to eat a sandwich. Because I have to. Because the world isn't fairto ten-year-olds.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|We are one of those couples i used to watch, thinking to myself that I'd never be on the inside of something so special. I remember reassuring myself that it probably looked nicer than it actually was, I am happy to be wrong about that.
Sally Green, Half Lost|A year ago I was being kept in this cell and I didn't want to kill anyone, not even the people who held me prisoner. I just wanted to escape, just wanted freedom. And now I have that; I have my freedom.
Shannon L. Alder|Our lives are like these things I make. Turn 'em, build 'em, bake 'em in fire. That's what you've been, son. Baked and fired. But a pot don't have the right to choose whether he be for water, wine, or just left empty. You have, son. You have.
Chantal Sutherland|The Atlanta Braves are really all that our children know about this crazy baseball life, and we are so thankful for this upbringing for them.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|Those who are truly enlightened, those whose souls are illuminated by love, have been able to overcome all of the inhibitions and preconceptions of their era. They have been able to sing, to laugh, and to pray out loud; they have danced and shared what Saint Paul called 'the madness of saintliness'. They have been joyful - because those who love conquer the world and have no fear of loss. True love is an act of total surrender.
Timothy J. Keller, The Prodigal God: Recovering the Heart of the Christian Faith|For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, but lose his soul?" -Mark 8:36
Sunday Adelaja|Thinking can change through the pronunciation of the word of God in your life , because it contains enough strength and energy to change your sub-consciousness
Shelly Crane, Undeniably Chosen|Jealousy is when you want something that you can’t have, something that doesn't belong to you. Being protective is defending what’s yours.” He leaned in, his hand closing around my jaw as his nose skimmed up to mine. “And you better believe that I’ll be protecting what’s mine.
Carolina De Robertis, Perla|Who but the Atman is capable of removing the bonds of ignorance, passion and self-interested action?
Carol Van Atta, I Kissed a Dog|Ridiculous! I couldn’t marry, mate, or whatever it entailed with Zane. He was a werewolf. With my assorted backgroundI was all for interracial relationships. Interspecies? — The jury was still out on that possibility.
Rachel Vincent, Before I Wake|You're not lost, Kaylee. You can't ever be lost, because I'll always know where you are. And if I'm not there with you, I'm on my way, and nothing standing between us will be standing for very long.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|God is thus entrenched in the Flow systems as a causal belief, but an unordered one. Within Flow, this is implemented as unordered in relation with the ordered. The responsibility of first Cause and causes as effects including physiological causes are passed on to God. In fact, to devout Christians, God is all causation incessantly.
Joanna Russ, To Write Like a Woman: Essays in Feminism and Science Fiction|And here, of course, we come to the one occupation of a female protagonist in literature, the one thing she can do, and by God she does it and does it and does it, over and over and over again.She is the protagonist of a Love Story.
Billy S VanOrsdol|A woman is human, obviously, but she represents a slightly different kind of humanity.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|The author relates that the word "OBSCENE" springs from the concept in Greek drama that certain actions would be performed outside the scene or off the stage. He clarifies that the Greeks did not shy away from shocking actions, but they knew that portraying them in the audience's view would drown out the emotional subtlety of the character development and ethical dilemmas.
Mariah McKenzie, More: Journey to Mystical Union Through the Sacred and the Profane|Have you ever wanted More? Not more stuff . . . or success . . . or fame . . . but more intimacy, more connection, more mystery, more awe
Charlotte Lamb, Obsession|I don't care much for diamonds,' Nicola had told him.'Have you ever been offered any?' he had asked, and he had been making fun of her, his face mocking.'Not that I can remember,' Nicola had admitted calmly.'And how would an offer be received?' he had asked, as though he knew the answer.'With a kick in the teeth,' Nicola had said, meeting his eye.
Jonathan Sacks|In virtually every Western society in the 1960s there was a moral revolution, an abandonment of its entire traditional ethic of self-restraint.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|One's silence can be deafening indeed,but it's also quite satisfying once in a while to actually hear one's thoughts just to reassure a presence.
Karina Halle, Veiled|While many find the new clothes of the emperor magnificent, some dare to say out loud, he is simply naked. If the clear sighted are constrained by the credulous and when the “followers” are browbeating the "knowers", the cat is among the pigeons and the age of obscuration is under way. Obviously "something wicked this way comes…" ("His master's voice" )
T.C. Boyle, If the River Was Whiskey|But one never finds a cathedral, a wave in a storm, a dancer's leap in the air quite as high as one has been expecting;
Kendal Rob|Sometimes words just arent enough. Sometimes it's easier to magically lose yourself in the memories long past, the ones you so selfishly took for granted. And sadly sometimes that's the only way to keep those people in your life- recapturing their glorious light before they fade. And inevitably their memory along with them.
John Masters, 2 Pork Chops!|As a child I had been taught to say my prayers at the start of every day, and so it did not seem an odd thing for me to stand out in the field and say "Oh God whatever happens today let it be under your perfect control.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|In the legend of Camelot, King Arthur gave consideration as to how his knights might be positioned spatially to impart a message of power and status. He decided they would have their meetings at a round table, which meant that they were all considered equal and there was no “head of the table.” He built a league based on equality and mutual respect to unify and fortify the power of teamwork.
Agatha Christie, Evil Under the Sun|Everything is possible, isn't it? The world soon teaches one that!
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Rarely do we realize that we are in the midst of the extraordinary. Miracles occur all around us, signs from God show us the way, angels plead to be heard, but we pay little attention to them because we have been taught that we must follow certain formulas and rules if we want to find God. We do not realize that God is wherever we allow Him/Her to enter.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|She said that we didn't know anything, either as children or now, that we were therefore not in a position to understand anything, that everything in the neighbourhood, every stone or piece of wood, everything, anything you could name, was already there before us, but we had grown up without realizing it, without ever even thinking about it. Not just us. Her father pretended that there had been nothing before. Her mother did the same, my mother, my father, even Rino. And yet Stefano's grocery store before, had been the carpenter shop of Alfredo Peluso, Pasquale's father. And yet Don Achille's money had been made before. And the Solaras' money as well. She had tested this out on her father and mother. They didn't know anything, they wouldn't talk about anything. Not Fascism, not the king. No injustice, no oppression, no exploitation. They hated Don Achille and were afraid of the Solaras. But they overlooked it and went to spend their money both at Don Achille's son's and at the Solaras', and sent us, too. And they votes for the Fascists, for the monarchists, as the Solaras wanted them to. And they thought that what had happened before was past, and in order to live quietly, they placed a stone on top of it, and so, without knowing it, they continued it, they were immersed in the things of before, and we kept them inside us, too.
Robert Anton Wilson, Natural Law: or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy|These ideas can be made more concrete with a parable, which I borrow from John Fowles’s wonderful novel, The Magus.Conchis, the principle character in the novel, ﬁnds himself Mayor of his hometown in Greece when the Nazi occupation begins. One day, three Communistpartisans who recently killed some German soldiers are caught. The Nazi commandant gives Conchis, as Mayor, a choice — either Conchis will execute the three partisans himself to set an example of loyalty to the new regime, or the Nazis will execute every male in the town.Should Conchis act as a collaborator with the Nazis and take on himself thedirect guilt of killing three men? Or should he refuse and, by default, be responsible for the killing of over 300 men?I often use this moral riddle to determine the degree to which people are hypnotized by Ideology. The totally hypnotized, of course, have an answer at once; they know beyond doubt what is correct, because they have memorized the Rule Book. It doesn’t matter whose Rule Book they rely on — Ayn Rand’s or Joan Baez’s or the Pope’s or Lenin’s or Elephant Doody Comix — the hypnosis is indicated by lack of pause for thought, feeling and evaluation. The response is immediate because it is because mechanical. Those who are not totally hypnotized—those who have some awareness of concrete events of sensory space-time, outside their heads— ﬁnd the problem terrible and terrifying and admit they don’t know any 'correct' answer.I don’t know the 'correct' answer either, and I doubt that there is one. Theuniverse may not contain 'right' and 'wrong' answers to everything just because Ideologists want to have 'right' and 'wrong' answers in all cases, anymore than it provides hot and cold running water before humans start tinkering with it. I feel sure that, for those awakened from hypnosis, every hour of every day presents choices that are just as puzzling (although fortunately not as monstrous) as this parable. That is why it appears a terrible burden to be aware of who you are, where you are, and what is going on around you, and why most people would prefer to retreat into Ideology, abstraction, myth and self-hypnosis.To come out of our heads, then, also means to come to our senses, literally—to live with awareness of the bottle of beer on the table and the bleeding body in the street. Without polemic intent, I think this involves waking from hypnosis in a very literal sense. Only one individual can do it at a time, and nobody else can do it for you. You have to do it all alone.
Alex Steffen, Worldchanging: A User's Guide for the 21st Century|When we think of the word culture, obvious representations such as how to dress, eat, speak, and act like those around us come to mind. But learning culture is more than learning conformity to external patterns of behavior. Culture is also a system of shared concepts, beliefs, and values. It is the framework from which we interpret and make sense of life and the world around us.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|The real failure is to rob this world of the contribution only you can make, and to fail to make work that truly gives you that 'this is what I was created to do' feeling that has no equal.
Madeleine L'Engle|For in spite of language, in spite of intelligence and intuition and sympathy, one can never really communicate anything to anybody.
Debasish Mridha|Never pursue happiness, just create it inside you.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Success In Love|When we focus our thoughts on something, we resonate with it. When that resonance is constant and directed, we draw it to us.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|Because the problem of ritual abuse and mind control has not gone away - the survivors are still there - many more therapists have learnt about it. Survivors have spoken out and written their stories, and therapists have learnt a great deal from those brave survivors who have discovered what was done to them. There is a large special interest group on Ritual Abuse and Mind Control within the International Society for the Study of Dissociation. Those therapists who have learnt in isolation or in small private online forums are once again sharing their knowledge widely, and books such as this one are beginning to be published again. The work is still very difficult and challenging, but we now know so much more than we did. We know that there is not one massive Satanic cult, but many different interrelated groups, including religious, military/political, and organized crime, using mind control on children and adult survivors. We know that there are effective treatments. We know that many of the paralyzing beliefs our clients lived by are the results of lies and tricks perpetrated by their abusers. And we know that, as therapists, we can combat this evil with wise and compassionate therapy.
Todd Stocker|If you walk in joy, happiness is close behind.
Thomas Hooker|Truth, at the wrong time, can be dangerous.
Karen Armstrong|Skip the religion and politics, head straight to the compassion. Everything else is a distraction.
Martina Navratilova|Modern agriculture has been accurately described as a way of turning oil into food. As the price of oil continues to rise, so will the price of food.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|O fairest of all creation, last and bestOf all God's works, creature in whom excelledWhatever can to sight or thought be formed,Holy, divine, good, amiable, or sweet!How art thou lost, how on a sudden lost,Defaced, deflow'red, and now to death devote?
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|By the middle twentieth century, few European nation-states had not at one time or another figured themselves as 'the outpost of Western Christian civilisation': France, imperial Germany, the Habsburg Reich, Poland with its self-image as przedmurze (bastion), even tsarist Russia. Each of these nation-state myths identified "barbarism" as the condition or ethic of their immediate eastward neighbour: for the French, the Germans were barbarous, for the Germans it was the Slavs, for the Poles the Russians, for the Russians the Mongol and Turkic peoples of Central Asia and eventually the Chinese.
Trinity Faegen, The Redemption of Ajax|Lucifer will be furious with you for failing, but it's not like he can do anything about it. Women don't always do what you want, even if you're Lord of the Underworld.
James Altucher, 40 Alternatives to College|College stirred in her a certain contempt for virtues like kindness and persistence. She would have appeared to have been a kind and persistent person herself, but a steady diet of Antonioni films and an introductory course on existentialism had awakened her to the fact that she wanted more.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Ignorant people think it is the noise which fighting cats make that is so aggravating, but it ain't so; it is the sickening grammar that they use.
Durgesh Satpathy|Every time I look into her eyes, I get a positive inspiration to serve humanity.
Andrew Essex, The End of Advertising: Why It Had to Die, and the Creative Resurrection to Come|The most important thing is to be excellent, interesting, authentic, or useful. To be the thing, not the thing that sells the thing. That's fantastic news for creative people, who specialize in the stuff. Thanks to toomuchness, creativity, once exclusively the province of poets, has suddenly become a business imperative.
Aleister Crowley, The Book of the Law|More than every once in awhile,More than most dreams,More than just my heart,More than anything,More than you know,And more than I can say,I’ve loved you moreEvery passing day
Anita Diamant, Good Harbor|Mind your business" had been the motto of her childhood. But now that seemed like a failing in a friend.
Lucian Bane, The Waking|Just ask me to show you, and I will. I may be a virgin, a first time lover, but every second I can't do what burns in me to do, is an eternal fucking torment. ~Ruin
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Here's how man thinks: "If no one's done it, why should I try? It's a waste of my time; but if he's done it, I can do it better.
Minna Antrim|In junior high school, I was an object of pure ridicule for my dress, withdrawal, and asocial manner. Dozens of times, I saw individuals laugh and smile more in ten to fifteen minutes than I did in all my life up to then.
Beth Harbison, When in Doubt, Add Butter|While I doubted, I had hope; but now there is no hope left and all the same I doubt everything.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Even now that he is gone I have him still, in the richness of my memories. I've lived my life again just telling it to you.
Robert Rossen|The TV shouted an old black-and-white film he didn't recognize, wheelchairs facing it like church pews.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Let the spark in you catch fire and burn into the air, so that it may light up the sky.
Debra Anastasia, Bittersweet Seraphim|th' unconquerable will,/ And study of revenge, immortal hate,/ And courage never to submit or yield/ And what is else not to be overcome?
Zhang Xin|I'm living as an artist, and that's a staggering feeling, it's a total luxury. And because you have this amazing chance, with so much freedom, I'm determined to make something that is worth that. I feel this responsibility - to create something that makes an audience feel, which takes them somewhere. But that's very hard to achieve.
Ken Salazar|What happened in America in the 1860s was a war of secession, a war of independence, no different in principle from what happened in America in the 1770s and 1780s.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.
Heinrich Hertz|Outside our consciousness there lies the cold and alien world of actual things. Between the two stretches the narrow borderland of the senses. No communication between the two worlds is possible excepting across the narrow strip. For a proper understanding of ourselves and of the world, it is of the highest importance that this borderland should be thoroughly explored.”Heinrich Hertz’ Keynote Address at the Imperial Palace, Berlin, August, 1891
Jim Jeffords|Since the day he came into office, President Bush has worked to gut more than 34 years of hard work by weakening many of our Nation's standing environmental laws, some of which were signed into law by his father.
Katie McGarry, Crossing the Line|The worst moments are when my entire family is in the same room. With the people I should love the most surrounding me, I feel the most alone.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Mastery of anything is, more than anything else, the transformation of work into play. Giving orders and answers, never making mistakes, and having around you others with the opinion that you are great has nothing at all to do with it. Read carefully: to yearn for, to be compelled by, is being called to play.
Bobby Moynihan|Christians were instructed to serve others, and the thanksgiving was for the grace of God and the fact that God offered a way for man to return to a positive relationship with Him.
Steve Goodier|We can't have an unlimited life, but we can have an unlimited reputation
Virginia Heffernan|Unless you are rich and can convalesce in a sanatorium estate (where visitors came down a tiered, oceanside lawn to find you at your easel) you have to keep going when you're depressed. That means phone calls, appointments, errands, holidays, family, friends, and colleagues.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|My sister will die over and over again for the rest of my life. Grief is forever. It doesn't go away; it becomes a part of you, step for step, breath for breath. I will never stop grieving Bailey because I will never stop loving her. That's just how it is. Grief and love are conjoined, you don't get one without the other. All I can do is love her, and love the world, emulate her by living with daring and spirit and joy.
Hans Fallada, Little Man, What Now?|If we agree that the education, employment and retirement continuum is no longer a linear “cradle to grave” construct, then several tools for managing this reality are increasingly proving redundant. Job descriptions used for hiring are one such example. Hiring managers often write these as a reflection of their own experiences, ignoring the fact that we are entering an era where the emphasis should be less on ready competence and more on transferable skills.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Low-grade pain can be so rooted in your being that the pain begins to look like you, and you begin to look like the pain — it becomes your identity.
Mary Oliver, Thirst|Oh Lord of melons, of mercy, though I am not ready, nor worthy, I am climbing towards you.
Rachael Wade, Preservation|The second he slipped inside of me, all I'd doubted, questioned, or feared evaporated, leaving me with one single, definite truth--I'd fallen in love with him in an all-consuming blaze that would blind me if I wasn't careful. We fit together like poorly cut puzzle pieces, but when the edges joined and were positioned just right, our scattered images came together to create a solid, deliberate piece of art, completely crystal clear and in focus. I was a goner.
Pat Buckley|I die the king's faithful servant, but God's first.
Marie Hall, Her Mad Hatter|There is already enough chattering nonsense on the ground. Do we really need aviaries in pressurised tin cans at 30,000 feet as well ?
Diane Ackerman, The Zookeeper's Wife|I remember sitting in this cabin in Alaska one evening reading over the notes of all these encounters, and recalling Joseph Campbell, who wrote in the conclusion to 'Primitive Mythology' that men do not discover their gods, they create them. So do they also, I thought, looking at the notes before me, create their animals.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Except for the rare cases of plastid inheritance, the inheritance of all known cofactors can be sufficiently accounted for by the presence of genes in the chromosomes. In a word the cytoplasm may be ignored genetically.
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|Someone said that if you're lonely at the top, it's because you didn't take anyone with you.
Winna Efendi, Some Kind of Wonderful|You’re not going to lose me again,” aku berjanji. “You’ve never lost me in the first place anyway.”Dapat kurasakan dirinya tersenyum dalam rangkulanku. “And you’ve never lost me either.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Luckily, I always travel with a book, just in case I have to wait on line for Santa, or some such inconvenience.
Hunter S. Thompson, Ancient Gonzo Wisdom: Interviews with Hunter S. Thompson|I think this was a nice idea we had in this country and a nice landscape to experiment with. But I think there comes a time in almost any experimentation or idea, where you have to evaluate it, maybe our time has come. In the context of the real world, not just the American world but all around, we haven't done too well. We are not a very good advertisement for the idea we represented. If you lose one wheel of the car, you might be able to get to the side of the road, and some freaks can make it on two, but if you lose three, man, you're in serious trouble. I think we've lost three.
Wally Lamb, We Are Water|Change what you can, accept what you can't, and be smart enough to know the difference.
Rachel Corrie, My Name is Rachel Corrie|I look forward to seeing more and more people willing to resist the direction the world is moving in, a direction where our personal experiences are irrelevant, that we are defective, that our communities are not important, that we are powerless, that our future is determined, and that the highest level of humanity is expressed through what we choose to buy at the mall.
Cecelia Ahern, A Place Called Here|Today, I run for pure, absolute joy.
Rick Warren|Fewer than half of churchgoers, including born-again Christians, felt strongly that their church demonstrates unconditional love.
Pablo Neruda, Selected Poems|If you think it long and mad the wind of banners that passes through my lifeAnd you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have rootsRememberThat on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my armsAnd my roots will set off to seek another land
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|In mid-wood silence, thus, how sweet to be;Where all the noises, that on peace intrude,Come from the chittering cricket, bird, and bee,Whose songs have charms to sweeten solitude.
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|How perfect to be aboard a ship withmaybe a hundred years still in my pocket.But it's late, for all of us,and in truth the only ship there isis the ship we are all onburning the world as we go.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal, A Light from the Shadows: Reflections on Oneness, Identity, and the Creation of Experience|The sacred stillness of your brilliant hearthas as the myriad wonders masqueraded.But if you knew this secret from the start,then you'd have quit this Game before you played it.
Richard Dahlstrom, The Colors of Hope: Becoming People of Mercy, Justice, and Love|We will never become the people of hope and blessing we're meant to be until we learn how to wake up and pay attention to the glory and pain, beauty and suffering that are in lives all around us.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|If government played by the same rules as the rest of us, it would cease to be government.
Bill Dedman|If terrorists are already on our southern border, a national-security failure has already occurred.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A devout Christian, desire Jesus Christ.
Wladimir Klitschko|Psychographics speaks more to an attitude, a lifestyle.
Dante Alighieri|Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Sunday Adelaja|Live with God, have faith in God – it is true happiness
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|There's no poetry in me, Reginleit. No fine words." He stared down at her, his gaze seeming to consume her. "I come to you as a man unfinished.
Lauren Oliver, Panic|It was so strange, the way that life moved forward: the twists and the dead ends, the sudden opportunities. She supposed if you could predict or foresee everything that was going to happen, you’d lose the motivation to go through it all. The promise was always in the possibility.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Every time i see a butterfly, it reminds me of how precious life can truly be. To be able to turn from a caterpillar into a beautiful butterfly and fly away so freely and gracefully wherever she may please, without no one in the world to tell her what to do. I wait for that special moment in time when I get to live freely, without no worries, pain or tears. I just want to be happy. I want the laughter in the air without all of the pain. One special day I’ll get to live my life just like that beautiful butterfly. I will no longer feel blue inside.
Muhammad Iqbal|I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.
David Hume|During the days of segregation, there was not a place of higher learning for African Americans. They were simply not welcome in many of the traditional schools. And from this backward policy grew the network of historical black colleges and universities.
Steven A. Seidman|Efforts by Democrats to portray Jackson as 'manly' and for the 'common man' were apparently more effective than were the campaign tactics of Adams’s supporters, who attempted to depict Jackson as violent, unjust, a paramour, and even a poor speller. It is quite possible that this anti-Jackson propaganda actually reinforced the positive image of Jackson as a masculine commoner—especially when contrasted with that of Adams, whom the Democrats depicted as an over-refined aristocrat.
David Gemmell, White Wolf|Generally speaking, if you think something you want to do is wrong, it is.
Emily Ratajkowski|In high school I had a boyfriend who was super into rap, so I was into Too $hort and Wu-Tang for a little while. And my best friend's older brother would sometimes drive us home in this pimped-out truck, and he'd play all his dirty rap music. We thought we were really cool.
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|... imaginary gardens with real toads in them ...... if you demand on one hand,the raw material of poetry inall its rawness andthat which is on the other handgenuine, then you are interested in poetry.
Bruce Lee|Terrorism is a psychological warfare. Terrorists try to manipulate us and change our behavior by creating fear, uncertainty, and division in society.
Chris Hankin|People make mistakes, it's just part of life. But, it's what we do with those mistakes that matters. What matters is what we learn from the mistakes, not what the mistake is.
Warren Buffett|We need a moderately-priced stock market… The market, like the Lord, helps those who help themselves. But, unlike the Lord, the market does not forgive those who know not what they do. For the investor, a too-high purchase price for the stock of an excellent company can undo the effects of a subsequent decade of favorable business developments.
Bill Moyers|In marriage, everyday you love,and everyday you forgive.It is an ongoing sacrament, love and forgiveness
Chris Burkmenn|Life is about learning to fly, when everyone says you will fall.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Regardless of the trends we see in the deterioration of morality, respect, and values, wise people will still strive to take the high road to rise above the ever-increasing rudeness and stand apart from the crowd.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Money can't buy love, except on Valentine’s Day.
Marianne Curley, Fearless|I won't show weakness here, but, damn it, tears don't mean I'm frail and pathetic, only that I'm unhappy.
Ki Longfellow, Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria|... is it truly possible to steal a life, if... the Self is eternal and cannot die? Should this be so, then one who 'murders' does no more than transgress against the will of another, whose choice it is to live. At bottom, a murderer offends not against the body, but against the spirit.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters: Also Includes "Screwtape Proposes a Toast"|The master demon Screwtape identifies elitist humanity's tendency toward "an ingrained habit of belittling anything that concerns the great mass of their fellow men.
Carrie Fisher|I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|People must believe that you are real and are who you say you are, otherwise they will not want to do business with you, much less make the effort to move forward in starting and building a relationship.
Rivers Cuomo|France is, for me, the country of happiness.
Bryant H. McGill|Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Ausma Zehanat Khan, The Unquiet Dead|She had heard all about excluded middles; they were bad shit, to be avoided; and how had it ever happened here, with the chances once so good for diversity?
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|As the American Patriots imagined it, a federal relationship would be a kind of confession of first principles or covenant that would allow states to bind themselves together substantially without entirely subsuming their sundry identities. The federal nature of the American Constitutional covenant would enable the nation to function as a republic – thus specifically avoiding the dangers of a pure democracy. Republics exercise governmental authority through mediating representatives under the rule of law. Pure democracies on the other hand exercise governmental authority through the imposition of the will of the majority without regard for the concerns of any minority – thus allowing law to be subject to the whims, fashions, and fancies of men. The Founders designed federal system of the United States so that the nation could be, as John Adams described it, a “government of law, not of men.” The Founders thus expressly and explicitly rejected the idea of a pure democracy, just as surely as totalitarian monarchy, because as James Madison declared “democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention; have ever been found incompatible with personal security, or the rights of property; and have in general been as short in their lives, as they have been violent in their deaths.” The rule of the majority does not always respect the rule of law, and is as turbulent as the caprices of political correctness or dictatorial autonomy. Indeed, history has proven all too often that democracy is particularly susceptible to the urges and impulses of mobocracy.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|From my college courses and my reading I knew the various names that came at the end of a line of questions or were placed as periods to bafflement: the First Cause, the First Mover, the Life Force, the Universal Mind, the First Principle, the Unmoved Mover, even Providence. I too had used those names in arguing with others, and with myself, trying to explain the world to myself. And now I saw that those names explained nothing. They were of no more use than Evolution or Natural Selection or Nature or The Big Bang of these later days. All such names do is catch us within the length and breadth of our own thoughts and our own bewilderment. Though I knew the temptation of simple reason, to know nothing that can't be proved, still I supposed that those were not the right names.I imagined that the right name might be Father, and I imagined all that that name would imply: the love, the compassion, the taking offense, the disappointment, the anger, the bearing of wounds, the weeping of tears, the forgiveness, the suffering unto death. If love could force my own thoughts over the edge of the world and out of time, then could I not see how even divine omnipotence might by the force of its own love be swayed down into the world? Could I not see how it might, because it could know its creatures only by compassion, put on mortal flesh, become a man, and walk among us, assume our nature and our fate, suffer our faults and our death?Yes. I could imagine a Father who is yet like a mother hen spreading her wings before the storm or in the dusk before the dark night for the little ones of Port William to come in under, some of whom do, and some do not. I could imagine Port William riding its humble wave through time under the sky, its little flames of wakefulness lighting and going out, its lives passing through birth, pleasure, sufferning, and death. I could imagine God looking down upon it, its lives living by His spirit, breathing by His breath, knowing by His light, but each life living also (inescapably) by its own will--His own body given to be broken.
Spider Robinson, The Free Lunch|Your diet must be about fifty-fifty, carrots and locoweed," Annie said softly.He froze."I can't figure out what in the name of God's labia majora you think you're doing...but I'm impressed by how well you're doing it in the dark. You must have eyes like a cat.
Claire Wong, The Runaway|Sis took Eva to the public library and showed her how to get a card. Every week, Eva read her way through the works of Charles Dickens, Jane Austen, Anthony Trollope, Henry James and Elizabeth Gaskell. She dreamed of heroines from modest backgrounds attracting unprecedented attentions, soaring tales of love across social divides and sudden unexpected reversals of fortunes. In these pages, anything was possible, even for a girl like her.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Do the possible, and let God do the impossible.
Kate Grenville, The Lieutenant|Others, tiring of the sound of Buxtehude and Bach for hours on end, would complain there was no tune. That was exactly the thing he liked best about a fugue, the fact that it could not be sung. A fugue was not singular, as a melody was, but plural. It was a conversation.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|What if we promoted, like, Adidas shoes?’ Percy wondered. ‘Would that make Nike mad enough to show up?" Leo smiled nervously. Maybe he and Percy did share something else – a stupid sense of humour. "Yeah, I bet that would totally be against her sponsorship deal. THOSE ARE NOT THE OFFICIAL SHOES OF THE OLYMPICS! YOU WILL DIE NOW!
John Harrington|Treason doth never prosper, what's the reason?For if it prosper, none dare call it treason.
Nina Bawden|The first misconception is that embryonic stem cell research is not legal. The fact is, embryonic stem cell research is completely legal. Research on embryonic stem cells has taken place for years.
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|Wisdom doesn’t come only from the experience you have had, but from the experience you have chosen not to have.
Shakti Gawain|It's not like a boss and artist relationship; it's like a big brother to a younger brother relationship, and he's a great guy. So big shout-out to Akon and the Konvict Muzik crowd.
Drake|Why are video games so violent? The ones I've seen remind me of the 4th of July, with everything exploding, buildings, cars, airplanes, men and women. Kill, kill, and kill for sport and entertainment.
Kelsey Grammer|I'm in no way suggesting that my opinion matters more than anyone else's, of course, but the only thing that bothers me is apathy. People that sit out of the process and complain about it, or pretend that politics isn't a part of their everyday lives.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|But there is one part of this that hurts. The carefree, normal part. The part of me that was lost when we first moved and that I'll never get back.
Johann Gottlieb Fichte|Nothing hath separated us from God but our own will, or rather our own will is our separation from God.
Randolph Bourne|Each country thinks its school is in a specific crisis, without ever linking the school's crisis to that of the society around it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is more faithful than a woman,and knowledge is more faithful than a friend.Folly is more oppressive than a tyrant,and evil more overwhelming than fury.
Larry Hagman|Today is a new day. You will get out of it just what you put into it. ... If you have made mistakes  even serious mistakes  there is always another chance for you. And supposing you have tried and failed again and again  you may have a fresh start any moment you choose  for this thing that we call "failure" is not the falling down  but the staying down.
Nora Roberts, The Obsession|You walked in, and the air changed. It gives you an advantage and you're enough of a challenge. I'm not trying to be a challenge. It's one of the things that makes you one.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals: & the Metaphysical Elements of Ethics|In the world of primitive savages, religion and bigotry go hand in hand. But, in the world of civilized humans, religion and reason must go hand in hand.
Savannah Stuart, To Catch His Mate|Full disclosure. I approached your father once I knew who you were. I asked him to visit my territory and to bring you. I made my intentions clear from the start. He came up with the arranged mating thing." His lips twisted in annoyance. "But I didn't stop him because the thought of waking up to you every day...
Rory Bremner|The First World War, and especially the latest one, largely swept away what was left in Europe of feudalism and of feudal landlords, especially in Poland, Hungary, and the South East generally.
Ellen DeGeneres|Procrastinate now, don't put it off.
Tim Gunn|In the heat of our campaigns, we have all become accustomed to a little anger and exaggeration. Yet, on the whole, our political process has served us well.
Munia Khan|We lived always in the stretch or sag of nerves, either on the crest or in the trough of waves of feeling.
Jose Mourinho|I don't know how to thank all the people listening to our music. It's so amazing to come home to my friends who resist conformity, because they're so happy that I've made it.
Howard Tayler, Under New Management|Oh, that's great. That way, when things have quieted down, and we come up for air, or money, or re-supply, we'll get a nice explosive package from him that says "so nice to see you again" in a way that only multi-megaton yields can.
Yvonne Finn, Getting From Hello To Forever Together|For you born writer, nothing is so healing as the realization that he has come upon the right word"- Catherine Drinker Bowen
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|I have learned that the point of life's walk is not where or how far I move my feet but how I am moved in my heart. If I walk far but am angry toward others as I journey, I walk nowhere. If I conquer mountains but hold grudges against others as I climb, I conquer nothing. If I see much but regard others as enemies, I see no one.
Wendy Owens, Sacred Bloodlines|He jokingly thought that this guy fancied himself some kind of Jedi knight, waiting for him to say, 'these are not the droids you're looking for.
Nicholas A. Christakis|Laughter is important, not only because it makes us happy, it also has actual health benefits. And that's because laughter completely engages the body and releases the mind. It connects us to others, and that in itself has a healing effect.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, The Inexplicable Logic of My Life|In the distance, I can see a storm coming in, the dark clouds and the lightning on the horizon moving towards me. I wait and I wait and I wait for the storm. And then it comes, and the rains wash away the nightmares and the memories. And I'm not afraid.
John Wooden|Yet losing him seemed unbearable. He was the one she loved, the one she would always love, and as he leaned in to kiss her, she gave herself over to him. While he held her close, she ran her hands over his shoulders and back, feeling the strength in his arms. She knew he’d wanted more in their relationship than she’d been willing to offer, but here and now, she suddenly knew she had no other choice. There was only this moment, and it was theirs.
Donna Galanti, The Dark Inside|Since we are not yet fully comfortable with the idea that people from the next village are as human as ourselves, it is presumptuous in the extreme to suppose we could ever look at sociable, tool-making creatures who arose from other evolutionary paths and see not beasts but brothers, not rivals by fellow pilgrims journeying to the shrine of intelligence. Yet that is what I see, or yearn to see. The difference between raman and varelse is not in the creature judged but in the creature judging, and when we declare an alien species to be raman, it does not mean that they have passed a threshold of moral maturity. It means that we have.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Bosch had never liked Las Vegas, though he came often on cases. It shared a kinship with Los Angeles; both were places desperate people ran to. Often, when they ran from Los Angeles, they came here. It was the only place left.
Bill Cosby|No matter how calmly you try to referee, parenting will eventually produce bizarre behavior, and I'm not talking about the kids. Their behavior is always normal.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Growing up I often wondered how the world would be today if, since the beginning of human life, every person acted as I did.
Virgil Thomson|'Life, Love & Hope' is... I'm thinking 'larger picture.' I'm not trying to preach to anyone. We all get lost and caught up in our everyday problems. Your cellphone doesn't work or you got a parking ticket, you had a bad day at work. You can lose sight of the really important things in life; that's what the song is about.
Sunday Adelaja|Rejecting sin is not a burden; on the contrary, it brings freedom and relief.
Ella Dominguez, The Art of Submission|Darn! what a beautiful night! Heading towards Pandara Road-Gulati Restaurant, with open windows of my baby sedan and this broad chest guy with big brown eyes.He hums the oldies well and his Issey Miyake is making me lose the grip over my senses.One more thing is distracting me, he ain't wearing anything inside but a transparent white, V necked, cotton short Kurta.I can see the hair winking out and his collar bones!!Not only men get excited by transparent dresses but women as well.His broad shoulders and chest is my weakness and he knows it.This man is not doing good to me!It's a crime to seduce in this way, when you are not touched, when you are distracted by the aroma of his skin, when you know, he is well aware of the intentions..when you can't do anything except getting seduced by the corner stretching smile of a man with animal instinct..I certainly am missing myself to be tied up to the bedpost,choked and groaning his name!
Henry Cloud|He is not concerned about making you blessed and happy right now, but He’s continually working out His ultimate perfection for you...
Kate Lattey, Dream On|I think you're wrong.""Well I think you're naive," Hayley snapped."Maybe," Marley conceded, starting to walk away. "But I'd rather be that than a bully like you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Many a rich man’s bed is bigger than many a poor woman’s bedroom; his bedroom, her house.
Donna Dixon|I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body.
Jessica Brody, The Karma Club|Whatever they may say, your story is truly your own. You have a responsibility to it, the way a father has to a child
Adriana Trigiani, Big Stone Gap|But behind all your stories is always your mother's story, because hers is where yours begins.
Stephen Whitfield, Omari And The People|What you must do,” she continued, “you will. Your mission will be as clear to you and as demanding as your heartbeat. Everything else is just a waste of your time.
Carrie Vaughn, Kitty's Big Trouble|All you know is what you think you know, but that isn't always what's real.
Janet Evanovich, Wicked Appetite|Diesel sucked air. "You keep fondling me like that, and I might have to marry you.""I'm not fondling you. I'm looking for the keys!""Could you look a little more gently? You're scaring my boys.
Lynsey Addario|Reading a book is like going on a great journey. You don't know what'll happen, but something is bound to change. And for me, that change has always been good.
Francis Bacon|Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
Daniel Marques, The 88 Secret Codes of the Power Elite: The Complete Truth about Making Money with the Law of Attraction and Creating Miracles in Life that is Being Hidden from You with Mind Programming|You are perfect, right now, as you are. You are perfect, but incomplete. You are exactly who you had to be, to create the life you have right now, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with you or your life. But, if you want to be, do, or have, something different, you will need to change.
Sheryl Sandberg|You are the promise for a more equal world. So my hope for everyone here is that after you walk across this stage, after you get your diploma, after you go out tonight and celebrate hard - you then will lean way in to your career. You will find something you love doing and you will do it with gusto. Find the right career for you and go all the way to the top.As you walk off this stage today, you start your adult life. Start out by aiming high. Try - and try hard.Like everyone here, I have great hopes for the members of this graduating class. I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it. Women all around the world are counting on you.So please ask yourself: What would I do if I weren't afraid? And then go do it.
Tyler Cowen|We went from a world where almost nobody knew anything about computers to a world where almost all of us are computer geeks for a huge fraction of our day. And I'd like to see that happen with the digital world of biological molecules, too.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Weakness drives us to set goals, to try harder, to put forth more effort, to dream and wish and hope, to reach out further and down deeper, to pray earnestly, to cry mightily, to understand and empathize with valid sincerity. In truth, weakness is a catalyst for greater strength.
Andre Braugher|You should be having more fun in high school, exploring things because you want to explore them and learning because you love learning-not worrying about competition.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Our Christian destiny is, in fact, a great one: but we cannot achieve greatness unless we lose all interest in being great. For our own idea of greatness is illusory, and if we pay too much attention to it we will be lured out of the peace and stability of the being God gave us, and seek to live in a myth we have created for ourselves. And when we are truly ourselves we lose most of the futile self-consciousness that keeps us constantly comparing ourselves with others in order to see how big we are.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|There are no words and there is no singing, but the music has a voice. It is an old voice and a deep voice, like the stump of a sweet cigar or a shoe with a hole. It is a voice that has lived and lives, with sorrow and shame, ecstasy and bliss, joy and pain, redemption and damnation. It is a voice with love and without love. I like the voice, and though I can't talk to it, I like the way it talks to me. It says it is all the same, Young Man. Take it and let it be.
Avijeet Das|I did put on the record player, the love symphony of Beethoven wafted in the air. You and I made love,last February on that amazing Sunday afternoon. And the neighbor's dog barked madly every time our bed creaked from all the gyrations that you and I could outmaneuver in our frenzy of wanting each other's body and soul!
Alin Sav|I´ve read the first pages of the script, it´s all about Jesus, He is the principal performer.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy|An artist without ideas is a mendicant; barren, he goes begging among the hours.
Dianna Hardy, Cry Of The Wolf|In my mind, I saw a string stretching from Henry’s heart at Quiet Waters to my heart. It was taut and it vibrated with Henry’s worries and fears and I felt them all.Deeply. I felt them all.
Richie Norton|Branding is a lot of things, but one thing it's not is soft.When you brand, rebrand or brand-diggity, ask yourself one thing to do it right: how will my brand create buyers?If you’re in business, that’s the goal. Buyers. Branding done well creates both long term loyalty and timely purchases.
Phyllis Battelle|"Worry" is a word that I don't allow myself to use.
Karen Abbott, American Rose: A Nation Laid Bare: The Life and Times of Gypsy Rose Lee|And you, Mom. I loved you. You've asked if i felt and understood that you loved me. of course I did. And you know this. I loved your love because it kept me safe and happy and wanted, and it existed beyond words and hugs and eyes.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest YO MAMA Jokes|Yo Mama’s so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said, “Sorry, no professionals.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|History is a Rorschach test, people. What you see when you look at it tells you as much about yourself as it does about the past.
Jackie Braun, Revenge Best Served Hot|In the Pretty Woman shopping scene, it’s not really about the clothes, or how much they cost, or how great she looks. When Vivian leaves the store, she’s not only a pretty woman, she’s a different woman. It gets me every time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Daily mediation is great to build a self confidence, peace of mind, and strong trust in God, the Divine Being.
Mary Oliver, Dream Work|Poem (the spirit likes to dress up) The spirit likes to dress up like this: ten fingers, ten toes,shoulders, and all the rest at night in the black branches, in the morningin the blue branches of the world. It could float, of course, but would ratherplumb rough matter. Airy and shapeless thing, it needs the metaphor of the body,lime and appetite, the oceanic fluids; it needs the body’s world, instinctand imagination and the dark hug of time, sweetness and tangibility,to be understood, to be more than pure light that burns where no one is –so it enters us – in the morning shines from brute comfort like a stitch of lightning;and at night lights up the deep and wondrous drownings of the body like a star.
James Surowiecki|I would absolutely love to go back to the simplicity of the '80s, where there wasn't texting, social media, iPhones, or smartphones. I love the fact that you would go home and check your messages. I'm not well suited to the world of modern technology.
Daniel O'Malley, Stiletto|I don't care what you people say...we are not using a font that does not have fucking serifs." - Rook Myfanwy Thomas
Paula Altenburg, Her Secret, His Surprise|Rory's big labradoodle made a snap judgement that Frankie was everything her life had been missing up until now. She flung herself into the girl's arms, wiggling and whining, a shaggy mass of chocolate-colored enthusiasm."Mistral likes you, I see." While he, the one who filled the dog's food dish, had gotten nothing but suspicious glances since he arrived two days earlier."of course you like me" she said, baby-talking into the dog's fur, "I'm extremely likeable."If the dog's expression was any indication, Frankie was about to get nominated for sainthood....She glanced at him. "Maybe she'd like you more if you weren't so... testosterone-y.""But then you might like me less
Debasish Mridha|Winning or losing is a perception, but learning is beauty.
Brandon Andress, And Then the End Will Come!: But Five Things You Need to Know in the Meantime|You need to be proud of the fact that you survived everything you went through as a child. Don't seperate yourself from that life. Embrace it, because I'm so fucking proud of you.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Home is what you take with you, not what you leave behind.
Janet Mock, Redefining Realness: My Path to Womanhood, Identity, Love & So Much More|Jesus, Samara Jane, do you fuck your girlfriend with that mouth?” She tugs my lip between her teeth. “Only when she’s good.
Lawrence Ferlinghetti|Congressmen who willfully take action during wartime that damages morale and undermine the military are saboteurs and should be arrested, exiled, or hung
George Saunders|Saturday morning, you knew what was cool by what was on 'Soul Train.'
Ashish Bhardwaj|he turns to the sunlight,And lifts her face up,She searches for the light,The light of hope, the light to kill her darkness She is broken inside, has lost her hope to revive,It’s all dark even in the brightest of daylight,She was living with the hurricane eyes all her lifeBut today, the storm has hit high,Touching her face, blowing her mind,Whispering into her subconscious mind,And as the lamp comes to her sight,She finds the real source of light, Gathering all broken pieces to survive, The light she was searching for has always been inside.Because she has always been the star wrapped in the skin of life!! ~AB
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|People who believe they have bad luck create bad luck. Those who believe they are very fortunate, that the world is a generous place filled with trustworthy people, live in exactly that kind of world.
Deanna Raybourn|You are curious and quick, you have a deft mind, and for some unaccountable reason, people tell you things -- useful things.
Ruth Park, The Harp in the South|The announcer, in milky tones, rolled out the commercial; it was all about some sort of washing powder that made laundry days a mere frolic in the backyard
Kenneth R. Miller|Each year on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s birth, America has the opportunity to reflect on our nation's progress towards the realization of his dream.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|I long ago abandoned myself to a blind lust for the written word. Literature is my sandbox. In it I play, build my forts and castles, spend glorious time.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|I pondered what else I should take for him. Flowers seemed wrong; they're a love token, after all. I looked in the fridge, and popped a packet of cheese slices into the bag. All men like cheese.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|What we call coincidences, accidental and remarkable events occurring at the same time, are actually circumstances and events that have come into your life to serve a purpose is to benefit you.
Stefanie Weisman, The Secrets of Top Students: Tips, Tools, and Techniques for Acing High School and College|If someone like this were to like me, to like my comedy, and to like the way I conduct myself professionally, it would mean that I suck as a person.
Christina Dodd, Tongue In Chic|A kiss can be dreadfully terrifying for the males of our species, I'm afraid." Rose said knowingly. "Sex is easy. All they really need is a few good thrusts. But when they kiss, they open themselves up and let you in. And that, my dear, makes some men's balls shrink to the size of raisins."Shelley snorted with laughter.Dex strode up to her. "Did someone say raisins? I'm starving.""You might try asking Max for some," Shelley said. "I'm sure he has at least two.
Yukako Kabei, Kieli, Volume 7: As the Deep Ravine's Wind Howls|...because there will never be any boy's wrist to tie the balloon of your helium heart to (it has floated high far away from the heavy stone of that unnameable boy in chicago), you would never be with someone and then someone else, and you would definitely never be someone to someone else's else.
Amie Kaufman|I’ve been thinking about it, since you said it,” said Seivarden. No, said Mercy of Kalr. “And I’ve concluded that I don’t want to be a captain. But I find I like the thought that I could be.
John Mark Green|I’ve always thought that the reason the devil approached Eve and not Adam is because the devil Recognized the power, courage, and the tenacity of a woman, the world would have you believe that Eve was a weaker sex and that is why the devil approached her, But think about it, a weak person would never disobey let alone desire to be God.
Alija Izetbegović|Based on the experience of history and civilization of mankind, which is more important for Muslims today, to no longer busy discussing the greatness that Muslims achieved in the past, or debating who first discovered the number zero, including the number one, two, three and so on, as the contribution of Muslims in the writing of numbers in this modern era and the foundation and development of civilizations throughout the world. But how Muslims will regained the lead and control of science and technology, leading back and become a leader in the world of science and civilization, because it represents a real achievement.
Mother Teresa|The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|There are no rights and wrongs. Just lessons, lessons and more lessons. With hopefully a little fun in-between.
Sol Stein|For the vision of a novelist is both complex and specialised; complex, because behind his characters and apart from them must stand something stable to which he relates them; specialised because since he is a single person with one sensibility the aspects of life in which he can believe with conviction are strictly limited
Maggie Stiefvater|I spent the first fourteen years of my life convinced that my looks were hideous. Adolescence is painful for everyone, I know, but mine was plain weird.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|You are a beloved child of God. But please remember this, too: You are human. You cannot expect to eat perfectly, look perfect, or be perfect. When you stumble, pick yourself up, even if you have to do it again and again.
Adrienne Rich, Storm Warnings|Storm WarningsThe glass has been falling all the afternoon, And knowing better than the instrument What winds are walking overhead, what zone Of grey unrest is moving across the land, I leave the book upon a pillowed chair And walk from window to closed window, watching Boughs strain against the skyAnd think again, as often when the air Moves inward toward a silent core of waiting, How with a single purpose time has traveled By secret currents of the undiscerned Into this polar realm. Weather abroad And weather in the heart alike come on Regardless of prediction.Between foreseeing and averting change Lies all the mastery of elements Which clocks and weatherglasses cannot alter. Time in the hand is not control of time, Nor shattered fragments of an instrument A proof against the wind; the wind will rise, We can only close the shutters.I draw the curtains as the sky goes black And set a match to candles sheathed in glass Against the keyhole draught, the insistent whine Of weather through the unsealed aperture. This is our sole defense against the season; These are the things we have learned to do Who live in troubled regions.
Jacques Maritain|Jo knew nothing about philosophy or metaphysics of any sort, but a curious excitement, half pleasurable, half painful, came over her, as she listened with a sense of being turned adrift into time and space, like a young balloon out on a holiday.
Nilesh Sakpal|You think I read your thoughts, but it's your eyes that speak to me. When they glisten with moisture, I see a depth of emotion stirring behind them. One tearful glance begs me for a reassuring embrace. When your gaze glazes over like a misty morning, I know I've lost you to personal cares. A sharp, narrow look will keep me at bay while a wink and twinkle and the flirty flutter of your dark eyelashes invite my company. The strength and duration of a stare gives your feelings towards me away. And when those wary eyes dart to avoid my notice, all of your hidden secrets are betrayed.
Rosamund Pike|My humour has always come from anger, but I have to make sure I don't just get angry and jump on a soapbox.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who think life is money, chase it. But those who think life is sharing live to give.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We want to be relevant . . . However, the more relevant we become to a sin-dominated world, the more irrelevant we actually are to God.
Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project|When you get caught up on other peoples' problems, solve them with caution so you don't suffer the excessive burdens of regrets.
TheKatAttack|Forty-two. His age had astounded him for years, and each time that he had sat so astounded, trying to figure out what had become of the young, slim man in his twenties, a whole additional year slipped by and had to be recorded, a continually growing sum which he could not reconcile with his self-image. He still saw himself, in his mind's eye, as youthful, and when he caught sight of himself in photographs he usually collapsed ... Somebody took my actual physical presence away and substituted this, he had thought from time to time. Oh well, so it went.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Pray. Not just with your words, but with your actions.
Pedro Martinez|Always look for the best ingredients, treat the food you cook with respect, always read the entire recipe first, be organized, and have fun.
Anne Lister|Saturday 12 July 1823 [Halifax]Could not sleep last night. Dozing, hot & disturbed ... a violent longing for a female companion came over me. Never remember feeling it so painfully before ... It was absolute pain to me.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The truth is, there is good and bad in everybody, in every nation, in every race, and in every religion. To hear someone say that all the people that belong to a certain country, race, or religion are bad — is extremely untruthful and makes the person making the statement lose credibility right away. We are all flawed and even nature is flawed. Nobody is perfect, and no country, race or religion is perfect. Duality and polarity are imprinted in everything in nature — in all humans, and even within ourselves. For example, there are those who are ignorant, and those who are wise.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Kaysen elaborates through parts of the book on her thoughts about how mental illness is treated. She explains that families who are willing to pay the rather high costs of hospitalization do so to prove their own sanity. Once one member of the family is hospitalized, it becomes easier for the rest of the family to distance themselves from the problem and to create a clear boundary between the sane and the insane. Recognizing a family member or friend as insane makes others around them, says Kaysen, compare themselves to that individual. Hospitalization allows for distance from this questioning of self that makes us so uncomfortable. Her view that mental illness often includes the entire family means the hospitalized family member becomes an excuse for other family members not to look at their own problems. This explains the willingness to pay the high financial costs of hospitalization.
Dada Bhagwan|The one, whose worldly entanglements have gone, is called the ‘Absolute Person’ (Sampoorna Purush).
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|I straddled his lap and sank onto him so slowly I almost lost it. Each inch of him filled my already sensitive body. Nose to nose with him, I whispered. "You come with me.'His mouth curved into a wicked smile. "Happily.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|Women KNOW, we just know. Even if we didn't know, we would know. Men won't get this, but women will..because we KNOW
Zac Goldsmith|I grew up with the Blind Boys' music. My family owns a music store in Claremont, California, called The Claremont Folk Music Center. I grew up with a heavy diet of gospel, folk, and blues because those are kind of the cornerstones of traditional American music.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
Donna Grant, The Hero|And when you love someone, seeing them sad also makes you sad.
Peter Yarrow, Puff, The Magic Dragon|To experience commitment as the loss of options, a type of death, the death of childhood's limitless possibility, of the flattery of choice without duress-this will happen, mark me. Childhood's end.
Leigh Hershkovich|Make life about more than just you. Take the world around you and transform it for the sake of others. Do a good deed for your neighbor; smile at strangers; volunteer for a bigger purpose and don’t except anything in return. The first step of redemption is digging yourself out of the hole you dug around yourself and dedicating your time to others. When the world stops revolving around your comfort zone and draws in the needs of others, you may quickly break the chains that hold you down from reaching your ultimate goal.
Rob Lowe|Most people, almost everyone knows of a teen mom. Teen pregnancy rates are growing, and we need to bring awareness to that.
B.C. Chase|The platypus, as it turns out, derives its DNA from a menagerie of creatures. When its genome was fully decoded, it was found only to be 80% mammalian, and had genes found previously only in reptilian, bird, amphibian, and fish DNA.
Thomas Lux|No poem ever bought a hamburger, or not too many.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Courage is the starting point of everything good. To love another is to automatically feed the fire of courage. We cannot be humiliated when we are fighting for someone or something we love. We will not give up when we are fighting for loved ones. As we evolve, our loved ones extend out from our family to include all of humanity. Courage and confidence will grow over the years with practice and self-awareness. We are never alone. God will help us. Such is the courage which gains respect from others. More importantly, we gain respect for ourselves.
Jon Secada|When nearly a third of our high school students do not graduate on time with their peers, we have work to do. We must design our middle and high schools so that no student gets lost in the crowd and disconnected from his or her own potential.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|Do you think it will always be this way?”“What?”“I mean, when do we start feeling like the world belongs to us?”I wanted to tell him that the world would never belong to us. “I don't know,” I said. “Tomorrow.
|Impossible is trying to change the entire world on your own. Possible is aiming to impressively change some things in it, which could then inspire others to rally up and start contributing some positive changes.
Joumana Haddad, I Killed Scheherazade: Confessions of an Angry Arab Woman|Don't be afraid of books, even the most dissident, seemingly 'immoral' ones. Culture is a sure bet in life, whether high, low, eclectic, pop, ancient or modern. And I am convinced that reading is one of the most important tools of liberation that any human being, and a contemporary Arab woman in particular, can exploit. I am not saying it is the ONLY tool, especially with all the new alternative - more visual, interactive and hasty - ways of knowledge, learning and growth. But how could I not be convinced of literature's power, when it has been my original emancipator?
Daphne du Maurier, My Cousin Rachel|A woman of feeling does not easily give way. You may call it pride, or tenacity, call it what you will. In spite of all the evidence to the contrary, their emotions are more primitive than ours. They hold to the thing they want, and never surrender. We have our wars and battles, Mr. Ashey. But women can fight too.
Louisa May Alcott|Lincoln's heartbeat picked up a little, the way it always did when he rounded that last bend in the road and saw home waiting up ahead.Home.
Eliot Spitzer|I played sports year around: basketball, soccer, softball and I ran track year around, from the time I was, like, six, seven.
Walter Brueggemann, An Other Kingdom: Departing the Consumer Culture|Cynicism always comes clothed in "realism". The alternatives to begin with an act of imagination. Can we imagine another way?
Lord Acton|I'm as happy a man as any in the world, for the whole world seems to smile upon me!
R. Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker|There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point… The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as we choose to make it.
Leo Tolstoy, Childhood, Boyhood, Youth|Don't be ashamed of reliving your childhood, Ox, because all of us must do it now and then to maintain our sanity.
Christina Engela, Innocent Minds|Unlike fine furniture, a man is better unfinished.
Gwen Cole, Cold Summer|Kale's usually picky about who drives his car, 'he says, smiling again. 'But in this case, I don't think he would mind''Well, technically, it's no longer his car, I point out.He tilts his head slightly. 'Touché.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Was it wisdom? Was it knowledge? Was it, once more, the deceptiveness of beauty, so that all one’s perceptions, half-way to truth, were tangled in a golden mesh? Or did she lock up within her some secret which certainly Lily Briscoe believed people must have for the world to go on at all? Every one could not be as helter skelter, hand to mouth as she was. But if they knew, could they tell one what they knew? Sitting on the floor with her arms round Mrs. Ramsay’s knees, close as she could get, smiling to think that Mrs. Ramsay would never know the reason of that pressure, she imagined how in the chambers of the mind and heart of the woman who was, physically, touching her, were stood, like the treasures in the tombs of kings, tablets bearing sacred inscriptions, which if one could spell them out, would teach one everything, but they would never be offered openly, never made public. What art was there, known to love or cunning, by which one pressed through into those secret chambers? What device for becoming, like waters poured into one jar, inextricably the same, one with the object one adored? Could the body achieve, or the mind, subtly mingling in the intricate passages of the brain? or the heart? Could loving, as people called it, make her and Mrs. Ramsay one? for it was not knowledge but unity that she desired, not inscriptions on tablets, nothing that could be written in any language known to men, but intimacy itself, which is knowledge, she had thought, leaning her head on Mrs. Ramsay’s knee.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... endowing the imperfect and the preterite with all the sweetness which there is in generosity, all the melancholy which there is in love; guided the sentence that was drawing to an end towards that which was waiting to begin, now hastening, now slackening the pace of the syllables so as to bring them, despite their difference in quantity, into a uniform rhythm, and breathed into this quite ordinary prose a kind of life, continuous and full of feeling.
Adam Savage|Pregnant women who are in places where Zika is spreading should do everything they can to avoid mosquito bites. And we, as a society, need to do everything we can to control Zika. That means learning more about it; that means controlling mosquitoes more effectively. That means achieving a vaccine.
Steph Bowe, Girl Saves Boy|You looked so beautiful- your hair spread out around your head against the linoleum. Though your think brown curls had thinned since you'd started losing weight, they still fell in soft waves. You reminded me of a mermaid, your skin all shiny, your lips so full compared to the harshness of your angular cheekbones and pointed chin.
Kevin Henkes|Sometimes I think as adults we think of them as — because they're small in size that they're small in all ways — and they're not. They have big feelings, and they have big eyes, they see things, they hear things, they're living life just the way an adult does and I think sometimes as adults we forget that.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|Sir Topher finally looked up. “Because any hope beyond that, my boy, would be too much. I feared we would drown in it.”"Then I choose to drown,” Finnikin said. “In hope. Rather than float into nothing.
Seann William Scott|I'm a traditionalist, so for me, black coffee is cool.
Carol Ann Duffy|One will never again look at a birch tree, after the Robert Frost poem, in exactly the same way.
Sunday Adelaja|The one surefire key to victory as a Christian in this fallen world is to be filled with the Holy Spirit—that is, to be completely submitted to and empowered by him.
Lord Byron|A string of excited, fugitive, miscellaneous pleasures is not happiness; happiness resides in imaginative reflection and judgment, when the picture of one's life, or of human life, as it truly has been or is, satisfies the will, and is gladly accepted.
Mindy Kaling|I had entered a world that no one with an evolved sense of joie de vivre would touch with a barge pole - it's called "Joining the Property Market" and it trumps war for stress!
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|Above the curving arc of the planet, a mammoth explosion plumed crimson and charcoal then erupted in a starburst of crystaline white which for a microsecond shone brighter than a sun. For the briefest moment he allowed himself to entertain the notion that they might win this battle.Then the real battle began.
Stephani Hecht, Double Shot Cappuccino|You think he has some bomb defusing MacGyver contraption cooked up that involves lube, condoms, and a paper clip?
Latika Teotia|From all the chaos, confusion, disorder, turmoil and pandemonium around her where things are in total disarray a woman is capable of not only restoring order but also bringing peace as well as harmony. She is brave, competent, accomplished, gifted, capable and blessed. Woman, be proud of yourself.
Cherise Sinclair, Master of the Abyss|This was taken when my brother was last on leave. My mom’s new boyfriend took it. Now there’s an insane person. Well, he’s from the next town over. Everyone in that freaking town is butt-fuck crazy. I’m totally moving there one day.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|I...think it much more supportable to be always alone, than never to be so.
Jimmy Carter, A Call to Action: Women, Religion, Violence, and Power|I realize that violence is not more prevalent today than in previous periods of human history, but there is a difference. We have seen visionary standards adopted by the global community that espouse peace and human rights, and the globalization of information ensures that the violation of these principles of nonviolence by a powerful and admired democracy tends to resonate throughout the world community. We should have advanced much further in the realization of women's rights, given these international commitments to peace and the rule of law.
Dejan Stojanovic|I visited many places, Some of them quite Exotic and far away, But I always returned to myself.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|I truly am %100 convinced that, if you want to raise knights and noble women, you must teach your children the philosophies of old. I have been teaching my son ancient philosophies since he was nine years old. It becomes a thought pattern, a way of life, an ingrained character. The philosophy of old is the stuff of knights and queens! If I can one day, I will put up a school dedicated to raising young children in the ways of old, from a fresh young age!
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Of all the wonders that I have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear;Seeing death, a necessary end,Will come when it will come.(Act II, Scene 2)
Germany Kent|Father God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy, for allowing us to be together under your covenant and God we thank you for the revelations and for the breakthroughs; for your direction and for your healing. We thank you God for the opportunity to just be a vessel for your kingdom. God we trust you, we love you, we honor you, and all glory is yours. Amen
Emunah Y'srael|I wonder who in their right mind thought I was mature enough for this: motherhood, home ownership, a career, adulthood in general. I hope I have them all fooled, that I have any clue at all what I’m doing.
Adela Knight, Subway Girl|That’s enough naughty girl,” you say in a mocking tone, “I am going to put you over my knee and spank you for being such a bad wife tonight. It will hurt, but you’re going to enjoy it a lot more than you’ll admit…
Roshan Sharma|The natural laws of life is not an idea but the truth that holds life on existence. Once you realize the truth within, all your problems and queries of life, cease to exist.
Nancy B. Brewer|Listen, my child, to the voices of your ancestors. Take pride in our accomplishments; find your strength in our suffering. For WE are not just voices in the wind, WE are a living part of YOU
Rodney Atkins|When you're adopted, no matter what, you've got issues with unconditional love. And you find out you're the product of the worst situation for a young girl to be in and start her life, and I'm so grateful that my birth mom made the decision she made. She came from a rough situation.
Sunday Adelaja|The tougher the problem, the sweeter the victory
Michael Thomas Ford, Looking For It|I believe that God—if he exists at all—is what we want him to be. The true God is unknowable, and so we dress him up in costumes that make him visible to us. Then we come up with a lot of very silly rules that we attribute to him and tell everyone if they don't follow those rules, they can't be part of the gang.
William Barclay|It's not about being thin, it's about being healthy. And when you are a child you like to eat all these unhealthy things like chocolate and sweets. Oh my God. I love strawberries dipped in chocolate and Lion bars and Toffee Crisps - and as you grow up, you have to learn that those things are only good in moderation or you will become very fat.
Donald E. Westlake|My mother believed in all superstitions, plus she made some up.
Sigrid Undset, The Wife|Content, I am not interested in that at all. I don't give a damn what the film is about. I am more interested in how to handle the material so as to create an emotion in the audience. I find too many people are interested in the content. If you were painting a still life of some apples on a plate, it's like you'd be worrying whether the apples were sweet or sour. Who cares?
Marianne Williamson, Everyday Grace: Having Hope, Finding Forgiveness And Making Miracles|You have tremendous gifts to give; God sent them with you when you came to this earth. And while you might forget them, or doubt they exist, God does not forget and He will show them to you. As soon as your gifts are dedicated to His work, they will blossom. Chains that might have held you back for years will dissolve. And you will feel free. You will learn that your spirit is bigger than your circumstances, as soon as you put your spirit first.
Loreena McKennitt|The worst things always happen at night, and oftener than one would think on stormy nights. ("The Compensation House")
Alden Ehrenreich|The pleasantly crude 'Hall Pass' reminds us of what's been missing from movies: Those squirm-inducing moments in comedy that produce enough discomfort that, at points, what we're watching is half a heartbeat away from a horror film.
Chris Pine|I think life is a matter of choices and that wherever we are, good or bad, is because of choices we make.
Taylor Marsh, The Sexual Education of a Beauty Queen|Women are caught between feminism and the pornification of America, and men are, too. I spent my youth squatting on a pedestal, the beauty queen who couldn’t get laid. I’ve been a Relationship Consultant, phone sex diva, mistress, been fought over, lived with hunks who treated me as the trophy, then couldn’t deliver. Now I’m married, because he wouldn’t take no for an answer, and I’m grateful he didn’t. I always knew what I wanted, which is where it all begins. I can help others get theirs, too.” - Taylor Marsh
Hans Cloos, Conversation with the Earth|It was during my enchanted days of travel that the idea came to me, which, through the years, has come into my thoughts again and again and always happily—the idea that geology is the music of the earth.
Holly Black, White Cat|All the same, it strikes me as unfair that I still have to defend myself against her moral judgements. My continuing need for her approbation is pathetic. Twice now I have stopped myself on the street to remonstrate with her, a crazy old coot talking to himself.
Moshe Safdie|As architects we are often involved in the concrete-steel-and-glass aspect of it, but cities are social structures, and to be involved in imagining the future of cities and the type of relationships and the types of places that we're making is something that intrigues me very much.
David Augsburger|If we want to fight people in the world, we should fight them with pillows - pillows stuffed with food, medicine, music... That would be so much cheaper than bombs.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We do not admire, we hardly excuse, the fanatic who wrecks this world for love of the other. But what are we to say of the fanatic who wrecks this world out of hatred of the other? He sacrifices the very existence of humanity to the non-existence of God. He offers his victims not to the altar, but merely to assert the idleness of the altar and the emptiness of the throne. He is ready to ruin even that primary ethic by which all things live, for his strange and eternal vengeance upon some one who never lived at all.
Stephen Chbosky|I hate you.'My sister said it different than she said it to my dad. She meant it with me. She really did.'I love you,' was all I could say in return.
P. T. Barnum|Science fiction isn't just thinking about the world out there. It's also thinking about how that world might be - a particularly important exercise for those who are oppressed, because if they're going to change the world we live in, they - and all of us - have to be able to think about a world that works differently.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I have been investigating this modern problem of decline in readership and my conclusion is that it has little to do with bad readership and a whole lot with a difference in information speed. Frankly, the modern brain is much faster than the classical brain was in how it absorbs information and novels do not reflect this development. They are simply not dense enough. Too slow, not the right tempo - bores the shit out of a modern brain! There's the real problem: our brains have developed into different speed levels that authors cant adjust to. It has nothing whatsoever to do with quality: it has rather a whole lot to do with people claiming to be authors who are incapable of concentrating their ideas in the right sort of space, and rather smear out a few already halfbaked ideas over 30 plus pages. Hello! Do you think its weird a facebooktrained mind, capable of digesting enormous amounts of information at quick speeds, is bored shitless with that? The problem is not bad readership but rather bad authorship: authors that cannot adjust to the times. And since there are a zillion books published every day of authors that just cant keep up with the speed of the times, and criticism hardly exists anymore in modern society, it becomes simply very unattractive to read books, unless one keeps to the classics, which are books that are much more dense at essence.
Mohamed Saad|Learn soon...Reach moon by bus,if you late ...they will kike you out
Nikki Rae, Sun Poisoned|Michael...Michael got bitten. And now he's a vampire. But he doesn't remember becoming one, and that's a big problem. So if you see him, don't, you know, hug. He bites. He doesn't mean it, though.
Gail Carriger, Blameless|Any other questions?""Just one," I say. "What color are your eyes?" I want to know what he thinks, how he sees himself - the real Ky - when he dares to look."Blue," he says sounding surprised, "they've always been blue.""Not to me.""What do they look like to you?" he says puzzled, amused. Not looking at my mouth anymore, looking into my eyes."Lots of colors," I say. "At first I thought they were brown. Once I thought they were green...""What are they now?" he asks. He widens his eyes a little, leans closer, lets me look as long and deep as I want."Well?""Everything," I tell him, "They're everything.
A G Maran|A fight with her mother? It was certainly within the realm of possibility, I guessed. Elizabeth was a teenager and her mother was ... well, her mother. Normally they were the best of friends, but even best friends fight.
Gary E. Fraser|For specific causes of death, compared with regular meat eaters, low meat eaters had ~30–45% lower mortality from pancreatic cancer, respiratory disease, and all other causes of death, fish eaters had ~20% lower mortality from malignant cancer and ~20% higher circulatory disease mortality, and vegetarians and vegans had ~50% lower mortality from pancreatic cancer and cancers of the lymphatic/ hematopoietic tissue. These findings were essentially unchanged on further adjustment for BMI, and generally were robust across categories of sex, smoking, and BMI for the 6 most common causes of death.
J.D. Cunegan, Blood Ties|So now that you know my truth, let's talk about yours.
Aileen Erin, Becoming Alpha|No. No break. We don’t need a break. I’m not perfect, but I get it. I can’t see you run away from me again. So we stop this. We’re all in, because there is no other option for me. You’re my mate. You’re it for me. You have to trust me.
Jennifer Allwood, Covering Your Business in Prayer|Remind me, Lord, of why I create things and that YOU ... you are the best of artists, put these gifts in me to share with the world.
G. Stanley Hall|I was trying to be 27 at age 47, but God had to get rid of my vanity. I had trouble letting go of the old Lex physically. My human fleshly nature didn't want to let go of what had come to be billed as 'The Total Package.' I guess God had to help me get rid of the last remnant of that vanity and pride.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|The genius of the current caste system, and what most distinguishes it from its predecessors, is that it appears voluntary. People choose to commit crimes, and that's why they are locked up or locked out, we are told. This feature makes the politics of responsibility particularly tempting, as it appears the system can be avoided with good behavior. But herein lies the trap. All people make mistakes. All of us are sinners. All of us are criminals. All of us violate the law at some point in our lives. In fact, if the worst thing you have ever done is speed ten miles over the speed limit on the freeway, you have put yourself and others at more risk of harm than someone smoking marijuana in the privacy of his or her living room. Yet there are people in the United States serving life sentences for first-time drug offenses, something virtually unheard of anywhere else in the world.
Marjorie Agosín, I Lived on Butterfly Hill|Everyone is always learning something new," my father would remind me when he checked to see if I was doing my homework and found me gazing out the window at the stars. "If not, why be alive?
Maxine Phillips|Where there are problems, there are profits.
Tijan|Come on, you guys. I know you want to line up to hug this motherfucker here. Don’t be shy. My awesomeness is contagious.” He winked.Mason got up, shaking his head. “You were just on the phone with Logan, weren’t you?”“Hell yeah, my Mason motherfucker. Come here, you gorgeous son of a bitch.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|This is beautiful." Eugenie ran her fingers along a massive mahogany sideboard, on the top of which rested a red velvet sash with fine embroidery on it and, on top of the sash, a silver dagger. That little vignette was Jean Lafitte in a nutshell. Refined gentleman and renegade. Velvet and violence.
Sheri Meshal, Swallowtail|If your screen stays blank or your notepad empty, God cannot use your words.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you have not seen the real end of the journey, don’t boast much at the beginning and never be too proud and haughty in mid of the path. Keep the real end in mind and mind how to get to the real end successfully!
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|I am time the destroyer of all beings in all worlds, engaged to destroy all beings in this world; of those heroic soldiers presently situated in the opposite army even without you non will be spared.
Jose Andres|I eat only vegetables and fruit, and to me it's the most aspirational diet because it's so easy. It's quite simple, the cooking I do.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have food on your table, clothes on your back, a roof on your head, and a dream in your heart, you have everything you need in life.
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|A certain light was beginning to dawn dimly within her,—the light which, showing the way, forbids it.
Stephen King|I couldn't be happier that President Bush has stood up for having served in the National Guard, because I can finally put an end to all those who questioned my motives for enlisting in the Army Reserve at the height of the Vietnam War.
Debasish Mridha|My writings are reflections of my momentary thoughts, imaginations, and love for you and life in this world as a whole.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|It had been her mercy, her refusal to kill a known enemy, that had made me realize the Order was wrong. It was because of her that I was here now, risking my life to protect the creatures I’d once driven toward extinction. Because a dragon had spared the life of a soldier of St. George, everything had changed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The rarest, truest beauty is visible only to the heart.
Alexandre Dumas, The Black Tulip|It is quite rare for God to provide a great man at the necessary moment to carry out some great deep, which is why when this unusual combination of circumstance does occur, history at once records the name of the chosen one and recommends him to the admiration of posterity. 
Robert Epstein, Teen 2.0: Saving Our Children and Families from the Torment of Adolescence|[One way] researchers sometimes evaluate people's judgments is to compare those judgments with those of more mature or experienced individuals. This method has its limitations too, because mature or experienced individuals are sometimes so set in their ways that they can't properly evaluate new or unique conditions or adopt new approaches to solving problems.
Grimes|I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
Glenn Thompson|If you're not paying for it through the health plan, you pay for it in the emergency room.
Mackenzie Herbert, Chasing Trains|I know you're just trying to be kind. But the world isn't always kind. So sometimes you have to know what you're up against, and match it.' He held up a hand to stop the words about to be spoken; I could see the vague shape of it hovering in the blackness. 'I know it's not right to fight fire with fire. But sometimes, it's all we've got." His voice grew soft, and, in the darkness, his hand found mine, squeezed. 'Don't put your fire out, Kaitlyn. Use it, or pass the torch.
Olga Goa|Although I think the word "pleasure" is unknown to you. More precisely, its practical meaning". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Simon Van Booy|If I have brought any message today, it is this: Have the courage to have your wisdom regarded as stupidity. Be fools for Christ. And have the courage to suffer the contempt of the sophisticated world.
Mitch McConnell|In the inner city, there's a mentality that the government owes you something. My breakthrough came when I stopped feeling sorry for myself and took responsibility for every part of my life. No more pity parties. I've gotta love me more than anybody else loves me.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Just because some dreams never see light that doesn’t make us nonbelievers, they are wings to our sky and fiction makes us dream. I know the truth is fatal, especially for the stubborn’s but trust me the illusion is worse.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|You've got an empire to run, I'm just your arm candy.
Gabriela Isler|High heels are like a beauty lift. In a flat, you can feel beautiful, but a stiletto changes your mood, how you move - like a wild, beautiful animal. The idea was always to follow a woman's wardrobe, her desires.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Kvothe looked at Bast for a long moment. “Oh Bast,” he said softly to his student. His smile was gentle and sad. “I know what sort of story I’m telling. This is no comedy.”“This is the end of the story, Bast. We all know that.” Kvothe’s voice was matter-of-fact, as casual as if he were describing yesterday’s weather. “I have led an interesting life, and this reminiscence has a certain sweetness to it. But . . .”Kvothe drew a deep breath and let it out gently. “. . . but this is not a dashing romance. This is no fable where folk come back from the dead. It’s not a rousing epic meant to stir the blood. No.We all know what kind of story this is.
John McEnroe|I don't think enough players channel the energy of the crowd. If it's done properly, and you don't let anger overwhelm and distract you, it's like a shot of adrenaline in the arm, and it gets the crowd pumped up.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must dare greatly, to receive the grace for greatness.
Anne Hollander|No garment which distorts the shape and motion of the wearer is beautiful, nor s any garment beautiful which emphasizes more than one or at most two of your sexual characteristics.
lauren klarfeld|Few people will understand that to love is like being able to select and read a good book. They don’t just stop at the title or the cover. They stop because...they wanted to read the content. The wanted to read each word, each sentence, each line, but most of all, what was in between the lines...
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|Mr Leopold Bloom ate with relish the inner organs of beasts and fowls. He liked thick giblet soup, nutty gizzards, a stuffed roast heart, liverslices fried with crustcrumbs, fried hencods' roes. Most of all he liked grilled mutton kidneys which gave to his palate a fine tang of faintly scented urine.
Kaiylah Muhammad, Out of the Cage|We want to change our surroundings, but we don't want to change ourselves. We are so quick to point out others' flaws, but can't admit our own. We complain about the problems with society, but don't offer a solution or acknowledge that we could be a part of the problem. And once we feel like we've outgrown a problem, instead of sharing what we've learned from our experience, we act so enlightened and better than the next man.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|One grave in every graveyard belongs to the ghouls. Wander any graveyard long enough and you will find it - water stained and bulging, with cracked or broken stone, scraggly grass or rank weeds about it, and a feeling, when you reach it, of abandonment. It may be colder than the other gravestones, too, and the name on the stone is all too often impossible to read. If there is a statue on the grave it will be headless or so scabbed with fungus and lichens as to look like fungus itself. If one grave in a graveyard looks like a target for petty vandals, that is the ghoul-gate. If the grave wants to make you be somewhere else, that is the ghoul-gate.
Ace Antonio Hall, Lord of the Flies: Fitness for Writers|To fully encapsulate my creativity, I read to inhale, write to exhale. The whole process helps me breathe story.
Ann Brashares, The Last Summer|I would rather be damned by my honesty, than caged by my lies.
Brian  McClellan, Promise of Blood|The people are hungry,” Mihali said. He lifted his hands, spreading them to encompass the city. “The people need to be fed. They need bread and wine and soup and meat. But not just that. They need friendship.” He pointed to a minor noble, some viscount decked out in his finest foppish frills, who poured a bottle of St. Adom’s Festival wine into the cups of a half-dozen street urchins.“They need companionship,” Mihali said. “They need love and brotherhood.” He turned to Tamas. He reached out with one hand, putting a palm to Tamas’s cheek. Instinct told Tamas to step back. He found that he couldn’t.“You gorged them on the blood of the nobility,” Mihali said gently. “They drank, but were not filled. They ate of hatred and grew hungrier.” He took a deep breath. “Your intentions were… well, not pure, but just. Justice is never enough.” He let go of Tamas and turned to the square. “I will put things right,” he said. He puffed out his chest and spread his arms. “I will feed all of Adro. It is what they need.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|Work smart, stay informed, never give up, and great things will happen.
Jordan Silver, Broken|Look, let’s get one thing straight here. I don’t know what went down between you and the asshole and I really don’t care. But if we’re gonna dance this dance with each other, you’re gonna have to stop comparing me to him. I doubt he’d even come close anyway so it’s a waste of time.
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|There was another problem with Emma's father, difficult for a small child who already thought of herself as greedy - his way of trying to keep her attention, to bribe her, with gifts. On each vof her visits, he would appear with you presents, beautifully wrapped> And her confusion that she liked - and wanted - the presents, but not the man, was painful. He used 'sparkly Sellotape' and cut things into nice shapes and she wistfully w
Crystal Evans, The Bunna Man: Joe Grind Series|I never set out to bash men, it is not about revenge, I always say at the end of a relationship that i hope that i have created a better man for the next woman by what i allowed and reinforcedCrystal EvansThe Bunna Man
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|Plus there’s the fact,” he went on, making it clear he didn’t need me to reply anyway, “that music is a total constant. That’s why we have such a strong visceral connection to it, you know? Because a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in you or the world, that one song stays the same, just like that moment. Which is pretty amazing, when you actually think about it.
Kristin Hannah, Winter Garden|Her complexity is a glorious fire that consumes, while her simplicity goes unapproachable. But if one takes time to understand her, there is something beautiful to find, something simple to be loved. But she goes unloved, for being misunderstood.
A.S. Green, Summer Girl|She gulped her whiskey sour. The bar was hot tonight.CJ circled back to check on them. "You ladies doing okay?""Define okay." Natalie's whiskey seemed to be talking. Because the whiskey was the only thing that could've put that husky, suggestive tone in her voice. Yep, that was all the whiskey.He propped his elbows on the bar, which put his face level with hers, and fixed his undivided attention on her. There went her lady bits fanning themselves. With a few added whimpers. They remembered what his hands and body and lips felt like too."Content." His voice was low and raw, his gaze penetrating and unwavering. "Happy. Completely, one hundred percent satisfied."Her mouth went dry while the rest of her went up in needy flames that made her want to scratch the all-but-gone rash he'd tended so well on Monday."Nope," Natalie squeaked. "Not okay then.
Geoffrey Wood, The God Cookie|Reading haiku is like viewing a photograph or a painting. A haiku is a moment of time, isolated, and held up for viewing.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|From the end of the World War twenty-one years ago, this country, like many others, went through a phase of having large groups of people carried away by some emotion--some alluring, attractive, even speciously inspiring, public presentation of a nostrum, a cure-all. Many Americans lost their heads because several plausible fellows lost theirs in expounding schemes to end barbarity, to give weekly handouts to people, to give everybody a better job--or, more modestly, for example, to put a chicken or two in every pot--all by adoption of some new financial plan or some new social system. And all of them burst like bubbles.Some proponents of nostrums were honest and sincere, others--too many of them--were seekers of personal power; still others saw a chance to get rich on the dimes and quarters of the poorer people in our population. All of them, perhaps unconsciously, were capitalizing on the fact that the democratic form of Government works slowly. There always exists in a democratic society a large group which, quite naturally, champs at the bit over the slowness of democracy; and that is why it is right for us who believe in democracy to keep the democratic processes progressive--in other words, moving forward with the advances in civilization. That is why it is dangerous for democracy to stop moving forward because any period of stagnation increases the numbers of those who demand action and action now.
Heraclitus|Never expect others to be like you, it can be the biggest nightmare!!! Collaboration and synchronization needs to be found in the difference
Andy Weir|Try to think of working out and healthy eating as a lifestyle. Rather than go on a diet or try a crazy exercise routine, try making them something you do every day.
Marlee Matlin|We assume that we've come so far as compassionate citizens of the world if we do choose to read the news, yet the attitude towards life can be one where we put blinders on and forget that there are civil wars going on. It's easy to forget that there are so many people starving to death every single day.
Daniel Alarcón, At Night We Walk in Circles|For a knowledge of intimacy, localization in the spaces of our intimacy is more urgent than determination of dates.
Poyntz Tyler, A Garden of Cucumbers|The reason they outperformed her was that they accepted each new “product” without trying to understand it. They got behind the new pitch wholeheartedly, even when it was risible and/or made no sense, and then, if a prospective customer had trouble understanding the “product,” they didn’t vocally agree that it sure was difficult to understand, didn’t make a good-faith effort to explain the complicated reasoning behind it, but simply kept hammering on the written pitch. And clearly this was the path to success, and it was all a double disillusionment to Pip, who not only felt actively punished for using her brain but was presented every month with fresh evidence that Bay Area consumers on average responded better to a rote and semi-nonsensical pitch than to a well-meaning saleswoman trying to help them understand the offer.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Hope is soothing, but it can become deceptive if we cling to it as the last resort against reality,
Nikki Rowe|Seek the temple within, the silent place you can go in the midst of it all.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|What's that?""That's my attack poodle.
Chuck Palahniuk, Snuff|The religious school she went to, growing up, Ms. Wright said how all the girls had to wear a scarf tied to cover their ears at all times. Based on the biblical idea that the Virgin Mary became pregnant when the Holy Spirit whispered in her ear. The idea that ears were vaginas. That, hearing just one wrong idea, you lost your innocence. One detail too many and you’d be ruined. Overdosed on information.
Agatha Christie, Death in the Clouds|Youth endures all things, kings and poetry and love. Everything but time.
A. E. Housman|I used to write sonnets and various things, and moved from there into writing prose, which, incidentally, is a lot more interesting than poetry, including the rhythms of prose.
N. Katherine Hayles, How We Became Posthuman: Virtual Bodies in Cybernetics, Literature, and Informatics|If my nightmare is a culture inhabited by posthumans who regard their bodies as fashion accessories rather than the ground of being, my dream is a version of the posthuman that embraces the possibilities of information technologies without being seduced by fantasies of unlimited power and disembodied immortality, that recognizes and celebrates finitude as a condition of human being, and that understands human life is embedded in a material world of great complexity, one on which we depend for our continued survival.
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|Sedona is beautiful, but your soul is even more beautiful.
Josh Billings|Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Rin Chupeco, The Girl from the Well|There is a thrill in relishing the suffering of strangers, and they hide their interest with worried faces.
M. Clifford, The Book|To breathe is to live, but to write unimpeded is to breathe eternal.
Christine Warren, Stone Cold Lover|The Defiler will not have you, Felicity. I have claimed you for myself."The rumble of those words, soft and dark, sent shivers racing through her. Her imagination supplied all sorts of images of ways she could be claimed by him, and none of them had anything to do with evil.Heat flooded her cheek, then wormed its way lower. It built in the pit of her belly until she couldn't bear it anymore. Her hand shifted from his shoulder to his cheek, and she lifted herself up on her toes."Show me," she whispered, just before she pressed her lips to his.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We are refined like gold, with every adversity endured.
Linkin Park|You were standing in the wake of devastation And you were waiting on the edge of the unknown And with the cataclysm raining down Insides crying "Save me now" You were there, impossibly alone
Alexander Pope|There too he had been treated with revolting injustice. His struggles, his privations,his hard work to raise himself in the social scale, hadfilled him with such an exalted conviction of his merits that it was extremely difficult for the world to treat him with justice— the standard of that notion depending so much upon the patience of the individual. The Professor had genius, but lacked the great social virtue of resignation.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|So I saw that there was only me. There was only me who could worry about what was happening here, inside these walls of my life. Other people had their own worlds to worry about, and in the end, they had to fend for themselves, just like us.
Dana Reinhardt, The Summer I Learned to Fly|There are times when you wake at dawn and check your neck for the marks of the vampire, those two little red dots, your pupils still contracted with hate, muscles weary from the struggle.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|At anytime you can decide to live a life that says " I love myself
Rita Mae Brown, Alma Mater|People never learn anything by being told, they have to find out for themselves.
Saurabh Singal|...Dickey Perrott, you Jago whelp, look at them - look hard. Some day if you are clever - cleverer than anyone in the Jago right now - if you're only scoundrel enough, and brazen enough, and lucky enough - one of a thousand - maybe you'll be like them: bursting with high living, drunk when you like, red and pimply. There it is - that's your aim in life - there's your pattern. Learn to read and write, learn all you can, learn cunning, spare nobody and stop at nothing, and perhaps - It's the best the world has for you, for the Jago's got you, and that's the only way out, except gaol and the gallows. So do your devil most, or God help you, Dicky Perrot - though he wont: for the Jago's got you!
T.A|The Indians say to draw someone's portrait is to steal their soul, i am taking photographs, does it mean that i am just borrowing them?
Alexis de Tocqueville|At the sight of the flag he tasted tears in his throat. In the Stars and Stripes all the passions of his life coalesced to produce the ache with which he loved the United States of America - with which he loved the dirty, plain, honest faces of GIs in the photographs of World War Two, with which he loved the sheets of rain rippling across the green playing field toward the end of the school year, with which he cherished the sense-memories of the summers in his childhood, the many Kansas summers, running the bases, falling harmlessly onto the grass, his head beating with heat, the stunned streets of breezeless afternoons, the thick, palpable shade of colossal elms, the muttering of radios beyond the windowsills, the whirring of redwing blackbirds, the sadness of the grown-ups at their incomprehensible pursuits, the voices carrying over the yards in the dusks that fell later and later, the trains moving through town into the sky. His love for his country, his homeland, was a love for the United States of America in the summertime. 
Helen Fisher|I think that the Bible teaches that homosexuality is a sin, but the Bible also teaches that pride is a sin, jealousy is a sin, and hate is a sin, evil thoughts are a sin. So I don't think that homosexuality should be chosen as the overwhelming sin that we are doing today.
Victoriya Anissimova|It is a mistake to speak of a bad choice in love, since as soon as there is a choice it can only be a bad one.
Pamela Redmond Satran|Even as a small child, I understood that woman had secrets, and that some of these were only to be told to daughters. In this way we were bound together for eternity.
Dada Bhagwan|The thing [vastu, eternal element] itself is just one. But a ‘like’ and ‘dislike’ occurs due to illusion, because everyone’s viewpoint is different.
David Blaine|In 29 years, I had recorded over 2,200 songs. I was amazed.
Debasish Mridha|Life happened in the past. Life will happen in the future, but life is happening at this moment. Live in this moment. Seize this moment!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Things you'd never even seen with Finn could remind you of him, because he was the one person you'd want to show. "Look at that," you'd want to say, because you knew he would find a way to think it was wonderful. To make you feel like the most observant person in the world for spotting it.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|Time was when much of lawyering consisted (according to turn-of-the-century lawyer and statesman Elihu Root) in "telling would-be clients that they are damned fool's, and should stop.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|III. I have often wondered how it should come to pass, that every man loving himself best, should more regard other men's opinions concerning himself than his own. For if any God or grave master standing by, should command any of us to think nothing by himself but what he should presently speak out; no man were able to endure it, though but for one day. Thus do we fear more what our neighbours will think of us, than what we ourselves.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|There are women named Faith, Hope, Joy, and Prudence. Why not Despair, Guilt, Rage, and Grief? It seems only right. 'Tom, I'd like you to meet the girl of my dreams, Tragedy.' These days, Trajedi.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|The French army had crowned a campaign of extraordinary successes by defeating the Austrians at Jemappes and pressing on to occupy a large swathe of Belgium and threaten Holland. For Britain, this changed everything: a French republic that spread across the North Sea coast meant the entire coastline facing Britain would be in Republican hands.
Elizabeth Carlton, Chivalry's Code|After all of this you're still 'Rayhan the Chivalrous', full of hope and optimism?
Joyce Meyer|Californians are people who insist on growing their own vegetables, but they won't dig up the pretty lawn, won't plant anything for fear of getting dirty, and they use fragrant bath salts from The Body Shop instead of smelly compost.
Beatriz Williams, The Forgotten Room|Oh that I had the opportunity to rethink so many of my decisions, for the pitfalls into which I have so frequently fallen were often dug with the shovel of those very decisions.
Stacey Kade, The Rules|Beyond the curve of his days he glimpsed neither superhuman happiness nor eternity--happiness was human, eternity ordinary.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|I think our last kiss was meant to be quick and chaste, but after the first touch of his lips fire leaped up and roared through my belly. My fingers yanked him close, digging into his back, and his arms crushed me to him as if wanting to meld us together. I knotted my fingers in his hair and bit down on his bottom lip, making him groan. His lips parted, and my tongue swept in to dance with his. There was nothing sweet or gentle in our last kiss; it was filled with sorrow and desperation, of the bitter knowledge that we could've had something perfect, but it just wasn't meant to be.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Reading for enjoyment won't die altogether, but this Ereader device has the potential to repel those less imaginative from fiction. And that could have an undesirable domino effect.
Carl Sagan, Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors: A Search For Who We Are|Fireflies out on a warm summer's night, seeing the urgent, flashing, yellow-white phosphorescence below them, go crazy with desire; moths cast to the winds an enchantment potion that draws the opposite sex, wings beating hurriedly, from kilometers away; peacocks display a devastating corona of blue and green and the peahens are all aflutter; competing pollen grains extrude tiny tubes that race each other down the female flower's orifice to the waiting egg below; luminescent squid present rhapsodic light shows, altering the pattern, brightness and color radiated from their heads, tentacles, and eyeballs; a tapeworm diligently lays a hundred thousand fertilized eggs in a single day; a great whale rumbles through the ocean depths uttering plaintive cries that are understood hundreds of thousands of kilometers away, where another lonely behemoth is attentively listening; bacteria sidle up to one another and merge; cicadas chorus in a collective serenade of love; honeybee couples soar on matrimonial flights from which only one partner returns; male fish spray their spunk over a slimy clutch of eggs laid by God-knows-who; dogs, out cruising, sniff each other's nether parts, seeking erotic stimuli; flowers exude sultry perfumes and decorate their petals with garish ultraviolet advertisements for passing insects, birds, and bats; and men and women sing, dance, dress, adorn, paint, posture, self-mutilate, demand, coerce, dissemble, plead, succumb, and risk their lives. To say that love makes the world go around is to go too far. The Earth spins because it did so as it was formed and there has been nothing to stop it since. But the nearly maniacal devotion to sex and love by most of the plants, animals, and microbes with which we are familiar is a pervasive and striking aspect of life on Earth. It cries out for explanation. What is all this in aid of? What is the torrent of passion and obsession about? Why will organisms go without sleep, without food, gladly put themselves in mortal danger for sex? ... For more than half the history of life on Earth organisms seem to have done perfectly well without it. What good is sex?... Through 4 billion years of natural selection, instructions have been honed and fine-tuned...sequences of As, Cs, Gs, and Ts, manuals written out in the alphabet of life in competition with other similar manuals published by other firms. The organisms become the means through which the instructions flow and copy themselves, by which new instructions are tried out, on which selection operates. 'The hen,' said Samuel Butler, 'is the egg's way of making another egg.' It is on this level that we must understand what sex is for. ... The sockeye salmon exhaust themselves swimming up the mighty Columbia River to spawn, heroically hurdling cataracts, in a single-minded effort that works to propagate their DNA sequences into future generation. The moment their work is done, they fall to pieces. Scales flake off, fins drop, and soon--often within hours of spawning--they are dead and becoming distinctly aromatic. They've served their purpose. Nature is unsentimental. Death is built in.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
Herodotus, The Histories|When the rich give a party and the meal is finished, a man carries round amongst the guests a wooden image of a corpse in a coffin, carved and painted to look as much like the real thing as possible, and anything from 18 inches to 3 foot long; he shows it to each guest in turn, and says: "Look upon this body as you drink and enjoy yourself; for you will be just like it when you are dead."[Herodotus ‘Histories’, II 82]
Shelly Thacker, Forever His|A fierce possessiveness gripped him, a need to brand her, to make her his, now and forever. And he knew it was madness.
Daisaku Ikeda|Femininity is not just lipstick, stylish hairdos, and trendy clothes. It is the divine adornment of humanity. It finds expression in your qualities of your capacity to love, your spirituality, delicacy, radiance, sensitivity, creativity, charm, graciousness, gentleness, dignity, and quiet strength.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|Success is a journey of learning. One who imbibe theLearning, achieves the SUCCESS!!!
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner: A Portrait of the Marc Forster Film|If there's a God out there, then i would hope he has more important things to attend to than my drinking scotch or eating pork.
Jürgen Moltmann, Theology of Hope|Totally without hope one cannot live. To live without hope is to cease to live. Hell is hopelessness. It is no accident that above the entrance to Dante's hell is the inscription: "Leave behind all hope, you who enter here.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Little Fists, what's wrong?
Greta Christina, Why Are You Atheists So Angry? 99 Things That Piss Off the Godless|When Pisces go to war, there’s never a shortage of broken hearts.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|But there are weak men who can lift cars if their wives are pinned underneath. The brain, Garraty." McVries's voice had dropped to a hoarse whisper. "It isn’t man or God. It’s something...in the brain.
Josephine Tey, The Daughter of Time|I can't understand how people can settle for having just one life. I remember we were in English class and we were talking about that poem by - that one guy. David Frost. 'Two roads diverged in a yellow wood-' You know this poem, right? 'Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, and sorry I could not travel both and be one traveler, long I stood and looked down one as far as I could, to where it bent in the undergrowth-""I loved that poem. But I remember thinking to myself: Why? How come you can't travel both? That seemed really unfair to me.
Mark Forsyth, The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language|What is above all needed is to let the meaning choose the word, and not the other way around. In prose, the worst thing you can do with words is to surrender to them.
Luke Evans|I got my Equity card right out of NYU grad school in 2000, doing 'The Great White Hope' at Arena Stage. I played Jack Jefferson. It was an amazing part to walk into, to carry that responsibility for that amount of time. The challenges and the breadth of that role were pretty amazing.
Mikkel Wallentin|Narratives are universally used for mediating emotional experiences. The purpose of aesthetic objects has been defined, in part, as 'the awakening, intensifying, or maintaining of definite emotional states' (Lee, 1913: 99–100). When we read or hear stories, we put aside our own goals and plans, and we temporarily replace our own goals and plans with those of the story characters.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Normance|If you can love cats, you can love human beings, because you have to be able to love them without getting them at all.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|There is but one reality, that is true -- but the two of you experience it in slightly different ways. The older you get, I should think, the more you will come to understand that the universe is very much a looking glass, Miss Lancaster.
Jean Rhys, Quartet|She spent the foggy day in endless, aimless walking, for it seemed to her that if she moved quickly enough she would escape the fear that hunted her. It was a vague and shadowy fear of something cruel and stupid that had caught her and would never let her go. She had always known that it was there - hidden under the more of less pleasant surface of things. Always. Ever since she was a child.You could argue about hunger or cold or loneliness, but with that fear you couldn't argue. It went too deep. You were too mysteriously sure of its terror. You could only walk very fast and try to leave it behind you.
Samantha Schutz, You Are Not Here|I'm trying to decide what's worse. Someone being gone, but still out there, or someone being gone forever, dead. I think someone being gone, but still out there, might be worse. Then there’s always the chance, the hoping, the wondering if things might change. If maybe one day he’ll come back. There’s also the wondering about what his new life is like. The life without you. Is he happier? And if he is, you’re left being sad, wondering what it would be like if you were happy with him. But when someone is dead, he’s dead. He’s not coming back. There is no second chance. Death is a period at the end of a sentence. Someone gone, but still out there, is an ellipsis…or a question to be answered.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|She resented being told constantly that she was stupid, when she knew she wasn't.
Hank Bracker|Santiago de Cuba has the Antonio Maceo Airport (MUCU/SCU), which was home to the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces. Shown in the photo is a Cuban Mig 21 inside the VT-45 hanger. Santiago de Cuba had 12 of these Russian built fighters situated at the San Antonio de los Baños Airfield in Cuba. Now the airport is essentially a turboprop hub, however it can also accommodate mid-sized jet aircraft. There are about twenty international flights each week, but most arrivals are by domestic airlines. The eastern location and the international status of MUCU/SCU has spurred the interest of foreign airlines as a promising future destination.All in all, Cuba now has ten international airports, capable of serving long-range commercial flights.Follow the daily blogs by Captain Hank Bracker posted exclusively on Facebook, Goodreads & Captain Hank Bracker’s Webpage. He also has frequent Tweets and weekend commentaries headed “From the Bridge.” His dual award winning book “The Exciting Story of Cuba” is available from Amazon.com and other leading book vendors. Soon to come are his books “Seawater One” & “Surpressed I Rise (Revised Edition).
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is share, sacrifice and service.
Dara Ó Briain|As many more individuals of each species are born than can possibly survive; and as, consequently, there is a frequently recurring struggle for existence, it follows that any being, if it vary however slightly in any manner profitable to itself, under the complex and sometimes varying conditions of life, will have a better chance of surviving, and thus be naturally selected. From the strong principle of inheritance, any selected variety will tend to propagate its new and modified form.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Entering by the carré, a piece of mirror- glass, set in an oaken cabinet, repeated my image. It said I was changed: my cheeks and lips were sodden white, my eyes were glassy, and my eyelids swollen and purple.On rejoining my companions, I knew they all looked at me - my heart seemed discovered to them: I believed myself self-betrayed. Hideously certain did it seem that the very youngest of the school must guess why and for whom I despaired.
Alfred Hayes, In Love|The sick constriction of the heart was undeniable; there was a melancholy truth in the fact that it was suffering which made me, I thought, at last real to myself.
Queen Latifah|My parents had an arranged marriage, as did so many other people when I was growing up. My father came and had a life in the United States one way and my mother had a different one, and I was very aware of those things. I continue to wonder about it, and I will continue to write about it.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|She gave herself a hard twist and fell into a sitting position, staring at me with those maggot-filled doll’s eyes.
Auliq-Ice|We often don’t realise how much strength we have until challenged to use it. Once tested, we know how strong or weak we are.
Betty Gilpin|In the spring of 1968, The Beatles and I were invited by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi to travel to Riskikesh, India. Riskikesh has been an important spiritual place to many millions of people over the years. It is situated where the Ganges River flows out of the Himalayas, and to be in that atmosphere was something incredibly special.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Whatever can die is beautiful — more beautiful than a unicorn, who lives forever, and who is the most beautiful creature in the world. Do you understand me?
John Adams|All political meetings are very much alike. Somebody gets up and introduces the speaker of the evening, and then the speaker of the evening says at great length what he thinks of the scandalous manner in which the Government is behaving or the iniquitous goings-on of the Opposition. From time to time confederates in the audience rise and ask carefully rehearsed questions, and are answered fully and satisfactorily by the orator. When a genuine heckler interrupts, the orator either ignores him, or says haughtily that he can find him arguments but cannot find him brains. Or, occasionally, when the question is an easy one, he answers it. A quietly conducted political meeting is one of England's most delightful indoor games. When the meeting is rowdy, the audience has more fun, but the speaker a good deal less.
Saul D. Alinsky, Reveille for Radicals|Life is an adventure of passion, risk, danger, laughter, beauty, love; a burning curiosity to go with the action to see what it is all about, to go search for a pattern of meaning, to burn one's bridges because you're never going to go back anyway, and to live to the end.
Avery Flynn, Enemies on Tap|Time for a showdown with her mutinous brewmaster. She'd tried nice. She'd tried all business. She'd tried cajoling. Now, it was time to try bitch with big brass balls.
Marcus J. King, Changes in His Veins|The only time she's come close to being "known" was when she accidentally came out as bisexual during sophomore English class while talking about her favorite poem.
Ezra Taft Benson|It used to be, it is accepted scientific wisdom the Earth is flat, and this heretic named Galileo was branded a denier.
Susan Trott, The Holy Man|Though Jack Nubbins was extremely talented, Quenten Cassidy had viewed the Specter; when he reached down through the familiar layers of gloom and fatigue he generally found more there than a nameless and transient desire to acquire plastic trophies. He and Nubbins were not even in the same ball park.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Some people need a red carpet rolled out in front of them in order to walk forward into friendship. They can't see the tiny outstretched hands all around them, everywhere, like leaves on trees.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|If you love Alex now, then love him forever. Make him laugh again, and cherish the time you spend together. Take walks and ride your bikes, curl up on the couch and watch movies beneath a blanket. Make him breakfast, but don't spoil him. Let him make breakfast for you as well, so he can show you he thinks you're special. Kiss him and make love to him and consider yourself lucky for having met him, for he's the kind of man who'll prove you right.
Dennis Bergkamp|You will soon find that I am a bit obsessive about my work. And that is a little sad, one often feels strangely restricted, not finding time to simmer, although one actually has many interests.
Summersdale Publishers|101 Reason why its its great to be a woman : Since the advent of feminism, we can publicly ogle male bodies and not be called sexist. If a man indulges in this behavior over a picture of naked woman, he is a sexist pig, and recompense must be demanded for this slight on womankind.
Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|Something is missing, and it's something not so easy to name as semiabsent husbands, not so easy to point to as a lack of work, or too much work, or a lack of adequate child care. It's the sense that life should have led up to more than it has. A sense that after all the hard work, for all our achievements as individuals and as a "postfeminist" generation, life should be better than this.
Willa Cather, Shadows on the Rock|Christian, how did you enjoy comfort before? Was the creature anything to you but a conduit, a pipe, that conveyed God's goodness to you? 'The pipe is cut off,' says God, 'come to me, the fountain, and drink immediately.' Though the beams are taken away, yet the sun remains the same in the firmament as ever it was.
Alan Arkin|Greatly begin. Though thou have time, but for a line, be that sublime. Not failure, but low aim is crime.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Principled hate is a hell of a lot stronger than "Boy, I wish you hadn't mummified me and thrown me into the lake" hate.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|The explorer who will not come back or send back his ships to tell his tale is not an explorer, only an adventurer; and his sons are born in exile.
Ovid, The Erotic Poems|I got nervous at bulls and eagles,Trying to figure what shape Zeus might take f
Jon Scieszka|While many of us never knew Ronald Reagan personally, we felt close to him because we shared his lighthearted sense of humor, admired his uncommon virtue, and were moved by his remarkable wisdom.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|His face frankly displays his suffering, expressing it with a truly royal simplicity. At such moments even the very best people are apt to give themselves away with the kind of look which says to you more or less directly: 'You see how I'm sticking it out; don't praise me, it's my nature; thanks all the same.' But the Curé de Torcy looks straight at you, guilelessly. His eyes beg your compassion and sympathy. But with what nobility they beg! A king might beg in just that way.
Shannon L. Alder|It’s time to step back and reexamine our hatred and let wrath subside. Are we striking out against the real problems: ignorance, fear, want, greed, and political disenfranchisement or just trying to find the most immediate scapegoat on which to lay the blame? Are we so busy blaming our fellow Hobbits that we’ve forgotten who is really behind the fouling of our Shire? Are we personally guilty of greed? Most of us are, to an extent. We need to reexamine our own desires, and make sure they are really needs instead of just wants. Poverty could be wiped out world wide, if enough modern Hobbits just said, “No! We will not stand for it anymore,” or if those at the top of the economic ladder really wanted to do so.
Ruth McLeod-Kearns, Carnations Never Wilt|In the beginning we start with roses. The king’s flower right? Only they wilt in less than a day, especially when exposed to the elements. But Carnations? Oh, what a beautiful flower. They come in every color. True, some are painted, but that doesn’t mean they are less beautiful, and they never wilt.
Marty Rubin|There are no sad days, only sad thoughts.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|If this were an indie movie, we'd start talking about the constellations," Solomon said, looking up at the stars.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Could you attempt, at least, to make yourself presentable? I know this is a war, but the rest of us are trying to pretend it's a party.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|Still humanity is in her infancy, so often we engage in fighting to destroy ourself.
Irwin Redlener|Many of us are alarmed at the skyrocketing cost of medical care, including patients, who are the consumers. However, medical malpractice is not the reason for these increasing costs.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|The problem with movements is that, all too often, they are associated only with the most visible figures, the people with the biggest platforms and the loudest, most provocative voices. But feminism is not whatever philosophy is being spouted by the popular media feminist of the week, at least not entirely.
James Jean-Pierre|Ignorance is toxic. If a man hands you a cup of coffee and pours in what he calls liquid sugar when the container clearly says poison, how bliss is your ignorance?
Miles Anthony Smith, Becoming Generation Flux: Why Traditional Career Planning is Dead: How to be Agile, Adapt to Ambiguity, and Develop Resilience|In the name of all that is holy, please consider the wages of a particular profession before you select that degree plan.
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Lament for a Son|And what of regrets? I shall live with them. I shall accept my regrets as part of my life, to be numbered among my self-inflicted wounds. But I will not endlessly gaze at them. I shall allow the memories to prod me into doing better with those still living. And I shall allow them to sharpen the vision and intensify the hope for that Great Day coming when we can all throw ourselves into each other's arms and say, "I'm sorry.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Together in our house, in the firelight, we are the world made small.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|I think this’ll definitely tide me over while we’re apart,”Bones laughed, dragging me into his arms with far more strength and quickness than was fair, considering I still had trouble making my limbs operate.“Oh, Kitten,” he murmured as his lips dragged down my throat. “You didn’t really think we were done, did you?
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Shadow Throne|Don't despise people because of their defects or because of their lack of talents and gifts. Imagine if people did it for you, how many friends would you be left with?
Donald Pillai|Thank fucking God. Christ, sorry about praying with “fucking.” Shit! Sorry about saying “Christ!” Shut up, Dove. God hates you.
Mark Forsyth, The Elements of Eloquence: How to Turn the Perfect English Phrase|Only when you see the flower for what it is, you can see it's true beauty
Jalaluddin Rumi|She is my morning, she is my evening; we have a love that blooms over and again, more beautifully each time than the last. You will see that we are not lovers like others, for whom love is both a punishment and a gift… Our love has never punished, only rewarded. Such love therein lies the eudaimonic life.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I would even say that my parents, and their friends in our community, thought of education as a kind of armor against racism.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|The scandal with the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) atop Mauna Kea is how it managed to obtain a construction permit to build a manned telescope in a known biologically toxic environment to workers. How many more people need to die, get injured or develop long term very high altitude sickness that will last a lifetime?
Jonathan Yanez, Alan Price and the Colossus of Rhodes|Pain, sorrow, anger, these are all powerful emotions. Allowed to rule and left unchecked, they would destroy you. However, through training and willpower you can choose to harness those feelings and use them for something great.
Susanna Kearsley, The Winter Sea|Many people experience the travesty of regret in their end days; the realization that nothing held them back, that nothing was in their way, that there is no one to blame, only themselves. Don't just sit by waiting for your life to happen, make it happen! Don’t just hope your dreams will come alive, breathe life into them! Don't let your fear help you birth a well-nourished regret, take action today! At the end of the day, at the end of the year, at the end of your life, live in such a manner that you can hold your head up high, smile, and be proud of a life well lived.
Sheila M. Reindl, Sensing the Self: Women's Recovery from Bulimia|Knowing what I do now, I think about shame and worthiness in this way: 'It's the album, not the picture.' If you imagine opening up a photo album, and many of the pages are full eight-by-ten photos of shaming events, you'll close that album and walk away thinking, Shame defines that story. If, on the other hand, you open that album and see a few small photos of shame experiences, but each one is surrounded by pictures of worthiness, hope, struggle, resilience, courage, failure, success, and vulnerability, the shame experience are only a part of a larger story. They don't define the album.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Simeon had to agree that his future plans, although quite grand, were like pictures painted in fog. Nothing he could put his finger on. No dream ever remained unchanged long enough to take on any weight or substance, just a notion of something better waiting for him somewhere in the future.
Richard Bach|Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market.
Dick Gregory|Death is the easiest of all things after it, and the hardest of all things before it.
Deepak Rawat|Everything we hold will soon elapse,as we’ll sleep through one dreamless night;but rising again to this dream, whether we’ll behiding behind our darkness or this borrowed light?- Thou little fool
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Her eyes in the half-light suggested night and violets, and for a moment he stirred again to that half-forgotten remoteness of the afternoon.
Debasish Mridha|If we fear to open our eyes during the day time, we will complain that life has nothing to offer except darkness.
Sarah Vowell, Assassination Vacation|That's what I like to call him, "the current president." I find it difficult to say or type his name, George W. Bush. I like to call him "the current president" because it's a hopeful phrase, implying that his administration is only temporary.
Seanan McGuire, Indexing|And, they would still be alive today...If they hadn't died, that is
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|In Japan, I was immensely impressed by the politeness, industrious nature and conscientiousness of the Japanese people.
Debasish Mridha|To become truly beautiful, learn to see the beauty all around you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus expects one hundred percent surrender, and when that is accomplished He rewards a thousandfold.
Elvis Presley|The 'serial kisser' tag that has been thrust on to me is a lame stereotype. It irritates me. Yes, there is sexual content in my movies, and I have never been apologetic about doing bold scenes. But it's not fair to tag me this way because that can be very stifling.
Rebecca Harris - Be The Death of Me|We have to unclasp our palms and let go of every alternate reality where we’re happier, stronger, brighter because of all the things we did differently. Those universes do not exist. But ours does. And it’s okay here, if we open our eyes up and let it be.
Stephen Hawking|Loss and possession, death and life are one, There falls no shadow where there shines no sun.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|How lucky we are, when we are spared what we think we want!
Jimmy Carter, Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid|The bottom line is this: Peace will come to Israel and the Middle East only when the Israeli government is willing to comply with international law, with the Roadmap for Peace, with official American policy, with the wishes of a majority of its own citizens--and honor its own previous commitments--by accepting its legal borders. All Arab neighbors must pledge to honor Israel's right to live in peace under these conditions. The United States is squandering international prestige and goodwill and intensifying global anti-American terrorism by unofficially condoning or abetting the Israeli confiscation and colonization of Palestinian territories.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|Teach him to think for himself? Oh, my God, teach him rather to think like other people!
John Legend|As a company, we have to be very transparent. We are in a business very related to finance, and I want this company to last long, and I want this company to be audited by everyone.
Juliana Barbassa, Dancing with the Devil in the City of God: Rio de Janeiro on the Brink|I remember that there was a time when I believed that a government and its departments were there to meet the needs, to understand the needs, and to act on the needs of the people for whom they have taken responsibility. It took me some time to question why it was in relation to [Aboriginal] people that they did not meet the needs, or take the steps, that responsible government demands. Why do they not provide the simple basics in the ways that work for us? Why not? There has never been an honest answer to this.
karan godara|Flowers wither away when put through harsh conditions. Humans, on the other hand, have a choice. A choice to wither away or blossom.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|She had never believed in fate. She still did not. It would be nonsense of freedom of will and choice, and it was through such freedom that we worked our way through life and learned what we needed to learn. But sometimes, it seemed to her, there was something, some sign, to nudge one along in a certain direction. What one chose to do with that nudge was up to that person.
Akiroq Brost|It takes a lot of courage to be real and raw, to not hide or pretend, to reveal the real you, the true you. This life is yours, to live as you. Brave the courage.
Dan Ahearn, Shoot the Moon|Get real. They’ll try to kill us no matter what. I can find out how to open the files from Mickey. You may be impressed with this genius shit but you should really find out what a mess his head is. The right drugs, he’ll cut his own throat and forget why he’s bleeding." That was an interesting choice of metaphor.
Craig Venter|The Berlin Wall wasn't the only barrier to fall after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Traditional barriers to the flow of money, trade, people and ideas also fell.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Spirit calls, I must go fulfill the mission.
Terry a O'Neal|Some days my thoughts refuse to silence themselves, and I feel like I'm walking around in darkness reaching for a stretched hand. I sometimes close my eyes to listen for that still small voice to steer me down a sound and narrow path.
Samantha Young, Hero|I won’t stay,” I warned him. “I won’t try to fight for you anymore. This is it. If you walk away it’s not for me. I won’t ever think that. I will always, always blame you for this. For ruining us.
Mircea Popister|Maybe some type of pain is inevitable, but still, that doesn’t mean that you should always let it control your emotions.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|I care as much as I can, but I don’t spend energy caring about things I cannot resolve.
Larry Elder|That's the conundrum of cartoon stripping, as opposed to political cartoons. When your anger is the driving force of your drawing hand, failure follows. The anger is OK, but it has to serve the interests of the heart, frankly.
Oscar Wilde, The Ballad Of Reading Gaol|From all these friends, I could not escape learning some of the statistics that I preferred not to know. Forty-one people at the mall had been wounded. Nineteen had died. Everyone said it was a miracle that only nineteen perished. What has gone wrong with our world when nineteen dead can seem like any kind of miracle?
Nanette L. Avery|Stop saying that you have done it for someone, Because never in your life you do things for other's, which means every single thing you do in your life, you do it only and only for yourself, even loving your child, even feeding you dog, you do it because you get something out of it.
Abigail Van Buren|If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|It's all mirror, mirror on the wall because beauty is power, the same way money is power, the same way a gun is power.
Maurice Spees|There is honey in this land sweeter than any I know of, and I have cut cane in places where the dirt itself tasted like sugar, so that's saying a heap.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|In fifteen hundred years someone will figure out a way to squeeze black juice out of the yellow sand, and that will get everyone very excited. Some people who were rich already will get a lot richer, and some people who were poor will be told that they're richer but will be pretty sure they're not.
Sue Wicks|It goes without saying that the desire to accomplish the task with more confidence, to avoid wasting time and labour, and to spare our experimental animals as much as possible, made us strictly observe all the precautions taken by surgeons in respect to their patients.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|We shall, as we ripen in grace, have greater sweetness towards our fellow Christians. Bitter-spirited Christians may know a great deal, but they are immature. Those who are quick to censure may be very acute in judgment, but they are as yet very immature in heart. He who grows in grace remembers that he is but dust, and he therefore does not expect his fellow Christians to be anything more; he overlooks ten thousand of their faults, because he knows his God overlooks twenty thousand in his own case. He does not expect perfection in the creature, and, therefore, he is not disappointed when he does not find it. ... I know we who are young beginners in grace think ourselves qualified to reform the whole Christian church. We drag her before us, and condemn her straightway; but when our virtues become more mature, I trust we shall not be more tolerant of evil, but we shall be more tolerant of infirmity, more hopeful for the people of God, and certainly less arrogant in our criticisms.
Mark Batterson|We are living in a time where the hearing from God is bombarded by many frequencies and voices. This noise, corrosive in nature, makes it difficult to hear God’s voice...living with more noise means we live less like a disciple. We need a prism. Eric Samuel Timm is a prism.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tickle my heart with your pen. Write me for all to read. Bind our love inside a book. Make me, your poetry.
Rodney Frelinghuysen|Who's my hero? That's a great question... Well, I think my dad is my hero, because he's someone I look up to every day.
Criss Jami|Hatred is unattractive, but it's also irresistible. If men were honest with themselves, they'd admit it's a stronger passion than lust.
Brandon Scott Gorrell|The devil lives in a double-shot", Roman explains himself obscurely. "I got a great worm inside. Gnaws and gnaws. Every day I drown him and every day he gnaws. Help me drown the worm, fellas.
Jean Baudrillard|But this aura of an artificial menace was still necessary to conceal that they [Presidents] were no longer anything but the mannequins of power. Formerly, the king (also the god) had to die, therein lay his power. Today, he is miserably forced to feign death, in order to preserve the blessing of power. But it is lost.
Jean Gill, Song at Dawn: 1150 in Provence|And then the great music of which the world is made took him over, beyond thought, beyond control until he heard her cry his name and they fell together off the edge of the world.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|A vision of the little house in Soho flickered across his mind’s eye, his mother at a desk, writing in her journal, with hazy sunlight streaming through the morning windows. The woman inhabited a world he had once thought his own – a world of publishers and reliable suppliers. A London that was confident and competent amid its grey, puddle-strewn streets.
Oksana Zabuzhko, The Museum of Abandoned Secrets|Judgement is so often a thwarted, frustrated expression of envy.
Isabel Paterson, God of the Machine|There might, Gentlemen, be an impropriety in my taking notice, in this Address to you, of an anonymous production, but the manner in which that performance has been introduced to the army, the effect it was intended to have, together with some other circumstances, will amply justify my observations on the tendency of that Writing. With respect to the advice given by the Author, to suspect the Man, who shall recommend moderate measures and longer forbearance, I spurn it, as every Man, who regards liberty, and reveres that justice for which we contend, undoubtedly must; for if Men are to be precluded from offering their Sentiments on a matter, which may involve the most serious and alarming consequences, that can invite the consideration of Mankind, reason is of no use to us; the freedom of Speech may be taken away, and dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter.
Barry Unsworth, Morality Play|all believers should “submit to each other out of reverence for Christ.” In many ways, wives should submit to their husbands in the same way any believer should submit to other believers, specifically by living according to the lifestyle the apostle Paul lays out earlier in the chapter. This mutual submission is an accountability to be held to God’s standards, an accountability in which both husband and wife are called to participate.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|You have to choose the best, every day, without compromise...guided by your own virtue and highest ambition
William Shakespeare, Othello and the Tragedy of Mariam|I'd never understood the injunction not to regret anything, couldn't see how that wasn't cowardice...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|...she wasn't reading Deathly Hallows at all. Her book wasn't orange but rose and water and sand, and featured a kid on a broomstick and white unicorn. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. She didn't notice me staring at her. 'Oh, I envy you,' I thought, but was smiling for her. She had just begun.
Heidi Cullinan, A Private Gentleman|We all have pain, Wes. It isn't life sithout it. What matters in life isn't that we escape pain. What matters is that we overcome it.
Pamela Clare, Skin Deep|Awakened by the oppressive midday heat, Zach opened his eyes to see a small blue and tan lizard doing what looked like push-ups about a foot away from his face.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Those who are fascinated by the idea of progress do not suspect that everything moving forward is at the same time bringing the end nearer and that joyous watchwords like "forward" and "farther" are the lascivious voice of death urging us to hasten to it. (If fascination with the word "forward" has become universal, isn't it mainly because death is already speaking to us from nearby?)
-Lord Voldemort|I know nothing of the secrets of death, Harry, for I chose my feeble imitation of life instead.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Once you understand love, you don’t need a reward your kindness or compassion just like you don’t need a reward for breathing.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|[Iris] squeezed his hand. "Don't lose hope, Frank. Rainbows always stand for hope.
Melki Rish, Your Mind Your Life : How To Create A Wonderful Life|Those that know, do not need explanations, and those that do not, would not understand any explanations.
Ivanka Trump|I had a very simple life growing up in the farm country outside of Perugia, and biscotti and warm milk with a tiny bit of coffee were a big part of my morning ritual before walking to school.
Russell Smith|The only thing I know is that no one ever sat in a therapist's or a psychiatrist's room saying, 'My parents just loved me too much.' The only thing you can do is love them and be around. Kids don't really care what your car is like or how big their house is. All they really care about is that you are around.
Osho, Learning to Silence the Mind: Wellness Through Meditation|Watch. Whenever mind says something, see that it is again putting you into a routine. Try to do something new and the mind will have less a grip on you.
Julie James, Love Irresistibly|I want to be the kind of boy you are, thought Bean. But I don’t want to go through what you’ve been through to get there.
Sangu Mandanna, The Lost Girl|Blot out his name, then, record one lost soul more,  One task more declined, one more footpath untrod,One more devils’-triumph and sorrow for angels,  One wrong more to man, one more insult to God!
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|There are people in the world, who are just wrong, and then there are the masses of population that are right, or at the very least they lie in the veil of between. I on the other hand, do not belong to any group. I don’t exist. It’s not that I don’t have substance; I have a body like everyone else. I can feel the fire when it burns against my skin, the rain when it caresses my face and the breeze as it fingers my hair. I have all the senses that other people do. I am just empty, inside.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|I think maybe bad things seem worse when people are alone. When they can turn that bad thought over and over in their head, polishing it like a stone, until it shines dark and black. Maybe the key to making things better is being with other people. Little by little, smiles and laughter and hugs can chip away at any dark stone, even if it’s as big as a boulder to start. Then finally, bit by bit, it shrinks until it’s no bigger than a pebble, something that even I could kick down the road.
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|Trusting is hard. Knowing who to trust, even harder.
Margaret R. Ellsberg, The Gospel in Gerard Manley Hopkins: Selections from His Poems, Letters, Journals, and Spiritual Writings|One could say that Hopkins practiced transubstantiation in every poem. By mysterious talent, he changed plain element into reality sublime. He encountered a jumble of weather, birds, trees, branches, waters, blooms, dewdrops, candle flames, prayers, then instressed them and, delighted, wrote in his journal, 'Chance left free toact falls into an order.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|I know what you mean", she said. "Families can seem so normal and boring from the inside that you don't know you're different until someone else makes you feel different.
Kassandra Cross, Carrie's First Time: Taboo Older Man Younger Woman First Time Erotic Romance|She loved the fact he was older than her and more experienced, he had so much to teach her and she couldn’t wait to learn.
Reverend Ada Slaton Bonds, Cumberland Presbyterian|I had a love affair with life, and as is the custom, I will lose, but will regain a greater love with my heavenly Father.
Candace Bushnell, The Carrie Diaries|Rule number one: Why is it that the one time a cute guy talks to you, you have a friend who’s in crisis?
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|When people turn other people into selfobjects, they are trying to turn a person into a kind of spare part.
Laura Resau, The Queen of Water|I move onward, through the colors and cheers and music, floating into my future, and it is a clear, open space that stretches wider that the sky and higher than the Andes.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|I was finally beginning to perceive that no matter how many dead people I might see, or people at the instant of their death, I would never manage to grasp death, that very moment, precisely in itself. It was one thing or the other: either you are dead, and then in any case there's nothing else to understand, or else you are not yet dead, and in that case, even with the rifle at the back of your head or the rope around your neck, death remains incomprehensible, a pure abstraction, this absurd idea that I, the only living person in the world, could disappear. Dying, we may already be dead, but we never die, that moment never comes, or rather it never stops coming, there it is, it's coming, and then it's still coming, and then it's already over, without ever having come.
Shari Graydon, I Feel Great About My Hands: And Other Unexpected Joys of Aging|We need an army of white-haired, wild-eyed radicals cutting a swath against the sexism that crosses our paths. It is a good antidote to the larger community’s apparent belief that older women are slightly dotty, grandmotherly, benign souls.
Florence Nightingale|Most Christian 'believers' tend to echo the cultural prejudices and worldviews of the dominant group in their country, with only a minority revealing any real transformation of attitudes or consciousness. It has been true of slavery and racism, classism and consumerism and issues of immigration and health care for the poor.
Adam McKay|I love TV, and I love movies, and I pull so much content from the drama in all of those mediums and put them into songs.
Dada Bhagwan|You (must) do plenty of ‘pratikraman’. Do the ‘pratikraman’ for an hour every day of everyone who is living around you, whomever you have harassed.
David Baldacci, The Christmas Train|All you have to do [to win a Pulitzer Prize] is spend your life running from one awful place to another, write about every horrible thing you see. The civilized world reads about it, then forgets it, but pats you on the head for doing it and gives you a reward as appreciation for changing nothing.
Peyton Manning|The death of a famous person is different from the death of a loved one, whether it is Michael Jackson, Frank McCourt, or Walter Cronkite. We didn't know any of them personally, and yet, we experience a sense of loss.
Michael Che|I wasn't rebellious. Other friends had far stricter parents and where there wasn't a relationship of respect and communication, they were usually the opposite; kids go to the other extreme.
Richie Allen|I think the truth is, we are all racist, really, when it comes down to it. I think all of us have to check ourselves from time to time, and say, 'Look, that sort of attitude isn't good enough.' It takes discipline to keep our prejudices out.
S. Nassir Ghaemi, A First-Rate Madness: Uncovering the Links Between Leadership and Mental Illness|King and Gandhi had found a way to use aggressive impulses to resist injustice without hurting others. Where did the aggression go? The answer, as King would later tell Poussaint, was this: into the courage needed to resist without fighting back physically...
Wayne W. Dyer|You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Betrayal|This may sound like a bunch of psychobabble, but the truth is that we are all filled with contradictions; personality is fluid not black and white. And, well…we are all both strongand weak. That’s what it means to be human. We all have flaws,weaknesses. The real strength is when we can admit these to ourselves and become able to show them to others.
Kitty Thomas, Tender Mercies|Women worry too much about how they smell or taste. I assure you, I love to taste a woman’s primal essence on my tongue.” Something melted inside her. He liked it? “Really? You’re not just being polite, are you, Sir?” “No, kitten, when it comes to sex, I don’t have a polite bone in my body.
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|It is important to note that the lampstand in the tabernacle did not cast a broad light, illuminating everything in the tabernacle; the focus of its beam was specifically on the bread of presence. Likewise, the church is not called to illuminate everything -- its light should be concentrated on showing others who God is. For church leaders, our jobs are clear: we have to keep the wicks trimmed, the light burning, and the lampstand in its proper place. if the light begins to dim, we must immediately move into action. God's intention is for the church to be placed strategically in culture in order to show Himself to the world. Anytime the church becomes ineffective in its role to illuminate Christ, it must rekindle and reinvent itself around its core purpose.
John Barnes|If I had a thousand sons, the first humane principle I would teach them should be to forswear thin potations and to addict themselves to sack.
Patrick McGrath, Trauma|Our conversations were like sex, our sex like conversation.
Elizabeth Peters, Crocodile on the Sandbank|You don't have to make fun of it.""Actually I do," I said. "I make fun of almost everything.
Terry Pratchett, The Shepherd's Crown|When Geoffrey was away, the goat often took himself off. He had soon got the goats at Granny’s cottage doing his bidding, and Nanny Ogg said once that she had seen what she called ‘that devil goat’ sitting in the middle of a circle of feral goats up in the hills. She named him ‘The Mince of Darkness’ because of his small and twinkling hooves, and added, ‘Not that I don’t like him, stinky as he is. I’ve always been one for the horns, as you might say. Goats is clever. Sheep ain’t. No offence, my dear.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Lord is my comfort, my hope and my peace.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as the egoism is alive, ‘my-ness’ remains within the self.
Mark Boal|When you go to war, both sides lose totally.
Barbara Lieberman, The Treasure of Ravenwood|If you only think of yourself, there's no room for another in marriage.
|If you aren't living in the reality of your dream, you surely haven't given it your possible best.
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|It's funny how two people can grow up in the same town, go to the same school, have the same friends, and end up so totally different. Family, or lack of it, counts for more than you'd think.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Aside your dreams to improve your community, country and continent, dare to save a soul for God. Show compassion, show love... Feed hungry souls and let God be glorified!
Jay Crownover, Nash|No, it really isn't, but trust me, getting divorced and having to start over is the least in life that isn't fair. I had to watch the parents of a way too young girl realize that their daughter died for no other reason than people can't figure out how to be nice to each other. It isn't that hard, just be nice and people might not have to suffer needlessly, but that isn't the world we live in, so young girls die. That isn't fair, Mom. People falling out of love is vicious and it sucks, but there are far worse things you could be going through. I know that sounds harsh but it's very true.
Adam Mansbach|I tend to gravitate to the darkest or most obscure part of any venue in an effort to have my own space to experience the music on my own, free from unwanted conversations and other distractions.
Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart|Looking at a king's mouth, ' said an old man, 'one would think he never sucked at his mother's breast.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|Everyone tells you it's all right to cry, but not enough people say it's all right if you don't want people to know.
Debasish Mridha|Richness does not come from wealth or splendor, but from an appreciation of those things that you cannot buy.
Teresa de la Parra, Las memorias de Mamá Blanca|Memories do not change, and change is the law of existence. If our dead, the closest, the most beloved, were to return to us after a long absence and instead of the old, familiar trees were to find in our souls English gardens and stone walls -- that is to say, other loves, other tastes, other interests, they would gaze upon us sadly and tenderly for a moment, wiping away their tears, and then return to their tombs to rest.
Benjamin Franklin|To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It's not about winning and losing; it's about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge. It's about embracing the pain that you'll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid. I think people think too hard and get afraid of a certain challenge.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|Awakening involves mind training. Step back and pay attention to the thoughts that come into awareness. Feel your desire for healing. Preferences are judgments, and as the mind yields to the nonjudgmental Perspective of the Holy Spirit, the Awakening is obvious. Observe that as long as appetites seem to exist there are the ego defenses of indulgence and repression. Neither is better or worse than the other, for they are the same illusion. The miracle offers a real alternative and when one is consistently miracle-minded, defenses are no longer needed.
Quentin Bryce|My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.
Mehmet Murat ildan|With all my soul I wished to be good, but I was young, passionate and alone, completely alone when I sought goodness. Every time I tried to express my most sincere desire, which was to be morally good, I met with contempt and ridicule, but as soon as I yielded to low passions I was praised and encouraged.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Every time I write about life, I must kill and eat the actual event. I mean to say that my words are scavengers who need to devour lifeless substance if they are to survive as non-fiction. The event is dead, it ceased to be as soon as it happened. The closest I can come to resurrecting the past is to feed my memories to a ravenous swarm of sentences, punctuation and paragraphs. They chew up and digest the things I remember, producing a waste product I think of as an honest account. Reality suffers a second death through this process. False memories, both organic and manufactured, erase the genuine article in order to reassemble the factors into a serviceable construct. True story.
Alice Hoffman, The Probable Future|Interesting, but she could see that the boy didn't have a single lie in him. A very rare condition, especially for the male of the species.
T.A. Grey, Take Me|I'm a Blackmoore, Felicity. I get what I want.
Kristen Ashley, Own the Wind|I never dreamed any fuckin' dream," he whispered, and the smile faded from her face as tears filled her eyes.She understood him."Shy-""Didn't dream it, saw it, waited my time, and then you gave it to me.
Jodi Ann Bickley|I know it's possible to overcome even very big problems in life, to heal yourself and move on
Jennifer Coolidge|I guess I was the class clown - with a name like Albert Einstein, you don't hide in the back. I'd read the school bulletin to the class, and I'd add activities and make stuff up. It was good, a good 10 minutes every morning.
Laurie Lee, As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning|God's codpiece, you're very kind
Kaylin McFarren, Twisted Threads|Time collapsed into a delicate dark pencil brushed against oureyebrows, the emergent rumble of crowds gathering above our heads. Weslid into our costumes. Pirate, outlaw, futuristic rebels. Red,purple, gold. Chains hanging from our belts, tight black trousers. Wewere moved upstairs, closer to the stage. Finally, we heard thecannon's roar: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome... Tanzarrecording artists... THE MASTER PLANETS!" The world shot forward. Westepped into the spotlight.
Meg Rosoff, Jonathan Unleashed|How had he got here? Only a few minutes ago he'd been a kid, riding his bike to school, collecting comics, doing homework and watching TV. Over the years, a few trappings of adulthood had insinuated themselves into his life withoutmaking significant inroads. Real adult life seemed to exist over there, somewhere as distant and unreachable as Uranus. He had no idea how people crossed over to this place, or why - the demands of being grown up seemed exhausting. Look how I work all the time. See my silky girlfriend. Watch me exchange money for food. Admire my blood pressure.
J.D. Salinger|Gratitude becomes spiritual, a spiritual virtue and a spiritual emotion, when we are moved in our response by a God-centered view of the three: gift, recipient, and giver. – p. 56
Amit Abraham|It’s a truth I love you,It’s a hope you do,And may I live and die with it,Not knowing that you don’t.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|This American government—what is it but a tradition, though a recent one, endeavoring to transmit itself unimpaired to posterity, but each instant losing some of its integrity? It has not the vitality and force of a single living man; for a single man can bend it to his will. It is a sort of wooden gun to the people themselves. But it is not the less necessary for this; for the people must have some complicated machinery or other, and hear its din, to satisfy that idea of government which they have. Governments show thus how successfully men can be imposed upon, even impose on themselves, for their own advantage. It is excellent, we must all allow. Yet this government never of itself furthered any enterprise, but by the alacrity with which it got out of its way.
Deyth Banger|Read everyday quotes start from easy which don't want a lot of thinking, then average,then something complex. This will re-wire your brain, however if you find a book of quotes I suggest you to read all quotes slow and even if you don't get a quote or quotes read them as much time as possible.
Toon Tellegen|Ik riep: “Doornroosje! Je bent ternauwernood meer van belang! Ternauwernood… Nog net wel. Nog niet helemaal niet. “Ik houd ternauwernood oneindig veel pijnlijk nauwgezet en desalniettemin niet voor herhaling vatbaar nog net wel van jou”, zei ik.En niet lang daarna:“Ik houd ternauwernood oneindig veel op zijn minst overdadig en onomkeerbaar pijnlijk nauwgezet bijna achteloos en desalniettemin niet voor herhaling vatbaar nog net wel van jou.”“Van wie?” (riepen de denkbeeldige meeuwen) “Van wie? Van wie?”“Van Doornroosje”, zei ik, buiten adem.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Into every life both tragedy and triumph can fall, and we must learn to meet both with equal serenity.
Megan Boyle, Selected Unpublished Blog Posts of a Mexican Panda Express Employee|most psychologists/philosophers we've learned about have experienced severe depressions, attempted suicide, were considered 'freaks' or 'insane' by their peers, locked themselves in their rooms, felt socially isolated, were either celibate or extremely promiscuous, and rarely found 'love
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|If I could tell the world just one thing... We are ALL OK, not to worry because worry is wasteful and useless anyway. We must not be made useless, must not worship the idol of despair... We must gather ourselves in faith for it is Light that the darkness does most fear. We are Eternal and NEVER broken. We must fall upon our knees in prayer, that We might be God's Hands... We are ALL OK.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|I stand in my own power now, the questions of permission that I used to choke on for my every meal now dead in a fallen heap, and when they tell me that I will fall, I nod. I will fall, I reply, and my words are a whispermy words are a howlI will fall , I say, and the tumbling will be all my own. The skinned palms and oozing knees are holy wounds, stigmata of my She. I will catch my own spilled blood, and not a drop will be wasted.
Ruby Wax, Sane New World: Taming The Mind|You'll notice that pain isn't solid or constant but rather a series of sensations, sometimes hard, sometimes light, and even sometimes gone altogether
Janet Gallagher Nestor, Nurturing Wellness Through Radical Self-Care: A Living in Balance Guide and Workbook|Most of our healing occurs during quiet moments of rest when we are in contact with unconscious feelings and experiences. I can't imagine life without the peaceful, insightful moments I have during meditation.
G.K. Dutta|Always forgive the person, who hurts you, because they are sick inside. But never forgive the person, who insults your love, because they are hell inside.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|When my son Nick was five years old, he was sitting at the kitchen bar while I prepared dinner. In typical busy mother fashion, I was multitasking—cooking, cleaning, running the laundry, answering the phone, and attempting to listen to what he had to say.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|If you were me you’d do the right thing, help your friends, because you’re not a coward,” Mandy sighed sadly. “I covered up a murder because I was scared to go to jail and I did the wrong thing… well, now’s my chance to do the right thing, to save someone’s life, because I don’t want you to die.”“Save someone’s life? I’m no one,” Alecto laughed morbidly. “A hundred and twelve years is definitely way too long to have survived. You’d be wasting your time and risking your own life….”“This is my life,” Mandy declared, smiling sincerely. Alecto just looked concerned and very doubtful as the rain drizzled down the roads and sidewalks, towards the harbour where it fell into the ocean, indistinguishable from all the other water in the world.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Credentials are like potential energy, the compliments of a name on paper, in documents, word of mouth, but faith is like kinetic energy, the motion and the force that which is witnessed. Hence in the end it is the faith rather than the credentials that really takes you places.
Jennifer Skiff, The Divinity of Dogs: True Stories of Miracles Inspired by Man's Best Friend|There’s often a reason why people and dogs bite. It’s about self-protection. If we respect what we may not know about the suffering of others and look at them compassionately, we open the door that can lead to understanding.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|One of Mom's favorite passages from Gilead was: "This is an important thing, which I have told many people, and which my father told me, and which his father told him. When you encounter another person, when you have dealings with anyone at all, it is as if a question is being put to you. So you must think, what is the Lord asking of me in this moment, in this situation?
Tyrion Lannister, Game of Thrones Ascent|Just because somebody smiles when he hands me a bag of shit, that doesn't mean I have to take it. I don't give a damn how friendly he is. It's what he does that matters.
Günter Grass, The Tin Drum|When Jan was called up to service a fourth time...my mother waited outside...the two of them were convinced that this time Jan would have to go, that they would surely send him off to cure his ailing chest in the air of France, famed for its iron and lead content.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|Love is what stands in the way of self discovery, try not to find, it will find you.
Leila Aboulela, Minaret|I am touched by her life, how it moves forward, pulses and springs. There is no fragmentation, nothing stunted or wedged. I circle back, I regress, the past doesn't let go. It might as well be a malfunction, a scene repeating itself, a scratched vinl record, a stutter.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|If nobody changes the world, if nobody works to make it better, then we stagnate.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|It was his first definite encounter with the wary-eyed, platitudinous, evasive Labour leaders, and he realised at once the formidable barrier ofinert leadership they constituted, between the discontented masses and constructive change. They seemed to be almost entirely preoccupied byinternecine intrigues and the "discipline of the Party". They were steeped in Party professionalism. They were not in any way traitors to their cause, or wilfully reactionary, but they had no minds for a renascent world. They meant nothing, but they did not know they meant nothing. They regarded Rud just as in their time they had regarded Liberalism, Fabianism, Communism, Science, suspecting them all, learning nothing from them, blankly resistant. They did not want ideas in politics. They just wanted to be the official representatives of organised labour and make what they could by it. Their manner betrayed their invincible resolution, as strong as an animal instinct, to play politics according to the rules, to manoeuvre for positions, to dig themselves into positions -- and squat...
Margaret Sanger|Causes of Civil War are also, that the Wealth of the Nation is in too few mens hands, and that no certain means are provided to keep all men from a necessity either to beg, or steal, or be Souldiers.
Tim McGraw|If you build that foundation, both the moral and the ethical foundation, as well as the business foundation, and the experience foundation, then the building won't crumble.
Todd Stocker|To live a more balanced life, glance at the past, live in the present, and focus on the future.
Jamie Beck, Worth the Risk|Maggie would want more from every guy she dated, every relationship she had, because she was using Jamie and Mukti’s love story as a template. And she’d always be disappointed. Neither love nor life is like a fairytale…
Leonardo da Vinci, Leonardo's Notebooks|All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Children are born to break their mothers’ hearts, my boy.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Positioning yourself and effective branding should not be left to sports and movie stars. Your need a personal coach, manager or mentor otherwise your expertise, skills or talent will not go far. You might have what it takes but sometimes you lack strategy and some finer elements.
Toni Braxton|The prospect of dating someone in her twenties becomes less appealing as you get older. At some point in your life, your tolerance level goes down and you realize that, with someone much younger, there's nothing really to talk about.
Carmen DeSousa|Misunderstanding and distrust—the predominant elements of a novel. Without them, everyone lives happily from beginning.
Cecil Woodham-Smith, Queen Victoria, From her Birth to the Death of the Prince Consort|The Queen (Victoria) wrote generously to her mother, 'I quite understand your feelings on the occasion of Sir John Conroy's death. . . I will not speak of the past and the many sufferings he entailed on us by creating divisions between you and me which could never have existed otherwise, they are buried with him.. For his poor wife and children I am truly sorry." Thanking the Queen for her letter the Duchess of Kent wrote 'Yes, Sir John Conroy's death was a most painful shock. I shall not try and excuse the many errors that unfortunate man committed, but it would be very unjust if I allowed all the blame to be thrown on him. I am in justice bound to accuse myself. . . I erred in believing blindly, in acting with out refection. . . I allowed myself unintentionally to be led led to hurt you, my dearest child, for whom I would have given at every moment my life! Refection came always too late, but not the deserved punishment! My sufferings were great, very great. God be praised that those terrible times are gone by and that only death can separate me from you My beloved Victoria.
Aaron Blaylock, It's Called Helping...You're Welcome|As for the young men whose company I keep (Why does it keep sounding likethat?), I try to teach them that every young lady is somebody’s sister or daughter with the potential to be somebody’s wife and mother. I ask them, “Would you wantsomebody treating your(sister/daughter/wife/mother) that way?” The response invariably comes, “No.” To which I respond that we should keep in mind that every girl is somebody’s baby.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|Abundance isn't God's provision for me to live in luxury. It's his provision for me to help others live. God entrusts me with his money not to build my kingdom on earth, but to build his kingdom in heaven.
Dada Bhagwan|Kashays [anger-pride-deceit-greed] will not leave by suppressing them, they go away through Gnan (Enlightened Knowledge).
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Go," said the count deliberately, "go, dear friend, but promise me, if you meet with any obstacle to remember that I have some power in this world; that I am happy to use that power in the behalf of those I love; and that I love you, Morrel.""I will remember it," said the young man, "as selfish children recollect their parents when they want their aid. When I need your assistance, and the moment may come, I will come to you, count.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Practicing dialogue helps you to cultivate a realness that allows you to face reality on its own terms, not just the terms you’d like it to have in order to remain in your comfort zone.
|If you continuously plant the right seeds in your mind, a life of abundance would become highly inevitable in your life.
David Hockney|Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe, so we are no longer conscious of its presence.
Philip Pullman, The Broken Bridge|Maybe art itself was a kind of voodoo, possessing you, giving you supernatural power, letting you see in the dark.
August Kleinzahler, The Hotel Oneira|The garden flourished that summer because Magnus's mother was determined to feed her family despite the depredations of the distant war. In the fall, there were beans and tomatoes and pickles to can, and jar after jar of applesauce. Mama's hives yielded fresh honey, and then willow skeps were winterized. The bees would not come out until the air warmed and the sun appeared.
The Weeknd|I usually don't like to 'spoon feed' my audience, because I grew up idolizing story tellers who tell stories using symbolism, so it was in my nature to do the same.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|I'm going to tell you something important. Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. The truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world." ... I wonderes if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped in adult bodies, like children's books hidden in the middle of dull, long adult books, the kind with no pictures or conversations.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.- Atticus Finch
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|It's great if you can help others, but seriously ... don't lose YOURSELF in the process!
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|An experimental analysis shifts the determination of behaviour from autonomous man to the environment - an environment responsible both for the evolution of the species and for the repertoire acquired by each member. Early versions of environmentalism were inadequate because they could not explain how the environment worked, and much seemed to be left for autonomous man to do. But environmental contingencies now take over functions once attributed to autonomous man, and certain questions arise. Is man then 'abolished'? Certainly not as a species or as an individual achiever. It is the autonomous inner man who is abolished, and that is a step forward. But does man not then become merely a victim or passive observer of what is happening to him? He is indeed controlled by his environment, but we must remember that it is an environment largely of his own making. The evolution of a culture is a gigantic exercise in self-control. It is often said that a scientific view of man leads to wounded vanity, a sense of hopelessness, and nostalgia. But no theory changes what it is a theory about; man remains what he has always been. And a new theory may change what can be done with its subject matter. A scientific view of man offers exciting possibilities. We have not yet seen what man can make of man.
Wayne Dyer|Quick condemnation of all that is not ours, of views with which we disagree, of ideas that do not attract us, is the sign of a narrow mind, of an uncultivated intelligence. Bigotry is always ignorant, and the wise boy, who will become the wise man, tries to understand and to see the truth in ideas with which he does not agree.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Every Other Day|It's the oldest story in the world. One day you're 17 planning for someday and then quietly, without you ever noticing, someday today. And then someday yesterday. And this is your life.
Pitigrilli, Cocaine|A hypocritical businessman, whose fortune had been the misfortune of many others, told Mark Twain piously, “Before I die I intend to make a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. I want to climb to the top of Mount Sinai and read the Ten Commandments aloud.” “I have a better idea,” suggested Twain. “Why don’t you stay right at home in Boston and keep them?
Henry Johnson Jr, Liberian Son|But after reading it he knew better than before that he was not mad. Being in a minority, even a minority of one, did not make you mad. There was truth and there was untruth, and if you clung to the truth even against the whole world, you were not mad.
Clare Havens, The Secret Formula|I still wanted to go home, but had to enter the tunnel and pray for the best. Every day, I discovered more disadvantages to being a strong woman, although the past week made me feel like Hercules in a burkha.-Grace Madison, PhD
Henry David Thoreau|Before falling to the ground, the rain has touched the sky. (Avant de tomber au sol, La pluie a touché le ciel)
Rashers Tierney, F*ck You, I'm Irish: Why We Irish Are Awesome|Inside my soul a treasure is buried.The key is mine and only mine.How right you are, you drunken monster!I know: the truth is in the wine.("The Unknown Lady")
Plato, The Republic|I felt so fine I didn't once overanalyze the perfect emotion, budding inside. The one I'd always feared most.
John C. Reilly|You know, I did not like being famous. It was a stressful and ugly time, and I'm glad it's over.
Amber Heard|I've always been attracted to cars, and driving is a completely measurable experience: if you qualify last on the grid, you're the slowest, and if you qualify first on the grid, you're the fastest. So no one can say you're slow if you're fast and no one can say you're fast if you're slow.
Suzanne Rindell, The Other Typist|This story didn't end in fireworks, because the truth is, fireworks are something from my twenties. I could have made fireworks, but I chose to make a nuanced memory of a person who is neither a hero nor a villain in my life.
C. JoyBell C.|Humans naturally reflect their nature upon the nature of their God. So to know a person, just ask what the person thinks about their God. It’s either that, or an individual aims to reflect the nature of their God onto themselves; in either case, just ask about the God and you will know the person, or at least, what the person thinks of himself.
Steve Goodier|We pay a tax to succeed at anything worthwhile. That tax is called dedication, and here's the most wonderful part. Once you pay it, once you truly dedicate yourself to something important, you'll find the price was worth it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God’s strength is made perfect in weakness. The weaker I became, the more powerful became the preaching.
Andrew Cormier, Shamblers: the zombie apocalypse|THE PLAQUE read HARVEY GOULD, P I. It was the middle of the day, but the blinds were closed. Inside a desktop sat flanked by three non-matching chairs, a creased, leather sofa and a bookcase full of fiction.A middle-aged man lay back with a pair of briefs hanging around his ankles. A gorgeous, young lady was bent over him in a pair of pink panties that stretched over her pert buttocks. Her head was bobbing up and down and her long, thick black hair swished around her neck with each bob. Harvey lay motionless, moaning.
Garon Whited, Nightlord Orb|What place, then, for a creator?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|The Art of First Impressions for Positive Impact is based on the premise that when you become self-aware and learn how to shine bright as your best self, you can transform your relationships in life and in business.
James Jean-Pierre, Unlocking Of Secrets|If my brain was examined, they'd call me crazy… and for a long time I thought I was. Articles, doctors and psychiatrist and a whole bunch of other people constantly tell me there’s something wrong with me, so how could I not believe it. I now realize I’m not crazy, I just have access to a different part of the brain. A part of the brain that will cause people to kill themselves, because it’s so hard to handle.
Willow Madison, We Were One Once|Bah-Bah-black sheep, have you any soul?No sir, by the way, what the hell are morals?
Teena Marie|In music you have people exposing this very vulnerable part of themselves, and you also have the lifestyle is so fast that oftentimes people search for whatever the easiest way to feel relaxed in the midst of all of it, or the easiest way to have energy.
|No matter how difficult your life gets, find a way to hold strong to your peace of mind by positively interpreting your negative experiences, counting your daily blessings, and visualizing your future opportunities and possibilities.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|Great wealth can make a man no happier than moderate means, unless he has the luck to continue in propsperity to the end. Many very rich men have been unfortunate, and many with a modest competence have had good luck. The former are better off than the latter in two respects only, whereas the poor but lucky man has the advantage in many ways; for though the rich have the means to satisfy their appetites and to bear calamities, and the poor have not, the poor, if they are lucky, are more likely to keep clear of trouble, and will have besides the blessings of a sound body, health, freedom from trouble, fine children, and good looks.Now if a man thus favoured died as he has lived, he will be just the one you are looking for: the only sort of person who deserves to be called happy. But mark this: until he is dead, keep the word “happy” in reserve. Till then, he is not happy, but only lucky.
Nicole Sinclair, Bloodlines|One night a flock of red-tailed black cockatoos break the quiet as they charge up from the creek, right over the homestead, then down the hill towards Clem's house.'They're my favourite, you know, of all the birds, they're the best,' comes Tom's raspy whisper. 'I know Dad,' says Clem. 'You always say.''They're majestic, dramatic. You wouldn't argue with one.
Michael Muhammad Knight, Journey to the End of Islam|...to imitate Western civilization in its spirit, its mode of life and its social organization is impossible without dealing a fatal blow to the very existence of Islam as an ideological proposition.
James Baldwin, Go Tell It on the Mountain|Ain't no such thing as a little fault or a big fault. Satan get his foot in the door, he ain't going to rest till he's in the room. You is in the Word or you ain't--ain't no halfway with God.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from the ocean; not fearing turbulence, it uses the wind against it to rise instead.
Zack Love, City Solipsism: A Short Story|She was a woman with a broom or a dust-pan or a washrag or a mixing spoon in her hand. You sawher cutting piecrust in the morning, humming to it, or yousaw her setting out the baked pies at noon or taking them in,cool, at dusk. She rang porcelain cups like a Swiss bell ringerto their place. She glided through the halls as steadily as avacuum machine, seeking, finding, and setting to rights. Shemade mirrors of every window, to catch the sun. She strolledbut twice through any garden, trowel in hand, and the ﬂowersraised their quivering ﬁres upon the warm air in her wake.She slept quietly and turned no more than three times in anight, as relaxed as a White glove to which, at dawn, a brisk hand will return. Waking, she touched people like pictures,to set their frames straight.
Lillian R. Melendez|I don't believe in writer's block. Who can function working seven days a week at job. It's the same with writing. Take a break and let the words come to you. It rarely comes if you force it and if it does, you'll probably regret what you wrote down on paper.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|I had a standing agreement with god. I'd agree to believe in him, barely, so long as he let me sleep in on Sundays.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Insight is the deep intuitive understanding of things, and it often breaks through the conventional wisdom.
J.B. Phillips|If words are to enter men's hearts and bear fruit, they must be the right words shaped cunningly to pass men's defenses and explode silently and effectually within their minds.
Curtis Sittenfeld, Prep|I heard Gillian say, with a laugh, “At this point, does anyone expect the liberals not to be total hypocrites?” She was oblivious to the possibility that perhaps not everyone present shared her views, and I thought, You’re sixteen. How can you already be a Republican?
John C. Lilly|Even this is paradoxical because even though the ego does all the spiritual practice in the beginning,it’s the Truth that has orchestrated it all.
Robert M. Drake|That night I didn’t say anything. I just watched you leave and in the end, I just stayed sleeping awake. Somewhere between a sweet dream and a beautiful nightmare, hoping one day you’d return to rid me of the demons you left behind.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|I have yet to find that one perfect phrase that epitomizes all the mysteries of the universe. Luckily, I doubt to ever pen it in this lifetime, for then the seeking ends; miserable is the day the adventure ends.
Joey W. Hill, Ice Queen|What if love is this fun game that started from heaven with you and I, perfectly together. And then, at some point, we agreed to play a game, to be tossed into a world in which we would spend the rest of our lives trying to find each other.Wouldn't it be fun to know that no matter what, no matter when, no matter how, and no matter where, at some point I'd find you, and say ... "Hello.
Mark V. Hurd|Everybody had to go to some college or other. A business college, a junior college, a state college, a secretarial college, an Ivy League college, a pig farmer's college. The book first, then the work.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|O Mistress mine, where are you roaming?O, stay and hear; your true love's coming,That can sing both high and low:Trip no further, pretty sweeting;Journeys end in lovers meeting,Every wise man's son doth know.What is love? 'Tis not hereafter;Present mirth hath present laughter;What's to come is still unsure:In delay there lies not plenty;Then, come kiss me, sweet and twenty,Youth's a stuff will not endure.
Robert D. Kaplan, Hog Pilots, Blue Water Grunts: The American Military in the Air, at Sea, and on the Ground|A soldier: "I know where heaven is and it's Lithuania ... The women are beautiful, pagan, with a practical view towards sex. Who says communism was bad? You're working three levels of advantages: you're a foreign male, you're a rich, exotic American, and their men are a bunch of drunken, criminal slobs.
Reetwika Banerjee, Fantastic 40 - A Collection of 40 Micro Stories|The time has come to realize that the interracial drama acted out on the American continent has not only created a new black man, it has created a new white man, too. No road whatever will lead Americans back to the simplicity of this European village where white men still have the luxury of looking on me as a stranger. I am not, really, a stranger any longer for any American alive. One of the things that distinguishes Americans from other people is that no other people has ever been so deeply involved in the lives of black men, and vice versa. This fact faced, with all its implications, it can be seen that the history of the American Negro problem is not merely shameful, it is also something of an achievement. For even when the worst has been said, it must also be added that the perpetual challenge posed by this problem was always, somehow, perpetually met. It is precisely this black-white experience which may prove of indispensable value to us in the world we face today. This world is white no longer, and it will never be white again.
Paolo Bacigalupi|I had time with my mother, but I really lived with my father. One time he gave all his salary so I could travel to a training camp. He couldn't pay the rent, but he did that.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The sudden silence is horrifying, and it seems to catch my mother off guard. A tiny whimper escapes her, the sound amplified in the stillness. Surely, my father hears her now; surely he and I can't go on pretending she isn't crying.
Albert Sánchez Piñol, Pandora in the Congo|It ain't just about writing on some documents,author writes on to the readers' heart and mind.
John Angell James, The Family Monitor, Or, a Help to Domestic Happiness|Fond mother, you that will never correct a child, hear the charge, and let it thrill through your heart, exciting emotions of horror, you are a hater of your child; your foolish love is infanticide; your cruel embraces are hugging your child to death. In not correcting him, you are committing sin of the heaviest kind, and your own wickedness, in not correcting him, will at last punish yourself.
Gina Barreca|To slur “feminism” into “humanism” is to usurp women’s voices once again, to make the singular feminine into the so-called universal masculine.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I was falling in love with her, and she was falling in love with me. It was fated, decided before any of us were born, and I hated it as much as I loved it. I could barely stand it. (Eric)
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If left to my own simplistic devices and the sorely scant limits of my abilities, would I not die a death of the blandest sort imaginable? And should I not thank God that He graciously gifted me with an imagination that renders such a death entirely unimaginable?
Anaïs Nin|We have within ourselves as a species, the ability to find the beauty in everything. And once we master it, we will be some of the gentlest creatures that ever evolved.
Christopher Moore, Practical Demonkeeping|In business, as in politics, the public is ever so tolerant of those who slime.
Everett Dirksen|We can take full comfort in realizing the continuing strength of our nation. America's lands remain radiantly rich with diversity, and freedom still reigns.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|The woods were my Ritalin. Nature calmed me, focused me, and yet excited my senses.
Anna Hope, The Ballroom|Later, Ella looked for the two swallows in the eaves outside the window, watching them even more closely now. The thought of them flying all that way, across mountains and seas and returning here, because this was their home - of them knowing how to find it - changed things. It was a new way of seeing; this was no longer just the place where women and men were kept, but the home of other creatures too, ones that had travelled far and still chosen it because this, above all other places, was the place to bring their families into the world.
Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck|As we open up our church meetings to God's power, they will not always follow a predetermined schedule or order. Who can outline what God might have in mind?
John J. Ratey, Spark: The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain|We have some very suggestive evidence that the use of pesticides and herbicides affects our mental function and brain physiology, including increasing the incidence of Parkinson’s disease up to seven times in those most heavily exposed to them. This is not exactly a surprise when we realize that pesticides are designed to be neurotoxic to the pests.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|I miss a good cup of tea, dancing, boys- definitely not rain.""We dance," Diana protested.Maeve had just laughed. "You dance differently when you know you won't live forever.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wall-Paper|John says if I don't pick up faster he shall send me to Weir Mitchell in the fall.But I don't want to go there at all. I had a friend who was in his hands once, and she says he is just like John and my brother, only more so!Besides, it is such an undertaking to go so far.I don't feel as if it was worth while to turn my hand over for anything, and I'm getting dreadfully fretful and querulous.I cry at nothing, and cry most of the time.Of course I don't when John is here, or anybody else, but when I am alone.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Think it over carefully. This is very important," I say, "because to believe something, whatever it might be, is the doing of the mind. Do you follow? When you say you believe, you allow the possibility of disappointment. And from disappointment or betrayal, there may come despair. Such is the way of the mind.
Jody Gehrman, Babe in Boyland|Supposedly, guys think about sex every eight seconds. If that's true, how can they talk to their grandmothers?
Amit Kalantri|Future will always remember the heroes, its because of them there exist a future.
Paul A.M. Dirac|For more than four hundred years we nurtured the belief (should that, perhaps, be faith?) that evidence-based investigation meeting scientific standards of rigor would reveal the true mechanism of nature. and yet when the mechanisms of nature were revealed to be quantum mechanisms, the worlds of science and philosophy were set on a collision course. instead of truth and comprehension, we got deeply unsettling questions about what we can ever hope to know about the world.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|There is no point in poverty if it does not make a rich man, observing it, feel better.
Dee Waldeck|The voice of jealousy strikes from those who aim to hurt you, not those who love you!
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|The marks humans leave are too often scars. You build a hideous minimall or start a coup or try to become a rockstar and you think, "They'll remember me now," but (a) they don't remember you, and (b) all you leave behind are more scars. Your coup becomes a dictatorship. Your minimall becomes a lesion.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|Why do you think people stopped reading? We read to connect with other minds. But why read when you're busy writing, describing the fine-grained flotsam of your own life. Compulsively recording every morsel you eat, that you're cold, or, I don't know, heartbroken by a football game. An endless stream flowing to an audience of everyone and no one.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|If you think you're unable to be on the cover of Time magazine, make your business to be there.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|In the afternoon the ship's company assembled aft, on deck, under the awnings; the flute, the asthmatic meodeon, and the consumptive clarinet crippled the Star Spangled Banner, the choir chased it to cover, and George came in with a peculiarly lacerating screech on the final note and slaughtered it. Nobody mourned. We carried out the corpse on three cheers (that joke was not intentional and I do not endorse it).
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe you can achieve your dreams, you find the strength to pursue it.
Calvin Coolidge|Despots prefer the friendship of the dog, who, unjustly mistreated and debased, still loves and serves the man who wronged him.
Hans J. Massaquoi, Destined to Witness: Growing Up Black in Nazi Germany|If human beings are the most intelligent creatures on earth, why is it that the other less intelligent creatures realise themselves in their group of spieces that they are the same despite the difference in colour or condition, while humam beings don't
Atul Purohit, Love Vs Destiny. . .the strange game of life!|Two questions form the foundation of all novels: "What if?" and "What next?" (A third question, "What now?", is one the author asks himself every 10 minutes or so; but it's more a cry than a question.) Every novel begins with the speculative question, What if "X" happened? That's how you start.
Julian Huxley, Essays in Popular Science|Truth, with a capital T, was swapped for Fact with a capital F, then both lower-cased —facts the new trues.
Alexander Freed, Rogue One - A Star Wars Story|I’m not used to people sticking around when things go bad,” she said, by way of explanation.
James Gould Cozzens|Moving on, while he wondered, the dark through which Mr. Lecky's light cut grew more beautiful with scents. Particles of solid matter so minute, gases so subtle, that they filtered through stopping and sealing, hung on the unstirred air. Drawn in with Mr. Lecky's breath came impalpable dews cooked out of disintegrating coal. Distilled, chemically split and reformed, they ended in flawless simulation of the aromas of gums, the scent of woods and the world's flowers. The chemists who made them could do more than that. Loose on the gloom were perfumes of flowers which might possibly have bloomed but never had, and the strong-smelling saps of trees either lost or not yet evolved.Mixed in the mucus of the pituitary membrane, these volatile essences meant more than synthetic chemistry to Mr. Lecky. Their microscopic slime coated the bushed-out ends of the olfactory nerve; their presence was signaled to the anterior of the brain's temporal lobe. At once, thought waited on them, tossing down from the great storehouse of old images, neglected ideas - sandalwood and roses, musk and lavender. Mr. Lecky stood still, wrung by pangs as insistent and unanswerable as hunger. He was prodded by the unrest of things desired, not had; the surfeit of things had, not desired. More than anything he could see, or words, or sounds, these odors made him stupidly aware of the past. Unable to remember it, whence he was, or where he had previously been, all that was sweet, impermanent and gone came back not spoiled by too much truth or exact memory. Volatile as the perfumes, the past stirred him with longing for what was not - the only beloved beauty which you will have to see but which you may not keep.Mr. Lecky's beam of light went through glass top and side of a counter, displayed bottles of colored liquid - straw, amber, topaz - threw shadows behind their diverse shapes. He had no use for perfume. All the distraction, all the sense of loss and implausible sweetness which he felt was in memory of women.Behind the counter, Mr. Lecky, curious, took out bottles, sniffed them, examined their elaborately varied forms - transparent squares, triangles, cones, flattened ovals. Some were opaque, jet or blue, rough with embedded metals in intricate design. This great and needless decoration of the flasks which contained it was one strange way to express the inexpressible. Another way was tried in the names put on the bottles. Here words ran the suggestive or symbolic gamut of idealized passion, or festive night, of desired caresses, or of abstractions of the painful allure yet farther fetched.Not even in the hopeful, miracle-raving fancy of those who used the perfumes could a bottle of liquid have any actual magic. Since the buyers at the counters must be human beings, nine of every ten were beyond this or other help. Women, young, but unlovely and unloved, women, whatever they had been, now at the end of it and ruined by years or thickened to caricature by fat, ought to be the ones called to mind by perfume. But they were not. Mr. Lecky held the bottle in his hand a long while, aware of the tenth woman.
Philip K. Dick|Maybe each human being lives in a unique world, a private world different from those inhabited and experienced by all other humans. . . If reality differs from person to person, can we speak of reality singular, or shouldn't we really be talking about plural realities? And if there are plural realities, are some more true (more real) than others? What about the world of a schizophrenic? Maybe it's as real as our world. Maybe we cannot say that we are in touch with reality and he is not, but should instead say, His reality is so different from ours that he can't explain his to us, and we can't explain ours to him. The problem, then, is that if subjective worlds are experienced too differently, there occurs a breakdown in communication ... and there is the real illness.
Rachael Wade, Amaranth|With the many uncertainties, of one thing I was sure. I could not escape love, the very thing that had kept me mobile since the day I realized I was capable of giving and receiving it.
Debasish Mridha|When you are ready to accept the risk, only then can you open the doors of opportunity
George MacDonald, Lilith|We call it ‘back home’knowing full well that the majority of us may never go back. That we may spend but a handful of weeks in the tropic heat and relentless traffic,tolerating family members we may have convincedourselves to have missed, but very few will submit to that final pull to return. We know our land, our soil as back home, but for many of usit is only the home we left back,the one we left so far behind to be thrust into a lifelong searchof another, of another, of another.
Robert Griffin III|I feel that life is short, so we should be disciplined, but at the same time we should have a good time.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|Again, all of life presents us with two basic ways to treat events. We can either label them "god for us" or "bad for us." The event is only an event. It's how we treat the event that determines what it becomes in our lives. The event doesn't make that determination- we do.
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|Always watch your attitude, never forget to express your gratitude.
Geetanjali Mukherjee, Will The Real Albert Speer Please Stand Up? The Many Faces of Hitler’s Architect|The real tragedy was not that Speer chose to side with the Nazis, but that he did not care which side he was on, as long as he benefited from it.
Joan Crawford|I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?
akhil shah|She is like the white skies, the shine, the sun and its rhyme.While he is the darkness that blinds,the moon, the wolf in mysterious confines.
Agatha Christie, Towards Zero|You are strong, tempered like steel in the fire and by the blows of the hammer of life. Nothing will break you again, only make you stronger and more whole. Perfection is the pride of those who have not lived, who know not these things in their arrogance. They remain the same - raw and without form. The hammer never touches them, and they lie on the shelf, gathering dust, slowly tarnishing and fading and crumbling. the blows of the hammer in the fire refine us into bright shining glory for the roles we play in life - until we are one with the anvil, becoming immune to the hammer's little knocks, and smile at it.
Susan Oakey-Baker, Finding Jim|Always choose the adventure ... unless, it's chilly outside and there's a cup of warm coffee resting near a book and comfy sofa.
Alethea Kontis, Enchanted|Shame is like melting. You can actually feel your muscles sag and drop, as if your body is preparing you to crawl, or possibly ooze, to the nearest exit.
Michael Korda|I'm a physicist, and we have something called Moore's Law, which says computer power doubles every 18 months. So every Christmas, we more or less assume that our toys and appliances are more or less twice as powerful as the previous Christmas.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|Failure gives the bald hairs; equips the novice with experience. The learner, sooner or later, becomes a teacher by it.
Jeaniene Frost|The voice came from the night all around him, in his head and out of it."What do you want?' it repeated.He wondered if he dared to turn and look, realised he did not.'Well? You come here every night, in a place where the living are not welcome. I have seen you.Why?''I wanted to meet you,' he said, without looking around. 'I want to live for ever.' His voice crackedas he said it.He had stepped over the precipice. There was no going back. In his imagination, he could alreadyfeel the prick of needle-sharp fangs in his neck, a sharp prelude to eternal life.The sound began. It was low and sad, like the rushing of an underground river. It took him severallong seconds to recognise it as laughter.'This is not life,' said the voice.It said nothing more, and after a while the young man knew he was alone in the graveyard.
H.E. Davey|Plants or animals rarely behave in an unnatural manner that’s contrary to their true makeup. Human beings are also natural beings, but at the same time, we’re conscious entities. We therefore have free will and must make the choice not merely to be part of nature, but also to follow faithfully the “laws of nature.
Embee, Tess Embers|I’m fine. I’m at an antique store, by the clothes store just a mile or so from-”	“Which clothes store, Tess? If you haven’t noticed, there are about a million.
William S. Burroughs|There is no intensity of love or feeling that does not involve the risk of crippling hurt. It is a duty to take this risk, to love and feel without defense or reserve.
Josephine Baker|There's a lot more responsibility at home, so a tour is like the opposite for me. It's like a breath of fresh air.
Brandon Darlington|Or one could say that society is to ridged for the softness of a beautiful soul. Faith has its place, and that can never be taken away, So chin up. Don't let the world conform you or undervalue what and who you are. They can not kill your flame unless you let them.
Peter Shaffer|If you want to write an angry e-mail, write it but don't send it. It's based on my experience that whenever I have acted out in some manner, I have always regretted it.
Shreya Ghoshal|We are already perilously close to killing off the top of the oceanic food chain - with catastrophic consequences that we can't begin to imagine. Let us not, in the heat of anger, reduce the already devastated population of great white sharks by one more member.
Morrissey|Tried living in the real world instead of a shell, but I was bored before I even began.
Karl Lagerfeld|We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.
Belo Miguel Cipriani|Originality, not Intelligence, is the sign of a brilliant Author. All the Education in the world won't help someone who can't think for themselves.
Marcel Carne|I travel often, so my routine is always getting scrambled. But on a standard sort of day, I get up at 6, pack lunches, hustle the kids off to school, then brew a pot of coffee and head downstairs to the dungeon, as I call it: my cobwebby office in the basement.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|I know it's not easy for you, living this life, but try to remember, always try to remember, you're not the only one with troubles.
Sunday Adelaja|Instead of the church in Africa to be a place for eradicating darkness by beaming out light, she has unfortunately become the den of robbers as Jesus put it.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Oh, come on!’ Percy complained. ‘I get a little nosebleed and I wake up the entire earth? That’s not fair!
Jennifer Lane, On Best Behavior|Her recoil confirmed the disgust Grant felt inside. Who was he kidding, trying to put Vladimir and Andrei behind bars? He was no different from his father. Then he remembered Sophie’s 
Julia Quinn, Brighter Than the Sun|He smacked the heel of his hand against his forhead, as if that could knock the mental picture out of his head. Hell, he though irritably, he didn't want to knock the image just out of his head. He wanted to send it clear across the room and out the window.
Shawn Mendes|Man seeks to learn, and man kills himself because of the loss of cohesion in his religious society; he does not kill himself because of his learning. It is certainly not the learning he acquires that disorganizes religion; but the desire for knowledge wakens because religion becomes disorganized.
Anastasia Bolinder|Rain storms are destructive and renewing, I want to turn my bad days into rain storms.
Deyth Banger|It's just incrediable if I play a game, I think don't I?If I watch a film, I just finish a book...
Isaac Newton|Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation. I keep the subject constantly before me and wait 'til the first dawnings open slowly, by little and little, into a full and clear light.
Abby Slovin, Letters In Cardboard Boxes|The smell of burning firewood and the molding of organic, earthy substances reminded her of jumping wildly into the enormous leaf piles of autumns past and she suddenly wished that it was appropriate for someone her age to do such a thing.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|And now they were weary and frightened because they had gone against a system they did not understand and it had beaten them. They knew that the team and the wagon were worth much more. They knew the buyer man would get much more, but they didn't know how to do it. Merchandising was a secret to them.
Clyde Brion Davis, The Great American Novel|she delighted in being of the same substance as them, and in knowing that when she died her flesh would nourish other lives as they had nourished her.
Ansel Elgort|My friend created an iPhone app that locates Vienna Beef products across the country. Personally, I came hardwired with an internal GPS that instinctively points me toward coffee shops, cupcake stores and the perfect Chicago-style dog, so I find this technology redundant.
Larry Diamond, The Global Divergence of Democracies|Q. How soon do you expect Argentina to be returned to democratic government?A. We believe we are already within a democratic system. Some factors are still missing, like the expression of the people's will, but nevertheless we still think we are within a democracy.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|I do have a family, and I do have friends, and so-called friends, and acquaintances, and many other people I see only around Christmas time. Maybe they could vouch for me. Maybe they could testify to my existence and save a part of me that thinks I'm no better than a bag of potato chips.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|For us lads of eighteen they ought to have been mediators and guides to the world of maturity, the world of work, of duty, of culture, of progress -- to the future.
Criss Jami|People assume that repetition is always a static thing, but I beg to differ. Repetition is just as often the complete opposite of that: or a sign of rapid personal growth. In this repetition manifests one's ability to go on experiencing again the very same thing from a different perspective and in a brand-new light.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|So," Annabeth said, "are you going to argue about me coming along?""Nah. You'd just beat me up." Percy said.She managed a laugh, which was good to hear
Yasmine Marouf Araibi, Forget-Me-Not|It is funny how we hurt ourselves, isn’t it? We’re the reason of what happens to us, we’re the reason of our suffering, we choose the wrong people to hang with, to date and to love. The mind blames the heart, the heart blames the lover and that's how the cycle of life and love goes. Sometimes, we’re so afraid to lose people and end up alone. Despite of their hurting, we think that if we chase them away we’ll never be able to fill their places, we fear feeling empty and alone and most of all we fear the fact that they may move on before us.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|God in His perfect wisdom gave you power to control only one thing in the entire universe, and that is you.
Gloria Whelan, Listening for Lions|I looked forward to making friends at school, but I had come late and friendships had already been formed. I couldn’t find my way into their world. They seemed to have a secret code I couldn’t decipher.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards,' says the White Queen to Alice.
Joe Torre|Actors need to trust themselves. If you trust yourself, you can trust others and leave the director outside.
Sarah Waters, Affinity|I bolted upright in my bed, gasping for air and still feeling his touch on my hand. I could feel him watching me. I could feel him waiting for me.
Jen Doll|You can do it now. You can't say you've never dated, because you have. A lot of people, actually.” Xander's gave her a mischievous grin. “You've leveled up, dearest. You're an expert on dating compared to Liv of six months ago.
Ellen Willis|Golf courses are beautiful, it's good for the soul and it gets out the anger... well, if you don't care about the score then you won't have a heart attack.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|And then, like most of the times she went down that road of thought, things started lighting up. Rays filtered through the smog like tentacles – and a quite intangible hope infected the darkness with its resolution. She never knew where these urges to 'move forward' came from. Their source eluded her – but she knew they were there somewhere, just as mysterious and uncontrollable as the darkness. Treacles of light had unwittingly penetrated these dark alleyways in her thinking. Illumination came slowly, but it was undeniable.
Mokhtar Dahari|What does seem to me poisonous, what breeds a type of patriotism that is pernicious if it lasts but not likely to last long in an educated adult, is the perfectly serious indoctrination of the young in knowably false or biased history - the heroic legend drably disguised as text-book fact. With this creeps in the tacit assumption that other nations have not equally their heroes; perhaps even the belief - surely it is very bad biology - that we can literally 'inherit' tradition.
Adora Svitak|I knew from the age of five what I wanted to do. The one thing I could do was draw. I couldn't draw that much better than some of the other kids, but I cared more and I wanted it badly.
|The road to success is very tough, but your mind is tougher.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.
John Dryden|Ah, cruel fate, how swiftly joy and sorrow alternate!
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|I thought I loved him when he went away; I love him now in another degree: he is more my own. [ . . . ] Oh! a thousand weepers, praying in agony on waiting shores, listened for that voice, but it was not uttered--not uttered till; when the hush came, some could not feel it: till, when the sun returned, his light was night to some!
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Bourbon Street|You disappoint me, Cassandra. Your legends paint you differently," Daemon said softly, his voice thick with malevolence."I'm a Priestess serving at this Altar," she said, working to keep her voice steady. "You're mistaken, if you think--"He laughed softly. She stepped back from the sound and found herself pressed against the counter. "Do you think I can't tell the difference between a Priestess and a Queen? And the Jewels, my dear, name you for what you are."She bent her head slightly in acknowledgment. "So I'm Cassandra. What do you want, Prince?
Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts|It is the responsibility of scientists never to suppress knowledge, no matter how awkward that knowledge is, no matter how it may bother those in power; we are not smart enough to decide which pieces of knowledge are permissible, and which are not. …
Julia Karr, XVI|I couldn't shake the impulse to help him. It seemed that the older I got the more I believed that everyone, homeless or not, deserved to be treated at least like a human.
Alan Lightman, Reunion|In an individual, selfishness uglifies the soul; for the human species, selfishness is extinction.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|The greatest problem of human life is fear. It is fear that robs us ofhappiness. It is fear that causes us to settle for far less than we arecapable of. It is fear that is the root cause of negative emotions,unhappiness and problems in human relationships.
Jack C. Monroe, A Hole In Time: An Elliot James Adventure|If the love is true, it will wait until the dream becomes a reality. True love also gives strength to a dream.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Contrary to popular opinion, leaders aren’t created out of fame. Fame is just a shadow. When you enter dark times in, it leaves you.
Elizabeth I|I know I have the body of a weak, feeble woman; but I have the heart and stomach of a king
Dan Gilroy|A trustee is held to something stricter than the morals of the market place. Not honesty alone, but the punctilio of an honor the most sensitive, is then the standard of behavior.
Temperance|It is a crushing moment when you realize that your life has either been a series of huge mistakes, or worse; it hasn’t.
Francis Spufford|I do think imagination is enormously valuable, and that children should be encouraged in their imagination. That's very true.
Adam Smith|I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Sakyong Mipham, Running with the Mind of Meditation: Lessons for Training Body and Mind|If we do not push ourselves enough, we do not grow, but if we push ourselves too much, we regress. What is enough will change, depending on where we are and what we are doing. In that sense, the present moment is always some kind of beginning.
Fiorella De Maria, We'll Never Tell Them|As Liljana sat stitching a sampler or darning a sock, she dreamed her way into life as a grown woman with her own household to run, her own home to tidy, her own children to mind, and her own husband to cheer after a long day's work as they sat together by the fire. The life that future generations would dismiss as dull and degrading offered Liljana the liberating prospect of being mistress in her own home rather than living to serve others.
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|What is…” She flipped through a few pages, looked up into his eyes. “Is this…?” “My journal,” he said, reaching out to glide a knuckle down her cheek. Her skin was so damn soft. She was a contradiction in terms to him, and one that he found endlessly fascinating: a woman with the inner strength to rival any Spec Ops member he’d ever known, yet she had such a kind, soft heart beneath that hard-won armor. Resilient. Independent yet willing to compromise. Formidable in her confidence and strength of will, yet gentle and loving. He loved her so hard it hurt. “I bought it the night after you stayed at my place,” he continued. “I knew if I was going to have a real shot with you going forward then I needed to get my shit together once and for all. You said the writing thing really helped you so I called my counselor and talked to her about it. She thought it would be good for me too. So I wrote in it every day since. I’ve been working hard at it.” Taya leafed through the pages until she came to the end and looked back up into his eyes. “It’s full.” “Yeah. Guess I had a lot to say.” The tenderness in her eyes slayed him. “Nathan, I’m so proud of you.” Her pride in him made him feel twenty feet tall. He let out a relieved breath. “I want to read it to you. That’s my next step, if you’re okay with it.” “Of course it’s okay. I’d love for you to read it to me, as long as you feel comfortable doing it.” “That’s the thing, I am. And I wouldn’t be with anyone else except you. You make me feel…whole.” He didn’t know how else to say it, how else to explain himself, except he needed her to know he was trying like hell to deal with his issues. “I know I’ve got a long way to go before I get to the same place you’re at, but I’m willing to put in the work to get there. I feel safe with you and I’m ready to move forward, let go of all the stuff that happened before. Like you said, I’m doing it for me. I’m sick of my past having any kind of hold over me. So I’m going to do whatever it takes to make peace with it.” Her answering smile lit up her whole face, made her gray eyes sparkle like gems. “Then I’ll gladly listen to whatever you want to say.” Warmth kindled in his chest. She did that; warmed him from the inside out, just by being her. “Good, because I love you.” She froze, her eyes widening slightly. He nodded, laughed at her shocked expression. “Yep, I love you. That’s what I came here to say. I love you and I’m a better man because of it, but not as good a man as I’ll be down the road if you stand by me.” Her eyes filled with tears and she flung her arms around him. “I love you too,” she blurted out against his neck. “So, so much. And of course I’ll stand by you.” Nate felt like his heart might burst. He hugged her hard. “Would you move to Virginia with me? When your dad’s strong enough. I know you need to be here for a while longer, but after that, I want you in my bed every night so I can wake up beside you each morning.” She gave a soggy laugh, her face still buried in his neck. “There you go again with the romance.” “Oh, baby, have I got plans for you.” He stroked a hand over her back, fascinated by the combination of softness and strength that was uniquely her. Then his stomach rumbled, making her smile. He was starving, hadn’t eaten since lunchtime. “Hey, you wouldn’t happen to have any bacon in the house, would you? Because I’d kill for a BLT right now.
Billy Graham|I'm not what you might call sexy, but I'm romantic. Let's put it that way.
Sunday Adelaja|Are you full of the Holy Spirit? Then you will be full of mercy, kindness and love.
Tony Jaa|If I can do something in less than one minute, I don't let myself procrastinate. I hang up my coat, put newspapers in the recycling, scan and toss a letter. Ever since I wrote about this rule in 'The Happiness Project,' I've been amazed by how many people have told me that it has made a huge difference in their lives.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Immediately after his re-election [Cameron] announced: “For too long we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens so long as you obey the law we will leave you alone.” A statement so far to the right that it conceded the political centre ground to Judge Dredd.
Edward L. Bernays, Propaganda|The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. ...We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. ...In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons...who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|We are only chance visitants to this jungle of blind mutations. The natural world existed when we did not, and it will continue to exist long after we are gone. The supernatural crept into life only when the door of consciousness was opened in our heads. The moment we stepped through that door, we walked out on nature. Say what we will about it and deny it till we die--we are blighted by our knowing what is too much to know and too secret to tell one another if we are to stride along our streets, work at our jobs, and sleep in our beds. It is the knowledge of a race of beings that is only passing through this shoddy cosmos.
Patty Duke|Perhaps if we all subscribed to the African concept of Ubuntu - that we all become people through other people, and that we cannot be fully human alone, we could learn a lot. There'd be less hatred and more harmony.
Jean Craighead George, Julie of the Wolves|If you can't see past my name, you can't see me.
Xiao Hong, Selected Stories Of Xiao Hong|This time we'll be fighting for the nation. The company commander says that it's better to be the ghost of a fallen soldier than a nationless slave. For the sake of our fellow countrymen, our families and our children, we have to resist to the very end... ("Vague Expectations")
Kishore Bansal|Calmness and confidence are the source of energy brings with itself unlimited opportunities. Let us but ring out the old, ring in the new.
Deval Patrick|I hope that I'm sexy in a different kind of way than I think that a lot of girls are right now. I think a lot of girls in the public eye, especially musical artists, are just kind of objectified a little bit and wearing super-skimpy outfits and leaving nothing to the imagination.
Walter Hagen|Find out what makes you happy and do it. If you are happy, you bring happiness for the world.
Allie Burke, Emerald Destiny|He kissed her, lay next to her on his bed, pulled her to him. Their foreheads pressed flat against one another, the admiration in their eyes intricately adjoined as one enchanted gaze, he said, "Stay.""Yes," she said. She knew what he meant. Stay with me tonight, sleep in my bed with me tomorrow, but she meant it the other way. Forever.
Anthony T. Hincks|The essence of me, is YOU.
Alan Bennett|What's interesting about architects is, we always have tried to justify beauty by looking to nature, and arguably, beautiful architecture has always been looking at a model of nature.
Brandy Heineman, Whispers in the Branches|She'll tell you this house is haunted, but I believe the truth of the matter is that people get haunted. Not places.' - Will Laughlin
Abu Bakr|My mum told me to have patience. It's about realising that when things aren't going the way you want them to, or you don't have inspiration, it will come.
Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm|Knowledge drifts in and out of my mind", said Lestat with a little look of honest distress and a shake of his head. "I devour it and then I lose it and sometimes I can't reach for any knowledge that I ought to possess. I feel desolate, but then knowledge returns or I seek it out in a knew source."(...)"But you love books, then", Aunt Queen was saying. I had to listen."Oh, yes," Lestat said. "Sometimes they're the only thing that keeps me alive.""What a thing to say at your age", she laughed."No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don't you think? The young are eternally desperate," he said frankly. "And books, they offer one hope - that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|If you go on touching me, I’ll catch fire before your eyes.
Blake Crouch, Unconditional|When you were a child, I didn't tell you about the evil in the world, all that lay in wait.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Your actions are catalysts to another’s actions. One could last a second, another could last to the end of mankind. Share kindness, plant the seed, help humanity overcome their greed.
Patrick McGrath, The Grotesque|Solitude is a terrible thing, for it permits the imagination to picture, in detail, that which perhaps should never be articulated.
Todd M. Brenneman, Homespun Gospel: The Triumph of Sentimentality in Contemporary American Evangelicalism|Sentimentality was used because other political avenues were closed, and authors hoped that through it they could bring about a political change that would fulfill the egalitarian promises of the Revolution. Real political venues were unavailable, so fiction became a medium for authors to appeal to audiences for change.
Gary "Gunz" Govich|I revealed my affection towards my former employer and felt sick at myself for betraying him. My grandfather stood and poured me another tall glass. He offered me a sour tomato to take the edge off of the vodka. Pappy pulled his chair up next to mine then put his oversized arm around my shoulder and offered me his wisdom. "Feel no pity for this man James," he whispered. "A fool and his money are lucky to come together in the first place. More so, it's the responsibility of much smarter, more dubious men to party them," he finished.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person is bound to experience troubling doubts when attempting to forge a viable philosophy for living. When we are young, the world appears as a dream, no desire is unattainable, and no goal is impossible. We do not entertain the notion that the world will blunt our passionate aspirations, we assume that the world will yield to our resolute will. Misfortune, poverty, illness, and death crush a person’s hopes, awakening us to parts of oneself and the world that we previously denied. When fate has spoken harshly we initially feel ruined, life appears as a bleak wasteland. We must then chose to accept a misery ridden existence or rally the courage and fortitude to turn our thoughts from bitterness and regrets, surrender vain notions that we are somehow special and immune from the terrors of a life when reality does not care a wit for our survival.
Ron DeSantis|In America, to be ID'd - sorted, tagged, and permanently filed - is to lose a bit of one's soul. To die a little. This sounds like a subtle, poetic notion. It's not. In American legal and cultural tradition, one essential privilege of citizenship is not having to prove it on demand.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a smiling, dancing moon in our hands just waiting to touch our hearts.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|It feels like the city is telling secrets down here, privy only to those who think to listen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are as the sun; the world is your stage; even without an audience, shine.
Deyth Banger|When writing, I uncage KAT: Keep Adding Tension. Even if I don't know where the story's going, petting the KAT keeps it purring.
John Chrysostom|A friend is more to be longed for than the light; I speak of a genuine one. And wonder not: for it were better for us that the sun should be extinguished, than that we should be deprived of friends; better to live in darkness, than to be without friends
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|It is natural for our unamiable sex to dislike the creatures, for you ladies lavish so many caresses upon them.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|The dilemma I was faced with was one every parent faces sooner or later: you want to defend your child, of course; you stand up for your child, but you mustn't do it all too vehemently, and above all not too eloquently - you mustn't drive anyone into a corner. The educators, the teachers, will let you have your say, but afterwards they'll take revenge on your child. You may come up with better arguments - it's not too hard to come up with better arguments than the educators, the teachers - but in the end, your child to going to pay for it. Their frustration at being shown up is something they'll take out on the student.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|She did not suspect that the Abbess was even there hovering about the house, herself estimating the stresses and watching for the moment when a burden harms and not strengthens.
Chris d'Lacey, Icefire|So it's happened, I kept thinking, you're in the middle of a story exactly as you've always wanted, and it's horrible. Fear tastes quite different when you're not just reading about it, Meggie, and playing hero wasn't half as much fun as I'd expected.
Deyth Banger|The world is one Matrix, you don't realise it but it's the truth. It's well shown in the films like Matrix 1,2,3 and Inception!
Alexandra K.Trenfor|The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see.
Holly Lisle, The Silver Door|Valek coalesced from the shadows and wrapped me in his long lean arms. I soaked in his musky smell, listening to his heart beat. Strong and steady. No indication that he had been sneaking around.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|I didn't want to see her. I was desperate to see her. I wanted to hold it together. I wanted to melt down right at her feet and scream, Look what you've done to me.
Jim C. Hines, Codex Born|The sonic screwdriver from Doctor Who might have worked, having been canonically established as being ineffective on wood, but nobody had ever figured out how to use the controls on the blasted thing.
John Legend|With Tinder and all these other things, there's always this kind of illusion with infinite choices. There's something very cool about saying, 'Oh, I actually really care about this person, and I want to commit to loving this person and being loyal to this person.' You can't get that from the kind of infinite multiple choices that are out there.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Sip tea and coffee with those who say you can, politely stuff with cookies any who say you cannot. Because the stuff they are feeding you, be it the latter,looks strangely a bit like the little chocolate chips.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|Dream big, you are powerful.You can exceed all your expectations
John O'Donohue|My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.
L.E. Modesitt Jr., The Elysium Commission|Hatred is a form of faith, distilled by passion to remove all rationality.
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye Study Guide|Now, a month later, I sit, foggy, a similar state of mind, in a different seafood restaurant with a locals-know-every-secret bar, two happy hour martinis downed, fidgeting with my napkin below the lip of the table, and I barely hear Wendy ask me another question. She brought a bag of them tonight.
Laura  Ward, Past Heaven|Heartbreak , death and loss were shared between us, but renewal, commitment and strength as well.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you invite a snake into your home,do not be surprised if it bites you.
William Shakespeare|Oh, that this too, too sullied flesh would melt, Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew, Or that the Everlasting had not fixed. His canon 'gainst self-slaughter!
Tony Robbins|Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Fulton Oursler, The Greatest Story Ever Told|In this busy modernized age, it's easy to be blind to the light all around us. You see, there truly are real angels living among us that look just like you and I. If you pay attention, you can spot one because they're quite easy to find. They're the souls with the eternally deep eyes that always act like something is broken inside, but fail to realize it's just their wings.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|If eyes are windows to the soul, then tears are heavens rain.
Anatole France, The Revolt of the Angels|Your walk with God does not depend on people,places,things or events.
Debbie Reynolds, Unsinkable: A Memoir|If I measure each day by my list, the days are not always very good, but when I look at each day like it is their day too, because it is their day, well, then most days are better. A lot better.
Nawab Shafath Ali Khan|Or was he saying, "Hi! Wanna play?"And I did. Of course I did.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|The impulse to write things down is a peculiarly compulsive one, inexplicable to those who do not share it, useful only accidentally, only secondarily, in the way that any compulsion tries to justify itself. I suppose that it begins or does not begin in the cradle.
Nancy S. Mure, EAT! Empower, Adjust, Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed On Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|We can taste what's in our mouths, touch what's within our reach, smell within hundreds of metres and hear within tens of miles. But it's only through our vision that we are in communication with the sun and stars.
Terry McMillan|As human beings, we need to know that we are not alone, that we are not crazy or completely out of our minds, that there are other people out there who feel as we do, live as we do, love as we do, who are like us.
Sakin Maharjan|In the Past, People who had been repeating the same words from back then will make you understand.That's your weakness, causing Severe painful memories you had encountered back in the Past.In the future, say something different YOU haven't said before from the past to the present.That's their weakness, and the Past isn't useless, study it and it will shape your Future.
Alexis Herman|Liberating education consists in acts of cognition, not transferrals of information.
Michael Biondi|For those who sense and comprehend,They know that heaven is at hand;The river blue which stream and stream,It has the pictures of my dream.
Dean F. Wilson|Stories serve multiple purposes. At a basic level they are great entertainment, which is essential for living a happy and healthy life, but on a deeper level stories help us explore issues that are otherwise difficult to address. On one hand a good book helps us escape our troubles, and on the other hand it can help us face up to those troubles by bringing real issues to the fore, often in a more manageable way, since the problems are experienced vicariously through the eyes of another.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Standing there, peering around his room, Pete realized something that should have dawned on him years ago: Science really did suck. (Russell was right.) There just wasn’t any point to it. Sure, in its most altruistic distillation, science saved lives—but when had it ever made those lives worth living? The cold machine called science’s sole purpose, and Pete knew it now, was to drain the wonder out of things, to sap the imagination of its juices, to rob possibilities from dreamers. Science explained without ever getting to the crux of the matter, locking us all into a single paradigm of thought: that all we are is randomly accumulated stardust hanging out on a larger clump of randomly accumulated stardust that is spiraling out and away from other chunks of randomly accumulated stardust, on a collision course with an empty infinity.
Steve Maraboli|If you love someone...feel it, speak it, show it, be it.If you don't feel inspired to show your love in this multidimensional manner...be kind enough to let them go...so they can find someone who will.
Nathan Lane|Writing humor for me is more like a watchful-ness. You have to watch. When you say something funny, or someone else does, it's more like you wait for the piece.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|She walks,on the streets,with a face that,doesn't belong.It smiles more than,many put together,whole day long.Her heart misfit,a little chipped.And she likes to,call it once broken,but now stitched.
Tlaltecatzin|The flowering chocolate drink is foaming,Tobacco flowers are passed round,If my heart tastes them,I will be intoxicated…Listen, I am alone and tormented,May I not go to the place of the fleshless…Alone I must go, my own self shall become lost…I will go alone,My heart covered with flowers…Thus let it be,But let it be without violence!
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|A book is a dead man, a sort of mummy, embowelled and embalmed, but that once had flesh, and motion, and a boundless variety of determinations and actions.
Amit Kalantri|Man is smart - If money would have grown on trees, we would have used green leaves as money.
Paul Auster|Money is always there but the pockets change; it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Another tendency, which is extremely natural to democratic nations and extremely dangerous, is that which leads them to despise and undervalue the rights of private persons. The attachment which men feel to a right, and the respect which they display for it, is generally proportioned to its importance, or to the length of time during which they have enjoyed it. The rights of private persons amongst democratic nations are commonly of small importance, of recent growth, and extremely precarious; the consequence is that they are often sacrificed without regret, and almost always violated without remorse.
Debasish Mridha|If you have no anger inside your heart, you will have no enemy outside in the world.
George W. Bush|The relationship to one's fellow man is the relationship of prayer, the relationship to oneself is the relationship of striving; it is from prayer that one draws the strength for one's striving.
Karen Essex, Dracula in Love|Nothin's what it seems, drow!" Bruenor declared. "Nothin'! Ye try to follow what ye know, ye know? But then ye find that ye know not what ye thought ye knowed! Thought a dog'd be tastin' good - looked good enough - but now me belly's cursing me every move!
Edna Ferber, A Kind of Magic|I just managed to go around with one of the Great Spells in my head for years without going insane, didn't I?' He considered the last question form all angles.'Yes, you did,' he reassured himself. 'You didn't start talking to trees, even when trees started talking to you.
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Strangely Beautiful Tale of Miss Percy Parker|As the Promethean fire which banished Darkness, so Knowledge bears the Power and the Light.
Hinton Helper|I have seen purer liquors, better segars, finer tobacco, truer guns and pistols, larger dirks and bowie knives, and prettier courtesans here in San Francisco than in any other place I have ever visited; and it is my unbiased opinion that California can and does furnish the best bad things that are available in America.
Art Buchwald|The pessimist waits for better times, and expects to keep on waiting; the optimist goes to work with the best that is at hand now, and proceeds to create better times.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|This place is a mystery. A sanctuary. Every book, every volume you see, has a soul. The soul of the person who wrote it & the soul of those who read it & lived it & dreamed with it. Every time a book changes hands, every time someone runs his eyes down it's pages, it's spirit grows & strengthens. In this place, books no longer remembered by anyone, books that are lost in time, live forever, waiting for the day when they will reach a new reader's hands, a new spirit...
Amitav Ghosh, The Glass Palace|She remembered a word he'd often used, karuna-one of the Buddha's words, Pali for compassion, for the immanence of all living things in each other, for the attraction of life for its likeness. A time will come, he had said to the girls, when you too will discover what this word karuna means, and from that moment on, your lives will never again be the same.
Andrea Pirlo, Penso quindi gioco|I’ll never fully shake that sense of absolute impotence when destiny is at work. The feeling will cling to my feet forever, trying to pull me down. Even now if I mess up a pass, that malign force could be to blame. For that reason, I steer well clear of the DVD from the Liverpool game.
Robert Charles Wilson, Vortex|Sandra had studied psychiatry in order to understand the nature of despair, but all she had really learned was the pharmacology of it. The human mind was easier to medicate than to comprehend.
Elizabeth Gilbert|One of the most egregiously stupid books I've ever come across. I would recommend reading this only because it's the epitome of all that is moronic, superficial, contrived, hollow, false and utterly laughable in publishing today.
Pooja Ruprell|Look for excuses to celebrate others, and life will find a way to celebrate you.Make your life a prayer and be the light that touches lives far, wide and beyond.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|When you're in the safety of the future, the past doesn't seem so relevant.
Elizabeth Edwards|I've reached the point where I hardly care whether I live or die. The world will keep on turning without me, I can't do anything to change events anyway.
Nick John Whittle|It has been seven years since you died. Of course what I'll say next is that time has flown by. I got old. All of a sudden, de repente. I walk with difficulty. I even drool. I leave the door unlocked in case I die in my sleep, but it's more likely I'll go endlessly on until I get put away someplace. I am already dotty.... It's not so strange that I talk to my cat but I feel silly because he is totally deaf.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|God did not create man in his own image. Evidently, it was quite the other way about, which is the painless explanation for the profusion of gods and religions, and the fratricide both between and among faiths, that we see all about us and that has so retarded the development of civilization.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The will to dare, the will to act.
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park|Straight linearity, which we have come to take for granted in everything from physics to fiction, simply does not exist. Linearity is an artificial way of viewing the world. Real life isn't a series of interconnected events occurring one after another like beads strung on a necklace. Life is actually a series of encounters in which one event may change those that follow in a wholly unpredictable, even devastating way. That's a deep truth about the structure of our universe. But, for some reason, we insist behaving as if it were not true.
Janny Scott, A Singular Woman: The Untold Story of Barack Obama's Mother|As it was, she gave him the single most important gift a parent can give—“a sense of unconditional love that was big enough that, with all the surface disturbances of our lives, it sustained me, entirely.” People wonder about his calm and even-keeled manner, the [P]resident observed. He credited the temperament he was born with and the fact that “from a very early age, I always felt I was loved and that my mother thought I was special.
James C. Dobson|For god sake, don't put limits on your life. Do what you want, work on what you want and don't listen to people - which haven't succeeded what you want to succeed.
Frank Wanderer|What possible good does it do to resent any moment for unfolding as it does, to wish it didn't happen? Does it change the moment in any positive way? No it does not.
Deyth Banger|The Friendship is a suicide, the question is "Are you ready to suicide?".
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|It was killing him, seeing her this way. She was not meant to be uncertain, timid or fearful; the woman he knew exuded confidence so fiercely it might as well be a damn spiritual aura. He needed to fix this. “It’s time to adjust your perspective. You want to show the politicians on Earth they don’t rule the galaxy? Well, let’s show them.
Patty Duke|Certainly my personality, my sense of humor, my outlook on life was informed by the experiences of my parents and the stories they shared with me.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|I always stay hungry, never satisfied with current accomplishments.
Stephen Mitchell|Whatever thought grips the mind at the time of death is the one which will propel it and decide for it the nature of its future birth. Thus if one wants to attain god after death, one has to think of him steadfastly... This is not as simple as it sounds, for at the time of death the mind automatically flies to the thought of an object (i.e. money, love) which has possessed it during its sojourn in the world. Thus one must think of god constantly.
Lynn Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|How do you calculate upon the unforeseen? It seems to be an art of recognizing the role of the unforeseen, of keeping your balance amid surprises, of collaborating with chance, of recognizing that there are some essential mysteries in the world and thereby a limit to calculation, to plan, to control.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Whoa, you got my head in the cloudsWhoa, you got me thinking out loudThe more you dream about me the more I believeThat nothing's ever out of reachSo dream, dream, dream
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|I hope you remember that you always have a place to hide, away from the noise of the world, away from all that dares to wound your heart. You can always hide within the merciful heart of God.
Maeve Binchy|Anything that's of any use, famous people get hold of it and take it for themselves and it gets a bad rap.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|And were you punished? No. Why? Because you were rich.""Money and talent aren't the same thing.""That’s because you can inherit money that was earned by your ancestors," said Sister Carlotta. "And everybody recognizes the value of money, while only select groups recognize the value of talent.
Matt Taibbi, Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America|I have an idea about voting, how about on every ballot we include "None of the above". People may laugh at that, but what that is, it is a vote of no confidence in your government and I'm willing to bet that in some elections, 'None of the Above' would win. Imagine if you won the election but lost to 'None of the Above'. Wouldn't that make you re-think your positions?
Saul Bellow, Herzog|But rock, of course, is many colors. The distinction is subtle, but it is not just one plain grey, that I can promise...I spent five hours one afternoon just staring at a rock trying to see into its color scheme.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Friends, show me a man who hates himself, and I'll show you a man who hates his neighbors more! He'd have to—you'd not grant anyone else something you can't have for yourself—no love, no kindness, no respect!
Madeleine Albright|My life is full of drama, and I don't have time to worry about something as petty as what I look like.
Holly Lisle, The Silver Door|I always secretly looked forward to nothing going as planned. That way, I wasn't limited by my imagination. That way, anything can, and always did, happen.
Anita Desai|To people who remember JFK's assassination, JFK Jr. will probably always be that boy saluting his father's coffin.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|What man does not seek the power of his dreams, and believe in his ability to match the grace of his illusions.
Donald Hall|I was at Harvard with a whole bunch of poets, and that was very rare. They published a lot of books because there was an excitement after the war that translated into poetry.
Christopher Walken|I wouldn't call myself a shut-in. I have the ability to leave my home; I just choose not to. But because I'm such a homebody, it's important to be surrounded by things I love.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|The world is always open, Waiting to be discovered.
W.H. Auden|I have been quiet today because fear in my heart has been fighting with frustration in my brain, leaving little energy for my mouth.
Jonathan Swift|Grow old with me! The best is yet to be  The last of life  for which the first was made: Our times are in his hands Who sayeth "a whole I plant  Youth shows but half  Trust God  see all nor be afraid."
Juls Amor, THE YEAR OF THE FROG|Walk through pain, face it, lay down in it and rest. Get up and walk again, repeat until you reach the end.
Kameron Hurley, The Stars Are Legion|All social orders command their members to imbibe in pipe dreams of posterity, the mirage of immortality, to keep them ahead of the extinction that would ensue in a few generations if the species did not replenish itself. This is the implicit, and most pestiferous, rationale for propagation: to become fully integrated into a society, one must offer it fresh blood. Naturally, the average set of parents does not conceive of their conception as a sacrificial act. These are civilized human beings we are talking about, and thus they are quite able to fill their heads with a panoply of less barbaric rationales for reproduction, among them being the consolidation of a spousal relationship; the expectation of new and enjoyable experiences in the parental role; the hope that one will pass the test as a mother or father; the pleasing of one’s own parents, not to forget their parents and possibly a great-grandparent still loitering about; the serenity of taking one’s place in the seemingly deathless lineage of a familial enterprise; the creation of individuals who will care for their paternal and maternal selves in their dotage; the quelling of a sense of guilt or selfishness for not having done their duty as human beings; and the squelching of that faint pathos that is associated with the childless. Such are some of the overpowering pressures upon those who would fertilize the future. These pressures build up in people throughout their lifetimes and must be released, just as everyone must evacuate their bowels or fall victim to a fecal impaction. And who, if they could help it, would suffer a building, painful fecal impaction? So we make bowel movements to relieve this pressure. Quite a few people make gardens because they cannot stand the pressure of not making a garden. Others commit murder because they cannot stand the pressure building up to kill someone, either a person known to them or a total stranger. Everything is like that. Our whole lives consist of metaphorical as well as actual bowel movements, one after the other. Releasing these pressures can have greater or lesser consequences in the scheme of our lives. But they are all pressures, all bowel movements of some kind. At a certain age, children are praised for making a bowel movement in the approved manner. Later on, the praise of others dies down for this achievement and our bowel movements become our own business, although we may continue to praise ourselves for them. But overpowering pressures go on governing our lives, and the release of these essentially bowel-movement pressures may once again come up for praise, congratulations, and huzzahs of all kinds.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|Change happens, when we replace fear with hope.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am wholly deserving of all the consequences that I will in fact never receive simply because God unashamedly stepped in front of me on the cross, unflinchingly spread His arms so as to completely shield me from the retribution that was mine to bear, and repeatedly took the blows. And I stand entirely unwounded, utterly lost in the fact that the while His body was pummeled and bloodied to death by that which was meant for me and me alone, I have not a scratch.
James Lovelock|Fracking has been used for more than 60 years to successfully drill over a million oil and gas wells in the U.S. Nonetheless, the prevailing mythology on the radical left is that the technology is 'poisoning our children' by polluting the water we drink and the air we breathe.
Catherine Doyle, Vendetta|I'll only tell you what matters. And, the truth is, everything matters.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we grow in faith, the doubt shall ceased.
Shannon L. Alder|Somewhere between love and hate lies confusion, misunderstanding and desperate hope.
Sofia Richie|The goal when you get into a relationship is not to be out of the relationship. It's to try to stay in the relationship. But if it doesn't work, you can't force those things.
Kate Christensen|After my experiences with the 5:2 diet, I wasn't interested in a short-term fix that would fail later. I wanted a way of eating that made me lose weight without feeling deprived.
Tad Williams|Dear DiaryWent out shopping today. Picked up half a dozen sheep, two pigs, and a princess. The sheep are rather depressingly thin, the pigs and princess only slightly less so. Dear DiaryWent out shopping today. Picked up half a dozen sheep, two pigs, and a princess. The sheep are rather depressingly thin, the pigs and princess only slightly less so.
C.J.  Hatch|We are gathered here to send our gratitude to Pinnacle Officer Wilcoxand FERTS, for our daily provision and protection from those who would seek to strike against our Vassals, our Fighters and our Internees.
Terry Goodkind, Confessor|Celebrating faith over reason is merely a way of denying what is, in favor of embracing any whim that strikes your fancy.
Napoleon Hill|Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.
Alexander the Great|‎"We shouldn't wait to be happy until we reach some future point, only to discover that happiness was already available--all the time!
Russell Baker|I will sit in the car on the way to a meeting and just smile. I really mean that. It helps you get through life. If you have nothing to say, smile. Look up at the sky and smile. Just be grateful.
