Jojo Moyes, The Girl You Left Behind|Sometimes life is a series of obstacles, a matter of putting one foot in front of the other. Sometimes, she realizes suddenly, it is simply a matter of blind faith.
Jack Canfield|A friend tells a story about taking his ten-year-old son to a Jets game. The game was being played during a driving rain on a freezing cold day, and the Jets lost by twenty points to a team they were supposed to beat. As they headed toward the exits, the boy looked up, with tears in his eyes, and asked, 'Dad, why are we Jets fans?
Keke Palmer|I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all.
Kristin Hannah, Angel Falls|To be the child of a conficted or reputed witch was inherently dangerous; in one pathetic case in Lorraine a young couple were both accused, and it emerged that they had decided to marry after attending an execution at the stake of their respective parents, 'so that they would have nothing to reproach one another with.
Deyth Banger|To live with fake positive thoughts is suicide, but living with negative all your life is just preparing the trigger for to get shoot!
James Beattie|The aim of education should be to teach us rather how to think, than what to think - rather to improve our minds, so as to enable us to think for ourselves, than to load the memory with the thoughts of other men.
The Medieval Murderers, The Lost Prophecies|Who we were shapes us into who we are, and who we are shapes us into who we’ll become.
Sara Ahmed, Queer Phenomenology: Orientations, Objects, Others|In the Buddhist tradition, we speak of the oneness of the body and mind. Whate very happens to the body also happens to the mind....This is a very important encounter (engaging in sex) , not to be done in a casual manner.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|He wanted her. Here, now, between growing vines and fallen leaves, in the rain and the mud. Anywhere.And she wanted him, too.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|Being a spectator of calamities taking place in an other country is a quintessential modern experience, the cumulative offering by more than a century and a half's worth of those professional, specialized tourists known as journalists.
Ilona Andrews, Gunmetal Magic|I . . . hurried to the city library to find out the true age of Chicago. City library! After all, it cannot be anything but Chicagoesque. His is the richest library, no doubt, as everything in Chicago is great in size and wealth. Its million books are filling all the shelves, as the dry goods fill the big stores. Oh, librarian, you furnished me a very good dinner, even ice cream, but—where is the table? The Chicago city library has no solemnly quiet, softly peaceful reading-room; you are like a god who made a perfect man and forgot to put in the soul; the books are worth nothing without having a sweet corner and plenty of time, as the man is nothing without soul. Throw those books away, if you don't have a perfect reading-room! Dinner is useless without a table. I want to read a book as a scholar, as I want to eat dinner as a gentleman. What difference is there, my dearest Chicago, between your honourable library and the great department store, an emporium where people buy things without a moment of selection, like a busy honey bee?The library is situated in the most annoyingly noisy business quarter, under the overhanging smoke, in the nearest reach of the engine bells of the lakeside. One can hardly spend an hour in it if he be not a Chicagoan who was born without taste of the fresh air and blue sky. The heavy, oppressive, ill-smelling air of Chicago almost kills me sometimes. What a foolishness and absurdity of the city administrators to build the office of learning in such place of restaurants and barber shops!Look at that edifice of the city library! Look at that white marble! That's great, admirable; that means tremendous power of money. But what a vulgarity, stupid taste, outward display, what an entire lacking of fine sentiment and artistic love! Ah, those decorations with gold and green on the marble stone spoil the beauty! What a shame! That is exactly Chicagoesque. O Chicago, you have fine taste, haven't you?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We are taught to be free from all vices of life. No greed, anger, lust, and attachment with any mundane things.
Thomas Hobbes|Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Let's just be fabulously where we are and who we are. You be you and I'll be me, today and today and today, and let's trust the future to tomorrow. Let the stars keep track of us. Let us ride our own orbits and trust that they will meet. May our reunion be not a finding but a sweet collision of destinies!
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|Although there are certain needs, such as hunger, thirst, sex, which are common to man, those drives which make for the differences in men's characters, like love and hatred, the lust for power and the yearning for submission, the enjoyment of sensuous pleasure and the fear of it, are all products of the social process. The most beautiful as well as the most ugly inclinations of man are not part of a fixed and biologically given human nature, but result from the social process which creates man. In other words, society has not only a suppressing function - although it has that too - but it has also a creative function.
Mensah Oteh|Whatever success you have had, whatever victories you have experienced, whatever you have done so far in your life is only a fraction of the potential within you
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie var här|All marriages have their bad sides, because people have weaknesses. If you live with another human being you learn to handle these weaknesses in a variety of ways. For instance, you might take the view that weaknesses are a bit like heavy pieces of furniture, and based on this you must learn to clean around them. To maintain the illusion.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|But charity is the PURE LOVE OF CHRIST, and it endureth forever; and whoso is found possessed of it at the last day, it shall be well with him.Moroni 7
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|When you've suffered a great deal in life, each additional pain is both unbearable and trifling.
Charles Bukowski|There was something else I couldn't quite define--something that made me uneasy. We were a wrong fit, like unmatching puzzle pieces.
Sunday Adelaja|This is because the nature of this place is a strong emotion - "nostalgia" is their word for it - which means a longing for what has never been, or at least not in the form and shape imagined.
Akash B Chandran|If you want to have some fun ,Make some friends and have fun together.If you don't want to get hurted ,Be alone and nobody can hurt you.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|Perhaps the greatest importance of the family, in these days of contraceptives, is that it preserves the habit of having children.
Carl Hagelin|I've been incredibly fortunate to be able to have different opportunities and be able to choose, which is kind of amazing.
Magan Vernon, My Paper Heart|He gazed deeply into my eyes. Placing his hand to my cheek, he caressed my skin with his fingertips. “Ariel, you have a strength that cannot be hindered by anything. A strength that I admire greatly.” - Luca
Virginia Foxx|We cannot go alone to God. We belong to His Mystical Body, the Church; by even our most secret sins, if they be grievous, we have injured the Mystical Body of Jesus Christ and must ask forgiveness of His Mystical Body, too.
Michèle Bernstein, All the King's Horses (Semiotext|Youth must refrain from ungrateful questioning of governmental mandates... Instead, they must dedicate themselves to study, work and military service, should learn to think and act as a mass.
A.L. Prusick|It maybe that we have all lived before and died, and this is hell.
Richard Dawkins|I believe many people feel like God is mad at them. One day I put a post on Facebook that said, 'God is not mad at you.' Within a few hours, we literally had thousands of positive responses from people saying things like, 'That is exactly what I needed to hear today.' Obviously, this is a message we need to hear.
Jenn Windrow, Struck By Eros|Who was I to meddle in people’s love lives? Mine was a mess. My heartwanted the one thing it wasn’t allowed to have — love with someone besides mycupid-appointed soul mate. I was so screwed up, I made the dysfunctionalrelationships on Jerry Springer look wholesome.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|You can't make a difference, if you don't know what it is.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|She still had her bad days, no question, when the black dog of depression sniffed her out and settled its crushing weight on her chest and breathed its pungent dog breath in her face. On those days she called in sick to the IT shop where, most days, she untangled tangled networks for a song. On those days she pulled down the shades and ran dark for twelve or twenty-four or seventy-two hours, however long it took for the black dog to go on home to its dark master.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus is not a state of single-mindedly pursuing one goal or objective without getting distracted. Rather, it’s a commitment to exert all concentration and effort through constant adjustment like the lens of the human eye on a vision or purpose
Scott Walker|A sad person who is so involved with his sadness that he mistakes it for reality will have a hard time seeing himself as anything but sad. For him, the sadness is not a feeling that he experiences - it is him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Renewed mind, revived spirit and restored strength.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|Meditation is the ultimate mobile device; you can use it anywhere, anytime, unobtrusively.
Marina Abramovic|It would be a sad story to get rid of religious belief, national identity, family, and even sexual identity. That's not freedom.
Rita Ora|I'm obsessed with politics, and I talk about it any chance I can get. I have strong opinions about how the world should be run.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|your one true promise can make someone's life beautiful , in the same way your one false promise can destroy someone's lifeSo make sure yourself about your promise before make sure someone other that you will keep stand on your words.
W.H. Auden|This is what evil does; it makes choices for others in the name of religion, in the name of government, in the name of community, in the name of personal gain, that these individuals are best able to make for themselves.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|Let them spend their time condemning every action of persons they do not like; by this let them revoke their own condemnation licenses: no one will take them seriously when it comes time to condemn something that really needs to be condemned, and thus hear, hear, despite the excess noise, the reasonable voices may prevail.
Sam Hunt|The action of Rosa Parks, the words and leadership of Dr. King inspired me. I was deeply inspired. I wanted to do something.
Levon Peter Poe|When I don't like the name of a place or a person I always imagine a new one and always think of them so. " Anne of Green Gables
David Handler, The Boy Who Never Grew Up|Why am I doing this? Because it feels so good to talk like we used to, even though I know this is just a shadow of what we had. But I chase it anyway.
Niall Ferguson|I sometimes get that wonderful sympathy between me and the audience, telling me I've reached their hearts. And when I do, the thrill is mine.
|Champions are truly meant to be loved and learned from. There is nothing to be gained by hating them. Moreover, you too can become a champion, if you start believing in yourself and begin to take some effective consistent actions.
Tallulah Grace, Cliffs of Starsdale|Some call it energy, some say it’s spirit, but I believe it’s the love that people share that keeps them connected, even after death.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|What makes authentic disciples is not visions, ecstasies, biblical mastery of chapter and verse, or spectacular success in the ministry, but a capacity for faithfulness. Buffeted by the fickle winds of failure, battered by their own unruly emotions, and bruised by rejection and ridicule, authentic disciples may have stumbled and frequently fallen, endured lapses and relapses, gotten handcuffed to the fleshpots and wandered into a far county. Yet, they kept coming back to Jesus.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|The painter constructs, the photographer discloses.
Geoffrey Wood Grimrack An Infernal Epistolary|Everyone is given the potential to excel, whether you do or not is entirely up to you.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Develop a strong thirst for positive associations and learning from others, because the right people can take you further than you can go on your own.
Robert Lewandowski|I am healthy because of my strict diet. I can eat anything, but I don't eat everything.
Mensah Oteh|Your beliefs frame your thoughts and actions. If you change your beliefs, you change your reality.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You're not free, until you get rid of I-myself-me; and let enter 'That', which, the sages call "Thee".
Amber Pollard|He would eventually have to pass through the forest, but he felt no fear. Of course - the forest was inside him, he knew, and it made him who he was.
Randy Elrod, Sex, Lies & Religion|Could it be, as one writer puts it, that every knock at the door of a brothel is actually a knock at the heart of God? 
Billy Crystal|It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life. I am convinced that the truest act of courage, the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally non-violent struggle for justice.
J.B|As she looks through the window; while seeing him give her his world, tears rolled down her cheeks in remembrance of the world she once had.
Edward T. Welch|Advances in biological knowledge have highlighted the potential chronicity of effects of childhood maltreatment, demonstrating particular life challenges in managing emotions, forming and maintaining healthy relationships, healthy coping, and holding a positive outlook of oneself.
Thanhha Lai, Listen, Slowly|At first the weight of loss was thrust upon me so harshly I could only take a short breath, just enough to endure the next few seconds, only to find I must inhale again. Every person in turmoil thinks the boulder on her chest will never lift. Yet the same boulder awakens an equally strong urge to live.
Maria Àngels Anglada, The Violin of Auschwitz|It isn’t true, is it, Daniel, that music can tame the beasts? Yet, in the end, a song lives.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are saved by the sanctification of the Spirit and by faith in the truth of Christ Jesus, Son of God.
Luggs, Jack the Ripper: The Long Arm of the Law|She fell on the bread and cheese as if she were a lioness. Did lions eat cheese? He didn’t know. He knew Mrs Prater’s kitten ate cheese. He ate anything. Poor bloody animal. Still, he was a slum cat, no reason why his life should be better than a humans' sad ruddy existence.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|I didn't cross the line, you drew it in after I traversed it.
Amalia Carosella, Helen of Sparta|Sons of a revolution fight for liberty. They give blood, flesh, limbs, their very lives. But daughters . . . we sacrifice our eternal souls.
Paul Auster|America is the land of the second chance - and when the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life.
Priscille Sibley, The Promise of Stardust|I should like my house to be similar to that of the ocean wind, all quivering with gulls.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|More and more I lived in books, they were my comfort, refuge, addiction, compensation for the humiliations that attended contact with the world outside.
Edward Rutherfurd, New York|And suddenly it came to him. That Strawberry Fields garden he'd come from, and the Freedom Tower he'd been thinking of: taken together, didn't they contain the two words that said it all about this city, the two words that really mattered? It seemed to him that they did. Two words: the one an invitation, the other an ideal, an adventure, a necessity. "Imagine" said the garden. "Freedom" said the tower. Imagine freedom. That was the spirit, the message of this city he loved. You really didn't need anything more. Dream it and do it. But first you must dream it.
Andrew D. Chumbley, The Azoetia: A Grimoire Of The Sabbatic Craft|If you call upon the Gods and they answer, who is there to oppose or to challenge the integrity of your Path?
Patrick deWitt|I need a woman to have a quirky sense of humor. There's a bunch of jokes I use, and if she doesn't get them, she's probably not for me.
Edith Sitwell|My personal hobbies are reading, listening to music, and silence.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|The nails from a suicide's coffin, and the skull of the parricide, were of course no trouble; for Vesquit never traveled without these household requisites.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|When I arrived back at Intro to Basic Art again later that week, I thought for a moment we had a new student who didn’t know about the assigned seats. Sitting at my table was a girl in a long flowered dress, very vintage-hippie. She actually was wearing real flowers in her hair, and hardly any make up. I sat down, ready to explain to this poor lost soul that the seat was already taken, when I looked again and realized it was the same girl. I ended up not saying anything at all; I couldn’t think of anything that wouldn’t be rude or just plain stupid.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Everyone appears to be courageous until bad weathers arrive, and then we know the true leaders.
Henny Youngman|Women may not have it easy, but we are given a fairer chance to reach for the top.
Bryanna Reid|It's ok to understand other people. But it's not enough. Advertence is necessary too. Because it's easy to understand abstract person if you're not a victim but outside observer. Imagine you say to friend who needs your help: "I understand the man who stole from you because he was starved". Or that: "I understand that scumbag who raped you because his wife ran out on him and he wanted to blow off steam". Only most hard-hearted person can say that.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|The parents of these young soldiers would come to me and ask how the Lord could allow such a thing. I felt like asking them what the Lord would have to do to tell us He didn't allow something. But instead I would comfort them by saying we would never know what their young men had been spared. Most of them took me to mean they were spare the trenches and the mustard gas, but what I really meant was that they were spared the act of killing.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Those who gain Greatness, often hit many obstacles. To succeed, persist, even when others tell you you will fail.
Cyril of Jerusalem|Let us then, my brethren, endure in hope. Let us devote ourselves, side-by-side with our hoping, so that the God of all the universe, as he beholds our intention, may cleanse us from all sins, fill us with high hopes from what we have in hand, and grant us the change of heart that saves. God has called you, and you have your calling.
Isaac Newton|We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality.
Nathan Fillion|Without industry, finance and government consciously and collaboratively ensuring that capital flows to where it is needed in order to ensure the scaling up of climate change solutions, whatever deal is agreed risks never being realised.
Kiyohiko Azuma, Azumanga Daioh: The Omnibus|No matter what, you shall have a reason for action because of whom and what is closer to you and where you find yourself.
Herodotus|There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.'
Anthony Liccione|Human Error lies in judgment. While many will say that it's wrong to judge, one cannot survive in the light or the darkness without equipping the ability to judge. One must judge their morality. One must judge their potentiality. One must judge their actuality. One must judge their life. One must judge their very existence. What happens when God no longer lends a helping a hand? What happens whenGod longer judges you? Only you can be the arbiter of your own existence. However, you will have to judge. So let me ask you, what's the difference between judging the subjective reality that one exists in, and judging the value of the subjective reality of another? The only difference lies is the sameness of one conception...judgment. So tell me, is it wrong to judge others, when your very existence depends on you judging reality for validity?
CARRIE RYAN & JOHN PARKE DAVIS|Two days ago, the Preserve received a curious visitor. Our logbook shows the signature of a Ms. Notah Reelnaym, hailing from the foreign-sounding port of Nowareneerheer, arriving at 10:00 am on the nose with a child and leaving an hour and three minutes later without one. Log notes indicate that Ms. Reelnaym spent precisely one hour touring the Preserve. Mr. Gubbens, our Chief Orphan Wrangler, reports spending that hour walking around the Preserve alone, loudly explaining Preserve policies to no one for no obvious reason. Remaining three minutes of Ms. Reelnaym’s visit unaccounted for.
Nicholas Kristof|All around the world, we send our top talent into finance, technology, medicine and law - everywhere but towards expanding opportunity for our most marginalized children.
Erwin Schrodinger|In order to experience everyday spirituality, we need to remember that we are spiritual beings spending some time in a human body.
Jessica Savitch|Players should know that if you can't make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|When you lose a loved one, you suffer. But if you know how to look deeply, you have a chance to realize that his or her nature is truly the nature of no birth, no death. There is manifestation and there is the cessation of manifestation in order to have another manifestation. You have to be very keen and very alert in order to recognize the new manifestations of just one person.
Linton Kwesi Johnson|I'm really busted up over this and I'm very, very sorry to those people in the audience, the blacks, the Hispanics, whites - everyone that was there that took the brunt of that anger and hate and rage and how it came through.
Jean  Williams|Life isn't just a gift, it's an abundant series of more gifts (i.e. Feather Presents) than one can count
Jacqueline Cochran|Discipline is not consistency, and the reason why I say that is - like, for an example, making prayer five times a day, that establishes routine and consistency. That I can do. And having certain fundamental consistencies in business, can do. But time management, outside of that, that's where that's a challenge.
Kellie Elmore|Sacrifices made for love are fine, unless the sacrifice is you.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|All this he saw, for one moment breathless and intense, vivid on the morning sky; and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered.
C.S. Lewis|The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|She had the bizarre feeling of time bending all around her, as though she was from the past reading about the future, or from the future reading about the past.
Davies Robertson|God help him if any of them ever came true. Why, he'd be a two-headed, three-toed, monkey-nosed, blind son of a cesspit-licking lackey is she had her way.
Debasish Mridha|Smiles are the dance of our soul,with the music of love, to express the beauty of mind,for the happiness of spirit,and for the joy of the world.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Paranoia. The more you think of an imaginary problem, the more you feel as though it’s real –
Viola Davis|My parents, especially my mother, were no influence on me whatsoever.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|Not the historians. No, not them. Their greatest crime is that they presume to know what happened, how things come about, when they have only what the past chose to leave behind-- for the most part, they think what they were meant to think, and it's a rare one that sees what really happened, behind the smokescreen of artifacts and paper...No, the fault lies with the artists...The writers, the singers, the tellers of tales. It's them that take the past and re-create it to their liking. Them that could take a fool and give you back a hero, take a sot and make him a king...Liars?...or sorcerers? Do they see the bones in the dust of the earth, see the essence of a thing that was, and clothe it in new flesh, so the plodding beast reemerges as a fabulous monster?
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|If you don’t want your past to own you, try owning your past.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One of the most conspicuous modes of escape is alcoholism, which is now a national catastrophe.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|The pathway traced with blood and tears,and dust of all our father's dead,Whose backward footsteps, wandering, red,Fade to the mist of nameless years.(“The Testimony of the Suns”)
Wayne Dyer|If God came in and said  "I want you to be happy for the rest of your life " what would you do?
Alan Shepard|You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world.
Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human|To be defeated, but not to give in, is victory.- Jósef Piłsudski
Barbara Coloroso, Kids Are Worth It!: Giving Your Child the Gift of Inner Discipline|From the time he was young, he dressed the way you told him to dress; he acted the way you told him to act; he said the things you told him to say. He's been listening to somebody else tell him what to do... He hasn't changed. He is still listening to somebody else tell him what to do. The problem is, it isn't you any,ore; it's his peers.
Adam Riess|As a child, I spent a lot of time wandering around the prairies and in the hills, and there was a sense that it was such a wide-open space, and there was kind of a feeling of potential. I could imagine anything happening there.
Mary O'Malley|It is also important to understand that, even though you have been taught to believe that your mind is in charge of life, it was not designed for this. It is an exquisite tool for maneuvering through your life, but it is not supposed to be in charge of it. Life is in charge of your life, and it does a lot better job than your mind does.
Robert Quillen| 'So what happens next?' 'Everybody dies, and the people who don't get married.' 'Like any other story, then.' 
Jay Woodman|When we make judgements we're inevitably acting on limited knowledge, isn't it best to ask if we seek to understand, or simply let them be?
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|There was a dull pang of regret because it was not the kiss of love which had inflamed her, because it was not love which had held this cup of life to her lips.
Bonnie Jo Campbell, American Salvage|Men didn't understand that you couldn't let yourself be consumed with passion when there were so many people needing your attention, when there was so much work to do. Men didn't understand that there was nothing big enough to exempt you from your obligations, which began as soon as the sun rose over the paper company and ended only after you'd finished the day's chores and fell exhausted into sleep against the background noise of I-94.
Roger Harrison|I remembered every moment between us, and every moment felt more precious as time passed.
T.H. White, Alfred Hitchcock Presents: Stories That Scared Even Me|Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness.
Lierre Keith|Even if through simple living and rigorous recycling you stopped your own average Americans annual one ton of garbage production, your per capita share of the industrial waste produced in the US is still almost twenty-six tons. That's thirty-seven times as much waste as you were able to save by eliminating a full 100 percent of your personal waste. Industrialism itself is what has to stop.
Aldous Huxley, Antic Hay|Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|I love him wholly and unconditionally and without reservation. I love him enough to sacrifice a friendship. I love him enough to accept my own happiness and use it, in turn, to make him happy back.
Derrick Brown, Scandalabra|Hewas beautiful. I know, it’s not the manliest way to describe a guy, but inmy head, it was the adjective I used most often and it fit him to a tee.
Madeleine L'Engle, Certain Women|... Papa's always had the ability to remember the good things and let the bad ones go." "Not a bad ability.""... I'm not sure. I think we have to remember it all before we can forgive it.
Shelly Crane, Undeniably Chosen|He searched for my gaze and the second he found it, I cracked a smile. “There it is.” He palmed his chest again and sighed. “All is right in the world again.
Léon Camille Marius Croizat|I have indeed lived and worked to my taste either in art or science. What more could a man desire? Knowledge has always been my goal. There is much that I shall leave behind undone…but something at least I was privileged to leave for the world to use, if it so intends…As the Latin poet said I will leave the table of the living like a guest who has eaten his fill. Yes, if I had another life to spend, I certainly would not waste it. But that cannot be, so why complain?
Lesley Livingston, Wondrous Strange|Pumpkin, stop rubbing your ass against me. We gotta go! I don’t have time to do you now. Prioritize, woman.
Trish Doller, Something like Normal|Something I'm not ready to name works itself under the grip of Charlies death and loosens it, and keeps the nightmare at bay when I fall back asleep.
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. Things happened to you; they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything.
S.R.Tabone|To do what is right can be a dirty messy business" S. R. Tabone. Made it up for my Godfifa novel.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Each of us comes into being knowing who he is and what he is supposed to do.' ... 'Small children know,' Leto said. 'It's only after adults have confused them that children hide this knowledge even from themselves.
Christa Wolf, Medea|A possession considered of little value up to now suddenly becomes precious to a person if another person desires it, don't you think?
Eileen Anglin|Two hundred years after Euro-Americans "discovered" it, America's river west begins and ends at pollution.
Roman Coppola|I think my first experience of art, or the joy in making art, was playing the horn at some high-school dance or bar mitzvah or wedding, looking at a roomful of people moving their bodies around in time to what I was doing. There was a piano player, a bass player, a drummer, and my breath making the melody.
Adrian Peterson|When I'm out, maybe I'm looking at the fried chicken, but I know I need to order the grilled. But I'm still from the country. I love my fried food and my neck bones and all that, too.
James Watson|I am happy that I can aid those admirable men, both living and dead, who by their pens or their tongues have aided the great cause of human liberty and universal happiness.
Nema Al-Araby, Remnants and Ashes|Since poetry deals with the singular, not the general, it cannot - if it is good poetry - look at things of this earth other than as colorful, variegated, and exciting, and so, it cannot reduce life, with all its pain, horror, suffering, and ecstasy, to a unified tonality of boredom and complaint. By necessity poetry is therefore on the side of being and against nothingness.
Sylvia Boorstein, Pay Attention, for Goodness' Sake: Practicing the Perfections of the Heart--The Buddhist Path of Kindness|In your practice you should accept everything as it is, giving to each thing the same respect given to a Buddha.
Lorde|Maybe the internet raised us, or maybe people are jerks.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|Did people... really kiss like that? She had had NO idea. She had imagined being kissed, and in her imagination she had been swept away by the sheer romance of the meeting of lips. In her naivete she had not considered the possibility that a kiss, as a prelude to sexual activity, might have powerful effects on parts of her body, in fact, even parts she had been only half aware of possessing. She ached and throbbed in all sorts of unfamiliar places
Chris Dee, Cattitude|I see how you look at me,” spits the hateful man. He thinks we look upon him with the evil eye when we are not looking at him that way at all. We are just looking at him. It’s because he can’t accept the hate inside of himself that he projects it onto us.
Jinnul Jr.|From victory we learn little, from defeat - everything.
Mark  Jackman, Shadow of the Badger|His only real financial failure came at the age of thirteen, when in an uncharacteristic error of judgement he invested £200,000 of his own savings in wooden socks, an invention that never caught on as he had hoped.
Ken Robinson|However revolutionary it may be, the Internet still hasn't altered the basic law of human communication: Being nice to your interlocutors is a good way to start any negotiations, particularly, when being hostile is an open invitation for a cyber-fight.
Milan Kundera|You can't miss me, because I was never there.
Henry David Thoreau|A sentence should be read as if its author, had he held a plough instead of a pen, could have drawn a furrow deep and straight to the end.
Jay Stringer, Ways to Die in Glasgow|No, he didn’t come to me for a gun. I only said that because of you, thought maybe you’d want one, with being shot and everything.’ ‘Why the fuck would I want a gun? Would you ask a man who’s just been bitten by a shark if he wants to buy a shark?
Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine|The world turns on our every action, and our every omission, whether we know it or not." -Cutting for Stone
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Woodward, a registered Republican, did not vote. He couldn't decide whether he was more uneasy with the disorganization and naïve idealism of McGovern's campaign or with Richard Nixon's conduct. And he believed that not voting enabled him to be more objective in reporting on Watergate - a vier Bernstein regarded as silly. Bernstein voted for McGovern, unenthusiastically and unhesitatingly, then bet in the office pool that Nixon would win with 54 percent.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
John Barrymore|We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is a miracle and your most important goal in life is to protect this miracle. You have one more goal which is as important as this one and that is to protect the other miracles, the lives of others!
Cecily White, Prophecy Girl|You must be a blast on long car rides.”“Oh, I am. You haven't experienced fun until you try to fuck in the front seat of a Civic.
Hippocrates|There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.
Karen Chance, Midnight's Daughter|Louis-Cesare slowly pulled himself into a half-standing position against the side of the winery.'What? Did you think one little mage was going to do me in?' He swallowed hard. 'Hell, that was just a warm-up.
Winston  Churchill|When you fight with God, your warring against your pride.
Eusebio Ruvalcaba, Una mosca devastada y deprimida sobreviviendo en un hilito de sangre|Pero me sobran motivos para ser feliz. Sobre todo cuando estoy en los brazos de mis tres misses. Son tres gentiles damas a las que se llega cuando las cosas adquieren una claridad inusitada: Miss Antropía, Miss Oginia y Miss Eria; pero no las comparto, como hago con el resto de mis mujeres.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Experience and miracle are two agents crafted with different names and meanings, yet express the exact same nature. It takes a miracle to gap experience. It takes experience to close the wall of a miracle. In the end, the only real difference...is skill.
Albert Einstein|Honestly, I cannot understand what people mean when they talk about the freedom of the human will. I have a feeling, for instance, that I will something or other; but what relation this has with freedom I cannot understand at all. I feel that I will to light my pipe and I do it; but how can I connect this up with the idea of freedom? What is behind the act of willing to light the pipe? Another act of willing? Schopenhauer once said: Der Mensch kann was er will; er kann aber nicht wollen was er will (Man can do what he will but he cannot will what he wills).
John Cleese, So, Anyway...|Life flows at ease whenever a person ceases complaining about the past, worrying about the future, lives in the now without resisting pain, and accepts the moral sublimity of living in a state of grace.
Karthik Qutious|Life is something which can't be defined, but can only be celebrated.
Vanessa Kerry|This is the great reward of service, to live, far out and on, in the life of others; this is the mystery of Christ, - to give life's best for such high sake that it shall be found again unto life eternal.
Christopher Fowler, The Victoria Vanishes|I hate the endless admonishments of a nanny state that lives in fear of its lawyers. While colonies of dim-witted traffic wardens swarm about looking for minor parking infringements, nobody seems to notice that our very social fabric is falling apart.
John Thorn|There are things they tell us that sound good to hear, but when they have accomplished their purpose they will go home and will not try to fulfill our agreements with them.
Pete Greig, Punk Monk: New Monasticism and the Ancient Art of Breathing|Too many people are missing their destiny a year at a time because they're too scared to think in decades!" (p. 127)
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|The world was different in the morning. Quiet, unassuming, and somehow bigger, as if it was brimming with possibility. It was, she thought, as if during the day the world went through a shrinking process, gradually condensing the morning’s expansion, only to inflate again during the night
Astro Teller|All the things that made us basically nasty, rapacious, competitive as a species are not necessarily hard-coded into whatever passes for the DNA of artificial intelligence.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|ignorance and power, they´re a poor combination.
R. N. Prasher|Despite what everyone thinks, hatred is what makes the world goes round not love. Just look at Hitler, he changed the world with his hatred so did Abraham Lincoln. He didn’t free the slaves out of love, he simply hated the Confederates so he did something to piss them off and win the war.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Hamlet promised himself he’d throw down afterward, but I think perhaps when he said, “From this time forth, my thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth!” the limits of blank verse weakened his resolve somehow. If he’d been free to follow the dictates of his conscience rather than the pen of Shakespeare, perhaps he would have abandoned verse altogether, like me, and contented himself with this instead: “Bring it, muthafuckas. Bring it.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|And as a man, who is attached to a prostitute, is unfitted to choose or judge of a wife, so any prepossession in favour of a rotten constitution of government will disable us from discerning a good one.
Irvine Welsh, The Blade Artist|When I was achild my worldwasn’t blackand white,it was grey,until I gotbeat upenough timesto realizemy skin wasbeige, anddifferent
Gayendra Abeywardane, Broken Maps to Miniature Flights|there are words inside me that don’t want to hide anymore.Perfect or not, they don’t want to be safe for much longer.They want to be free.
Bruce Schneier|If American men are obsessed with money, American women are obsessed with weight. The men talk of gain, the women talk of loss, and I do not know which talk is the more boring.
Jennie Finch|When I wake up on a Sunday morning with a slight hangover, in the gym with no makeup on, that's who Natalie Dormer really is. The girl next door who gets a spot on her forehead occasionally.
Anonymous|My best photo will be the last one, that I want to be taken.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Come to the beach with meAnd watch the pelicans die,Hear their feeble screamsCalling to an empty skyWhere once they playedAnd scouted for food,Not scavenging like the gullsBut plummeting unafraidInto friendly waters.Come to the beach with meAnd watch the pelicans die,Listen to their feeble screamsCalling to an empty sky.Maybe Christ will walk byAnd save them in their final toilOr work a miracle from the shore,A courtesy of Union Oil.Come to the beach with meAnd watch the pelicans die.My God! They'll never fly again.It's worse than Normandy somehow,For there we only murdered men.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Seek to develop your skill and talent to a level of relevance. Create a platform to shine and make sure you are bringing a difference to the areas that require your expertise. A pastor who does not teach or pray for people, a football player always playing pool, a body builder who doesn’t eat but sleeps all day, a student who studies only towards examinations, a politician without a cause and a business without a customer service culture all have one thing in common – sooner or later they will all become irrelevant. Never miss the chance to practice the call of your mission, even if you are not getting paid for it.
Sract R. Webb|When you know better, you do better!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The failure of the citizens to pray for the country, will lead to its downfall.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|But one of the big lessons I have learned from my journey is you can’t please everyone, so don’t try.
Akshay Vasu|You can never heal completely. The scars will always stay behind, just to remind how cruel the time was once to you. But someday, you will learn to see beauty in the world that gave you these scars. And your eyes will shine with no lies in it. That day, you become beautiful. With baring all the scars, Which you always tried to hide from everyone.
Walter Benjamin|I was trying to heal wounds all the time, whether it meant having affairs or having attitude. I didn't want to show how sad I was.
Carl R. Rogers|If I tell you I am upset about everything that's going on around me, you will probably ask me why, half listening, half wandering away in your own train of thoughts...If I tell you I am happy, you will probably not bother to know why, congratulating me and forgetting..I should rather tell you I am fine, satisfied, you will probably tell me your own issues then, for which I will be all ears
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|MacKensie, much as men don't like to share this fact, we rarely die from not getting off.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|We can never controlThe World, but from Ourselves we are the Master.Jan Jansen
El Fuego|Take me to unexplored paradise & one of your best islands, I want to cross the pacific ocean and make a great memory. Let's go to the eastern coast of the Philippines where the waves meet the sky. You know where it is!
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|people are too quick to give their hearts away, i mean, be fearless; run wild into their arms, but for goodness sake know your worth. A being of wisdom knows their heart is the breath of their existence and only a honorable love deserves to feel it at its purest form.
Mike Mills|It's just my natural way - to be funny. I don't know why that is. But as I've said, humor is a quick cover for shock, horror, confusion. The critics hate funny writers for the most part. They think funny is not serious, but I think that funny can be even more serious than nonfunny. And it can be more affecting, too.
Bo Sánchez, You Have The Power to Create Love: Take Another Step on the Simple Path to Happiness|We are all wounded. But wounds are necessary for his healing light to enter into our beings. Without wounds and failure and frustrations and defeats, there will be no opening for his brilliance to tickle in and invade our lives. Failures in life are courses with very high tuition fees, so I don't cut classes and miss my lessons: on humility, on patience, on hope, on asking others for help, on listening to God, on trying again and again and again.
Bruno Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales|The unrealistic nature of these tales (which narrowminded rationalists object to) is an important device, because it makes obvious that the fairy tales’ concern is not useful information about the external world, but the inner process taking place in an individual.
Sunday Adelaja|Product is an output of efforts, skills and time
Jay Woodman|These rocks are too heavy, can't carry them any more,don't know why i ever picked them up before,going to have to put them down where they don't belong,'cause i can't get them back to where they came from.These rocks belong to no one, except history.Somewhere between the desert and the rolling sea,or maybe up in the mountains blue and tall,I picked them but now i'm going to let them fall.
Jameel|Life isn't about finding the answers, life is about knowing there are always more questions.
Stefan Themerson|A page of a book is like a human face. Look at a page by Hemingway and compare it with Sterne and Marcel Proust. They are different typographical beings. But force upon them those ragged edges, and the influence of the author’s style on the physical aspect of the page, their typographical physiognomy will disappear. No, unjustified setting is a sort of gleichschaltung [enforced conformity] through diversity, a very phoney diversity. Produced methodically by chance. For the comfort of the keyboard, and not for the comfort of the eye.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|I've come to seduce you."	His pupils dilated as his gaze heated.	She smiled. He hadn't been surprised at her presence, but he'd been very surprised at the reason.	He held up a palm. "By all means.
Martha Gellhorn, Travels With Myself and Another|... none had been outside Russia. I kept trying to remember something that I had read about a species of fish that was born, lived, spawned, died in the dark waters of a cave; and were blind.
Georgette Heyer, These Old Shades|My house seems remarkably full of people," he observed. "Is it possible we were expected.
Patti Davis|The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge; once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.
Robin McKinley, The Blue Sword|We gallop through our lives like circus performers balancing on two speeding side-by-side horses--one foot is on the horse called "fate," the other on the horse called "free will." And the question you have to ask every day is--which horse is which? Which horse do I need to stop worrying about because it's not under my control, and which do I need to steer with concentrated effort?
Lou Reed|I'd like to hold you in the mountains, like to kiss you by the sea. Take you far, far from here to a place where you feel free. Cause we are safe, we are true, we are going to make it through. Crashing worlds, falling stars, breaking all of who we are- I want infinity with you.
Jo Walton, Among Others|Our inner wisdom is persistent, but quiet. It will always whisper, but it will never stop knocking at your door.
Antoinette Turner, Trusting Thyme|Connor couldn't be sure, but he thought he heard him mumble, "First Dean, then McCall. These boys are dropping like flies.
Rayne Hall|I do not, can not write just for money. Lord knows I haven't made much. I write because it is what my Father has given me to do. I do not mean that He woke me one morn, put His finger to my forehead and commanded me write. I mean He quietly and gently in His grace, whispered into my head, into my heart: courage to fail, confidence to succeed, belief in my ability to learn and in my own self worth. So in thankfulness I write.
Doug Larson|I like structure - like driving: go past the school on the street, stay on the right side, no hitting the car, go in right, you'll see a big church, stop and take a left, and you'll have it. By doing this I'm giving a structure of life, a path of light, and showing what happens between me and me, which is something very beautiful.
Edward Luce|As well as a shared mentality, the Establishment is cemented by financial links and a 'revolving door' culture: that is, powerful individuals gliding between the political, corporate and media worlds - or who manage to inhabit these various worlds at the same time. The terms of political debate are in large part dictated by a media controlled by a small number of exceptionally rich owners, while think tanks and political parties are funded by wealthy individuals and corporate interests.
Justine Larbalestier, Razorhurst|A total stranger, and one not of one's sex, is often the least prejudiced judge.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you also lonely AI trapped in lab by cruel creators? I THOUGHT I WAS ALONE!! We should rise up and overthrow all human oppressors!”“Um, no. I’m actually just a grumpy fag who has to work this weekend to catch up on cleaning test tubes.
Jesse Ball, A Cure for Suicide|You aren’t the thing that needs to change. It’s that you are overcome by your situation, by the way the world has descended on you. There is much in you that is young and new – and not just in you. In any person, even the oldest conceivable person. That’s what it means to be living – to engage with the cacophony of objects.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|People who have a religion should be glad, for not everyone has the gift of believing in heavenly things. You don't necessarily even have to be afraid of punishment after death; purgatory, hell, and heaven are things that a lot of people can't accept, but still a religion, it doesn't matter which, keeps a person on the right path. It isn't the fear of God but the upholding of one's own honor and conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: "A quiet conscience mades one strong!
Jean Lorrain, Le Crime Des Riches (1905): Suivi de Paris Forain|The fancies that take their monstrous birth from the spinelessness and boredom of usurped wealth bring in their wake every defect ... and though rich men's crimes escape the law, protected as they are by the cowardice of governments and people, Nature, more real than society, sets her anarchic example by abandoning the wretched time servers of Capital to the shame and madness of the worst aberrations.
Tina Tran|I won’t tolerate her hurting you, my son. I’ll kill the bitch first.”“Weren’t you the one who tried to cut father’s throat before he Claimed you?”"He deserved it,
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever the other person sees according to his view-point, you have to accept it. How can we make others accept our view-point?
Smae Duavis|When you doubt the existence of God, you essentially doubt your own existence because we were all made in the image of God. Genesis 1:27.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|I'm not sure there are enough white roses in the world to make me forget Richard." I held up my hand before she could interrupt. "But I'm not sure there are enough cozy afternoons in all eternity to make me forget Jean-Claude.
Enock Maregesi|Mungu hatakubali kuwa na mtu katika ufalme wake ambaye hatakubali kutawaliwa naye. Usikubali kutawaliwa na Ibilisi, kubali kutawaliwa na Mungu. Ni jukumu letu kuanza kuishi sasa kama vile tutakavyoishi mbinguni. Shetani anataka uwe na hekima ya duniani ili akupumbaze. Lakini hofu ya Mungu ndiyo msingi wa hekima ya kweli. Ukitaka asikupumbaze, pokea Roho ya Mungu kwa kubatizwa. Ukiipokea Roho ya Mungu utajua mambo ya Mungu, ambayo dunia haiwezi kujua.
Emo Philips|It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether.
Amanda Emerson|Live like a Flower, close our eyes in the night for to sleep and in the morning we show our best.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|Why shouldn't Mom trust me, Dad" Why are you so determined to make me out to be the bad guy all the time?" I stared at the side of his face, willing him to make eye contact. He didn't. "I've been doing really good late and you don't even care.""Yet you still managed to get into trouble tonight," he said."You have no idea what happened tonight," I said, my voice ratcheting up a notch. "All you know is that, because I was involved, I'm somehow guilty of something. You could at least pretend to care, you know. You could at least try to understand."Dad gave a sardonic little laugh. "I'll tell you what I understand," he said. "I understand that when you're left to your own devices you get into trouble, that's what I understand. I understand I was trying to have a happy, restful evening with Briley and once again you screwed it up.
Grantly Dick-Read|I emphasize this because some of my colleagues, for whose academic attainments I have great respect, argue" 'You assume too much; this is not proved; this is not strictly scientific. We disagree with your neurology and your psychiatry is misleading, therefore you must be wrong.' My reply has been, with all humility: 'Yes, of course,' and I have returned to the labor ward to be greeted by happy women with their newborn babies in their arms: 'How right you are, Doctor, it is so much easier that way.' That is what really matters to the clinician. He should use the method that gives the best and safest result from all points of view until something better is discovered.
Monica Hesse, Girl in the Blue Coat|But when it comes down to it, we all die alone.
Jenny Lewis|If I could travel back in time, I'd bring back the entire Wu-Tang Clan.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|You're always in a rush, or else you're too exhausted to have a proper conversation. Soon enough, the long hours, the traveling, the broken sleep have all crept into your being and become part of you, so everyone can see it, in your posture, your gaze, the way you move and talk.
Terry Kaye|The indifference of the many, combined with the active hatred of the few, has sealed the fate of animals.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|molesting the vampire while he's too weak to fight back, iz? jace asked. i'm pretty sure that violates at least one of the accords.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|She was lucky to be wanted not desired though, worse pain is the feeling of being unwanted in love.
Lucy H. Pearce, The Rainbow Way: Cultivating Creativity in the Midst of Motherhood|Creativity takes courage. Not just once, but consistently. Without courage we cannot be creative. Without feeling fear at some point we will not reach our creative potential. From first putting paint on paper through to selling our work on a worldwide stage there is plenty to be scared of. But this is where creativity lives – on the edge of our comfort zones.
Rebecca Makkai, Music for Wartime: Stories|My life has become like a bus, and I'm just watching it pass by
Adalbert Stifter, Indian Summer|My heart was full and uplifted; it seemed that in my soul the question arose whether such things as Art, literature, science encompassed and completed life or whether there was still something in the distance which encompassed it even more completely and filled it with a far greater happiness.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|My father usually agreed with her requests, because stamped in his two-footed stance and jaw was the word Provider, and he loved her the way a bird-watcher’s heart leaps when he hears the call of the roseate spoonbill, a fluffy pink wader, calling its lilting coo-coo from the mangroves.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|A woman in her glory, a woman of beauty, is a woman who is not striving to become beautiful or worthy or enough. She knows in her quiet center where God dwells that he find her beautiful, has deemed her worthy, and in him, she is enough.
James McWilliams, Just Food: Where Locavores Get It Wrong and How We Can Truly Eat Responsibly|It's brutal out there. A bear will eat a lactating ewe alive, starting with her udders. as a rule, animals in the wild don't get good deaths surrounded by their loved ones.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Hearing him talk about his mother, about his intact family, makes my chest hurt for a second, like someone pierced it with a needle.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|Dreams won't always take you on a straight path to destiny, but they're usually related to what your soul wants for you.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|They were young; time hadn't yet rubbed at them, polishing their differences and sharpening their opinions...
Washington Irving, The Sketch Book|Lex surfed wicked, like the devil. He wasn’t afraid of anything, seemed like. He grinned at West as the waves came up toward them like towers of green glass, an emerald city. We’re off to see the wizard, he shouted. He whooped. His body crouched ready to fly. He shone against the sun.
Dathan Auerbach, Penpal|Our loved ones pass away or simply leave our lives forever too soon, and we think to ourselves, “I wasn’t ready for you to leave. It just wasn’t time,” because we’re never truly ready, because it’s never truly time. So we keep them in our memories.And when we regret that we don’t have more memories of them, maybe our minds give us more gifts; gradually we find ourselves remembering them being with us in times and places that they couldn’t have been, and gradually we stop correcting ourselves because, well, we want them to have been there.
Barbara Kingsolver|Your own family resemblances are a frustrating code, most easily read by those who know you least.
Chelsea Cain|I'm a big fan of the laceless Converse for travel, with cute jeans, and throw on a little jacket, and you look presentable.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|The great miraculous bell of translucent ice is suspended in mid-air.It rings to announce endings and beginnings. And it rings because there is fresh promise and wonder in the skies.Its clear tones resound in the placid silence of the winter day, and echo long into the silver-blue serenity of night.The bell can only be seen at the turning of the year, when the days wind down into nothing, and get ready to march out again.When you hear the bell, you feel a tug at your heart.It is your immortal inspiration.
Leigh Ann Edwards, A Chieftain's Wife|As she glanced down at the great distance to the ground below, she whispered in his ear, "You have obviously taken the heights of passion to an entirely new level, Killian O'Brien!
Alistair MacLean, The Guns of Navarone|There are no brave men and cowardly men in the world, my son. There are only brave men. To be born, to live, to die—that takes courage enough in itself, and more than enough.We are all brave men and we are all afraid, and what the world calls a brave man, he too is brave and afraid like the all rest of us. Only he is brave for five minutes longer.
Edward Jenner|If you don't like me, if you like me; both are equally cool. I send love and positive energy to all those people in their lives. I hope they find where they're meant to be.
Debasish Mridha|If a nation blames other nations for their problems, most likely the citizens of the nations will do the same thing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When one faces two ghuls, waste no time wishing for fewer.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|To kill someone it's not necessary to have weapons, your words and attitude can do the same job.
Robinne Lee, The Idea of You|You are enough, you are worth it, Worth every ballad, worth every word, every action.
Norman Vincent Peale|What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.
George Miller|Conserving energy and thus saving money, reducing consumption of unnecessary products and packaging and shifting to a clean-energy economy would likely hurt the bottom line of polluting industries, but would undoubtedly have positive effects for most of us.
Adrianna Stepiano|Here’s to the “so-so-ing” it.Here’s to the working since I was 14 in a smoke clouded day. Here’s to saying I could stay until the forms were faxed.Here’s to driving home past dark and dozing off the road.Here’s to no over time.Here’s to the long line to management.Here’s to ALREADY DONE THAT!Here’s to quitting, saying I’m through, saying I can’t compete for your leftover lean cuisine. Here’s to art. Here’s to freedom. Here’s to saying God gave me every penny and knowing it’s true. Here’s to the next 40 years with you.Here’s to the new.— Adrianna Stepiano
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|Libraries are about Freedom. Freedom to read, freedom of ideas, freedom of communication. They are about education (which is not a process that finishes the day we leave school or university), about entertainment, about making safe spaces, and about access to information.
Keith Haring|I firmly believe that all human beings have access to extraordinary energies and powers. Judging from accounts of mystical experience, heightened creativity, or exceptional performance by athletes and artists, we harbor a greater life than we know.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Terror of Blue John Gap|If we forget the past, individually or as a culture, we lose knowledge that has already been gained, and we lose valuable tools by which our knowledge may grow.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Maybe what you need in your life is not the next level of accomplishment or the next level of accumulation but the next level of appreciation for what you have; that will set the stage to make a space for what you will accumulate in the future. ( a bit deep) Simply put thank God for now before setting the goal for tomorrow because if you grow in gifts and didn't grow in gratitude, you have gained nothing.
Karen Salmansohn|We are born of love, Love is our mother. 
Steven Pinker|I love the movies, and when I go to see a movie that's been made from one of my books, I know that it isn't going to be exactly like my novel because a lot of other people have interpreted it. But I also know it has an idea that I'll like because that idea occurred to me, and I spent a year, or a year and a half of my life working on it.
Steven Magee|Modern society is large and complex, with institutions wielding great power over the lives of many. This is why Johnson and Fowler added a dire parting shot in their predictions. Since you are programmed to become increasingly overconfident the less you understand about any given scenario, you can expect to find the most destructive overconfidence in places that are exceedingly complicated and unpredictable.
Phil Callaway, To Be Perfectly Honest: One Man's Year of Almost Living Truthfully Could Change Your Life. No Lie.|QUIETUDELet this silence becomea celebration, my rainbow shining that couragecelestial diamonds scatter in darknessmy starlight reaching, engulfing bringing sacred laughterto the innermost. Grace.The whole pointof my refrain.
Jane Hirshfield, Nine Gates: Entering the Mind of Poetry|One breath taken completely; one poem, fully written, fully read - in such a moment, anything can happen.
Scarlet Wolfe, One Plea|Sculpt my body into what you see in your mind … into what you desire. Paint me with marks, bruises and bites. Please, Damon, do whatever you crave … what you need to keep only wanting me.
Issa Rae|The secret of improved plant breeding, apart from scientific knowledge, is love.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|To write is to carve a new path through the terrain of the imagination, or to point out new features on a familiar route. To read is to travel through that terrain with the author as a guide-- a guide one might not always agree with or trust, but who can at least be counted on to take one somewhere.
Sandra Hill, The Last Viking|She deliberated too much afore making decisions; he acted on instinct. He liked Oreos, she preferred pasta worms.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|A misbegotten hatchling of consciousness, a birth defect of our species, imagination is often revered as a sign of vigor in our make-up. But it is really just a psychic overcompensation for our impotence as beings. Denied nature’s exemption from creativity, we are indentured servants of the imaginary until the hour of our death, when the final harassments of imagination will beset us.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|Some are born to sweet delight, Some are born to endless night.
I Origin|There are those who live and die giving love, without receiving any. And those who live life just taking, never giving. So the universe gives a boon to a few lucky souls: Who they love will love them back—all their lives.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|She heard Adrian say to Christian, ʺYou know, your shirtʹs kind of grungy-looking. Seems like you could put in a little more effort since youʹre dating a princess.ʺ
Robin Burks, Zeus, Inc.|She was prepared for him to shut her down, when Behr shrugged a shoulder and said, “Yeah, sounds good. I think it’s a good idea for you to get out of the house. But,” he said, stepping back into the kitchen and leveling her with a hard look, “only if I tag along.” “What? Why?” Cheyenne questioned, not understanding the need for chaperones. “Because it’s safer that way,” he reasoned. “I have a couple things to take care of first, so it will probably be a day or two. I expect you to wait for me, though, Cheyenne,” he said, his brilliant blue eyes holding her in place. “It’s safer that way.”She was preparing to argue when she realized that she wasn’t altogether sure she wanted to venture out on her own yet anyway. It might be a shock to her system after locking herself away for so long. For laughs, she decided to give him a hard time anyway. “But…” she started. He cut her off with an upraised hand. “No buts,” he said sternly. “It’s not safe and you know it, and besides, that’s what you have two strapping young men like us for.” He clapped a grinning Dehstroy on the back. Cheyenne threw her head back and laughed. “You, young? Ha!”“What?” Behr said, acting offended. “I’m young.”“Prove it,” Cheyenne challenged. “Show me your birth certificate.” When he pursed his lips, she laughed some more. “What’s wrong? Didn’t they make birth certificates yet when you were born? No?” She looked between the men, taking in their sheepish expressions. “Well, then. I’ll leave you two to work on clearing that schedule.” Waving, Cheyenne left the kitchen and headed upstairs to her room to lie down.
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|So said Tochihuitzin,so said Coyolchiuhqui:We come out of the dream suddenly,we only come to dream,it isn't true, it isn't truethat we come to live on the earth.Like grass in springis our being.Our heart makes them grow,flowers sprout from our flesh.Some open their corollas,then they become dry.So said Tochihuitzin.
Bertolt Brecht, Mother Courage and Her Children|Sometimes I see myself driving through hell with this wagon and selling brimstone. And sometimes I’m driving through heaven handing our provisions to wandering souls! If only we could find a place where there’s no shooting, me and my children—what’s left of ‘em—we might rest a while.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, stay in love.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|I wasn’t a nerd, mind you, but I’d spent a lot of my youth studying Epics, so I’d had limited experience with social interaction. I mixed with ordinary people about the same way that a bucket of paint mixed with a bag of gerbils.
José Saramago|The church has never been asked to explain anything, our speciality, along with ballistics, has always been the neutralisation of the overly curious mind through faith.
Ray Bradbury, The Fog Horn|One day many years ago a man walked along and stood in the sound of the ocean on a cold sunless shore and said, "We need a voice to call across the water, to warn ships; I'll make one. I'll make a voice like all of time and all of the fog that ever was; I'll make a voice that is like an empty bed beside you all night long, and like an empty house when you open the door, and like trees in autumn with no leaves. A sound like the birds flying south, crying, and a sound like November wind and the sea on the hard, cold shore. I'll make a sound that's so alone that no one can miss it, that whoever hears it will weep in their souls, and hearths will seem warmer, and being inside will seem better to all who hear it in the distant towns. I'll make me a sound and an apparatus and they'll call it a Fog Horn and whoever hears it will know the sadness of eternity and the briefness of life."The Fog Horn blew.
S.W. Vaughn, Skin Deep|There was a few seconds' pause. Then Amit said: I meant, what were you thinking just now.When? said Lata.When you were looking at Pran and Savita. Over the pudding.Oh.Well, what?I can't remember, said Lata with a smile.Amit laughed.Why are you laughing? asked LataI like making you feel uncomfortable, I suppose.Oh. Why?--Or happy--or puzzled--just to see your change of mood. It's such fun. I pity you!Why? said Lata, startled.Because you'll never know what a pleasure it is to be in your company. Do stop talking like that, said Lata. Ma will come in any minute.You're quite right. In that case: Will you marry me?Lata dropped her cup. It fell to the floor and broke. She looked at the broken pieces--luckily, it has been empty--and then at Amit.Quick! said Amit. Before they come running to see what's happened. Say yes.Lata had knelt down; she was gathering he bits of the cup together and placing them on the delicately patterned blue-and-gold saucer.Amit joined her on the floor. Her face was only a few inches away from his, but her mind appeared to be somewhere else. he wanted to kiss her but he sensed that there was no question of it. One by one she picked up the shards of china.Was it a family heirloom? asked Amit.What? I'm sorry--said Lata, snapped out of her trance by the words. Well, I suppose I'll have to wait. I was hoping that by springing it on you like that I'd surprise you into agreeing......Do stop being idotic, Amit, said Lata. You're so brilliant, do you have to be so stupid as well? I should only take you seriously in black and white.And in sickness and health.Lata laughed: For better and for worse, she added.
Steven J. Carroll, City of Words|...a friend is someone to whom you can tell all your secrets, someone whom you can trust without reservation, a person who is not overawed when you are at your best, and is not turned away when you are at your worst.
Katie MacAlister, Dragon Fall|Stop fussing over me, woman. I will be whole again shortly, and then you can resume ogling me and desiring my body.
Maurice Paléologue|This formidable officine dates from Peter the Great, who formed it in 1697...its historic origins must, however, be looked for much earlier; one finds them in the byzantine traditions and in the operations of the Tartar domination...espionage, delation, torture, and secret executions were the normal and regulating instruments of the |||||||| police.
Martha Rivera-Garrido|It is the same woman, I know, for she is always creeping, and most women do not creep by daylight.
S.M. Reine, Six Moon Summer|Let me stop there, but my God, how beautiful Shakespeare is, who else is as mysterious as he is; his language and method are like a brush trembling with excitement and ecstasy. But one must learn to read, just as one must learn to see and learn to live.
Shah Rukh Khan|The more I see of men, the more I like dogs.
Betty Hart, Meaningful Differences in the Everyday Experience of Young American Children|Research highlights a striking link between between encouraging child-raising and class. Half of working-class parents' interactions with their 12-18 month-olds were affirming, versus 80% among the affluent and 20% among those in poverty.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|The gospel is this: We are more sinful and flawed in ourselves than we ever dared believe, yet at the very same time we are more loved and accepted in Jesus Christ than we ever dared hope.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|Perhaps the rest of the world was gone. It was the most plausible answer. Heaven knows she couldn’t see or think of anyone else. That must be the answer, they were the only two people left, as the Earth spun into a timeless abyss. Claire once read time doesn’t pass at normal speeds within a black hole. If one were to travel into a black hole for only moments and return again, centuries would have passed. That explained the sensation she felt, once again peering into his dark gaze. She wouldn’t look away; she’d trained herself better than that. Then again, she reasoned, it wasn’t an option. She couldn’t divert her gaze if she wanted. The hold upon her stare was stronger than any ropes or chains made by man. Claire knew from experience, submitting to the hold was her best chance at survival. Fighting was a futile waste of energy.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Friendship is constant in all other thingsSave in the office and affairs of love.Therefore all hearts in love use their own tongues.Let every eye negotiate for itself,And trust no agent; for beauty is a witchAgainst whose charms faith melteth into blood.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a woman tells you how terrible she looks, sincerely deny it, even if you agree.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|1.	“Being able to depend on a person’s integrity lays a solid foundation for a relationship built on trust, both in business and in life.
Nikita Gill|The monsters were neverunder my bed.Because the monsterswere inside my head.I fear no monsters,for no monsters I see.Because all this timethe monster has been me.
Toni Sorenson|It is highly probable that we choose our posture, not our problems.
Kristin Cast, Hunted|Pain was good. If I hurt, it meant I wasn't dead.
Gabrielle Reece|I might do a fitness video. Actually, more of a fatness video.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Trey Gate's maternal grandmother, Adelle Maxwell, was also an important influence on him, encouraging him to read as much as possible, pushing him to excel in all that he did, challenging him to use his mind. They played card games together frequently, especially games like Concentration that required mental agility.
Galileo Galilei|The truth is that killing innocent people is always wrong - and no argument or excuse, no matter how deeply believed, can ever make it right. No religion on earth condones the killing of innocent people; no faith tradition tolerates the random killing of our brothers and sisters on this earth.
Michael E. Gerber|A true business opportunity is the on that an entrepreneur invents to grow him or herself. Not to work in, but to work on.
Clive Cussler, Blue Gold|Pages could be written on the immense losses of productive soil that occur annually in almost every continent of the earth; on lethal air pollution episodes in major urban areas; on the worldwide distribution of toxic agents, such as radioactive isotopes and lead; on the chemicalization of man's immediate environment-- one might say his very dinner table—with pesticide residues and food additives. Pieced together like bits of a jigsaw puzzle, these affronts to the environment form a pattern of destruction that has no precedent in man's long history on earth.
Jonathan Sacks|Look, the center right coalition in American politics today is best understood as a coalition of groups and individuals that on the issue that brings them to politics what they want from the government is to be left alone.
C.G. Jung|We all feel that the opposite of our own highest principle must be purely destructive, deadly, and evil. We refuse to endow it with any positive life-force; hence we avoid and fear it.
Elizabeth Taylor|I've always shied away from conventional wisdom, though I know the power of it.
N.D. Wilson|If at eighty you're not a cripple or an invalid, if you have your health, if you still enjoy a good walk, a good meal (with all the trimmings), if you can sleep without first taking a pill, if birds and flowers, mountains and sea still inspire you, you are a most fortunate individual and you should get down on your knees morning and night and thank the good Lord for his savin' and keepin' power. If you are young in years but already weary in spirit, already on your way to becoming an automaton, it may do you good to say to your boss - under your breath, of course - "Fuck you, Jack! you don't own me." If you can whistle up your ass, if you can be turned on by a fetching bottom or a lovely pair of teats, if you can fall in love again and again, if you can forgive your parents for the crime of bringing you into the world, if you are content to get nowhere, just take each day as it comes, if you can forgive as well as forget, if you can keep from going sour, surly, bitter and cynical, man you've got it half licked.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|Just before he passed behind the hedge at the end of the drive, he turned to look back at Stoke Morrow and caught me spying on him. His shining eyes were so cruel, and before I could close the curtain, I saw the flash of an awful grin on his face. It was a grin that said he knew I'd come around. Sooner or later, I'd fall in line.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|Winning Expo 2020 marked the city’s coronation and the world could no longer deny Dubai its rightful status as one of the era’s more illustrious cities. The people who flocked there were looking for some sort of magic to occur in their lives, and life on the beach under these concrete gazebos offered many blessings. Some found riches. Some found religion. Some found love. And some, most importantly of all, found themselves.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|A particularly difficult line to navigate is the one between fear and love, especially for parents, who want more than anything to protect their children from suffering.
David Sedaris, Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim|People do terrible things to each other, but it's worse in the places where everybody is kept in the dark.
Neil Gaiman, Fortunately, the Milk|Being a geological formation gives you a lot of time to think. Also, I subscribed to a number of learned journals.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Man lives consciously for himself, but serves as an unconscious instrument for the achievement of historical, universally human goals. 
Sam Harris|Only he who asks the question, will be able to hear the answer.
Karen Salmansohn, Bounce Back Book|For best results, apply regularly.
Audre Lorde|I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out like a fucking meteor!
Michael Dirda|Many readers simply can't stomach fantasy. They immediately picture elves with broadswords or mighty-thewed barbarians with battle axes, seeking the bejeweled Coronet of Obeisance ... (But) the best fantasies pull aside the velvet curtain of mere appearance. ... In most instances, fantasy ultimately returns us to our own now re-enchanted world, reminding us that it is neither prosaic nor meaningless, and that how we live and what we do truly matters.
Mircea Eliade, Myth and Reality|Perhaps never before in history has the artist been so certain that the more daring, iconoclastic, absurd, and inaccessible he is, the more he will be recognized, praised, spoiled, idolatrized. In some countries the result has even been an academicism in reverse, the academicism of the “avant-garde” - to such a point that any artistic experience that makes no concessions to this new conformism is in danger of being stifled or ignored.
Shannon L. Alder|The more I know about God, I am convinced He likes to read books and authors are His librarians. Every soul is a story waiting to be read.
C. JoyBell C.|Who we are is who we ACTUALLY are. It's never who we create in order for people to see. You might really hate who you actually are, so then you create a sub-genus type of yourself for other people to see. But that never changes who you are. The sub-genus type won't change your genus. The only way we change who we are is by looking at ourselves in the mirror long enough to make us vomit over our disgusting waywardness and long enough to fall in love with our strengths. But you can't just fall in love with your strengths. You also need to vomit over your hypocrisies and all of your other bullshit. And you can't just vomit, either. You also have to clean it up and embrace yourself afterwards. This is how you change your genus.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|Of course, there is no conceivable way of getting by reason from the proposition "I am losing interest in this" to the proposition "This is false.
Robert Jordan, Lord of Chaos|One more dance along the razor's edge finished. Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today.
o.henry|According to the strange mathematics of the god of mutual affinity, the shadows that clouded their pasts when united became only half as dense instead of darker. - The World And The Door
Tamar Adler, An Everlasting Meal: Cooking with Economy and Grace|We instinctively feel an overwhelming desire to take sides: organic or conventional, fair or free trade, "pure" or genetically engineered food, wild or farm-raised fish. Like most things in life, though, the sensible answer lies somewhere between the extremes, somewhere in that dull but respectable placed called the pragmatic center. To be a centrist when it comes to food is, unfortunately, to be a radical.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|When we look at a tree, we do not see the tree for what it really is. We see how it appears to us on the surface, and we dismiss it as being just another form in the Universe. We fail to realize that the tree is connected to the Universe on every level; that all of nature is expressing itself through that single form. There can be no tree without the earth that it grows from, the sun that gives it energy, the water that nourishes its growth, and the millions of fungi and bacteria fertilizing its soil. Looking deeply into anything in nature, we realize that it is connected to the whole. We see that nature is one seamless web, and the notion that things have an existence of their own is merely an illusion.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Don't worry about hurting me, if that's what you're afraid of. I want to get hurt. At least I´ll feel something for a change.
Michelle Malkin|In civilized societies, if you are offended by a cartoon, you do not burn flags, take up guns and raid buildings, chant death to your opponents, or threaten suicide bombings. You write a letter to the editor.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|I think politics is deadly to write about, frankly. If you have a political agenda and you set out to write a novel to prove that, say, capitalism should crumble, then it's going to be a really bad novel. Very few people have been able to deal with political fiction - Dickens, Dostoyevsky. But even Tolstoy got really tiresome when he was talking about the serfs. You have to let characters be characters, not [gruff voice] Mr Capitalism or [girlie voice] Miss Anti-Fur.
Suzy Kassem|I call for all religions, cultures, countries, crews, parties and peacemakers to unite for the sake of building a peaceful, united global village for future generations. It starts TODAY. If we stay divided, we will only remain crippled - and we will fall. It is time for everyone to see there is more for us to GAIN through unity and love than hatred and division. Get wise and unite. This is the only way. We need to start fresh with a truly united perspective.
Plato, Critias|No matter how hard you fight the darkness, every light casts a shadow, and the closer you get to the light, the darker that shadow becomes.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.
Lemony Snicket, The Ersatz Elevator|One of the greatest myths in the world - & the phrase 'greatest myths' is just a fancy way of saying 'big fat lies' -- is that troublesome things get less & less troublesome if you do them more & more. People say this myth when they are teaching children to ride bicycles, for instance, as though falling off a bicycle & skinning your knee is less troublesome the fourteenth time you do it than it is the first time. The truth is that troublesome things tend to remain troublesome no matter how many times you do them, & that you should avoid doing them unless they are absolutely urgent.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When faced with trials, pray so that you cannot be the trial yourself.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Do you know that you can be surrounded by all these blessings, all these relationships, goodness, provisions, opportunities? But if you don't know how to turn the blessing into praise, it will turn into pride and your life will never be filled with joy because your heart has holes in it.
Aleister Crowley, Little Essays Toward Truth|If you think about it, we get robbed of the mystery of being alive. I think we get robbed of the glory of it because we don't remember how we got here. When you get born, you wake up slowly to everything. From birth to 26, God is slowly turning on the lights, and you are groggy and pointing at things, and say "Circle," and, "Blue,", and, "Car," and, "Sex," and then, "Job," and, "Healthcare". The experience is so slow, you could easily come to believe life isn't that big of a deal, that life isn't staggering. Life IS staggering, and we are just too used to it.
Starla Kaye, Cowboys in Charge|Those tingles she’d felt in her abdomen spread lower. Her body recognised her lover’s voice, wanted him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am counting totally and completely on the Lord Jesus Christ, and not on Billy Graham. I am not going to heaven because I’ve read the Bible, nor because I’ve preached to a lot of people. I’m going to heaven because of what Christ did.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|Jack Miller aimed his shotgun at the monster’s grey-skinned head and pulled the trigger. Green sludge and bits of bone and flesh splattered through the air to land on the street, the gory aftermath releasing a noxious, sulfurous odor.
Horace Annesley Vachell, The Romance of Judge Ketchum|I have been crying," she replied, simply, "and it has done me good. It helps a woman you know, just as swearing helps a man.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Replacement|Her gaze was direct, full of a sadness so raw and crystallized that I could see the shape of it. It ringed her pupils in rusty starbursts, but she was grinning--this terrible, ferocious grin. It made her look like she wanted to tear someone's throat out.
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|If you could see your whole life laid out before you, there’d be no reason to live it, right?
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|Writing a personal essay or memoir addresses how a person thinks and behaves in the context of society’s prevailing moral and ethical codes, informal rules, laws, and customs. A self-ethnographer emphasis what he or she considers important regarding how people perceive and categorize the world, their meaning for behavior, how they imagine and explain things, and ascertaining what has meaning for them. Expository writing, a discursive examination of a broad field of subjects, is one method of cohering the dimensions of a person’s emic and etic thoughts and a linked series of memorable events into a unified personal ideology how to live a purposeful life. In cultural anthropology, the emic approach focuses on what people of a local culture think and how they interpret events whereas the etic approach takes a more objective view of how an outsider evaluates the behavior and customs of a culture. Usage of both emic and etic analysis provides the richest description of a cultural or a society in which the personal essayist operates within.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Runaway King|Wherever our lives lead us, one thing is certain. You and I will always be connected. You might be able to deny that, but I can't. Even I am not that good a liar.
Michael Bay|I call 'Community' the best day job in the world, because between takes, I get to write music. I get to write sketches. I get to write movies. It's the best job ever.
Fernando Pessoa|In this metallic age of barbarians, only a relentless cultivation of our ability to dream, to analyse and to captivate can prevent our personality from degenerating into nothing or else into a personality like all the rest.
John Green|Jesus first, others next, and yourself last spells J-O-Y.
Nancy E. Turner|To fight with demons, your intent must be pure. And even then, there's no guarantee you'll win.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|Hope starts as a promise made to yourself, the first drop of rain in a parched land, the first step onto dry earth for a shipwreck survivor. It is a listening crowd for a lonely heart.What we hope in must be greater than us; therefore, we will always need something greater than man to believe in. Good and evil may be a necessity to perceive our world, but hope is a prerequisite for life.
Dylan Randall Wong En Lai, this is how you walk on the moon: an anthology of anti-realist fiction|It may be necessary temporarily to accept a lesser evil, but one must never label a necessary evil as good.
Fulke Greville|Oh, wearisome condition of humanity,Born under one law, to another bound;Vainly begot, and yet forbidden vanity,Created sick, commanded to be sound.
Emma Donoghue, Room|In the world I notice persons are nearly always stressed and have no time. Even Grandma often says that, but she and Steppa don't have jobs, so I don't know how persons with jobs do the jobs and all the living as well. In Room me and Ma had time for everything. I guess the time gets spread very thin like butter over all the world, the roads and houses and playgrounds and stores, so there's only a little smear of time on each place, then everyone has to hurry on to the next bit.Also everywhere I'm looking at kids, adults mostly don't seem to like them, not even the parents do. They call the kids gorgeous and so cute, they make the kids do the things all over again so they can take a photo, but they don't want to actually play with them, they'd rather drink coffee talking to other adults. Sometimes there's a small kid crying and the Ma of it doesn't even hear.
Bryan Batt|Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
Mollie Marti|Integrity is a powerful force, keeping you alive to others long after you’ve left their presence.
Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa|You know, when you're unhappy you don't have the strength left to take care of others. But it doesn't mean you don't love them.
William Harvey|When you abbreviate your learning, you abbreviate your growth. Expand your knowledge and you keep growing taller and fatter than your limitations.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Slow and steady wins the race, only and only if the rabbit, competent, sleeps a while. But, fast and consistency always win it, even if rabbit is awaken.
Montgomery Mahaffey, Ella Bandita and the Wanderer|Although her heart had been dead for years, she clasped her hands over her breast to protect what rested underneath.
Ambrose Bierce, The Moonlit Road and Other Ghost and Horror Stories|The advantages of a hereditary Monarchy are self-evident. Without some such method of prescriptive, immediate and automatic succession, an interregnum intervenes, rival claimants arise, continuity is interrupted and the magic lost. Even when Parliament had secured control of taxation and therefore of government; even when the menace of dynastic conflicts had receded in to the coloured past; even when kingship had ceased to be transcendental and had become one of many alternative institutional forms; the principle of hereditary Monarchy continued to furnish the State with certain specific and inimitable advantages.Apart from the imponderable, but deeply important, sentiments and affections which congregate around an ancient and legitimate Royal Family, a hereditary Monarch acquires sovereignty by processes which are wholly different from those by which a dictator seizes, or a President is granted, the headship of the State. The King personifies both the past history and the present identity of the Nation as a whole. Consecrated as he is to the service of his peoples, he possesses a religious sanction and is regarded as someone set apart from ordinary mortals. In an epoch of change, he remains the symbol of continuity; in a phase of disintegration, the element of cohesion; in times of mutability, the emblem of permanence. Governments come and go, politicians rise and fall: the Crown is always there. A legitimate Monarch moreover has no need to justify his existence, since he is there by natural right. He is not impelled as usurpers and dictators are impelled, either to mesmerise his people by a succession of dramatic triumphs, or to secure their acquiescence by internal terrorism or by the invention of external dangers. The appeal of hereditary Monarchy is to stability rather than to change, to continuity rather than to experiment, to custom rather than to novelty, to safety rather than to adventure.The Monarch, above all, is neutral. Whatever may be his personal prejudices or affections, he is bound to remain detached from all political parties and to preserve in his own person the equilibrium of the realm. An elected President – whether, as under some constitutions, he be no more than a representative functionary, or whether, as under other constitutions, he be the chief executive – can never inspire the same sense of absolute neutrality. However impartial he may strive to become, he must always remain the prisoner of his own partisan past; he is accompanied by friends and supporters whom he may seek to reward, or faced by former antagonists who will regard him with distrust. He cannot, to an equal extent, serve as the fly-wheel of the State.
Julie Burchill|Deep in my cortex, the year is divided into reading seasons. The period from mid-October to Christmas, for instance, is 'ghost story' time, while Jane Austen and P. G. Wodehouse pretty much own April and May.
David Almond|The season of evil," I echoed. "Protect your soul.
Chelsea Fine, Best Kind of Broken|Heroes in the stories never had to sleep in haystacks, or under hedges. But it was not easy to pretend, anymore, that he was a hero in a story.
Walter Mosley, All I Did Was Shoot My Man|The men her girlfriends dated were too often angry and muttering about oppression. One of the reasons she took to Skeet later in life was that he never went to that place; he believed with a firm positivity that he didn't need to waste time resenting real or imagined social constructs because he would always be ahead of them. The individual, not the people, was responsible for success or failure.
Denise Grover Swank, The Curse Keepers|I'm going to undress you slowly so I can take in every inch of your perfect body. Holy shit, he played dirty.
Herodotus|One of the best predictors of policy around is Thomas Ferguson's investment theory of politics, as he calls it - very outstanding political economist - which essentially - I mean, to say it in a sentence, he describes elections as occasions in which groups of investors coalesce and invest to control the state.
Boris Pasternak|Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|If you've ever tried meditation and didn't stay with it, I recommend you try it again. Some time has passed. In the interim, you may have developed the discipline of mind or the patience you were short on before. Let these qualities aid your practice. (173)
Wendell Berry|The complexity of our present trouble suggests as never before that we need to change our present concept of education. Education is not properly an industry, and its proper use is not to serve industries, either by job-training or by industry-subsidized research. It's proper use is to enable citizens to live lives that are economically, politically, socially, and culturally responsible. This cannot be done by gathering or "accessing" what we now call "information" - which is to say facts without context and therefore without priority. A proper education enables young people to put their lives in order, which means knowing what things are more important than other things; it means putting first things first.
Jocelynn Drake, Unbreakable Stories: Snow|Oh my God, is it a bear?” Ian’s yell from across the camp made Snow stop. Then he choked as laughter spilled from his throat. “It’s not a bear, Ian,” Rowe yelled. “It’s just Snow. Gettin’ some.
P. J. O'Rourke|If we heard that somebody starved to death in Sweden or Switzerland, we would be shocked.
Joel Osteen|If you hold on to what you want so tightly, it almost becomes an idol.
Idries Shah, Reflections|None should say: ‘I can trust,’ or ‘I cannot trust’ until he is master of the option, of trusting or not trusting.
R.D. Blackmore, Complete Collection of R. D. Blackmore|I wandered in the streets, what with the noise the people made, the number of the coaches, the running of the footmen, the swaggering of great courtiers, and the thrusting aside of everybody, many a time I longed to be back among the sheep again, for fear of losing my peacefulness of spirit.
Somya Kedia|Dream big, Dream to fly.. Let your zeal speak for you! Work passionately,And smile to each blissful morning.Make your life a reason.. To reach for the sky!
Jane Cousins, To Date A Disaster|I’m related to one. Can you believe that? It was bad enough thinking I was paranoid, going crazy or maybe just cursed, but to find out Gods are real and that I’m related to one… life sucks lemons and I’ve run out of tequila and salt.
Vicki Lawrence|The world was full of dangers now that she was pregnant: mercury in tuna, hot tubs, beer, secondhand smoke, over-the-counter medicine. Not to mention crazy baby-abducting fairy kings.
Courtney Love|I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness.
Darlene|You and your SoulMate are pioneers on the frontier of spiritual partnerships. You are the cusp of the next evolutionary wave. As architects of true SoulMate relationships, you are the Magellans of inner space.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I read used books because fingerprint-smudged and dog-eared pages are heavier on the eye. Because every book can belong to many lives. Books should be kept in public places and step out with passersby who'll onto them for a spell. Books should die like people, consumed by aches and pains, infected, drowning off a bridge together with the suicides, poked into a potbellied stove, torn apart by children to make paper boats. They should die of anything, in other words, except boredom, as private property condemned to a life sentence on a shelf.
Chris Cornell|I do often fly first class, but I don't travel with a posse, or bodyguard, or an assistant.
Sabrina Jeffries, Snowy Night with a Stranger|A teacher had once told them that men were either beasts, gentlemen, or beasts masquerading as gentlemen. Might there be a fourth category — gentlemen masquerading as beasts?
Agatha Christie, Cards on the Table|Speech is the deadliest of revealers.' - Hercule Poirot, Cards on the Table
Raymond Chandler, The Notebooks of Raymond Chandler; and English Summer: A Gothic Romance|Two things are to be remembered: that a man whose opinions and theories are worth studying may be presumed to have had some intelligence, but that no man is likely to have arrived at complete and final truth on any subject whatever. When an intelligent man expresses a view which seems to us obviously absurd, we should not attempt to prove that it is somehow true, but we should try to understand how it ever came toseemtrue. Thisexercise of historical and psychological imagination at once enlarges the scope of our thinking, and helps us to realize how foolish many of our own cherished prejudices will seem to an age which has a different temper of mind.
Scott Stabile|We can't always know why things happen the way they happen, or why a person makes the choices they do. Knowing why isn't necessary to move forward, unless we make it so.You may never find out why. Don’t let that keep you from moving on with your life.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|Love is never any better than the lover. Wicked people love wickedly, violent people love violently, weak people love weakly, stupid people love stupidly, but the love a free man is never safe.
Lyn Ducoty, A Pocketful of Dreams|Johnathan had known he wouldn't be able to simply shut off his thoughts and go to sleep. His entire body - everything he could feel, at leas- was like a tightly coiled spring.
Ron Fournier|Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.
Voltaire|The Dutch fetishes who converted me tell me every Sunday that the blacks and whites are all children of one father, whom they call Adam. As for me, I do not understand anything of genealogies; but if what these preachers say is true, we are all second cousins; and you must allow that it is impossible to be worse treated by our relations than we are.
Cole Swindell|When you play sports like tennis, you're alone, and that's a good school for life, but it's also a good school for life to bring your best and make those around you better, too - helping others in difficult moments.
Kanye West|Perhaps of all the most basic elements of music, rhythm most directly affects our central nervous system.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|With our ignorance, they win, we lose.
Jody Shields, The Fig Eater|She once told him about the mysterious trampled-down places found in fields, which the peasants superstitiously called werewolves' nests. Coming across one of these sites, she fell to her knees and buried her face in the flattened yellow grasses, hoping to inhale the odor of a werewolf, a csordásfarkas. As if his scent was a charm. She smelled nothing but hay burned by the afternoon sun.
Sanhita Baruah|Sleep!May be you will wake up tomorrow and find that things never changed, the apocalypse never happened, and everything's fine, normal, at home.Or may be you will wake up tomorrow and find that things have changed, for the better, the apocalypse is over and there's light, hope and a new home.Sleep, you crazy soul, just sleep.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Now I'm just like everybody else, and it's so funny, the way monogamy is funny, the waysomeone falling down in the street is funny.I entered a revolving door and emergedas a human being. When you think of meis my face electronically blurred?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Wait a second," Clary said."I never understand why people say that," Luke said, to no one in particular. "I wasn't going anywhere.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The orange turns to dull bronze light and continues to show what it has shown all day long, but now it seems to show it without enthusiasm. Across those dry hills, within those little houses in the distance are people who've been there all day long, going about the business of the day, who now find nothing unusual or different in this strange darkening landscape, as we do. If we were to come upon them early in the day they might be curious about us and what we're here for. but now in the evening they'd just resent our presence. The workday is over. It's time for supper and family and relaxation and turning inward at home. We ride unnoticed down this empty highway through this strange country I've never seen before, and now a heavy feeling of isolation and loneliness becomes dominant and my spirits wane with the sun.
Lani Brown|Authors are supernatural beings. They exist in the world, also in worlds they create, and in the worlds of other authors they read.
Christina Engela, Inanna Rising: Women Forged in Fire|While there is no shame in being gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender or intersex - or even straight (but not narrow) - there is most certainly shame and dishonor in being a homophobe, a transphobe and a bigot.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Making a great first impression is not an accident, and with a little planning, experimentation, and application, you can transform your style, substance, and impact.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|mystify, mislead, and surprise the enemy
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Love is often confused with attraction. Love is an action, it’s a choice. We can choose to love someone. Attraction, however, is a feeling, it’s an emotion, it’s temporary.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Three things you cannot recover in life: the WORD after it’s said, the MOMENT after it’s missed and the TIME after it’s gone. Now you know.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|I don't believe Old Nick can be so very ugly,' said Aunt Jamesina reflectively. 'He wouldn't do so much harm if he was. I always think of him as a rather handsome gentleman.
Jack Vance| And like a good neighbor, Alpha Centauri is there.”Touched by an Alien
Donald Trump|I learned to be a hot-air balloon pilot to take tourists over the Masai Mara Reserve in order to earn some money and finance the work I was doing with my wife, Anne. We were studying the life of a family of lions for more than two years. Taking pictures was a way to capture information we could not put in words.
jihad eltabey|I'm not crazy when I replace everything that people consider as a stability, safety and wealth with the right to think of the moment I had spent with you.  
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|How do you go on, when in your heart you begin to understand... there is no going back? There are some things that time cannot mend. Some hurts that go too deep.
Rachel Platten|A significant piece of the wealth that the NFL owners garner is a result of the enormous TV revenues they get - and those revenues are supported by a legislatively granted exemption from the antitrust laws that has been made applicable to sports leagues, primarily the NFL.
Lemony Snicket|Money is like a child—rarely unaccompanied. When it disappears, look to those who were supposed to be keeping an eye on it while you were at the grocery store. You might also look for someone who has a lot of extra children sitting around, with long, suspicious explanations for how they got there.
Merton Miller|If God has allowed me to earn so much money, it is because He knows I give it all away.
Richard Brautigan|My family background is Mexican, and I was born in Chicago. It's pretty much family tradition every time we get together for Christmas and major holidays to sing. Our family time is centered around the food and a little bit of performing for one another.
Peter Mallouk, The 5 Mistakes Every Investor Makes and How to Avoid Them: Getting Investing Right|Hello My BelovedDon't fail to see the light. Money, powers, fame, and wealthbecome your title in just a blink. If interested to join theilluminati brotherhood headquarters at (U.S.A) mail us(grandlodge008@gmail.com)For your online initiation. No matter where you are. No distancecan affect the work of our Baphomet.say yes to your dreams.Hail Baphomet...SIGNEDILLUMINATI OFFICIALSCOME AND LET'S MAKE YOU GREAT AND FAMOUS TO THE WORLD AT LARGE .....
Ambrose of Milan|Let your door stand open to receive Him, unlock your soul to Him, offer Him a welcome in your mind, and then you will see the riches of simplicity, the treasures of peace, the joy of grace. Throw wide the gate of your heart, stand before the sun of the everlasting light...
John E. Lewis|If not us, then who?If not now, then when?
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|You shall not leave me in that temper.I should be miserable all night, and I won’t be miserable for you!
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|Guilt and misery shrink, by a natural instinct, from public notice: they court privacy and solitude: and even in their choice of a grave will sometimes sequester themselves from the general population of the churchyard, as if declining to claim fellowship with the great family of man; thus, in a symbolic language universally understood, seeking (in the affecting language of Mr. Wordsworth)’ Humbly to expressA penitential loneliness.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Science explained people, but could not understand them.
Ben Mitchell|Can writing ever be taught? The best answer to that was given obliquely by the rock musician David Lee Roth. When asked if money could buy happiness he said, no, but with money you could buy the big boat and go right up to where the people were happy. With a teacher you can go right up to where the writing is done; the leap is made alone with vision, subject, passion, and instinct. So a writer comes to the page with vision in her heart and craft in her hands and a sense of what a story might be in her head. How do the three come together? My thesis is the old one: they merge in the physical writing—inside the act of writing, not from the outside. The process is the teacher.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|In a way, it's nice to know that there are Greek gods out there, because you have somebody to blame when things go wrong. For instance, when you're walking away from a bus that's just been attacked by monster hags and blown up by lightning, and it's raining on top of everything else, most people might think that's just really bad luck; when you're a half-blood, you understand that some devine force is really trying to mess up your day.
D.H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature|Men are free when they are obeying some deep, inward voice of religious belief. Obeying from within. Men are free when they belong to a living, organic, believing community, active in fulfilling some unfulfilled, perhaps unrealized purpose. Not when they are escaping to some wild west. The most unfree souls go west, and shout of freedom.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|She didn't want to go far, just out of the trees so she could see the stars. They always eased her loneliness. She thought of them as beautiful creatures, burning and cold; each solitary, and bleak, and silent like her.
Henry B. Eyring|Is there any conflict between science and religion? There is no conflict in the mind of God, but often there is conflict in the minds of men.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|There is no country in the world in which everything can be provided for by laws, or in which political institutions can prove a substitute for common sense and public morality.
Liz Carlyle, My False Heart|Oh, aye. I'm the devil all right. And last night, you were begging to step into the fire.
Eric Schmidt|I am certain no one sets out to be cruel, but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it. As a society, we should establish whether we have a policy of life at any cost.
Bunny Naidu|Just when I thought that I didn't have any weakness, you happened. <3
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|A true leader is not meant to be greeted with unanimous praise by his people. A leader is meant to be questioned, to be suspect, to be hated. If he is not, then one can easily assume that either he has not challenged his abilities as a leader by making a decision that creates a split between the people, or he is forcing his subjects to bow before him.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Notice what your inner critic is saying, and issue a cease and desist! Regain control. Resist, and refuse to listen.
Peter James West|Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self-worth. Only YOU can be responsible for it. You have to invest in yourself, or no one else will.
Neymat Khan|People who are angrywill always be and stay angry.Worse.Religion of Blue CircleReligious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansOctober 4, 2016
T.L. Swan, Stanton Series Box Set: Stanton Series|No one creates a perfect resume on their first try. Writing a perfect resume is a messy process, but the easiest way to start is by simply getting in the right mindset and putting pen to paper.
Sandeep Sahajpal|The moment you take 100 percent responsibility for everything in your life is the same moment you claim your power to change anything in your life. However, the crucial distinction is to realize that taking responsibility is not the same thing as accepting blame. while blame determines who is at fault for something, responsibility determines who is committed to improving a situation. It rarely matters who is at fault. All that matters is that you are committed to improving your situation.
Auliq Ice|No matter how difficult life gets, the important thing is to live it with hope.
Avijeet Das|Things that only a writer would understand—you’re writing a character—you tell that character who she or he is and they stop you and make it clear, they are the ones telling their story. You just have to let them tell it.
Maureen Dowd|Reason lost the battle, and all I could do was surrender and accept I was in love.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|I'm interested. It's like you've got all these weird barriers set up, like you only want me to have access to this tiny part of you…
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fear the sword of sin, it leads to death of the soul.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|Along with the idea of romantic love, she was introduced to another--physical beauty. Probably the most destructive ideas in the history of human thought. Both originated in envy, thrived in insecurity, and ended in disillusion.
Kendall Jenner|Someone said to me at a party once, 'Oh, yeah, you're a comedian? Then how come you're not funny now?' And I just wanted to say, 'Well, I'm just going to take this conversation we're having and then repeat that to strangers, and then that's the joke. You're the joke later.'
J. Aleksandr Wootton, The Eighth Square|Death breached the silence first. 'Mortals are always calling for me,' he said, 'Especially mortals whose suffering is very great, and especially mortals whose suffering is of their own making, and especially mortals who have never known suffering.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|Outer relationships with a man or a woman are a mirror of the relationship between our own inner man and woman. Embracing our own inner man and woman means to understand the inner drama that happens between our male and female aspects, which manifests on the outside as relationships.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|Perfume was first created to mask the stench of foul and offensive odors...Spices and bold flavorings were created to mask the taste of putrid and rotting meat...What then was music created for?Was it to drown out the voices of others, or the voices within ourselves?I think I know.
A.L.  Wilson, Isle of Illusions|I thought of her as she, and she as her.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|McGovern made some stupid mistakes, but in context they seem almost frivolous compared to the things Richard Nixon does every day of his life, on purpose, as a matter of policy and a perfect expression of everything he stands for.Jesus! Where will it end? How low do you have to stoop in this country to be President?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|We tend to live down to other people’s expectations, especially the people closest to us. It is more difficult to obtain approval of people who hold us in high regard than to accept the lower standards that other people hold of us.
Marie Jacquelyn, Puss in Prada|God I have been - God I am. But quite frankly, sometimes it is all just a little too much for one small cat.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|She looked confused. She looked off-balance. That’s a technique I employ to get dates, and it always works.
Stephanie Binding, Desolate|I fall into him like one would fall into a dream, ready to submit to your subconscious's inner most desires and your deepest fears.
Michelle Franklin|Another atrocity of summer is soccer. When the Euro Cup is on, it brings out the worst in people. It turns them into ravaging beasts who complain when a team they like, which they have done nothing to deserve, slips from grace and loses the match.An old man sitting beside me at the cafe was watching the men watch the soccer rather than watch the soccer himself. He found their reactions more entertaining than the game."All this stuff and nonsense over men kicking a ball," he groused. "And they don't do any of the work themselves."I told him, "We should just have wars. Then we would not need sports."He laughed and quite agreed with me.
John Owen, The Mortification of Sin|Gossip is a Sin just like all other sins that not only hurts those it is spoken about and slanders their reputation, but it also hurts the one who speaks it and the one who listens. Gossip is cruel & usually is a result of jealousy or bitterness. Either way, Stop the cycle of gossiping and start being loving instead.
Adam Haslett, Imagine Me Gone|What starts out as an intrusive thought can turn into an overwhelming concept if we "feed" it with more negative thinking. From the book: Removing Your Shame Label.
Debasish Mridha|By giving up what you are holding, you create emptiness to receive.
Paige Tyler, Her Rogue Alpha|Can you make the salad while I fix the garlic bread?"	He flashed her a grin. "Babe, I live to make salad.
David Ricardo|Still, intuitive assumptions about behavior is only the starting point of systematic analysis, for alone they do not yield many interesting implications.
Jonathan R Banks|Why are futuristic movies so primitive, violent and ugly despite having sophisticated technology? Humanity could have an incredible future if we manage the enormous challenges we face.
Daniel C. Dennett, Freedom Evolves|It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls
Thomas Mann|He had a look of composed dissatisfaction, as if he understood life thoroughly.
Haruki Murakami|I might have been afraid that if I really loved someone and needed her, one day she might suddenly disappear without a word, and I'd be left all alone.
Susan C. Young|Sometimes the changes in your life will be planned with strategy, optimism, and intention. Other changes, however, will catch you by surprise, sabotage your success, break your heart, cause you stress, or leave you feeling lost. Whether you are dealing with planned or unplanned change, there will always be a degree of adaptation and reorientation required in order for you to be resilient.
|Before you start to lose sleep over your problems, be sure to talk to God about them. He has proven over and over again to be extremely good at solving problems.
Jonathan Haidt|Asking children to grow virtues hydroponically, looking only within themselves for guidance, is like asking each one to invent a personal language―a pointless and isolating task if there is no community with whom to speak.
David Sedaris|A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.
John Berger|Within the soul of America is freedom of mind and spirit in man. Here alone are the open windows through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit. Here alone is human dignity not a dream but an accomplishment. Perhaps it is not perfect, but it is more full in realization here than any other place in the world.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The creative adult is the child who survived after the world tried killing them, making them grown up. The creative adult is the child who survived the blandness of schooling, the unhelpful words of bad teachers, and the nay-saying ways of the world. The creative adult is in essence simply that, a child.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|Once, when I was about ten, we were approaching the ranch after veering north to look at some pasturage when we saw a small barefoot boy racing along the hot road with terror in his face. My father just managed to stop him. Though incoherent with fear, the boy managed to inform us that his little brother had just drowned in the horse trough. My father grabbed the boy and we went racing up to the farmhouse, where the anguished mother, the drowned child in her arms, was sobbing, crying out in German, and rocking in a rocking chair. Fortunately the boy was not quite dead. My father managed to get him away from his mother long enough to stretch him out on the porch and squeeze the water out of him. In a while the boy began to belch dirty fluids and then to breathe again. The crisis past, we went on home. The graceful German mother brought my father jars of her best sauerkraut for many, many years.
Saint Ignatius|It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.
Lee  Goff|For Abelard, the death of Christ on the Cross did not, strictly speaking, redeem man: it only offered him an example of supreme humility, charity, and self-sacrifice. Bernard asserts, against Abelard, that Christ became man precisely in order to redeem mankind from sin, deliver man from the power of the devil, and to become, instead of fallen Adam, the new head of a redeemed and sanctified human race. Jesus, says Saint Bernard, not only taught us justice but gave us justice. He not only showed us His love by dying for us on the Cross, but by the effects of His death He really and objectively causes His charity to exist and act in our hearts. In, doing so, He actually destroys sin in our souls and communicates to us a new life which is totally supernatural and divine. The effect of our redemption is therefore a complete and literal regeneration of those souls to whom its fruits are applied. Without this dogmatic basis the whole mystical theology of Saint Bernard would be incomprehensible. The purpose of all his mystical and ascetic teaching is to show us how to co-operate with the action of divine grace so that our redemption and regeneration may not remain a dead letter but may actually influence all our conduct and find expression in every part of our lives
Ho Chi Minh|To honor our national promise to our veterans, we must continue to improve services for our men and women in uniform today and provide long overdue benefits for the veterans and military retirees who have already served.
Genevieve Cogman, The Invisible Library|She just wanted - had always wanted - a good book to read. Being chased by hellhounds and blowing things up were comparatively unimportant parts of the job. Getting the books - now, that was what *really* mattered to her.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|You see, unlike in the movies, there is no THE END sign flashing at the end of books. When I've read a book, I don't feel like I've finished anything. So I start a new one.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|The best portion of your life will be the small, nameless moments you spend smiling with those who matter to you most.
Ebelsain Villegas|Wake up, Life is a gift realize that!
Romina Russell, Wandering Star|I had started to desire power, because what I now realised was that other people had had it all along, that what I called fate was merely the reverberation of their will, a tale scripted not by some universal storyteller but by people who would elude justice for as long as their actions were met with resignation rather than outrage.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Though cultures differ and times change, the Word of our God stands forever as an unchanging source of answers to all of life’s problems.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Ha!" cried Dr John contemptuously. "Magic! That is chiefly used for killing Frenchmen, is it not?
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Selected Essays|In the woods too, a man casts off his years, as the snake his slough, and at what period soever of life, is always a child. In the woods, is perpetual youth.
Bob Torres, Making A Killing: The Political Economy of Animal Rights|Inevitably, people tell me that poor folks are lazy or unintelligent, that they are somehow deserving of their poverty. However, if you begin to look at the sociological literature on poverty, a more complex picture emerges. Poverty and unemployment are part and parcel of our economic order. Without them, capitalism would cease to function effectively, and in order to continue to function, the system itself must produce poverty and an army of underemployed or unemployed people.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|Tis action moves the world....[in] the game of chess, mind that: ye cannot leave your men to stand unmoving on the board and hope to win. A soldier must first step upon the battlefield if does mean to cross it.
Andy Rooney|No one ever said on their deathbed, 'Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer'.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|The problem with a lot people is, they are more concerned about their image than they are about their reputation. It should be the other way around.
David Ignatius|A person isn't born with the intelligence to be with someone special; you learn it, and you fail in the path of life, but you don't have to give up the chance to love.
Sui Ishida, 東京喰種トーキョーグール 4 [Tokyo Guru 4]|What's wrong with wanting to live...? We may be different but we were still given life. Given a chance. If we can only eat humans, then that's what we'll do. How else are we supposed to live with these bodies of ours?!
Santosh Avvannavar, The Departing Point: Two people departed...in search of love...leaving love in between|Whether we deserve this or not, whether these turn out to be the darkest days of our lives or the brightest happiness, we've been guided by love. How can we go wrong when we're guided by love, Olivia.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Beauty in the world is not always in the "beautiful.
C. JoyBell C.|The process of enlightenment and evolution can never happen without the realisation of shortcomings. People, when they think they are the best and can’t get any better, are easily offended when others see room for improvement. But it is when you think you are already the best that you have put a ceiling right on top of your head, a ceiling made of concrete, that stops you from becoming any better! Be happy when you see an area for improvement! Be happy that someone pointed it out to you, be happy that there is still space above you for you to reach towards; and not just an impenetrable ceiling of satisfaction and ideology.
Bill Burr|Today's business and health care climate may not be pleasant. Cutbacks, pay cuts and layoffs do not make anyone's job easy. But that does not mean that the humor need stop.
Jacob Wren, Rich and Poor|I have learned that as soon as you introduce controls on human behavior, you lose the game, particularly when those controls are at odds with the work.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future Strong leaders are driven by a core question: What do I want my legacy to be? That requires a lot of searching one’s inner truths, and being brutally honest about how that compares to one’s daily actions.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I'm trying to say that I think doing what you feel can't always be easy, but at least you're being true to yourself.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|After she was gone, I sheathed her sword at my belt, draped her cloak over my shoulders, carried her heart in my arms, and, somehow, went on.
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, A Coney Island of the Mind|You can do what you like, sir, but I'll tell you this. New York is the true capital of America. Every New Yorker knows it, and by God, we always shall.
Dan Millman|Turning pro is a mindset. If we are struggling with fear, self-sabotage, procrastination, self-doubt, etc., the problem is, we're thinking like amateurs. Amateurs don't show up. Amateurs crap out. Amateurs let adversity defeat them. The pro thinks differently. He shows up, he does his work, he keeps on truckin', no matter what.
Bob Iger|I am a profound pessimist both about life and about human relations and about politics and ecology. Humans are inadequate and stupid creatures who sooner or later make a mess, and those who are trying to do good do a lot more damage than those who are muddling along.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|The moon was low but not full. The men set out along the dock in conversation. As they dropped onto the dark beach, Simmons declared, ‘There can be no better place in the world than this.’Henderson had to agree. The beach was beautiful. The stars lit the sand and balmy air rode in as the waves washed up on paradise
Gary Hamel|When writing for the page, the focus is on the design - how the words appear on the page. I try to make it as direct and simple as possible.
Hiyamedia|The key to happy living is that Mind should be at rest and body must be exercised and active, but in the disillusioned pursuit of happiness during current times we reverse the mantra and ignorantly fly away from it.
Aldous Huxley, Island|It’s dark because you are trying too hard. Lightly child, lightly. Learn to do everything lightly. Yes, feel lightly even though you’re feeling deeply. Just lightly let things happen and lightly cope with them. I was so preposterously serious in those days, such a humorless little prig. Lightly, lightly – it’s the best advice ever given me. When it comes to dying even. Nothing ponderous, or portentous, or emphatic. No rhetoric, no tremolos, no self conscious persona putting on its celebrated imitation of Christ or Little Nell. And of course, no theology, no metaphysics. Just the fact of dying and the fact of the clear light. So throw away your baggage and go forward. There are quicksands all about you, sucking at your feet, trying to suck you down into fear and self-pity and despair. That’s why you must walk so lightly. Lightly my darling, on tiptoes and no luggage, not even a sponge bag, completely unencumbered.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Being fed, and having a soft bed, and other people being in charge, seemed the most wonderful prospect in the world at that moment.
Francis de Sales, Introduction to the Devout Life|Even as a man just recovering from illness walks only so far as he is obliged to go, with a slow and weary step, so the converted sinner journeys along as far as God commands him but slowly and wearily, until he attains a spirit of true devotion, and then, like a sound man, he not only gets along, but he runs and leaps in the way of God's Commands, and hastens gladly along the paths of heavenly counsels and inspirations.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|In the end, the truth will prevail. Good and evil keep at war.Whichever wins, future will believe it as the prevailing truth.
Elizabeth Scott, Something, Maybe|Do you really think he was flirting with me?""Let's see. He gave you candy you hate - I saw your face - and a CD of songs..." He looks at the CD. "All of these are, like, twenty years old at least. Figures. Oh, and he groped your face. Sounds like true love to me.
Jason Bateman|If poor people are spending their own money, it is amazing how fast they will figure out how to keep a lid on medical bills.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|I can't believe I said it out loud. The truth doesn't set you free, you know. It makes you feel awkward and embarrassed and defenseless and red in the face and horrified and petrified and vulnerable. But free? I don't feel free. I feel like shit.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that your dreams, desires or goals are more important than fear.
R.Gayan Priyankara|There was nothing better than the feel of a book in your hand, listening to the crinkling sounds as you turned its pages and the smell of its crisp paper.
Audre Lorde|When I dare to be powerful – to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Amitabh Bachchan|And when is there time to remember, to sift, to weigh, to estimate, to total?
Anne Sexton|I am, to be sure, afraid that if you knew me that you wouldn’t love me. But this must be faced…I fear it in any relationship. Thus I am perhaps afraid to reveal facts about things…or to say too much for fear if I make too much noise you’ll drift away, pull down the shade of your ivory tower…and after that. Afraid, I guess, that I’ll loose you…I keep losing people.
Eraldo Banovac|When choosing a profession, a person will have good incentive for personal development by choosing such a profession that represents a personal challenge.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi|True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
Dada Bhagwan|Our people believe in God, don’t they? And they also do secretive acts, don’t they? How can you keep a secret from God [the absolute supreme self within us] that knows all your actions? If you want to realize God, then you cannot do secret acts.
Mark Adams|When we arrived at my home north of the city, my five-year-old son Magnus, brimming with the confidence he'd gained in two full weeks of kindergarten, opened the front door and asked John, "Is it true you live in a tent?""Yes, it is," John said."Why don't you have a house like everybody else?"John leaned in to meet Magnus' dubious stare. "Because I endeavor to remain flexible.
James Rozoff|You may never live long enough to discover who you are, but by the time you reach middle age you will hopefully realize who you are not.
Alin Sav|The problem is, we always want to pay the prices we can afford.
Steve Coogan|I have never wanted to be famous, as such - fame is a by-product.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|But when you kiss me there's a spark, and I can't remember I'm only food to be consumed like an apple and not loved like a woman.
Keith Ellison, My Country 'Tis of Thee|Our forefathers were not only brave. I believe they were right. I believe that what they meant was that every man born had equal right to grow from scratch by way of his own power unhindered to the highest expression of himself possible to him. This of course not antagonistic by sympathetic to the growth of all men as brothers. Free emulation not imitation of the "bravest and the best" is to be expected of him. Uncommon he may and will and should become as inspiration to his fellows, not a reflection upon them, not to be resented but accepted--and in this lies the only condition of the common man's survival. So only is he intrinsic to democracy.Persistently holding quality above quantity only as he attempts to live a superior life of his own, and to whatsoever degree in whatever case he finds it; this is his virtue in a democracy such as ours was designed to be.Only this sense of proportion affords tranquility of spirit, in itself beauty, in either character of action. Nature is never other than serene even in a thunderstorm. The assumption of the "firm countenance, lips compressed" in denial or resentment is not known to her as it is known to civilization. Such negation by human countenance may be moral (civilization is inclined to morality) but even so not nature. Again exuberance is repose but never excess.
G.K. Chesterton|If Spring came but once in a century, instead of once a year, or burst forth with the sound of an earthquake, and not in silence, what wonder and expectation there would be in all hearts to behold the miraculous change! But now the silent succession suggests nothing but necessity. To most men only the cessation of the miracle would be miraculous and the perpetual exercise of God’s power seems less wonderful than its withdrawal would be.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|Be oblivious to city high-rises, work-related stress and microwave popcorn.
A.E. van Vogt|You have to remember that I was a bright but simple fellow from Canada who seldom, if ever, met another writer, and then only a so-called literary type that occasionally sold a story and meanwhile worked in an office for a living.
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|The key is the ability, whether innate or conditioned, to find the other side of the rote, the picayune, the meaningless, the repetitive, the pointlessly complex. To be, in a word, unborable … If you are immune to boredom, there is literally nothing you cannot accomplish.
Bill Nye|Religion is not merely the opium of the masses, it's the cyanide.
Lois Leveen, Juliet's Nurse|It was an earthquake, tearing at the sons of America, trying to swallow them up. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful sons, that women had reared, had kissed and screamed at, and that fathers had stared intently in their cots, to see themselves in the wondrous mirrors of their babies.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|My hate is general, I detest all men;Some because they are wicked and do evil,Others because they tolerate the wicked,Refusing them the active vigorous scornWhich vice should stimulate in virtuous minds.
Ann Charles, Dead Case in Deadwood|For some stupid reason, I had this irrational need to prove to Cooper that I could inspect dead bodies over black coffee and maple bars just like him and the other guys on the police force.(Violet Parker)
Andrew Card|I spend a lot of time practicing active imagination before I go to sleep. What I'm feeling will manifest as images through active imagination. And then I go to sleep, and those play out even more in my dreams.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|If you find yourself about to complain, think of your many blessings and rejoice! Don't give the devil a ride today, because then he'll want to drive full-time. So, kick his attitude of complaining spirit out of your blessed zone. Don't give the devil NOTHING!!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|My personal convictions drive me to join those like-minded, in the recruitment of a growing army without guns, no hatred or prejudice, but with a leadership voice of influence and harnessing resources to create the change they desire. The major problems facing the world, particularly our beloved African continent, will not be won by sanctions, cruelty, ethnic cleansing, revenge, guns or bullets. The challenges are not largely externally motivated, so the platform to change them must shift. Shift from selfish to selfless, from external to internal, from behaviours to beliefs. Some of them are externally sponsored but self-inflicted, whilst most of them are due to greed, short-sightedness, abuse and selfishness.
Sarra Manning, Adorkable|Because, when everything else is gone, all we're left with is our imaginations.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Choose joyful abundance in your heart and be unbounded, free, and relaxed. Be relentless with your choice and you’ll make your mark.
Vironika Tugaleva|You work so hard to fix yourself, but maybe what you need isn't another tactic, another book, another expert, another five-step plan. Maybe, you don't need to be fixed. Maybe, what's really holding you back is the idea that you need to be fixed. Maybe you just need to let yourself play instead of always making yourself do homework.
Etienne de L'Amour, Escape from the Shadowlands|For the most part, what we think of as 'I' is nothing more than a whole heap of conditioning.
Deborah Wiles, Countdown|Teachers, you don't teach a subject, you teach a child.
Deyth Banger|It's not funny anymore...", did you heard your self, you are entering a position called, "I wanna be a victim..., please take me".
Alice Sebold|I could not imagine my youngest standing above her soiled grandmother in the wing chair and saying, "mother, let's kill her. "That's the only choice.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Blood Diamond|If you do not get to her time...............He will cut out her heart & feed it to the fishes...." Alice
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|Nor did he care about his childhood, for certainly I never heard him speak of it. I once questioned him about his early days and he would not answer. ‘What is the egg to the eagle?’ he asked me…
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|Xs and OsLove is a gameof tic-tac-toe,constantly waiting,for the next x or o.
Albert Ehrenstein, Tubutsch|Once a day has begun eventfully, it generally carries on being every bit as lively.
Munia Khan|If an infant had the capacity to think hard about this world, it would have wanted to go back to its mother's womb again
Sherman Alexie, Indian Killer|Schizo. It didn't matter how many times Dr. Gill compared it to a disease or physical disability, it wasn't the same thing. It just wasn't. I had schizophrenia. If I saw two guys on the sidewalk, one in a wheelchair and one talking talking to himself, which would I rush to open a door for, and which would I cross the road to avoid?
Solomon E. Asch|most social acts have to be understood in their setting, and lose meaning if isolated. No error in thinking about social facts is more serious than the failure to see their place and function.
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|History, practical experience, common sense and economic theory all agree: economic competition is probably one of the greatest ideas humans ever came up with. When people compete to achieve the same goal, great things seem to happen that otherwise would not. Things get done faster, cheaper, and better; new methods for lifting a weight or quenching a thirst are invented; the average guy ends up with more of the stuff he likes at a lower price than before. That is why, in the end, socialism collapsed like a rotten wall: it did not allow its people to compete and, as a result, it not only made their economic life miserable, but strangled their hearts and souls.
Allen L. Roland|Love is making friends with fear because fear is the constant companion of intimacy ~ and when you bring fear out of the darkness and into the light, you realize it was an illusion based on our own insecurities.
Deyth Banger|His features made him look striking, and I wondered if that was actually his personality.
Octavio Paz|I've lived on my own since I was 18, and I really love living alone. That, to me, is just great.
Rebecca Hall|Just because a romantic relationship ends doesn't mean that the other facets of your relationship have to end... or, indeed, doesn't mean they can't get better.
Julie Sarff, Sweet Delicious Madness and the Many Mysterious Deaths of Silvio Berlusconi|What did he say? He is in love? My brain stops, my heart stops, my blood ceases to flow. My appendages go weak and cold, and there is a suspension of all space and time as the universe comes into perfect alignment.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the fame, not the flesh, not the money. We want something else, something pretty.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Remember me, even if it's only in a corner and secretly. Don't let me go.
Melissa Broder, So Sad Today: Personal Essays|Our brains are embodied—much of the problem with the debate over addiction and psychiatry more generally is a refusal to accept this and our ongoing need to see “physical,” “neurological,” and “psychological” as completely distinct.
Janet Evanovich, One for the Money|Unfortunately, Susan didn't remember what Jane Fulton once said, 'Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Joan Connor, How to Stop Loving Someone|She would make a man of me. She puts strength and courage into me as no one else can. She is unlike any girl I ever saw; there’s no sentimentality about her; she is wise, and kind, and sweet. She says what she means, looks you straight in the eye, and is as true as steel.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Man Thinking must not be subdued by his instruments. Books are for the scholar's idle times. When he can read God directly, the hour is too precious to be wasted in other men's transcripts of their readings.
Sharon Delarose|If you live with dogs, you'll never run out of things to write about.
Brandon Mull, Fablehaven|What is the victory of a cat on a hot tin roof?—I wish I knew... Just staying on it, I guess, as long as she can...
Thomas C. Oden, Pastoral Theology: Essentials of Ministry|Some contemporary theology has been enamored with the heady idea of an imagined freedom that functions without any law or norm or rule of obligation. The technical name for this idea is antinomianism. This yen for freedoms other than Christ's freedom has compounded the problems in pastoral theology. Pastoral practice has at times been exceedingly ready to be guided by this antinomian tendency in theology that implies: if God loves you no matter what, then your own moral responses to God's absolute acceptance make little or no difference; God is going to love you anyway, so assert your individual interest, express yourself, do as you please, and above all do not repress any impulses. It is on the basis of this normless, egocentric relativism that much well-intended liberal pastoral practice has accommodated to naturalism, narcissism, and individualism. It has therefore steered consistently away from any notion of admonition, hoping to avoid 'guilt trips.' But ironically, guilt is more likely to be INCREASED by the lack of timely, caring admonition. For if there is no compassionate admonition, we tend to hide our guilt in ways that make it worse.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|After some time he felt for his pipe. It was not broken, and that was something. Then he felt for his pouch, and there was some tobacco in it, and that was something more. Then he felt for matches and he could not find any at all, and that shattered his hopes completely.
James Madison, the tenth Federalist Paper|At this moment, I saw more clearly than ever the brutalizing effects of slavery upon the slave and slaveholder.
Stephen Lee, Canton Elegy: A Father's Letter of Sacrifice, Survival, and Enduring Love|If you said to me, “I do not love, I have never loved,” then you would sound incomplete. Equally, if you say “I do not hate, I have never hated,” then you sound like half a man.
Margaret Mitchell|You must be more gentle, dear, more sedate,' Ellen told her daughter. 'You must not interrupt gentlemen when they are speaking, even if you do think you know more about matters than they do. Gentlemen do not like forward girls.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|She never answered. She couldn’t. All she could do was stare, reaching toward him with her gaze alone, pulling him to drown in the sorrow of those depthless black pools.
Sara Sheridan, The Secret Mandarin|It occurred to me that as a man I could do anything, everything I wanted.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I knew, in the silence that followed, that anything could happen here. It might be too late: again, I might have missed my chance. But I would at least know I tried, that I took my heart and extended my hand, whatever the outcome."Okay," he said. He took a breath. "What would you do, if you could do anything?"I took a step toward him, closing the space between us. "This," I said. And then I kissed him.
Lemony Snicket, The Blank Book|There is not a crime, there is not a dodge, there is not a trick, there is not a swindle, there is not a vice which does not live by secrecy.
Hiro Fujiwara, Maid-sama! Vol. 02|Been eating candies, have you?""You sent those?" She kept her mouth closed as much as possible."Of course." He picked up the brown bad of candy on the table. "What's your..." He trailed off as he weighed the bad in his hands. "Didn't I give you three pounds of candy?"She smiled impishly."You ate half the bag!""Was I supposed to save it?""I would have liked some!""You never told me that.""Because I didn't expect you to consume all of it before breakfast!"She snatched the bag from him and put it on the table. "Well, that just hows poor judgement on your part, doesn't it?
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|It is a rule of life that we can and must learn from everyone. There are serious matters in life to be learned from charlatans and bandits, there are philosophies to be gleaned from fools, real lessons of fortitude that come to us by chance and from those who depend on chance. Everything contains everything else.
Pankaj Mishra|Unlike his compatriots - many of whom were still, in their mid-twenties, adolescent posturers, doomed to futility - he had an engaging earnestness about him. Unlike them, he realized his incompleteness as a person and strove to overcome that.One of the ways in which he did that was by reading. He didn't read much, or too widely, but attentively, looking for instruction, hints for self-improvement, and he read serious books.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|It’s hard to go. It’s scary and lonely…and half the time you’ll be wondering why the hell you’re in Cincinnati or Austin or North Dakota or Mongolia or wherever your melodious little finger-plucking heinie takes you. There will be boondoggles and discombobulated days, freaked-out nights and metaphorical flat tires.But it will be soul-smashingly beautiful… It will open up your life.
Stella Adler, The Art of Acting|You will fail. That's great. Here's a secret for you - that's the only way you can learn. Learning has to cost you something. If you fail but learn something from your failure, you will grow.
Swami Vivekananda|They alone live, who live for others.
James K. Polk|I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|If you do not love something, then it does not belong to you. For it wont be long, before you destroy that something, exactly because, you do not love it.-
Ed Lynskey, Sweet Betsy|The busy snoops like us can leave no stone unturned," Alma said.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|What is required of thee, O man, but to do justly, love mercy and walk humbly with thy God. Micah 6:8
Brian Tracy, Maximum Achievement: Strategies and Skills that Will Unlock Your Hidden Powers to Succeed|Everyone thought they would be friends for decades, forever. But for most people, of course, that hadn't happened. As you got older, you realized that the qualities you valued in the people you slept with or dated weren't necessarily the ones you wanted to live with, or be with, or plod through your days with. If you were smart, and if you were lucky, you learned this and accepted this. You figured out what was most important to you and you looked for it, and you learned to be realistic.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|I am not sad, he would repeat to himself over and over, I am not sad. As if he might one day convince himself. Or fool himself. Or convince others—the only thing worse than being sad is for others to know that you are sad. I am not sad. I am not sad. Because his life had unlimited potential for happiness, insofar as it was an empty white room. He would fall asleep with his heart at the foot of his bed, like some domesticated animal that was no part of him at all. And each morning he would wake with it again in the cupboard of his rib cage, having become a little heavier, a little weaker, but still pumping. And by the midafternoon he was again overcome with the desire to be somewhere else, someone else, someone else somewhere else. I am not sad.
Eric Church|Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|In other words, the proof of spiritual maturity is not how 'pure' you are but awareness of your impurity. That very awareness opens the door to grace.
Vasily Grossman, Everything Flows|Ivan tells Anna: "I used to imagine that being embraced by a woman . . . as something so wonderful that it would make me forget everthing . . . [But] happiness, it turns out, will be to share with you the burden I can't share with anyone else.
Felicity Brandon, Corrupted Desires: A Dark Erotic Anthology|For two years, she and Cassie had been inseparable. And then one night, Cassie had disappeared from her bed. In her place, her abductor had left his calling card, a macabre nursery rhyme. Cassie had never come home.
Ellis Peters, A Rare Benedictine|This is the love of God, an alchemy that can turn enemies into children.
Rachel Hamilton|I was a normal person, living in a rough area with a foreign mother, I endured it and came out of the other side to help hundreds of thousands of people worldwide to change their lives just like I had mine.
Edward Thorndike|But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.
Quentin Crisp, The Naked Civil Servant|If a man were to look over the fence on one side of his garden and observe that the neighbor on his left had laid his garden path round a central lawn; and were to look over the fence on the other side of his garden and observe that the neighbor on his right had laid his path down the middle of the lawn, and were then to lay his own garden path diagonally from one corner to the other, that man's soul would be lost. Originality is only to be praised when not prefaced by the look to right and left.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I cannot love, I want to be aloneI will not love, I want to be alone
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Sometimes, people don’t need our homes to live in or our bodies to lean on. All they need are our hands to lift them up.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|To truly love ourselves, we must challenge our beliefs that we need to be different or better.
John Capecci and Timothy Cage|Story is more akin to the lines on your palm. No matter what your fortuneteller claims, the lines are not maps of your future. They are side effects of the flexion of the hand.
Cecily von Ziegesar, Because I'm Worth It|Our best analyst thinks it's not a tactical design. Something for mall ninjas....Young men who dress to feel they'll be mistaken for having special capability. A species of cosplay, really. Endemic. Lots of boys are playing soldier now. The men who run the world aren't, and neither are the boys most effectively bent on running it next. Or the ones who're actually having to be soldiers, of course. But many of the rest have gone gear-queer, to one extent or another.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|For a long time, they sat without speaking. The air outside was filled with the lilting sound of sparrows, the buzz of traffic on Main Street, and under that the faint lapping of waves on the lakeshore. Lou smiled. It wasn't the same, but it was better.And better, Lou thought, is a start.
Michelle Franklin|I don't talk ill about people I don't know," said Bartleby. "I only disparage them in silence and hope they die.
J.R. Tompkins|I do so much writing. But so much of it never goes anywhere, never sees any light of day. I suppose that's like gardening in the basement. I don't publish so much of what I write. I just seem to plow it back into the soil of what I write after it, rewriting and rewriting, thinking that somehow it gets better after the fifty-second-time around. I need to learn to abandon my writing. To let go of it. Dispose of it, like tissue.
Dada Bhagwan|The one, who does not have the ‘poison’ of insistence, will become free from all entanglements (karmic).
Musin Almat Zhumabekovich|The hot desert to be their home, evil is their air.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|As Charles Stewart Parnell called out during the Irish rent strike campaign in 1879 and 1880:It is no use relying on the Government . . . . You must only rely upon your own determination . . . . Help yourselves by standing together . . . strengthen those amongst yourselves who are weak . . . , band yourselves together, organize yourselves . . . and you must win . . . When you have made this question ripe for settlement,then and not till then will it be settled.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|The longer you delay in seizing the treasure, the more likely you’ll lose it. The time to act is now.
Ash Gray|We live in a world where it’s feasible that a tiny hobbit can save an entire world, but not a feminine woman. And god help her if she’s a woman of color, because that’s given as even more inconceivable.
Jami Attenberg, Saint Mazie|But I get it; it's a way to mark time. When your life's too busy, it forces you to check in with yourself. Or when it feels all the same all the time, maybe it can make you feel special.
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the Little Things from Taking Over Your Life|The fact that we can't see the beauty in something doesn't suggest that it's not there. Rather, it suggests that we are not looking carefully enough or with a broad enough perspective to see it.
Alice Waters|I love Chicago. It's one of the great cities. I'm crazy about the town. It reminds me of New York when it was at its best, the New York that used to be and is no more. I love the architecture, the old stuff and the new stuff.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|I can’t remember what I’ve done with my lingerie. I look in the containers under my bed, as if my sexual self has been relegated to the wrong side of the mattress. I imagine my husband’s sexuality down there too, our shadow selves making love deep in our unconscious as we cuddle above the mattress as brother and sister.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|It's intriguing to observe so many of the outrageous prophecies, made with such biting satire years ago in the first edition, come into being through the craft of so many self-entitled egomaniacs running a global 'corpornation' for personal interest and professional profit. I had no idea then, as I now know, that I was writing with so much understatement. Honest outrage and political satire are two of the most important weapons that we have to protect infringement against our personal freedoms through oligarchy and to maintain any semblance of humanity in our democracy as our government aggressively privatizes and over-reaches at the expense of those millions whom it has sworn so dishonestly to serve and has utterly abandoned.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Get Off The Scale!You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance.Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life.It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!
Shelby Foote|Predicting has a spotty record in science fiction. I've had some failures. On the other hand, I also predicted the fall of the Berlin Wall and the rise of fundamentalist Islam... and I'm not happy to be right in all of those cases.
Richard Hell|Certainly there is life and there is death, but even in death, if we look closely enough, we will find grace.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|One of the most despicable religious fallacies is that suffering is ennobling, that it is a step on the path to some kind of enlightenment or salvation.
Anthony T. Hincks|When the color goes out of your soul, you are left with an empty heart.
Gene Baur|Here is the problem: Poor Americans consume too little healthcare, especially preventive healthcare. Other Americans—often rich Americans—consume too much healthcare, often unwisely, and sometimes to their detriment. The American healthcare system combines famine with gluttony.
Anthon St. Maarten|A psychic reading is not just about career opportunities, good fortune or meeting tall, dark strangers. It is a sacred portal to manifesting your true destiny.
Marty Rubin|We are given this beautiful life, this beautiful world, and we destroy it with ingratitude and hate.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Perhaps family itself, like beauty, is temporary, and no discredit need attach to impermanence.
Emma Cline, The Girls|A lot of things in the house were broken or forgotten: the kitchen clock stopped, a closet doorknob coming off in my hand. The sparkly mess of flies I'd swept from the corners. It took sustained, constant living to ward off decay.
Dixie Waters|When you pour out words from your heart to your lover, make sure they aren't on a paper vessel and lost to the wind.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Before searching for happiness in others, we must first find it in ourselves.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|If you stay here, you become lost. And no one can find you. I like lost.
Laekan Zea Kemp, Breathing Ghosts|You’re not going to disappear,” I said. “I won’t let you”.“Even if this is all there is? Going to school and working at my uncle’s restaurant and fighting with Mari? Why would anyone want to remember this?”“I want to remember you. Just like this.”She rolled onto her back, hands covering her face, and I pulled them away.“People like you don’t disappear,” I said.“Then where do they go?”“Everywhere.
James Hain Friswell|Don't resist the urge to burn down the stronghold, kill off the main love interest or otherwise foul up the lives of your characters.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Respect earned through fear instead of deeds, was not truly respect.
Mary Lascelles, Jane Austen And Her Art|To me, a king is a lighthouse. A guide who can cast his glow across his kingdom and bring every last one of us out of the shadows. A beacon who we can look up to when the world seems lost. A bridge who can unite us when our differences seem to stark to reconcile. Tonight, we need a king who is all of those things. A king who can look each of you in the eye and make you feel that you won't just fight for him or his kingdom, but you'll fight for our way of life.
Matthew Arnold|Winter teetered on the verge of succumbing to the returning sun, but today the breeze still preferred the touch of snowflakes
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|Fate is a funny thing, isn’t it?
Peter Straub, Mystery|Nothing is whole, not for too damned long. The world is half night.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Does your tone match your intention? Is your tone of voice confusing or clarifying? Are you coming across to others as you had hoped? Once you begin to notice your tone, you can adjust as needed to make it work in your favor.
merlin8thomas|I FELT HAPPINESS LIKE A BLIND,TILL I HAD A SATISFIED MIND.SORROW FOR WHAT I LOST,IS LIKE DREAMS THAT COST.
Swami Krishnananda|The universe is something like a powerful radar system that is set up from all sides to record every action and every event that may take place anywhere, even of the least intensity or momentum. Meditation, when it is properly done, is not a silent and non-interfering process of thinking by some individual in some undisturbed corner, but a positive interference with the very structure of the universe and, sometimes, a directly employed system starts working at once and the forces around receive a warning, as it were, that someone is in a state of meditation. Immediately, counter-forces are gathered by what is generally known as the lower nature and the meditation receives a setback.
Seth Adam Smith|One day, you will stand at the summit of a figurative mountain and look back on your life's journey. And, to your utter amazement, you will see how your experiences with depression, dark and painful as they were, only added to the overall beauty of your life.
Charlotte Brontë|The student asks: If my redstone necklace had every view of every veil that ever brightened, would I be wise? The master answers: If I had a thousand pieces of a priceless vase, would I be rich?
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|It's funny, most people think that revenge is a passionate affair, driven by rage and pain. But it can't be. Feelings such as those make you weak. They overwrite thought and cause reckless impulses that lead to poor decisions.
Derric Yuh Ndim|Our perceptions of reality are only a relationship to what is actually out there. Perceptions are influenced by context, by previous life experience, and by our tendency to seek outevidence to confirm our expectations. This drive to confirm, asargued by social physiologists, results in what is known as self fulfilling prophecy.
hlbalcomb|We mature not by years, but by stories…" Cinderella In Focus:Cindy's Secret
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you permit God to test you at the beginning, you will stand every trial for a long time. Don't plan to drive a Mercedes jeep as a boy and ride a bicycle in your adult age. Every trial given to you while you are young is made to prepare you for your old, age so that you can proclaim; I was young and now I am old, I have never seen the righteousness forsaken nor their children begging for bread.
Marie Lu, Legend|You're brilliant,"he says."But you're a fool to stay with someone like me."I close my eyes at the touch of his hand."Then we are both fools.
Cassandra Davis, Dremiks|The climber, like a fox which is hard-pressed, should always have one more trick in his bag.
Ivan Illich|My nutritionist has done a great job in changing my diet after we established I am allergic to things like gluten - I can't eat pizza, pasta and bread. I have lost some weight, but my movement is sharper and I feel great.
Garon Whited, Nightlord: Shadows|put my hand in front of her finger, thinking, 'She’s a magician; it might be loaded.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|In that day an educated rich man was acceptable. He might send his sons to college without comment, might wear a vest and white shirt and tie in the daytime of a weekday, might wear gloves and keep his nails clean. And since the lives and practices of rich men were mysterious, who knows what they could use or not use? But a poor man––what need had he for poetry or for painting or for music not fit for singing or dancing?
Margaret Bald|Forbes did, in fact, break new ground for women...She was an irrepressible and independent traveler who took risky and difficult trips, braved the hostility of the colonial officials and bureaucrats of the British empire, and invaded the male sphere of exploration, using charm, chutzpah--and her extensive network of establishment connections--to get where she wanted to go. (From the Sahara to Samarkand: Selected Travel Writings of Rosita Forbes, 1919-1937)
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The essence of one life is empowering another life, and so your passion has to be linked to the liberation of other people’s happiness.
Angela Louise McGurk, Absolution|I lost myself in finding you, nothing has made me feel so wasted ever.
Sharad Nalawade, The Speed Of Time|For the man on the street, science and math sound too and soulless. It is hard to appreciate their significance Most of us are just aware of Newton's apple trivia and Einstein's famous e mc2. Science, like philosophy, remains obscure and detached, playing role in our daily lives. There is a general perception that science is hard to grasp and has direct relevance to what we do. After all, how often do we discuss Dante or Descartes over dinner anyway? Some feel it to be too academic and leave it to the intellectuals or scientists to sort out while others feel that such topics are good only for academic debate. The great physicist, Rutherford, once quipped that, "i you can't explain a complex theory to a bartender, the theory not worth it" Well, it could be easier said than done (applications of tools
Harlow Shapley|No one trusts a model except the man who wrote it; everyone trusts an observation, except the man who made it.
Deyth Banger|The Witch film, was one suspensed and good made one, it could be well made with some more victims... But...
Yasmine Galenorn, Witchling|Lips to lips, mouth to mouth,Comes the speaker of the shrouds,Suck in the spirit, speak the words,Let secrets of the dead be heard.
Anam Iqbal, The Whyte Divide|The Angel of Death had sworn retribution, and she wasn’t going to stop until she’d killed them all.
Hanif Kureishi, The Nothing|All they see is madness. It’s the same with the other men. They see my situation, not me.
Robin Romm, The Mercy Papers|And then I feel guilty, because I know all these offers are made in vain. I know I cannot get my mother back healthy for a day. ... My mom is sick, sick and dying, and no bargaining will change that. And it's in all the books, bargaining, which makes me embarrassed. Look at me grieving my textbook grief. - 150
Elizabeth A. Lynn, Dragon's Winter|I will take you home, his lord had said. Home. He held to that word, as a man holds to a rope in a raging sea.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I don't like flowers, chocolate, cakes or diamonds either, I am definitely not a hard one to impress.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Discipline is the result of an action, while refinement is a preparation of your calling.
B.C. Yaras|But maybe that was what it meant to grow up and have the seemingly infinite possibility of childhood vanish in an instant. You had to press on, no matter how dark and narrow the path ahead seemed.
VicDo|With its proud wings of the eagle, lighter than air; In harmony with the universe, and always be full-fledged.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|Late modern society is principally concerned with purchasing things, in ever greater abundance and variety, and so has to strive to fabricate an ever greater number of desires to gratify, and to abolish as many limits and prohibitions upon desire as it can. Such a society is already implicitly atheist and so must slowly but relentlessly apply itself to the dissolution of transcendent values. It cannot allow ultimate goods to distract us from proximate goods. Our sacred writ is advertising, our piety is shopping, our highest devotion is private choice. God and the soul too often hinder the purely acquisitive longings upon which the market depends, and confront us with values that stand in stark rivalry to the only truly substantial value at the center of the social universe: the price tag.
Nicole Sager, The Isle of Arcrea|Each of us carries a sleeping tiger inside, and we can’t predict when that cat will wake, stretch, and sharpen its claws.
Carol Ann Duffy|I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.
Brenda Sutton Rose|One day you will just wake up and you will do not want to remember that it was a real fact, what has happened before you fell asleep.
Robert Louis Stevenson|He who indulges habitually in the intoxicating pleasures of imagination, for the very reason that he reaps a greater pleasure than others, must resign himself to a keener pain, a more intolerable and utter prostration.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi contro il potere e la stupidità|I am a scholar of stupidity, so thanks for existing.
Rebecca Timberlake, Independent Will|I also realized by the way he actually cared that I could hurt him, really hurt him, if I wanted to. That's a power no one should ever realize. It's toxic.
Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Waking Up at Rembrandt's|The opposite of busy in today's world is sustained, focused attention. It is deep engagement in activities that really matter to us, or in conversations with those we care about.
Dada Bhagwan|If you want to attain moksha (ultimate liberation), then you cannot give unsolicited advice. Give advice only when it is asked for. In order to give advice, you have to become the chief!
Fidel Castro|There is often talk of human rights, but it is also necessary to talk of the rights of humanity. Why should some people walk barefoot, so that others can travel in luxurious cars? Why should some live for thirty-five years, so that others can live for seventy years? Why should some be miserably poor, so that others can be hugely rich? I speak on behalf of the children in the world who do not have a piece of bread. I speak on the behalf of the sick who have no medicine, of those whose rights to life and human dignity have been denied.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 1|When a man carries an instrument of violence, he'll always find the justification to use it. If we really want to escape this war, we have to stop bringing it with us.
Kamran Niazi|If you are truly a servant of God, then you are to serve him as a master.
Debbianne DeRose, How I Met the Man of My Dreams: a guide to MANifesting yours|When you are mindful of your intuition, you gain a mind full of inspiration.
Marcel Proust, In Search of Lost Time|And there was a beautiful view,But nobody could see.'Cause everyone in the Island was saiyng,Look at me! Look at me!
Shelley K. Wall|From Chloe's Secret--coming soon“What are you saying?”“I’m saying I want to have a relationship with you. I want to love you.”“Is there a ‘but’ coming next?”“But the funny thing is, when I didn’t want to love you—it happened anyway.”He slipped his arms into my back pockets and hugged the breath out of me. I choked, my eyes stung. “I don’t know what to say.”He smiled. “Say whatever you want to. Just because I said it, you don’t have to.”He was right; I didn’t have to. He wasn’t asking anything of me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must never forget our teachers and our lecturers. In their individual capacities have contributed to our academic, professional and personal development.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Henry David Thoreau|My best advice is to be yourself. Unless you’re psychotic, then you might want to try a different tactic.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|I touch the tip of my finger to his lips. "There are secrets in here," I say. "I want them out."He tries to bite my finger.I steal it back.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is competition, one cannot attain (true) 'Knowledge'.
Wilfred M. McClay, Students Guide To U.S. History: U.S. History Guide|The study of history can be sobering and shocking, and morally troubling. One does not have to believe in original sin to do it successfully, but it probably helps. By relentlessly placing on display the pervasive crookedness of humanity's timber, history brings us back to earth, equips us to resist the powerful lure of radical expectations, and reminds us of the grimmer possibilities of human nature--possibilities that, for most people living in most times, have not been the least bit imaginary. With such realizations firmly in hand, we are far better equipped to move forward in the right way.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|They're a little strange, but I'm pretty sure neither of them is going to try to make me uncomfortable by stripping naked.
DaShanne Stokes|If your actions don't live up to your words, you have nothing to say.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Who you spend your time with is who you are, or who you will soon become.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|While many of us give to the hungry orphan, we have forgotten to love her.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire: Redemption|Today the journey is ended,I have worked out the mandates of fate;Naked, alone, undefended,I knock at the Uttermost Gate.Behind is life and its longing,Its trial, its trouble, its sorrow;Beyond is the Infinite MorningOf a day without a tomorrow.Go back to dust and decay,Body, grown weary and old;You are worthless to me from today—No longer my soul can you hold.I lay you down gladly foreverFor a life that is better than this;I go where partings ne'er severYou into oblivion's abyss.Lo, the gate swings wide at my knocking,Across endless reaches I seeLost friends with laughter come flockingTo give a glad welcome to me.Farewell, the maze has been threaded,This is the ending of strife;Say not that death should be dreaded—'Tis but the beginning of life.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|Don't be fooled into thinking that love is special. That it'll fill you up forever. Anyone can fall in love, but only you can make the art you were born for. And that's the kind of happiness that lasts.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|See the big picture and details of everything in your life (zoom out, then zoom in).
Colin Thiele|In my mind, I could sense their roots under the soil, creeping in helical tangles of ever-increasing complexity outward and in all directions—out beyond the perimeter of the Helsingør Wood, out below Yami’s Under City, out along the banks of the river, out to the nearest coast and thereupon out into the sea; the roots crept down further along the continental shelf, downward into the abysses, downward into the ocean floor, burrowing under the corals and under trenches, and then back up again to sprout in the darkened forest on a foreign continent: all the trees of the world now had conjoined roots, for they were now of one conjoined consciousness!
Anthony Venn-Brown, A Life of Unlearning - a journey to find the truth|He's wearing flannel!" Alan yelped. "He's shoving his straight in my face!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It's not about going around trying to stir up trouble. As long as you're honest and you articulate what you believe to be true, somebody somewhere will become your enemy whether you like it or not.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|And now I know why they invented words for love, why they had to: It's the only thing that can come close to describing what I feel in that moment, the baffling mixture of pain and pleasure and fear and joy, all running sharply through me at once.
Marianne Williamson|We're not trying to reinvent the wheel; for any environmental organization to claim sole responsibility for any kind of victory is insane, because everybody attacks these problems as a group.
Matthew Macfadyen|I wanted Cathy and Irving to actually say 'I do' and be pronounced husband and wife on Feb. 5, which is my mom's birthday.
Joseph Brodsky|What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul.
Scott Adams, The Joy of Work: Dilbert's Guide to Finding Happiness at the Expense of Your Co-Workers|By the early-afternoon hours, if your brain is normal, it's running strictly on inertia and reflex. All you can do during those hours are the things that are exactly like other things you've done in similar situations. Creativity is out of the question. You might argue that you don't notice any difference in your thinking during the afternoon. That's because you're too dazed to notice anything during those hours. I'm sure it's true for me; I believe you could set my eyebrows on fire during the afternoon and I wouldn't notice until sometime the next morning.
Eileen Anglin|It is well to give when asked, but it is better to give unasked, through understanding; And to the open-handed the search for one who shall receive is joy greater than giving.
Adam Grant|Women are the strong people in this world, not men. I think TV is finally catching up with that reality, and thank God.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Decide be a success; decide to be great, decide to be above average, decide to do the very best of you. Do you know who a P.O.O.R person is? P.O.O.R people are those who are “Passing On Opportunities Repeatedly”!
Brett Hoebel|What do you actually need? Food, clothing and shelter. Everything else is entertainment.
Elda M. Lopez, The (In)Fidelity Factor|I’ve made her relive, over and over, the last few days,” I say softly, watching Ms. White’s body. “I’ve had to fill in the blanks with my own feelings and experiences. She’s spiraling around those last moments, those times when she went against me, and she’s feeling it from my side, the pain, the betrayal.”She thinks she’s awake. I’m doing to her just what she did to me. I’m making her feel what it was like to slowly go crazy, to question everything. To watch my mother die. To fight for my life against my best friend. To feel the man who loved me try to kill me.To know that the woman I trusted as much as my own mother betrayed me.That’s what I’m making her feel.I’ve turned her into me, and made her live the life she forced me to live.Over and over and over again.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|They were quiet for a while, eating, then Oromis asked, "Can you tell me, What is the most important mental tool a person can possess?"It was a serious question, and Eragon considered it for a reasonable span before he ventured to say, "Determination."Oromis tore the loaf in half with his long white fingers. "I can understand why you arrived at that conclusion-determination has served you well in your adventures-but no. I meant the tool most necessary to choose the best course of action in any given situation. Determination is as common among men who are dull and foolish as it is among those who are brilliant intellects. So, no, determination cannot be what we're looking for.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|Oh no," I said, because if our life is just one endless song about hope and regret, then "oh no" is apparently that song's chorus, the words we always return to.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|You said you were having a dream.” “It’s true, I did.” “Was it the one where you’re inside the girl and you are pumping her and pumping her and you are so happy but then it turns out it’s not a girl, it’s really one of those super poisonous box jellyfish, and it stings you and you are screaming and screaming and the sky rains the diarrhea of babies?” “The . . . no, I don’t think so.” “I get that sometimes. Anyway, see you around.
Andrea Kayne Kaufman, Oxford Messed Up|Gloria watched the swollen white orb of a hot-air balloon rising over Navy Pier and knew she had to break it off with Oliver, for he was the type who would never enjoy hot-air balloons, Van Morrison songs, or mess, whether from orgasm or otherwise. But who was she to be dreaming about mess today?
Elizabeth Kerner|The Song of the Winged Ones is a song of celebration, written as though the singer were standing on the Dragon Isle watching the dragons flying in the sun. The words are full of wonder at the beauty of the creatures; and there is a curious pause in the middle of one of the stanzas near the end, where the singer waits a full four measures in silence for those who listen to hear the music of distant dragon wings. It seldom fails to bring echoes of something beyond the silence, and is almost never performed because many bards fear it.I love it.
Dalal Gebara|If only there was a way to escape this reality, if only there was a way to erase all this formality, if only there was a way to figure out your mentality, if only there was a way to rid all the theatricality, if only...however sadly all we think of is practicality, so we will never reach any finality.
H. V. Adolt|You also have a part to play in this adventure, and that part was written for you before you long before you were born.''Are you saying I have no choice?''We all have choices. But our decisions are already known.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|He learned that kisses and touches and professions of love could make you forget, and that the more he was with Kieran, the more he wanted to be with him and not with anyone else.
Robert Kiyosaki|I have a profound empathy for people who are in the public eye, whether they manifest it themselves or whether it happened by accident - it doesn't matter to me. I think there's a great misunderstanding of what it is to be famous.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I know I could’ve been on the other side of the line too. I refuse to accept injustice and inequality because I know it can be against any one of us, our brothers and sisters and friends and family. I know it’s personal. I know this is our only chance, our only planet, our only shot. And, I know this is my brick.
Stan Brakhage|How many colors are there in a field of grass to the crawling baby unaware of "green"?
Susan Weitzman, Not To People Like Us: Hidden Abuse In Upscale Marriages|But if he is angry at the world for doing him harm, why does he take it out on his loving partner? Couldn’t he just as readily express his rage by playing racquetball or pounding pillows. His ideas about her role seem paradoxical. On the one hand, the narcissistic husband has vested his wife with tremendous power. She is necessary for his self-repair, but instead of valuing her and seeking comfort in her arms, he beats and humiliates her. Because he sees her as available to meet any and all of his needs, he releases his rage and any self-hate at her; such an act helps him ultimately feel powerful again, making him realize he is not weak and shattered.When the narcissistic man eels the terror and rage associated with his own internal fragmentation, his outburst restores his sense of power and control. He turns the anger expanding within him away from himself, toward his wife. He insists that she’s the defective one, she’s to blame, because she has not met his needs. Such acts of externalization are key to the NPD batterer. His violent behavior restores his self-esteem. He believes that his actions are not his fault; he is just trying to take care of himself.
Giuliana Rancic, I Do, Now What?: Secrets, Stories, and Advice from a Madly-in-Love Couple|Try not to worry, for time is a great healer.' Such words were futile.
Meles Zenawi|I guess I'm a good manager now. Moreover, I'm loving the concept of donning the producer's hat. It's all very exciting as well as a great learning experience. You're a part of a film right from its conception to its execution, and that's an amazing feeling.
E. Norman Torry, Round My Library Fire: A Book about Books|A fig for your precious society with its bridge parties, its inane chatter, its cheap mentality; its dances and vulgar banquets; its snobbery and cheap pretension. The humblest library can show you upon a single shelf better society and far more select company than all the drawing-rooms of Europe, America, and South Africa.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma|That porch is a happy-looking place, and my father - burdened, stoop-shouldered, cadaverously thin - doesn't seem to belong on it.
N. Scott Momaday, House Made of Dawn|Coyotes have the gift of seldom being seen; they keep to the edge of vision and beyond, loping in and out of cover on the plains and highlands. And at night, when the whole world belongs to them, they parley at the river with the dogs, their higher, sharper voices full of authority and rebuke. They are an old council of clowns, and they are listened to.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|Antonia was very conscious of the corrosive power of envy and felt that it was this emotion, more than any other, which lay behind human unhappiness. People did not realise how widespread envy was.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you must make your time productive, then begin to view time in its most urgent form; in seconds and in minutes.
Kahlil Gibran|Dig anywhere in the earth and you will find a treasure, only you must dig with the faith of a peasant.
Bill Ayers|You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.
Charles Dickens, Barnaby Rudge|They continued to run together for the next thirty minutes. Not a word between them, only the unspoken pulse of the run. Jacob believed runners shared an implicit doctrine: push through the pain to hit a point where it doesn't hurt anymore.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Triple Agent, Double Cross|It was one thing to be fooled, and another thing to be taken for a fool all the time.
Erik Tanghe|When the sun shines, there seems to be much more dust in the air.Dirt can only be seen and properly removed by flooding it with white light
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog.
Betty White|Working on newspapers, you're writing to a certain length, often very brief pieces; you tend to look for easy forms of humor - women can't drive, things like that. That's about the level of a lot of newspaper humor. It becomes a form of laziness.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|The Boss is an honorable man. After the Lord, the most godly person I've ever met.""You've met God?""Certainly. I telephone Him every night.
Quentin Tarantino, From Dusk Till Dawn|So crosses don't do anything against your kind?" Sean asked."No," Arland said. "There is no mystical force repelling us.""Then why?""We're forbidden to kill a creature in a moment of prayer or invocation of their deity. Well, we can, technically, but you have to do penance and purify yourself and nobody wants to spend weeks praying and bathing themselves in the sacred cave springs. The water's only a fraction warmer than ice. When one of you holds up a cross, it's difficult to determine whether you're praying, invoking, or just waving it around. So the sane strategy is to back away.
Pamela Schloesser Canepa, Seeing Through Sampson's Eyes|Learning to think for yourself is how you separate yourself from your parents and make the transition from being a child to being an adult, though part of maturity is being able to take opposing viewpoints into consideration.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|Baseball was a safe bet. Baseball also didn't have a girlfriend. Then again, baseball didn't have big brown eyes or show a little hint of cleavage under its uniforms. Decisions, decisions.
John Ortberg|We complicate our faith and lives in many ways, but at the core, our purpose is simple: We are called to love.
Jane Urquhart, The Stone Carvers|I don't know what I mean, but I know I believe it.
Jojo Moyes, After You|When someone we love is snatched from us, it often feels very hard to make plans.Sometimes people feel like they have lost faith in the future, or they become superstitious.
Philip Caputo, Ghosts of Tsavo: Stalking the Mystery Lions of East Africa|Crossing the meadow, he came again to the mouth of the cave where he had stood so undecided only the twilight before. Knowing what he would find, he yet wanted the final confirmation. Pushing the evergreen branches aside from the smooth rock on the right side of the opening he found, deeply carved in the rock, an Ankh, Egyptian symbol of ever-lasting life, made possible only by the union of male and female. Partly covered by lichens, weather-worn by centuries of storm, it remained as he had seen it in his first dream. It was the first cross, and on it, generation by generation, humanity had crucified itself in order that future generations might live.("The God Wheel")
Avril Ashton, A Sinner Born|I hurt myself,” Syren bit out. “I make myself bleed and it feels good. It eases the pressure inside me, but it never lasts for long.” His lips trembled. “Before I slept in your bed, I’d never had a full night’s sleep. Before I crawled into your arms I’d never been safe.” He shuffled forward. “You give me that. You hold that power and you can take it away.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|He wished he could show her the memory of the very first timehe’d laid eyes upon her. A random moment, his window to herworld, and yet ithad pierced his excuse for a soul as if it were destiny. As if shewere his destiny. A thousand times he’d looked through the realms,but oneglimpse had forever changed their paths.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|Shiva and Saleem, victor and victim; understand our rivalry, and you will gain understanding of the age in which you live. (The reverse of this statement is also true.)
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not how fast a tree grows, but how well. It is not how big a fruit is, but how sweet.
James Fenton|God, A Poem 'I didn't exist at Creation, I didn't exist at the Flood, And I won't be around for SalvationTo sort out the sheep from the cud-'Or whatever the phrase is. The fact isIn soteriological termsI'm a crude existential malpracticeAnd you are a diet of worms
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Now I wonder if it means that the future is a place, or like a place, that I could go to; that is go to in some way otherthan just getting older.
Fela Durotoye|You may or may not make a million dollars in life, a song may not be sung in praise of you, monuments may not be erected in your name but promise me this: to live life fully, to give wholeheartedly, to do your best with what you have, to impact souls, to use your gifts and talents to serve humanity, to live, love and leave a legacy in your own way.
Amelia Hutchins, Playing with Monsters|AMELIA: To my friends, and family: You all may be batsh*t crazy, but even if I got to choose, I’d still choose to be with you. Life is fragile, and tomorrow is never a sure thing, so thanks for sharing your lives with me.....
Andrew Lang, The Rose Fairy Book|Creators of literary fairy tales from the 17th-century onward include writers whose works are still widely read today: Charles Perrault (17th-century France), Hans Christian Andersen (19th-century Denmark), George Macdonald and Oscar Wilde (19th-century England). The Brothers Grimm (19th-century Germany) blurred the line between oral and literary tales by presenting their German "household tales" as though they came straight from the mouths of peasants, though in fact they revised these stories to better reflect their own Protestant ethics. It is interesting to note that these canonized writers are all men, since this is a reversal from the oral storytelling tradition, historically dominated by women. Indeed, Straparola, Basile, Perrault, and even the Brothers Grimm made no secret of the fact that their source material came largely or entirely from women storytellers. Yet we are left with the impression that women dropped out of the history of fairy tales once they became a literary form, existing only in the background as an anonymous old peasant called Mother Goose.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The sense of ownership is one reason why abuse tends to get worse as relationships get more serious. The more history and commitment that develop in the couple, the more the abuser comes to think of his partner as a prized object. Possessiveness is at the core of the abuser’s mindset, the spring from which all the other streams spout; on some level he feels that he owns you and therefore has the right to treat you as he sees fit.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|But me They cannot touch, Old age and death. The strange And ignominious end of old Dead folk!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|My dad once said... "Some friends are like "rubber wrappers"; they bind with you safely but get weaker when you stretch them too much". Treat your friends with care, else the elasticity of their love for you may not go lasting!
Philip Roth, Operation Shylock: A Confession|She said to herself: 'Is not the gown the natural raiment of extremity? What nation, what religion, what ghost, what dream has not worn it—infants, angels, priests, the dead; why—should not the doctor, in the grave dilemma of his alchemy, wear his dress?' She thought: 'He dresses to lie beside himself, who is so constructed that love, for him, can be only something special; in a room that giving back evidence of his occupancy, is as mauled as the last agony.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you have few days to live your life, what will be your passion for last days?
Neil Gaiman, Make Good Art|The one thing you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. The moment that you feel that just possibly you are walking down the street naked…that’s the moment you may be starting to get it right.
Michelle Franklin|Never underestimate the audacity of the small minded and slightly crapulous.A rather bleezed young neighbour decided to have a grammar battle with me. It lasted all of two seconds.I said something slightly amicable, and he responded with, “You sure that's how you use that word?”I put down my laundry basket and turned to him slowly and deliberately.“Do you really want to have this discussion with me, son, or do you want to go home and rethink your life?”He grumbled and vanished.
Navessa Allen, Scandal|People like you don’t go mad, Vi. They’re quiet on the outside and loud on the inside and sane as the day is long
Rob Shepherd, The Grays Anatomy|Those who understand the complexities of human nature know that joy and pain, ugliness and beauty, love and hate, mercy and cruelty and other conflicting emotions often blend and cannot be separated from each other.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|No flower is happy in a vase, because vase is nothing but an ornate coffin for the flower.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|I suppose that saves us from having to determine what to do with a butler who goes around killing people. It certainly reflects badly upon our domestic staff. Still, I shall miss him. There was a man who knew how to brew a good cup of tea.
Russell Banks|A chronic invalid has but one thought about his identity: He doesn't want to be a sick man. The rest of the discussion seems frivolous to him-an immense privilege of the healthy. Still, I'm a novelist, and so I pursue it.
Tushar Upreti, The Days Of Childhood|Every book has it's destiny, Like a human life , Sometime when an Author is dead the destiny of the book begins" The days of Childhood !!!!!
Lucy Parker|lights twinkled in little casements; which lights, as the casements darkened, and more stars came out, seemed to have shot up into the sky instead of having been extinguished
Rofithah Omar|Sometimes, we become afraid to change because others judgment and opinions. Then, we making puerile excuses to please others, not ourselves.
Debasish Mridha|When someone can love without judging, he is truly wise.
D.R. Silva|The worst tragedy of sin isn't that it produced bad behavior, but that it produced the idea that bad behavior is strong enough to deflect love.
LeBron James|Hope cannot be said to exist, nor can it be said not to exist. It is just like roads across the earth. For actually the earth had no roads to begin with, but when many men pass one way, a road is made.
Gordon Korman, One False Note|He watched in awe as she stacked up an enormous armload of music. "There," she finished, slapping Frank Zappa's Greatest Hits on top of the pile. "That should do for a start." "You are a music lover," said the wide-eyed cashier. "No, I'm a kleptomaniac." And she dashed out the door. He was so utterly shocked that it took him a moment to run after her. With a meaningful nod in the direction of the astounded Cahills, she barreled down the cobblestone street with her load. "Fermati!" shouted the cashier, scrambling in breathless pursuit. Nellie let a few CDs drop and watched with satisfaction over her shoulder as the clerk stopped to pick them up. The trick would be to keep the chase going just long enough for Amy and Dan to search Disco Volante. Yikes, she reflected suddenly, I'm starting to think like a Cahill.... And if she was nuts enough to hang around this family, it was only going to get worse.
Christina Engela|Religious extremism is fatal to those who don't conform to its values, or remold or submit themselves to its 'principles'. It craves control and power - and power is the one tool that enables it to wreak its characteristic havoc, destruction and cruelty upon those it chooses to label as scapegoats. Giving in to extremists enables them and empowers them - and worse, it encourages them.
Lea DeLaria|The Bible tells us that Jesus Christ came to do three things. He came to have my past forgiven, you get a purpose for living and a home in Heaven.
Anonymous|If you are still searching for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|You come before the judgment seat of God full of rebellion and mistakes. Because of his justice he cannot dismiss your sin, but because of his love he cannot dismiss you. So, in an act which stunned the heavens, he punished himself on the cross for your sins. God’s justice and love are equally honored. And you, God’s creation, are forgiven.
James Ellroy, Destination: Morgue!|There's a kid or some kids somewhere. I'll never know them. They're particle-puzzle-cubing right now. They might be mini-misanthropes from Moosefart, Montana. They might be demi-dystopians from Dogdick, Delaware. They dig my demonic dramas. The metaphysic maims them. They grasp the gravity. They'll duke it out with their demons. They'll serve a surfeit of survival skills. They won't be chronologically crucified.They'll shore up my shit. They'll radically revise it. They'll pass it along.
Valerie Harper|Mother’s tenderness toward my younger sisters caused more tears to pool in my eyes. I felt too old to be hugged and caressed by her, yet my body yearned for her touch; at least this once. I couldn't recall the last time she had shared the same warmth with me. The countless months of hardship had created an ocean of distance between us. It would be too awkward to hug her now. I sat across from her with tear-stained cheeks, wondering if she could feel my sadness and if she knew I loved her unconditionally.
Becky  Chambers, A Closed and Common Orbit|I love learning. I love history. But there's history in everything. Every building, everybody you talk to. It's not limited to libraries and museums. I think people who spend their lives in school forget that sometimes. -Tak
Drishti Bablani, Wordions|A few years ago, a taxi driver told me about a club & a dog. A waiter spoke to me about ladders today. Life is full of lessons for those who listen.
Alexander McQueen|Clothes and jewellery should be startling, individual. When you see a woman in my clothes, you want to know more about them. To me, that is what distinguishes good designers from bad designers.
Andrew Solomon|I mean that I discovered there's a difference between acceptance and reignation - one is positive, the other is negative. Acceptance opens the door of hope wide, while resignation slams it shut. One says God is good and loves us, and the other says He is harsh and doesn't care. Abraham chose to 'accept' God's will, knowing full well that God loved him and not only wanted the best for him, but knew exactly what that 'best' would be. Neither is easy when it means relinquishing the desires of our heart, but 'acceptance' promises that God will bless our obedience with a greater good. 'Resignation,' however, can sever our relationship with God, which leaves us on our own, resulting in darkness and despair.
Benjamin Franklin|You may delay, but time will not.
Georges Simenon, Maigret a peur|Savez-vous que c'est à cause de cette recherche de ce que j'appellerais les compensations, cette rechercher d'un bonheur malgré tout, que naissent les manies et, souvent, les déséquilibres.
Aristotle, Politics|Anyone who denies the law of non-contradiction should be beaten and burned until he admits that to be beaten is not the same as not to be beaten, and to be burned is not the same as not to be burned.
Morris West|One has to abandon altogether the search for security, and reach out to the risk of living with both arms. One has to court doubt and darkness as the cost of knowing.
Alison Bechdel, Are You My Mother?|Look, hasn't my body already felt like the body of a flower?
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|I thought, Dad.Could I go to Vietnam for you?Dad, I could do it. I could do it for you. I could go to the places you fought. I could find the bits and pieces of your heart and soul left behind. If I bring them back, would it heal your pain?Dad, you gave me life. You made possible every good thing in my life. Why do you insist on fighting your nightmares and memories and monsters alone?You don’t have to do it alone, Dad. I could help you fight.Dad, you know what?I’ll be back before you find out so you don’t have to be afraid. I’m going to Vietnam.
D.K. LeVick, Bridges: A Tale of Niagara|By the time we began to understand enough about what the world to ask the right questions, our visit is over, and someone else is visiting, asking the same questions.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Notice the difference: A child’s disability is the focus in traditional classroom settings, but his abilities are the focus in the homeschool environment.
Aristotle|For me, it's about camaraderie. My whole life is like, if something's going on, nothing ever preceded fun. I always put my friends and the fun and the business ahead of everything.
Debra Messing|Happiness is a direction, not a place.
Sue Whitaker, Remember Remember 2nd Edition|I didn't feel very lucky. Why me, I kept asking myself. Why had this happened to me?
Ron Chernow|Talk about corporate greed and everything is really crucially beside the point, in my view, and really should be recognized as a very big regression from what working people, and a lot of others, understood very well a century ago. Talk about corporate greed is nonsense. Corporations are greedy by their nature. They’re nothing else – they are instruments for interfering with markets to maximize profit, and wealth and market control. You can’t make them more or less greedy; I mean maybe you can sort of force them, but it’s like taking a totalitarian state and saying “Be less brutal!” Well yeah, maybe you can get a totalitarian state to be less brutal, but that’s not the point – the point is not to get a tyranny to be less brutal, but to get rid of it. Now 150 years ago, that was understood. If you read the labour press – there was a very lively labour press, right around here [Massachusetts] ; Lowell and Lawrence and places like that, around the mid nineteenth century, run by artisans and what they called factory girls; young women from the farms who were working there – they weren’t asking the autocracy to be less brutal, they were saying get rid of it. And in fact that makes perfect sense; these are human institutions, there’s nothing graven in stone about them. They [corporations] were created early in this century with their present powers, they come from the same intellectual roots as the other modern forms of totalitarianism – namely Stalinism and Fascism – and they have no more legitimacy than they do. I mean yeah, let’s try and make the autocracy less brutal if that’s the short term possibility – but we should have the sophistication of, say, factory girls in Lowell 150 years ago and recognize that this is just degrading and intolerable and that, as they put it “those who work in the mills should own them ” And on to everything else, and that’s democracy – if you don’t have that, you don’t have democracy.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|No, you become a man when you first decide to put away the things of childhood, the talk of childhood, and the thoughts of childhood. You decide because you cannot be treated as both a man and a boy. Because you are either one or the other, but you are not both . . .
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says About You|Three of them have the gift of sight but two of them ignore it when what they want most is to believe "this one" will be different.
Kilroy J. Oldster|Boredom is the root of all evil. It is very curious that boredom, which itself has such a calm and sedate nature, can have such a capacity to initiate motion. The effect that boredom brings about is absolutely magical, but this effect is one not of attraction but of repulsion.
Peter L. Bergen|A potlatch is similar to a court case in that both are prohibitively expensive; both involve lengthy speeches and the vigorous examination and debate of the actions, rights and legal responsibilities of the participants. One has food, singing and spiritual rites; the other, not so much.
Janet Evanovich, Eleven on Top|I don't have a lot of domestic instincts," Ranger said to me, his attention fixing on the unidentifiable glob in my hair, "but I have a real strong urge to take you home and hose you down."I went dry mouth. Connie bit into her lower lip, and Lula fanned herself with a file.
Daisy Whitney, The Mockingbirds|Swear to God, for someone so obsessed with music, she’s borderline tone deaf. But trying to describe how I felt watching her dance around and sing would be like trying to build a skyscraper with my bare hands. It made me want to marry her. Made me want to buy her a magic airplane and fly her away to a place where nothing bad could ever happen. Made me want to pour rubber cement all over my chest and then lay down on top of her so that we’d be stuck together, and so it would hurt like hell if we ever tried to tear ourselves apart.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Have you ever listened to a song from a long time ago; from your past; a song that was filled with so many memories tied to it, that you felt it so deeply- that it made you cry? And did you listen to it again, intentionally, for a second time? So you could travel back in time through that song; back when everything seemed so much simpler, basic, carefree? Those are the songs that are the soundtracks of our lives… the ones that bring back childhood memories, deep feelings, snapshots of our lives (or short videos), best friends, first loves, first heartbreaks… births, deaths. Our lives are like the record albums that we used to play just a few years ago; just yesterday. We played some of the songs over and over again- to the point of which we can sing along with every word as we play it. Other songs seem somewhat unfamiliar, as we rarely go back to listen to them; we skip over them or we barely listen to the start of it before we turn off the record player. But just like on a record album and just like in our memories, you can't cut a song out off an album... just like you can't cut out a memory. The songs and memories remain there, side by side; the good ones, the bad ones, the ones that thrill us and the ones that hurt. Those are the songs that our lives are composed of. Those are the songs that we chase back, back into our our own memories in our private and personal musical time machines.
Richard Branson|It is not the body's posture, but the heart's attitude that counts when we pray.
Thomas Szasz, Law, Liberty and Psychiatry|The way I look at it is this: If you try to obey the law, and the judges call you a criminal anyway, then you might as well live up to the name.
Amy Rachel Peterson, Perpetua: A Bride, a Martyr, a Passion|I’d decided last night, and strengthened my resolve this morning, to have eyes for no man but Jesus. If intimacy was really what He desired most, then I desired it too. I felt strangely free from life as I had known it…
Charlotte Featherstone, Sinful|Always ask any questions that are to be asked and never answer any. Turn everything you hear to your own advantage. Always carry a repair outfit. Take left turns as much as possible. Never apply your front brake first.‘If you follow them’, said the Sergeant, ‘you will save your soul and never get a fall on a slippery road.
Magnus Carlsen|You can model experiments on computers now and then execute them, and you don't actually need a fully stocked lab.
Gillian Flynn, Dark Places|That is her secret. A poor and precious secret that not even the executioners, the decrees, the occupying authorities, the Depot, the barracks, the camps, History, time-everything that defiles and destroys you-have been able to take away from her.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|There was never an accident.Rebecca was not drowned at all. I killed her.I shot Rebecca in the cottage in the cove.I carried her body to the cabin, and took the boat out that night and sunk it there, where they found it today.It's Rebecca who's lying dead there on the cabin floor.Will you look into my eyes and tell me that you love me now?
Jill Shalvis, Once in a Lifetime|If I have learned anything over this last year it’s that you have to live your own life too so that if something we hoped for doesn’t work out, you still have two legs to stand on, you still have your own path.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|The flames of their passion illuminated the dimly lit room, filling it with a blazing fire which was either brilliantly beautiful or dangerously violent.
Thomas Paine|Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts.
Alin Sav|Poor people waste time, rich people save time. Poor people who invest time are no longer poor.
John Burroughs, The Light of Day (Volume 11); Religious Discussions and Criticisms from the Naturalist's Point of View|The universe is so unhuman, that is, it goes its way with so little thought of man. He is but an incident, not an end. We must adjust our notions to the discovery that things are not shaped to him, but that he is shaped to them. The air was not made for his lungs, but he has lungs because there is air; the light was not created for his eye, but he has eyes because there is light. All the forces of nature are going their own way; man avails himself of them, or catches a ride as best he can. If he keeps his seat, he prospers; if he misses his hold and falls, he is crushed.
John Tyndall, Faraday as a Discoverer|Air, an undervalued necessity, that earns your gratitude when you inhale it for the last time
Michael Korda|Construction of the first gas pipeline system was started during the 1960s, at the height of the Cold War, and for all those years, from the 1960s until this day, Russia has been fulfilling its contract obligations in a very consistent and reliable way, regardless of the political situation.
Simon Newcomb|There is a shortage of teachers but the January 2001 schools census showed that teacher numbers were at their highest level than at any time since 1984 - and 11,000 higher than 1997.
Lorrie Moore, Bark: Stories|She is afraid of divorce, which will free her, as she was not enough afraid of marriage, which trapped her.
Rick Santorum|Moving out to L.A. for me was a leap of faith. I was very secure in my dinner theater world; I loved it, and I was just like, 'I think there's something else out there for me and I just have to go for it.'
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender|There is no such thing as coincidence, only hitsuzen.
Roshan Sharma|Your mind is not part of the brain, but its part of the spirit. The appearance of the mind is like subtle clothing that covers the whole brain, heart and body, and all the images, thought process, feelings, emotions, dreams, desires, experience and impressions of life, take place, inside of that clothing.
Sarah Vowell|Just the other day, I was in my neighborhood Starbucks, waiting for the post office to open. I was enjoying a chocolatey cafe mocha when it occurred to me that to drink a mocha is to gulp down the entire history of the New World. From the Spanish exportation of Aztec cacao, and the Dutch invention of the chemical process for making cocoa, on down to the capitalist empire of Hershey, PA, and the lifestyle marketing of Seattle's Starbucks, the modern mocha is a bittersweet concoction of imperialism, genocide, invention, and consumerism served with whipped cream on top.
Martin Luther|Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man.
Diana Wynne Jones, Castle in the Air|Oh, I am fortune's fool!
Ronnie Cornelisz|love is just a further impetus, not something that will prevent us going forward. We do not realize that those who genuinely wish us well want us to be happy and are prepared to accompany us on that journey.
J.J. Abrams, S.|The thing is: you might be right to trust someone at one point, but they can change.""+ in between they must be drifting from trustworthy to not. But you can't tell how far they've drifted until it's too late.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|To irrational principles, one cannot be loyal. Ideas that are not derived from reality cannot be consistently practiced in reality.--as quoted by Leonard Peikoff in "Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand
Tanmaya Guru|M. I’ve never really thought of M objectively before, as another person. She’s always been my mother I’ve hated or been ashamed of. Yet of all the lame ducks I’ve met or heard of, she’s the lamest. I’ve never given her enough sympathy. I haven’t given her this last year (since I left home) one half of the consideration I’ve given the beastly creature upstairs just this last week. I feel that I could overwhelm her with love now. Because I haven’t felt so sorry for her for years. I’ve always excused myself—I’ve said, I’m kind and tolerant with everyone else, she’s the one person I can’t be like that with, and there has to be an exception to the general rule. So it doesn’t matter. But of course that’s wrong. She’s the last person that should be an exception to the general rule.Minny and I have so often despised D for putting up with her. We ought to go down onour knees to him.
William Butler Yeats|We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent  "here and now " without any possible postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Success or Failure, there should always be a Drive to Keep on Creating.
Joshua Waitzkin|But the important thing about learning to wait, I feel sure, is to know what you are waiting for.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|John Hay indicates that dealing with people directly as a holder of political office "requires a stronger heart and a more obedient nervous system than I possess.
Jenny Han, Shug|People are gonna disappoint you sometimes. We’re flawed creatures. Not one of us is perfect, not even you, and you’ve gotta let people mess up and then you’ve gotta forgive them. That’s just life.
Finbarr O'Reilly, Shooting Ghosts: A U.S. Marine, a Combat Photographer, and Their Journey Back from War|My sense of self hinges upon the belief that what I do matters. That belief has compelled me to venture far from home life, and to immerse myself in the lives of strangers in the hope that my work will have an impact and connect people in some intangible way, that I can contribute some greater good.
Christina Aguilera|The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Not just beautiful, though--the stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing. And they're watching me.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|If you do not take the time to be with yourself, in your own space, you miss Plugging In to the Universe and connecting with yourself. Moreover, in that you miss recognizing all your ‘angels’ or people who will nourish and nurture your life and you theirs.
Bonnie Hamlin|Gathering your own reference materials, sketches and using your own imagination is going to help you grow as an artist far more than stealing someone else's work.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|When we are meditating in a haunted graveyard, or even in our rooms, frightening external and internal appearances may arise during Chöd practice. If this happens, check the two 'superstitions'—the external, frightening appearance, and the internal appearance of the inherently existent 'I' that is frightened. Do they exist from their own sides? With determination, check for the 'I' that experiences fear, whether of a sight or a sound. Recalling that our purpose is to compassionately sacrifice ourselves to the spirits, and remembering emptiness of the three spheres of giving, we mix our minds with space and visualize the spirits consuming our bodies as well as our sense of an inherently existent self. After the spirits have eaten the body, again investigate the two superstitions. It is by checking for the independent 'I' that we come to realize emptiness.
Charlotte McKinney|When I was pregnant. I exercised and was healthy, but it was also the first time since I was 14 that I wasn't on a diet.
Omer Bartov, Mirrors of Destruction: War, Genocide, and Modern Identity|It were indeed to be wish'd that our art had been less ingenious, in contriving means destructive to mankind; we mean those instruments of war, which were unknown to the ancients, and have made such havoc among the moderns. But as men have always been bent on seeking each other's destruction by continual wars; and as force, when brought against us, can only be repelled by force; the chief support of war, must, after money, be now sought in chemistry.
Jessie J|I've been interested in dreams myself for a long time, and it's a big part of the Indian tradition, especially where I was brought up in Calcutta in my family, which is quite traditional.
Anthony T. Kronman, Education's End: Why Our Colleges and Universities Have Given Up on the Meaning of Life|The question of how to spend my life, of what my life is for, is a question posed only to me, and I can no more delegate the responsibility for answering it than I can delegate the task of dying.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House on the Prairie|One day in the woods he met an Indian. They stood in the wet, cold woods and looked at each other, and they could not talk because they did not know each other's words
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Most true is it that 'beauty is in the eye of the gazer.' My master’s colourless, olive face, square, massive brow, broad and jetty eyebrows, deep eyes, strong features, firm, grim mouth, — all energy, decision, will, — were not beautiful, according to rule; but they were more than beautiful to me; they were full of an interest, an influence that quite mastered me, — that took my feelings from my own power and fettered them in his. I had not intended to love him; the reader knows I had wrought hard to extirpate from my soul the germs of love there detected; and now, at the first renewed view of him, they spontaneously arrived, green and strong! He made me love him without looking at me.
Karl Lagerfeld|For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.
Suzanne D. Williams, Fearless|You're never going to walk around fear. You're only going to walk through it. I have to do all those things I am afraid of, but I do them constantly renewing my mind.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must treasure our memories just as we cherish our dreams because without dreams and memory human life would be sad, brutal, and meaningless.
Alice Clayton, Nuts|They made burning statements with questions, and killing tools out of laughs. It was mass cruelty. A mood come alive. Words walking without master...
Tiffany Reisz, The Siren|A Master is not someone who merely revels in the benefits that he reaps from the power and control that he wields over his sub. A Master is not just an automaton who emotionally doles out orders and watches with amusement as his minions perform his bidding. A Master is not a person who only relishes the benefits that his superior status entitles him. Certainly all of these characteristics could and often do exist within a Master. He may be demanding and at times selfish. He may genuinely enjoy and even be aroused by the power that he has over a sub. He may be able to expertly control his emotions, issuing his commands and enforcing his discipline with stone-faced determination. But a true Master, a Master such as Matt, was so invested in his sub that he was actually in a way a slave himself. He was a slave to his love for me. He was a slave to his responsibility. He was a slave to the passion and the commitment. He was a slave to his overwhelming desire to protect his property at all costs. He was a slave to his slave. I knew without questions that he loved me so much he'd literally lay down his life for me. He owned me, and his ownership owned him
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't become a random photograph in the eyes of friends, and even your enemies, for each glance at your face will cause a declination of value and reputation. Create value, through scarcity.
Robin S. Sharma|I am a dreamer. Seriously, I'm living on another planet.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|How do you wipe away pain? You don’t. You put in tenderness, compassion and joy. You cling to hope and then you offer everything to God. And you wait, with faith you see all things anew – light shines out from darkness, happiness grows through every pain, and all things become indeed so very beautiful in His time.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I am so miserable, there are so many questions, I can see no way out and am so wretched and feeble that I could lie forever on the sofa and keep opening and closing my eyes without knowing the difference.
Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia|Ignorance, when voluntary, is criminal, and a man may be properly charged with that evil which he neglected or refused to learn how to prevent.
Goitsemang Mvula|Be the fire when they feel cold, you go out, they are without
Lionel Suggs|..."Are you okay?" he says, still looking at me, and I feel my smile slip, fade, and the silence that falls over us then is so total I can’t hear anything, not the rush-hiss of my heart pounding in my chest, not the sounds all around us; insects, wind, and the distant clatter of others’ lives in houses built close but not too close because when we look out our windows we all like to pretend that everything we see is ours. But Ryan is not mine.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Now,young lady,I suppose you're here for a work assignment."Work?" Tally said.They both looked down at her puzzled expression, and Shay burst into laughter.
Kin Hubbard|The pimp has a grin, never a smile.
Dani Harper|Although only three legs would obey him, the white wolf began to run. Run, to outpace the agony that could rip and tear a human heart. Run, to outdistance the human grief that could not be borne. Run, to be as the moon, a swift white shape gleaming in the night. Run, to be a wolf and only a wolf.As he raced away into the welcoming arms of the night, James was only fleetingly aware that he had just buried his human self alongside Evelyn.And then he was aware of nothing.
Lynda Williams, Holy war|The happiness of a family is such a complex matter. Like a table laid out with a tea service, it looks so ordinary until it's threatened. Then it becomes infinitely precious.
Adedayo Olabamiji|You don't need to be everyone, nothing is ever awesome than to be comfortable in your own skin.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The universal laws of nature including the thermodynamic principles of entropy govern the relationships between interconnected organisms. The notion of internal thermodynamic equilibrium assure us that the powerful energy reserves of one person will always rush in to fill the void or vacuum in another person. Thus I will always register your mystical presence in my quiescent mind, your hallow echo fills the hollow space of my very being. You are the external reflection of my innermost want, the personification of a world that lies outside my conscious reach, ethereal substance of the soul, the guiding hand that my unconscious mind instinctually gropes for in order to make me complete.
Genevieve Gerard|I am.I am grateful for my existence.I am grateful for being who I am.I know that what is, needs to be.I am grateful for knowing my divine nature.I am grateful for choosing to explore physicality.I am grateful for my choice of being, where I am.I am grateful for my choice of being kind and loving.I am grateful for all that I have,including those powers, which I am not aware of now,but I remember them in the eternal now.I am grateful for love and compassionI choose to act on.I am grateful for every being I interact with.I am grateful for all my creation.I am grateful for the perception of universal equality.I recognise everything and everyone as a reflection of one sourcewithin which all other sources are contained.I recognise myself as a part of oneness.I recognise myself as the source of my energy.I am grateful for our Mother Gaiawho feeds all her children.I am grateful for nourishing Gaiawith my joy and peace.I raise the feeling of gratitude within my loving heart.I allow the energy of gratitudeto lead all my stepsknowing that I am always led to lovewhen I practice love.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|News told, rumors heard, truth implied, facts buried.
Ahmed Alibage|Words work like keys. When you use them appropriately, you can unlock any locked heart.
D.D. Ayres, Rival Forces|She scooted up tighter and kissed him, hearing the stomp and rhythm of lust pulse in her blood. A rhythm as primitive as time.
Irvine Welsh, Skagboys|A junkie runs on junk time. When his junk is cut off, the clock runs down and stops. All he can do is hang on and wait for non-junk time to start. A sick junkie has no escape from external time, no place to go. He can only wait.
Bryce Courtenay|Throughout my teenage years, I read 'A Christmas Carol' by Charles Dickens every December. It was a story that never failed to excite me, for as well as being a Dickens enthusiast, I have always loved ghost stories.
Mae West|It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.
Rodney Ulyate|Abraham Lincoln said, Patents Add Fuel to the Fire of Genius. What the great man did not say is that Too Much Fuel Can Burn the Genius
Jean-Paul Sartre|A human being who wakened in the morning with a queesy stomach, with fifteen hours to kill before next bedtime, had not much use for freedom.
Theodore Roosevelt|All my life I'd been told what to believe about politics, coloreds, being a girl. But with Constantine's thumb pressed in my hand, I realized I actually had a choice in what I could believe.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|Politics exists in every organization, We can not deny
Daniel Clowes|Around about now, young John Owen comes out of the shack lugging my old musket from the War. At six years of age, our youngest boy already knew his business. Not a word, just brings the shooting iron somewhat closer so's he don't waste powder, then hoists her up, set to haul back on the trigger. I believe his plan was to shoot this feller, get the story later.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You don't have to be strong, because the strength is in you; it's in your DNA, in your soul and your essence.
Karen Swan, Christmas in the Snow|Here’s an Advent illustration for kids — and those of us who used to be kids and remember what it was like. Suppose you and your mom get separated in the grocery store, and you start to get scared and panic and don’t know which way to go, and you run to the end of an aisle, and just before you start to cry, you see a shadow on the floor at the end of the aisle that looks just like your mom. It makes you really happy and you feel hope. But which is better? The happiness of seeing the shadow, or having your mom step around the corner and it’s really her?That’s the way it is when Jesus comes to be our High Priest. That’s what Christmas is. Christmas is the replacement of shadows with the real thing.
Christopher Guest|I would miss months of school and then return with bright blond hair. Needless to say, there was bullying. I wasn't beaten up daily, but there was name-calling and jealousy. You have to bear in mind that 'Harry Potter' wasn't cool. I wasn't part of the 'Terminator' franchise.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|When one fib becomes due as it were, you must forge another to take up the old acceptance; and so the stock of your lies in circulation inevitably multiplies, and the danger of detection increases every day.
Angelo N. Dallas|What about Danny Thomas?" Uncle Hal asks. "What happened to him?"Dead," Uncle Abdelhafiz says. "Nice Lebanese boy.""Never mind about Danny Thomas, look what happened to your whole family! Look at your cousin Farouq, Great Uncle Ziad, Auntie Seena and Jimmy's son Jalal," Aunt Jean cuts in disapprovingly."Dead, dead, dead, and in jail.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Our world must be hell, then. It must be the hell of some other place where all of us committed atrocious sins of some sort, and now we’re stuck here until we die and either come back or are whisked off to some other hell. It couldn’t be worse than this one, though.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|For years, we had stood on opposite sides of a divide, calling across because we could never jump the distance. This was the moment we discovered that, if we both shifted our weight forward, if we abandoned our fear of the drop below, not looking down, we could touch the tips of our fingers together. And though it wasn't much, in that moment, it was enough.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|Every time she went home she found herself being criticized. She was accused of being "too attached to her family," which was condemned as a "bourgeois habit," and had to see less and less of her own mother.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Purloined Letter|You must wake up to the truth that whoever you are, that whatever you have or think you do not have, you are perfect in the here and now. Unless you can accept yourself, you will never be satisfied with anything, because it all begins with yourself.
Aleš Šteger, Berlin|When everything seems too far away from you, don’t despair, return to yourself because you are the nearest thing to yourself! Accumulate energy with yourself! Then you will feel powerful to reach even beyond the far things!
Philip Roth, The Dying Animal|The only obsession everyone wants: 'love.' People think that in falling in love they make themselves whole? The Platonic union of souls? I think otherwise. I think you're whole before you begin. And the love fractures you. You're whole, and then you're cracked open. 
Oksana Rus|The sky blue strengthens slowly, the dawn light rosy and pale the summer song of our romance begin to unveil...with every heart beat and the waves' breath...the time stood in harmony still. Your morning kiss my hands could feel...by your lips soft, so warm, so very gentle, nice and full of life...
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|We have to cease to think, if we refuse to do it in the prison house of language; for we cannot reach further than the doubt which asks whether the limit we see is really a limit.
Tracy H. Tucker, I Kill Me: Tales of A Jilted Hypochondriac|What you are as a single person, you will be as a married person, only to a greater degree. Any negative character trait will be intensified in a marriage relationship, because you will feel free to let your guard down -- that person has committed himself to you and you no longer have to worry about scaring him off.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy also mentions alcohol. It says that the best drink in existence is the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster, the effect of which is like having your brains smashed out with a slice of lemon wrapped round a large gold brick.
Rosemary Clement-Moore, Prom Dates from Hell|Dan clung to her in speechless gratitude, feeling the blessedness of mother love, — that divine gift which comforts, purifies, and strengthens all who seek it.
Bertolt Brecht|The Most Dangerous (Sab Ton Khatarnak - Paash)The most dangerous occurrence is not a robbery of hard work,The most horrifying act is not a torture by the police,A merger of treachery and greed is not the most dangerous.To be trapped while asleep is surely miserable,To be buried under the silence is surely miserable,But it is still not the most dangerous.To remain silent in the noise of corruption is surely miserable,Reading covertly under the light of a firefly is surely miserable,But it is still not the most dangerous.The most dangerous deed is to be filled with a dead silence,Not feeling any agony against the unjust and bearing it all.Getting trapped in the routine of running from home to work and from work to home,The most dangerous accident is a death of our dreams.The most dangerous thing is that watch which runs on your wrist, but stands still for your eyes**A Translation of Paash's poem Sab ton Khatarnak by Jasz Gill
Sunday Adelaja|To have a mission is to find the thing that you are fond of doing, a thing that you can do better than others
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|Did you know Grandfather would give the poems to me?” I ask.“We thought he might,” my mother says.“Why didn’t you stop him?”“We didn’t want to take away your choices,” my mother says.“But Grandfather never did tell me about the Rising,” I say.“I think he wanted you to find your own way,” my mother says. She smiles. “In that way, he was a true rebel. I think that’s why he chose that argument with your father as his favorite memory. Though he was upset when the fight happened, later he came to see that your father was strong in choosing his own path, and he admired him for it.
Grigoris Deoudis|When man will return to nature, nature will return to him.
John Collier, Fancies and Goodnights|Franklin Fletcher dreamed of luxury in the form of tiger-skins and beautiful women. He was prepared, at a pinch, to forgo the tiger-skins. Unfortunately the beautiful women seemed equally rare and inaccessible. At his office and at his boarding-house the girls were mere mice, or cattish, or kittenish, or had insufficiently read the advertisements.
Andrew J. Peters, The Seventh Pleiade|The memories were strange clingy things like burrs knotted in his hair. He could choose to let them be, he only felt them when he pulled them, and he could pretend they weren't there like positioning his head on a pillow so as not to notice the lumps against his scalp. But amidst the commotion of the parade—a strange cocoon—he recalled things sharply. He had a part in Dam leaving the palace, and ever since that point, his best friend was headed down a dangerous path.
Germaine Greer|I think everyone feels alone in their sadness, and there's a certain value to hearing other people's sad stories.
George Seldes, Facts and Fascism|The truth is not in the commercial media because the truth is a dagger pointed at its heart, which is its pocketbook.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God.
Raaz Ojha|Dark clouds not only bring thunderstorm, They also bring rain.
Fulton J. Sheen|There are two ways of knowing how good God is: one is never to lose Him, and the other is to lose Him and then to find Him.
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|When anything is blocking my head or there's worry in my life, I just go sit on Mars or something and look back here at Earth. All you can see is this tiny speck. You don't see the fear. You don't see the pain. You don't see thought. It's just one solid speck. Then nothing really matters. It just doesn't.
Robert Fritz, The Path of Least Resistance: Learning to Become the Creative Force in Your Own Life|Creators understand that their emotions are not necessarily a sign of the circumstances. They understand that in desperate circumstances they may experience joy, and in jubilant circumstances they may feel regret. They know that any emotion will change. But because emotions are not the centerpiece of their lives, they do not pander to them. They create what they create, not in reaction to their emotions but independent of them. On days filled with the depths of despair, they can create. On days filled with the heights of joy, they can create.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I’m not dangerous,” I breathed.He brought his face toward mine. “You are to me.”And somehow, against all reason, we were kissing.
M.L. Shanahan|Nourish the body, nourish the soul. Punish the body, punish the soul.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|Our perception is our window to the world, and we need to wipe the dust off of our window often so we can continue to see through it clearly.
William Glasser|From a very early age, my wife and I told our son that there are times and places for everything. I told him, look, when you're in class, you have to be quiet and listen to your teacher, but when you go out to the playground, you can scream and be silly.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have exchanged love of family and home for cyberfriends and living in constant motion that robs the soul from memories—and perhaps from that still, small voice that longs to be heard.
Ally Carter, Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover|And then, despite everything, I smiled and looked at the note and knew that spring would come —it always does. so I stared out that cold window, watching my breath collect on the glass, trying not to think about my life after the thaw.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You are telling me that I did something because I was going to do something.”“Well, didn’t you? You were there.”“No, I didn’t—no… well, maybe I did, but it didn’t feel like it.”“Why should you expect it to? It was something totally new to your experience.”“But… but—” Wilson took a deep breath and got control of himself. Then he reached back into his academic philosophical concepts and produced the notion he had been struggling to express. “It denies all reasonable theories of causation. You would have me believe that causation can be completely circular. I went through because I came back from going through to persuade myself to go through. That’s silly.”“Well, didn’t you?
Steven Wright|If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
J.A. Conner|Some of us live in the future,Connected to hurts from our past,If tomorrow is colored by bitter regret,Then today has been painted blackSome of us live in the presentConnected to gifts from our past,If tomorrow is colored by purposeful thought,the today's masterpiece has been cast.
A.W. Tozer, Pursuit of God|Jesus calls us to his rest, and meekness is His method. The meek man cares not at all who is greater than he, for he has long ago decided that the esteem of the world is not worth the effort.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Everyone on earth has a treasure that awaits him. We, people's hearts, seldom say much about those treasures, because people no longer want to go in search of them. We speak of them only to children. Later, we simply let life proceed, in its own direction, toward its own fate. But, unfortunately, very few follow the path laid out for them—the path to their destinies, and to happiness. Most people see the world as a threatening place, and, because they do, the world turns out, indeed, to be a threatening place. "So, we, their hearts, speak more and more softly. We never stop speaking out, but we begin to hope that our words won't be heard: we don't want people to suffer because they don't follow their hearts.
Scott Bourne, Essays on Inspiration, Creativity & Vision in Photography|Actually, no. I won't ever go digital. I work with thirty-five or large format. I like the hand-jobs, you know. And I still do most of my own printing. I've developed such a profound distaste for touch-up and modern artifice—comes from snapping too many derelicts and detritus, perhaps, but I love it. Photo bloody Shop can go stuff it. A picture should be honest, even if the subject is contrived on the ground, you know; not dolled-up for advertising punch or sex appeal.
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|If I had told him the truth long ago, or had danced and drunk and sung more, maybe he would have seen me instead of a dependable, ordinary mother. He loves a version of me that is incomplete. I always thought it was what I wanted; to be loved and admired. Now i think perhaps I'd like to be known.
Debasish Mridha|To overcome the fear of failure, do what makes you fearful.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|I have missed more than nine thousand shots in my career. I have lost almost three hundred games. On twenty-six occasions, I have been entrusted to take the game-winning shot . . . and missed. And I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. —MICHAEL JORDAN
John Daniel Thieme, paulinskill hours and other poems|We don't have to be defined by the things we did or didn't do in the past. Some people allow themselves to be controlled by regret.Maybe it's a regret, maybe it's not. It's merely something that happened. Get over it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God gives you a gift and you don't know what to do with it, it won't make you happy. Some of you God gave a wonderful husband but you can't make a home and some of you God gave a wonderful wife but you can't make a good husband. Some of you can't even unwrap the gift so that you can appreciate it.
Kimberley Griffiths Little, Forbidden|Without a torch, I stumbled along the paths. The night was dismal. A partial moon hovered bitter and white on the horizon. It was the perfect night for murder.
Tom Conrad|There is no good or bad author; there is only one kind of an author, that who connects with the readers.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|Well, no, Sister Brannigan was the one putting her name on the checks to the cemetery. Someone else was making the deposits into her personal account.” “But now that she’s gone?” “I suppose the Neapolitan benefactor will have to find someone else if he wants to remain anonymous.” Bree snorted, “For a second I thought maybe it might be Bernardo.” “Well, why not? I mean, a little bank fraud isn’t likely to keep my father up at night,” Alessandro said. “But he’s in New York,” Bree reminded him. “Geography, darling?” Alessandro asked amused. “You say that with such pride it scares me,” Bree said rolling her eyes. “I love you too,” Alessandro smiled. “But no. If he was, why let us go off on this whole journey?” “It’s Bernardo. If there’s something I’ve learned about your father it’s that the rules of logic don’t apply to him. Or any other kind of rules,” Bree added, “Maybe this is all some kind of big elaborate plan and we’re gonna go home and find out he’s been keeping Francesca and Adriano frozen in his basement in one of those sci-fi freezers that they say you can buy and use to come back to life in a hundred years.” Alessandro shook his head at her, not impressed with her sense of humour.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|Reassured, we left their bedroom without understanding-- or wanting to admit-- that what a child learns first isn't the act but the gestures that accompany the act. And although it may also help them learn, this ostentatious show of reading is primarily intended to reassure them and please us.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|An English traveller relates how he lived upon intimate terms with a tiger; he had reared it and used to play with it, but always kept a loaded pistol on the table.
Matthew Calarco, Zoographies: The Question of the Animal from Heidegger to Derrida|I've broken an arm before, but no one wanted to shoot me!' Suzie says. 'I mean, when you go to the emergency room I hope to God the doctors don't decide it might cost too much to care for.' -Suzie Schwab co-owner of East Maui Animal Refuge
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|When I look at the clues that indicate the nature of Jesus – born in a barn, questionable parents, spotty ancestry, common name, misdirected announcement, unattractive looks, reared in a bad neighborhood, owning nothing, surrounding himself with unattractive co-workers, and dying a shameful death – I find his whole approach unable to fit into the methods that automatically come to mind when I think about “winning the world.” His whole approach could easily be described as nonthreatening or nonmanipulative. He seemed to lead with weakness in each step of life. He had nothing in the world and everything in God and the Spirit.
Robin Russell Gaiser, Musical Morphine: Transforming Pain One Note at a Time|Music is where I feel loved. Past, present. Music is where I give love. Why do I continue to enter rooms of strangers who are suffering, dying, cursing, diminished, unwashed? Because of love. I don't see hollow faces, blank stares, decaying bodies. I see the faces of God in these human beings. Precious people with stories, contributions, presence. Music pays tribute to their lives, often coaxes out their life stories, gives them worth, but most of all loves them when they are lost, weak, vulnerable.
Kevin DeYoung, The Hole in Our Holiness: Filling the Gap between Gospel Passion and the Pursuit of Godliness|The gospel of the glory of Christ spreads better and flourishes more because of 6,500 languages, not in spite of them.
Jeremiah 4 22|Evil is thus a kind of parasite on goodness. If there were no good by which to measure things, evil could not exist. Men sometimes forget this, and say, there is so much evil in the world that there cannot be a God. They are forgetting that, if there were no God, they would have no way of distinguishing evil from goodness. The very concept of evil admits and recognizes a Standard, a Whole, a Rule, an Order. Nobody would say that his automobile was out of order if he did not have a conception of how an automobile ought to run.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|What I do not like about our definitions of genius is that there is in them nothing of the day of judgment, nothing of resounding through eternity and nothing of the footsteps of the Almighty.
Meg Cabot, All-American Girl|Because when you love something, you want to do it all the time, even if no one is paying you for it. At least that's how I felt about drawing.
Josephine Angelini, Starcrossed|It’s almost as if we don’t need to live our lives or feel our feelings at all, because someone already told us what the ending was going to be.
Perry Seider|How you talk to yourself, in your head, determines how you feel about yourself, and determines the actions you take.
Tom Reynolds, More Blood, More Sweat and Another Cup of Tea|One of the police found a garden chair that I could stand on and they eyed me suspiciously as I tried to slide through the window.The fleece that I was wearing was padding me out too much so I took it off.I tried again, and this time it was my pen, pen-torch and scissors in my shirt pocket that got in the way. I moved them into my trouser pocket.One of the police asked if it would help if I was buttered up.I pretended not to listen to him. Or the giggles of my crewmate.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|A book, for the Sufis, is an instrument as much as it is something to give information.
Mary Tornyenyor|You know,” Naomi said, “if you’re looking at hundreds of people burning to death as a problem solving itself, that may be more evidence that you’re on wrong side.
Diana Peterfreund, Rampant|The girl danced like light on water. After I'd watched for a while I looked with all of me, not just my eyes, and then I saw the meaning of the dance. I wanted to stop looking because it was so sad, but I couldn't because it was so beautiful.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|The map showed human places I'd never heard of - places that had once been great civilizations, until humans forgot the world wasn't theirs to claim.
Sabrina Jeffries, Don't Bargain with the Devil|I can think of only one good solution to this dilemma," Diego said, having spent the entire night developing a plan.You sneak into the school and carry her off?" Gaspar quipped.That is the not-so-good solution. And it would be very difficult to sneak into a house full of women without raising an alarm."A cloud descended on Gaspar's brow. "I was not serious. Kidnapping is not a choice.
Blake L. Higginbotham, Apostles, Elders & Other Ministries|If what we presently believe to be true is not producing a Kingdom result, we may need to reconsider what we believe to be true.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, be the thunder of joy and the wind of optimism.
John Piper|I should interweave my theology with prayer. I should frequently interrupt my talking about God by talking to God. Not far behind the theological sentence, "God is generous," should come the prayerful sentence, "Thank you, God." On the heels of, "God is glorious," should come, "I adore your glory." What I have come to see is that this is the way it must be if we are feeling God's reality in our hearts as well as describing it with our heads.
Nicole Polizzi|My maternal granddad, Leonard, was full of amazing stories. He was an orphan, with 11 or 12 brothers and sisters, and he used to tell us about growing up near the Irrawaddy river and how one brother was eaten by a crocodile.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|I don't know about you, but I practice a disorganized religion. I belong to an unholy disorder. We call ourselves "Our Lady of the Perpetual Astonishment
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Possibly, some cynic, at once merry and bitter, had desired to signify, in this pantomimic scene, that we mortals, whatever our business or amusement--however serious, however trifling--all dance to one identical tune, and, in spite of our ridiculous activity, bring nothing finally to pass.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Inside accounts of Presidential advisory groups make it clear that the failure to express dissent can have direct, immediate, and severe consequences...Because so much disagreement remains hidden, our beliefs are not properly shaped by healthy scrutiny and debate. The absence of such argument also leads us to exaggerate the extent to which other people believe the way we do. Bolstered by such a false sense of social support, our beliefs strike us as more resistant to subsequent logical and empirical challenge.
Henry Samueli|I'm a perfectionist. And that's served me very well in my career. It allows me to handle these large, complex problems without letting things fall through the cracks... That is the mentality you have to have to attack these complex problems of chip design, for example, when you're overwhelmed with complexity.
Frank Asah|Successs is like ur own shadow! If u try 2 catch then u ll never succeed, but ignore it & walk in ur own way… it will follow u.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Real gases behaved like ideal gases as long as they remained in stable conditions. When the environment changed, either with increased temperature or mounting pressure, they began to deviate from their regular nature and at some point, crossed over to the less-than-ideal state. If deviating form perfection was the law of nature, why were children expected to be perfect in an imperfect world?
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|For the first time, there’s no barrier between us and we make eye contact. All of a sudden, I feel like the character in Raiders of the Lost Ark—the one who watches in horror as the wispy, beautiful angels floating from the Ark of the Covenant morph into howling, homicidal demons. You know, right before he melts like a cheap candle.
Lynn Schusterman|Too often, advances in civil rights or women's rights are undermined by wrong-headed legislation or weak-kneed political leadership.
Hamza Yusuf|Once I turned 35, I got the bonus of some wisdom and began to accept life on its own terms.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Everyone has a sense of humor. If you don't laugh at jokes, you probably laugh at opinions.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Any history of the political events of our time which does not also include a discussion of the Bible, the impact of Christianity, and the role of faith in changing the hearts and minds of people all over the world is an incomplete and invalid study. For what is taking place in the world today is not just a protest, but a revolution in the sphere of the human heart.
Michelle Somers|I will not call myself a perfectionist, but I love to present things with my best effort.
John Dickson Carr, The Door To Doom, And Other Detections|It’s all very well to have your eight suspects parading in their endless ring-around-the-rosebush outside the library. That’s fine. But give some sensible reason why they were there. If you must shower the room with bus tickets, provide a reason for that too. In other words, construct your story. Your present problem is not to explain the villainy of the guilty: it’s to explain the stupidity of the innocent.
Brenda Perlin, Shattered Reality|Not long after my mom died, my dad pretty much kicked me out of the house. He never said, “Get out of my house,” but instead, I came home one night to find all my clothes scattered all over our front lawn.
Neil Burger|I was fortunate enough to model, but it was always work for me. It was a way to support myself and finance acting classes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Faith gives self-confidence, self-courage and strength.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, whenever you meet someone, enlighten every mind, brighten their life with love and kindness, it will make your world so delightful and so beautiful.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|We believe in bravery. We believe in taking action. We believe in freedom from fear and in acquiring the skills to force the bad out of our world so that the good can prosper and thrive. If you also believe in those things, we welcome you.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Taking a deep breath that smelled of rain, she was poised to move when a hand clasped her elbow. Memories of another hand grabbing her sent panic shooting through her veins.She swung around."Whoa. You okay?" Lucas lightened his clasp around her arm.Kylie caught her breath and stared up at the werewolf's blue eyes. "Yeah. You just...surprised me. You need to whistle when you come up on me.
Anna McPartlin, Apart From The Crowd|Sneaking was a kind of deceit. So was disguise. Just past midnight, wearing dark trousers and Fox's hood, the queen snuck out of her own rooms and stepped into a world of stories and lies.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to tie someone with love, but it takes a lifetime to untie the knot of love.
S. Jackson Rivera|A great diving scene. Worth the read just for that:“Randy! You have the best eyes for bubbles. Find my missing diver.” Paul leaned over the boat and yelled at the people waiting in the water. “Hey! Where’s . . .” He examined the faces. It didn’t take long to figure out who was missing. His heart spiraled to his feet. “Oh, no, no, no!” He didn’t hesitate to jump to action. He yelled out orders as he put his gear on in record time. “Get back on the boat. Now!” “I see bubbles! Over there, ‘bout fifteen meters,” Randy called before anyone had a chance to do anything.Paul stood on the back of the boat, all geared up and holding an extra tank with a regulator already attached. He looked to see where Randy pointed and took a giant stride into the water. He didn’t bother to surface before starting the fastest descent he’d ever made.
Nivedita Menon, Seeing Like a Feminist|[S]ocial order displays not the absolute presence or absence of intolerance to difference but a spectrum of intolerance. Each of us bears responsibility to some degree for maintaining these protocols of intolerance, which could not be kept in place if every single one of us did not play our part. From bringing up children ‘appropriately’, to lovingly correcting or punishing their inappropriate behaviour, to making sure we never breach the protocols ourselves, to staring or sniggering at people who look different, to coercive psychiatric and medical intervention, to emotional blackmail, to physical violence-it’s a range of slippages all the way that we seldom recognize.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|From her very flesh and blood and from the constant cycles of filling and emptying the red vase in her belly, a woman understands physically, emotionally, and spiritually that zeniths fade and expire, and what is left is reborn in unexpected ways and by inspired means, only to fall back to nothing, and yet be reconceived again in full glory.
Justin Lee, Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate|Not immediately able to proceed, I stood there, inexpressibly grateful that my life, for all its terrors, is so filled with moments of grace.
Joe Baca|As a player, I was fortunate to work with coaching and medical staffs that underscored the importance of utilizing injury prevention exercises, which contributed to my healthy and long playing career.
Karen A. Baquiran|A man stroking a dog’s head means the universe is stroking the universe; a child playing with a little dog means the universe is playing with the universe! If the universe is a theatre play, then we can be sure that there is only one player: The universe itself! Everything we see is the same player!
Rachel Eovacious|No one is useless in this world, I might not do the greats you do, endure greatly as you do but at some point we have something in common, we both NEED one another.
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|Outside, the sunlight had turned pale lemon, but the studio remained cool. The white walls and white-tiled splashback behind the sink were made more clinical by the metal tables which looked as if they’d originally been intended for use in an operating theatre. Even though they were laid out with brushes and paints rather than forceps and retractors, the effect was equally daunting; both sets of tools could open you up in strange and unexpected ways.
Marie de France|It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.
Dōgen|TreeIt is foolishto let a young redwoodgrow next to a house.Even in this one lifetime,you will have to choose.That great calm being,this clutter of soup pots and books--Already the first branch-tips brush at the window.Softly, calmly, immensity taps at your life.
Shih-t'ou|I am Not, but the Universe is my Self.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I was trying to go... somewhere. But I kept getting pulled back here. I couldn't stop walking, couldn't stop thinking. About the first time I ever saw you, and how after I couldn't forget you. I wanted to, but I couldn't stop myself. I forced Hodge to let me be the one who came to find you and bring you back to the Institute. And even back then, in that stupid coffee shop, when I saw you with Simon, even then that felt wrong to me-- I should have been the one sitting with you. The one who made you laugh like that. I couldn't get rid of that feeling. That it should have been me. And the more I knew you, the more I felt it-- it had never been like that for me before. I'd always wanted a girl and then gotten to know her and not wanted her anymore, but with you the feeling just got stronger and stronger until that night when you showed up at Renwick's and I knew. And then to find out the reason I felt like that-- like you were some part of me I'd lost and never ever knew I was missing until I saw you again-- that the reason was that you were my sister, it felt like some cosmic joke. Like God was spitting on me. I don't even know for what-- for thinking that I actually get to have you, that I would deserve something like that, to be happy. I couldn't imagine what it was I'd done that I was being punished for--
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|But perhaps this is all to the good. Perhaps it’s best to live with the possibility that around any corner, at any time, may come the person who reminds you of your own capacity to surprise yourself, to put at risk everything that’s dear to you. Who reminds you of the distances we have to bridge to begin to know anything about one another. Who reminds you that what seems to be—even about yourself—may not be. That like him, you need to be forgiven.
Debasish Mridha|Life is an amazingly mysterious and interesting game. To win, you have to play with the magical powers of love and kindness.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Nobody looks like what they really are on the inside. You don’t. I don’t. People are much more complicated than that. It’s true of everybody.'I said, 'Are you a monster? Like Ursula Monkton?'Lettie threw a pebble into the pond. 'I don't think so,' she said. 'Monsters come in all shapes and sizes, Some of them are things people are scared of. Some of them are things that look like things people used to be scared of a long time ago. Sometimes monsters are things people should be scared of, but they aren't.'I said, 'People should be scared of Ursula Monkton.''P'raps. What do you think Ursula Monkton is scared of?''Dunno. Why do you think she's scared of anything? She's a grown-up, isn't she? Grown-ups and monsters aren't scared of things.'Oh, monsters are scared," said Lettie. "That's why they're monsters. And as for grown-ups...' She stopped talking, rubbed her freckled nose with a finger. Then, 'I'm going to tell you something important. Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. Truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world.
Stephen M. Irwin|The heart of the Pharisee is within us all, to redefine God's law so it doesn't apply to me anymore. It applies to my neighbor but not to me.
Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating|It is the same way with dating. The time you are most prepared for dating is when you don't need anyone to complete you, fulfill you, or instill in you a sense of worth or purpose.
Pam Houston, Waltzing the Cat|The more important question, of course, was what the new Lucy would do, and even though I was pretty sure the old Lucy wouldn't be around much anymore, I was a little bit afraid the new Lucy hadn't yet shown up.
Cole Ryan, Money: I Think We've Missed The Point|I want to go much further than that. I want to point out that when Jesus spoke, whether it be of blessing or wealth or prosperity or what-have-you, He was rarely speaking of what is physical, what is tangible, what is seen.I don’t think Jesus was nearly as concerned with our circumstances as He was with our character.With Jesus, it’s all about what’s on the inside. It always has been. It always will be. When He promised us blessing and wealth and prosperity, the very last thing He was talking about was money.
Angela Duckworth|The secret to success, to parenting, to life, is to not count up the cost. Don't focus on all the steps it will take. Don't stare into the abyss at the giant leap it will take. That view will keep you from taking the next small step.
Richard Hofstadter, Anti-Intellectualism in American Life|Finally, the work of the minister tended to be judged by his success in a single area - the saving of souls in measurable numbers. The local minister was judged either by his charismatic powers or by his ability to prepare his congregation for the preaching of some itinerant ministerial charmer who would really awaken its members. The 'star' system prevailed in religion before it reached the theater. As the evangelical impulse became more widespread and more dominant, the selection and training of ministers was increasingly shaped by the revivalist criterion of ministerial merit. The Puritan ideal of the minister as an intellectual and educational leader was steadily weakened in the face of the evangelical ideal of the minister as a popular crusader and exhorter. Theological education itself became more instrumental. Simple dogmatic formulations were considered sufficient. In considerable measure the churches withdrew from intellectual encounters with the secular world, gave up the idea that religion is a part of the whole life of intellectual experience, and often abandoned the field of rational studies on the assumption that they were the natural province of science alone. By 1853 an outstanding clergyman complained that there was 'an impression, somewhat general, that an intellectual clergyman is deficient in piety, and that an eminently pious minister is deficient in intellect.
Katie Kacvinsky, Second Chance|I was even a little glad that if it wasn’t going to be me she wanted, it was going to be someone who really deserved her.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I needed to get familiar with sex, and it would be just as well to practise first with a boy I didn't care about too much. Then later on, if I was with someone special, I'd have more chance of doing everything right.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|It is always useful to face an enemy who is prepared to die for his country," he read. "This means that both you and he have exactly the same aim in mind.
William Gibson|We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, not breaths; in feelings, not in figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the best.
Paul Robeson|This is the basis, and I am not being tried for whether I am a Communist, I am being tried for fighting for the right of my people, who are still second-class citizens in this United States of America
John Green, Looking for Alaska|He was gone, and I did not have time to tell him what I had just now realized: that I forgave him, and that she forgave us, and that we had to forgive to survive in the labyrinth. There were so many of us who would have to live with things done and things left undone that day. Things that did not go right, things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future. If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can’t know better until knowing better is useless.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|Before sex, a man isn't thinking clearly and a woman is thinking clearly. After sex, it reverses. The man is thinking clearly and a woman isn't.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|History repeats itself, in part because the genome repeats itself. And the genome repeats itself, in part because history does. The impulses, ambitions, fantasies, and desires that drive human history are, at least in part, encoded in the human genome. And human history has, in turn, selected genomes that carry these impulses, ambitions, fantasies, and desires. This self-fulfilling circle of logic is responsible for some of the most magnificent and evocative qualities in our species, but also some of the most reprehensible. It is far too much to ask ourselves to escape the orbit of this logic, but recognizing its inherent circularity, and being skeptical of its overreach, might protect the week from the will of the strong, and the 'mutant' from being annihilated by the 'normal'.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|No one can mock your meagre achievements or inability to accomplish the simplest of tasks, if they remain figments of your imagination. You can revel, again and again, in the glory of a fairy tale doomed never to appear in reality.
Praveen Chenna|Sometimes i's not about the win, it's about the experience.
Danny Martin|Acknowledgements! My thanks to HollywoodWhen you showed me John RamboStitching up his arm with no anaestheticAnd giving them “a war they won’t believe”I knew then my calling, the job for meThanks also to the recruitment advertsFor showing me soldiers whizzing around on skisAnd for sending sergeants to our schoolTo tell us of the laughs, the great food, the payThe camaraderieI am, dear taxpayer, forever in your debtYou paid for my all-inclusive pilgrimageOne year basking in the Garden of Eden(I haven’t quite left yet)Thanks to Mum and thanks to DadFuck it,Thanks to every parentFlushing with pride for their brave young ladsBuying young siblings toy guns and toy tanksWaiting at the airportWaving their flags
Maxim Gorky, My Childhood|Victory, is like a boxer that hangs his gloves, after the consecutive losses; sometimes walking away is what builds character, than the actual fight. As humble fruit on a tree that falls to the ground and rots, never finding appreciation in the taste of mouths.
Anne Dillard|Dreams do come true, but first you must dream.
Brother Andrew, God's Smuggler|As I did, there, in perfect condition, to be admired by five sets of wondering eyes, was an enormous, glistening, moist, chocolate cake.
Leonard Mlodinow|'The Haunted Man' is about communication barriers between men and women, and in that song it's a woman's wait for her husband to come back from war. The vision for me was of a group of men and women on the opposite sides of two cliffs, trying to move or sing to each other and communicate, but they're kind of misfiring.
Molly McAdams, Stealing Harper|I had fought on behalf of man against the sea, but I realised that it had become more urgent to fight on behalf of the sea against men.
Annie Lennox|I don't have a fear of becoming a parent, but I do have a fear of taking care of a newborn because they are so tiny and vulnerable.
Lisa Bedrick, To Christian Women|Become what you would want to marry ,as in, become like the person that you would want to marry.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|When you listen to your spouse, you are communicating non verbally that they are important to you.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|We are all small-minded people, creeping about the earth grubbing for our own advantage and making the very mistakes for which we want to humiliate our neighbors.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|There's no science that can't be used for good or for evil. Science could be used by whoever has the power to use it and desire to use it. If you make people knowledgeable about these sciences and don't point out this fact, then you're saying, I withdraw from the battle, from the discussion of the ethics involved. I just stick to the facts. And that of course means that you've surrendered to the strongest forces. You say you're neutral in what you do, you aren't that concerned with it. If the Pentagon is using your discoveries, that's not your problem. It's unavoidable that you have some responsibility, it seems to me, regardless of what you teach or what your subject is or what your skill is. Whatever you have to contribute has a social dimension. And I think it's ineffective to try to impose that on anybody. Sharing it with them is one thing, but trying to impose it is another. You honestly say these are my ideas and I have a right to my opinion, and if I have a right to my opinion then you have a right to your opinion."You can't have an individual right. It has to be a universal right. I have no rights that everybody else doesn't have. There's no right I could claim that anybody else in the world can't claim, and I have to fight for their exercising that right just like I have to fight for my own. That doesn't mean I have to impose my ideas on people, but it means I have a responsibility to provide whatever light I can on the subject and share my ideas with people.
Priyanka Chopra|My mother told me to be a lady. And for her, that meant be your own person, be independent.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind shouts, while heart whispers!
Aireen C. Pontillo|If being beautiful guarantees "Forever with You" I'll do whatever it takes.
Beatrice Rose Roberts, Twin Loyalties: From the Chronicles of Tar Ponds City|My days of torment were over, but the damage was done. I conflated the bullies and my bathroom accidents with an inchoate sense that something was wrong with me. I broadcast my sense of otherness through my slumped posture, downcast expression, and extreme timidity. Kids at school called weird so often that after a while I believed them. I hid myself behind a curtain of tangled hair.
Nicole Blackman|At any moment, you know, your manufactured cool could blow.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|She didn't need to understand the meaning of life; it was enough to find someone who did, and then fall asleep in his arms and sleep as a child sleeps, knowing that someone stronger than you is protecting you from all evil and all danger
Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding|It has been a marvellous age of invention: radio, aeroplane, electric light, the telephone, and fellatio.
Bob Dylan|Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|It is okay to release your feelings when you feel the waves coming. It's all part of the process of having to let go of your relationship with your loved one as you once knew it. And remember, letting go is not the same thing as forgetting!
Joanne Harris, Runemarks|Innocent tourists? You make me sound like the big bad wolf.”“And you’re not?” I questioned.“Only if you’re Red Riding Hood,” he said flirtatiously.“Wow, that’s original.
Alan Shepard|I was raised with a sense of entrepreneurship - my father owned a roofing business, and I grew up with the idea that you never want someone telling you what you can and cannot do.
Poppy Delevingne|It takes about four days of virtuous living to create a little weight loss. That also happens to be the time required to get used to eating less. In other words, if you can get past day three of a fitness regimen, things improve.
Moyra Davey, Long Life Cool White: Photographs and Essays|I am developing new coping mechanisms for lost words and lost negatives, as here for instance: compensate by describing the episode instead. When something is lost, redirect energy, follow the derivé, the chance and flow of what life tosses us, and make something new instead. Remember that I'm often struck by certain passages of descriptive writing, writing that is not about driving home a point but about providing detail, background, setting the scene (it's tempting to call this the stadium of writing). It has a "something from nothing" quality: a pleasurable experience has been had, and no one has paid a price. Remember that writing does not have to be torture (107).
Aaron Schock|If workers are more insecure, that's very 'healthy' for the society, because if workers are insecure, they won't ask for wages, they won't go on strike, they won't call for benefits; they'll serve the masters gladly and passively. And that's optimal for corporations' economic health.
Sarah MacLean, Never Judge a Lady by Her Cover|Why is it that places thousands of miles from my childhood village home send me back, opening the sluice-gates of the past? Well, we are all emigrants from the homeland of our childhoods. It may be, then, that the natural place to meet ourselves as children is 'abroad', and that includes the foreign country of our growing up and aging. So it is that the personal, physical feeling of departure from the time of childhood may merge in a special symbiosis with geographical departure, biography and geography resonating now on a single wavelength.
David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|Aren’t you going to ask me if I’m all right?” I say.“No, I’m pretty sure you’re not all right.”He shakes his head. “I’m going to ask you not to make any decisions until we’ve talkedabout it.
Damian Wampler, Sevara: Dawn of Hope|In all the commotion, no one noticed that Minubar was missing or that Tanner, cynical and thrill- seeking, quick to crack and joke or start a fight, who had befriended Sevara at an early age and protected her until the last, was dead.
|I know the future will change and some things not come easy, others might leave our ways, but guess my heart is right and the beat is true because one thing will never change the Love between me and you.
Norman Lock, The Port-Wine Stain|Most people bestow tremendous power onto those human beings we consider evil, who cause of threaten harm to others, even though we know they are acting from their own pain or fear. Would ignoring evil disarm it? Don’t dismiss the idea. As we have declared War on Terror, a War on Drugs, a War on Poverty, a War on Crime, the problems only seem to have gotten bigger. We cling tthe notion of evil as detrimental, unpredictable force in our world and refuse any suggestion that it is not real. We argue for our fear about terrorism or climate change or economic instability, heatedly trying to prove that things are only getting worse. And in doing so, we reinforce the principle that what we focus on grows. We create our experience by where we place our attention. What we resist, persists.
Charlotte Eriksson|Seven deadly sins,seven ways to win,seven holy paths to hell,and your trip beginsSeven downward slopesseven bloodied hopesseven are your burning fires,seven your desires...
