Nelson Rodrigues|The Human Being, as we imagine it, does not exist.
Anais Nin|It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|That’s what life holds for you. You make plans, carefully plots whole road-map; but you never know when a vehicle comes at you full throttle from the next bend and knocks you down.
David Halberstam, Firehouse|He saw the pleasure you took from your job every day of his life, and THAT was what he wanted.
Donna Lynn Hope|People change us. It is a rare, if not an impossible occurrence, that we come out of relationships unscathed. In our dealings with people we take something with us and we leave something behind. Some people are haunted more than others, either by the sweet perfume of another or the stink of regret.
Kemi Sogunle|If your relationship is draining your energy, making you lose yourself and taking your attention away from God, then you are not in a relationship but a cult. You are busy creating an idol (mini-God) for yourself.
Randy Moss|I'm proud of my invention, but I'm sad that it is used by terrorists.
Daniel Willey|I unconsciously decided that, even if it wasn't an ideal world, it should be so and painted only the ideal aspects of it - pictures in which there are no drunken slatterns or self-centered mothers . . . only foxy grandpas who played baseball with kids and boys who fished from logs and got up circuses in the back yard.
Drea Damara, The Weeping Books Of Blinney Lane|If the British had fought half as well as this one kissed, she thought, the Americas would still be a colony.
Diana Wynne Jones, House of Many Ways|On the other hand, when you grow up you will discover that some of the people in this world never passed beyond the stage of the cave-man.
Daniel Bell, The Winding Passage: Essays and Sociological Journeys, 1960-1980|Culture and collars had gone together, to him, and he had been deceived into believing that college educations and mastery were the same things.
Luke Blaise Pereira|That day we held our hands and each other was indeed a beautiful dream. But, we all wake up in the end.
Henry James|The biggest opportunity in 2013 is in Africa. It has seven out of the ten fastest-growing economies in the world. In Nigeria alone there are 100 million people with mobile phones. In total, 300 million Africans - five times the population of Britain - are in the middle class.
Margaret Drabble|I need words and print... I need print like an addict. I could live without it, perhaps. But I hope I never have to try.
David Icke|It is like the seed put in the soil - the more one sows, the greater the harvest.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|He sent the trained dog that is his talent off in search of a fat glorious pheasant, and it brought back the lower half of a Barbie doll.
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|The only thing Jess really cared about were those two children and letting them know they were okay. Because even if the whole world was throwing rocks at you, if you had your mother at your back, you'd be okay. Some deep-rooted part of you would know you were loved. That you deserved to be loved.
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|The simplest definition of prayer is communicating with God. That's it. Did you miss it? Let me say it again. Prayer is simply communicating with God. That one uncomplicated thought began to revolutionize my whole prayer life. What is communication? It's transferring a thought, feeling, emotion, or idea to another person. So prayer is giving God my thoughts, feelings, emotions, and ideas, by whatever means works. It doesn't have to be formal. It doesn't have to be long and dry. It's simply communicating.
Ishak Zaaimia|There are people you wont miss, but wont forget either. Those people are unique
Alice Hoffman, The Rules of Magic|The most glorious hour in Manhattan was when twilight fell in sheets across the Great Lawn. Bands of blue turned darker by the moment as the last of the pale light filtered through the boughs of cherry trees and black locusts. In October, the meadows turned gold; the vines were twists of yellow and red.
Martin Millar|The idea of determinism combined with complete human responsibility struck me as very hard to reconcile with an idea of justice, let alone mercy.
Waldo Emerson|LanguageCrickets chirp,Birds sing, Dogs howl,It's their own thing.Cats purr,Mice squeak,Cows moo,It's not what you think.Whales whistle,Dolphins click,Snakes hiss,So listen to this.Sheep baa,Rabbits twitch,If you can't speak,It's only a glitch.A body speaks,Their hands do wave,They're all speaking together,Now don't be so naïve.It's all a language,Which we don't hear,b\Because it's not our own,What do we care!
Anthony Hiss, The Experience of Place: A New Way of Looking at and Dealing with our Radically Changing Cities and Countryside|Human beings have always been an unfinished species, a story in the middle, a succession of families, tribes, and societies in transition to new awarenesses. Although we have always prided ourselves on our willingness to adapt to all habitats, and on our skill at prospering and making ourselves comfortable wherever we are -- in a meadow, in a desert, on the tundra, or out on the ocean -- we don't just adapt to places, or modify them in order to ease our burdens. We're the only species that over and over again has deliberately transformed our surroundings in order to stretch our capacity for understanding and provoke new accomplishments. And our growing and enhanced understanding is our most valuable, and our most vulnerable, inheritance.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Sick of lame ducks, use Cosmic Ordering and your ducks will lay golden eggs.
Callie Hart, Calico|If energy is a paradigm of societal progress, the need of the hour and duty of society is both energy development and on the other hand, a reduction in its consumption. However, till energy becomes store-able, any endeavour of development and/or storage can never guarantee its uninterrupted
Steven Wright|The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good, in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Some men can love forever, some for six years, some for six months, and others for six hours.
Aysha Taryam|The cost of war is like an immeasurable tremor that knows no borders, its shockwaves reverberating across the world resulting in universal suffering.
Damian Wampler, Sevara: Dawn of Hope|No,” Abigail said in a low voice, “but I can save one.
Tricia Levenseller, Daughter of the Pirate King|Imagine that you traveled all over the world, looking for happiness, looking for thrills to pass the time. Imagine seeing everything there is to see and still not finding happiness. Well, that would give you a very bleak outlook on life, would it not?
Francis Scott Key|For me the goddess is the female of God, She is powerful if different.
Hayley DiMarco|When we first believe we think we can do it all; our passion is so strong. But after a time we start to learn that passion doesn't equal strength, and our sinful nature rears its ugly head.
Karen Pryor, Lads Before the Wind: Diary of a Dolphin Trainer|A veteran, calm and assured, he pauses for a well-measured moment in the doorway of the office and then, boldly, clearly, with the subtly modulated British intonation which his public demands of him, speaks his opening line, 'Good mor
İlhan Berk|I don't know about you, the world is here to be mythologized. It has, therefore, no other end. Transforming into myth, to be a myth! That's what we call eternity.
Amelia Earhart|When others fail to celebrate you, celebrate your own achievements.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|Look, America is no more a democracy than Russia is a Communist state. The governments of the U.S. and Russia are practically the same. There's only a difference of degree. We both have the same basic form of government: economic totalitarianism. In other words, the settlement to all questions, the solutions to all issues are determined not by what will make the people most healthy and happy in the bodies and their minds but by economics. Dollars or rubles. Economy uber alles. Let nothing interfere with economic growth, even though that growth is castrating truth, poisoning beauty, turning a continent into a shit-heap and riving an entire civilization insane. Don't spill the Coca-Cola, boys, and keep those monthly payments coming.
Nabil N. Jamal|Narcissists are consumed with maintaining a shallow false self to others. They're emotionally crippled souls that are addicted to attention. Because of this they use a multitude of games, in order to receive adoration. Sadly, they are the most ungodly of God's creations because they don't show remorse for their actions, take steps to make amends or have empathy for others. They are morally bankrupt.
Francis A. Schaeffer, The Great Evangelical Disaster|In the end it will not matter how we have told our story, but only how God sees it.
Red Auerbach|Defeated misery is what all sport is about, eventually, if you follow the story for long enough; all sportsmen know this.
Orlando Bloom|My political awakening, if I can be as grand as to call it that, was all about what was happening around me. It wasn't some romantic, patriotic vision of Scotland going back to what it had been 300 years previously.
Brian Eno|The humanists' replacement for religion: work really hard and somehow you'll either save yourself or you'll be immortal. Of course, that's a total joke, and our progress is nothing. There may be progress in technology but there's no ethical progress whatsoever.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Some people make the mistake of confusing "submission" with "weakness", whereas it is anything but. Submission is a form of peaceful acceptance of the terms of the universe including the things we are currently unable to change or comprehend.
John Kuypers|In order to live in the present, we have to learn how to feel safe even when a situation feels threatening to us.
Sunday Adelaja|We ourselves are behaving in the Church as if we are afraid of the light, it should not be so.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|What fire does not destroy, it hardens
Kyrian Lyndon, Remnants of Severed Chains|Evolving increases our value, and when we know our value, we navigate toward those with whom we share a genuine interest and appreciation. The rest, in my estimation, is bondage.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Man Upstairs and Other Stories|It is a good rule in life never to apologize. The right sort of people do not want apologies, and the wrong sort take a mean advantage of them.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|To be sure, this is what generally happens when one eats cake; but Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.
Clarence Thomas|The 'Aladdin' thing - that's not work; that's just fun. Three days in the recording studio going mad, then the animators do all the work. Not a bad way to cash a large check, my friend.
Joseph Kosinski|Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language.
Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree|And so I would ask you if you would do me the honor of becoming my wife?" As he spoke, she saw him glance over her shoulder, looking at the clock that stood in the corner. As though he had another appointment after this one. The one where he decided her fate.Unless she decided it for herself. The emotion she'd felt on recognizing Lord Alexander in that ballroom rushed over her, the unfamiliar feelings of want and dissatisfaction and wishing she could just be herself, just do something that wasn't related to who she was- she wanted to stand up and demand that Lord Carson, that anyone see her as Eleanor, the pun-loving, adventurous woman who adored Italian.Not a female to be bartered from one family to another.
John Keats|Everything one invents is true, you may be perfectly sure of that. Poetry is as precise as geometry.
Bilal Tanweer|You can just be your self’s stranger, never its friend, because you are mortal and it is immortal!
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|God is not indifferent to suffering. In suffering He created us knowing, in the moment of creation, the necessity of the crucifixion. Christ suffered that we might have confidence that God understands our suffering. In suffering, God reconciled His beloved to Himself. In suffering, He makes us like Himself …
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|As I became older, I was given many masks to wear. I could be a laborer laying railroad tracks across the continent, with long hair in a queue to be pulled by pranksters; a gardener trimming the shrubs while secretly planting a bomb; a saboteur before the day of infamy at Pearl Harbor, signaling the Imperial Fleet; a kamikaze pilot donning his headband somberly, screaming 'Banzai' on my way to my death; a peasant with a broad-brimmed straw hat in a rice paddy on the other side of the world, stooped over to toil in the water; an obedient servant in the parlor, a houseboy too dignified for my own good; a washerman in the basement laundry, removing stains using an ancient secret; a tyrant intent on imposing my despotism on the democratic world, opposed by the free and the brave; a party cadre alongside many others, all of us clad in coordinated Mao jackets; a sniper camouflaged in the trees of the jungle, training my gunsights on G.I. Joe; a child running with a body burning from napalm, captured in an unforgettable photo; an enemy shot in the head or slaughtered by the villageful; one of the grooms in a mass wedding of couples, having met my mate the day before through our cult leader; an orphan in the last airlift out of a collapsed capital, ready to be adopted into the good life; a black belt martial artist breaking cinderblocks with his head, in an advertisement for Ginsu brand knives with the slogan 'but wait--there's more' as the commercial segued to show another free gift; a chef serving up dog stew, a trick on the unsuspecting diner; a bad driver swerving into the next lane, exactly as could be expected; a horny exchange student here for a year, eager to date the blonde cheerleader; a tourist visiting, clicking away with his camera, posing my family in front of the monuments and statues; a ping pong champion, wearing white tube socks pulled up too high and batting the ball with a wicked spin; a violin prodigy impressing the audience at Carnegie Hall, before taking a polite bow; a teen computer scientist, ready to make millions on an initial public offering before the company stock crashes; a gangster in sunglasses and a tight suit, embroiled in a turf war with the Sicilian mob; an urban greengrocer selling lunch by the pound, rudely returning change over the counter to the black patrons; a businessman with a briefcase of cash bribing a congressman, a corrupting influence on the electoral process; a salaryman on my way to work, crammed into the commuter train and loyal to the company; a shady doctor, trained in a foreign tradition with anatomical diagrams of the human body mapping the flow of life energy through a multitude of colored points; a calculus graduate student with thick glasses and a bad haircut, serving as a teaching assistant with an incomprehensible accent, scribbling on the chalkboard; an automobile enthusiast who customizes an imported car with a supercharged engine and Japanese decals in the rear window, cruising the boulevard looking for a drag race; a illegal alien crowded into the cargo hold of a smuggler's ship, defying death only to crowd into a New York City tenement and work as a slave in a sweatshop.My mother and my girl cousins were Madame Butterfly from the mail order bride catalog, dying in their service to the masculinity of the West, and the dragon lady in a kimono, taking vengeance for her sisters. They became the television newscaster, look-alikes with their flawlessly permed hair.Through these indelible images, I grew up. But when I looked in the mirror, I could not believe my own reflection because it was not like what I saw around me. Over the years, the world opened up. It has become a dizzying kaleidoscope of cultural fragments, arranged and rearranged without plan or order.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|And then Harry Potter had launched in to a speech that was inspiring, yet vague. A speech to the effect that Fred and George and Lee had tremendous potential if they could just learn to be weirder. To make people's live surreal, instead of just surprising them with the equivalents of buckets of water propped above doors. (Fred and George had exchanged interested looks, they'd never thought of that one.) Harry Potter had invoked a picture of the prank they'd pulled on Neville - which, Harry had mentioned with some remorse, the Sorting Hat had chewed him out on - but which must have made Neville doubt his own sanity. For Neville it would have felt like being suddendly transported into an alternate universe. The same way everyone else had felt when they'd seen Snape apologize. That was the true power of pranking.
Otto von Bismarck|Politics are not a science based on logic; they are the capacity of always choosing at each instant, in constantly changing situations, the least harmful, the most useful.
JB Carlson|The usual tenor of a man's life, the dwelling of his soul, is the true test of his state.
Topsy Gift|If you will not hear reason, she'll rap your knuckles.
Stephen Lewis|Woes and wonders of Power, that tonic hell, synthesis of poison and panacea.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|He watched me rake my fingers through the tangles in my hair and smiled. “Quit it. You’re fucking beautiful.”“Just point me to the nearest eighties rock video,” I said.
Nikki Rowe|There are some moments you won't completely heal from, those rare ones you will take torn open to the grave but throughout all the big moments that shake you up there will be countless tiny experiences that help you laugh all over again.
Martin Ryle|Rules are where there is a lack. They are to make up the deficiency, explicit or implicit. The system of existence, being complete in itself, is in no need to follow any of them. The appearance of disorder---or even order, in contrast---is when we observe something as a detached entity. Taken as a whole, the Universe is absolute, nothing being lacking, insignificant, or improvable. So, any such thing as a Theory of Everything (TOE) is a mere chimera.
Laura Frantz, The Colonel's Lady|His tender tone turned her heart over. She obliged, tilting her head back slightly and looking up at him in the firelit darkness. When he bent his head and his mouth met hers, she gave a little sigh, her lips parting slightly in surprise and expectation. He kissed her with the same sure decisiveness with which he did everything else, his mouth trailing to her cheek and chin and ear, returning again and again to her mouth and lingering there, his breath mingling with her own. She felt adrift in small, sharp bursts of pleasure. Was this how a man was suppose to kiss a woman? Tenderly... firmly... repeatedly? His fingers fanned through her hair till the pins gave way and wayward locks spilled like black ribbon to the small of her back. In answer, her arms circled his neck, bringing him nearer, every kiss sweeter and surer than the one before. Soon they were lost in a haze of sighs and murmurs and caresses.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I pray for grace, strength and wisdom to faithfully fulfill my calling in due time.
Klay Thompson|Grave security concerns can arise as a result of demographic trends, chronic poverty, economic inequality, environmental degradation, pandemic diseases, organized crime, repressive governance and other developments no state can control alone. Arms can't address such concerns.
Michael E Emmering|The most important rule when assessing abductive arguments is to consider alternative explanations. When we are presented with an explanation that sounds plausible, too often we simply accept it without noticing that there are other possible explanations that are equally plausible or more plausible.
Linda Lael Miller, Springwater|Obsession. It starts with a spark. A flicker. At the strike of a match. Lying dormant in most of us, obsession feasts on the fumes, breathes in the smoky scent, curing around and in on itself. Building. We pet it, nurse it into existence. It is ours. All ours. A coveted perfection. And when it refuses to be ignored, it rages. It roars to life. A building inferno. Consuming. We are but pawns to its deceptive power. Though we attempt to guide it, caress it tenderly into a loving beauty, it can not be controlled. It’s a haunted, vengeful lover. Like a wildfire devouring life within it’s path, we can only follow it’s carnal trail.
Sade Adu|I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30, oh, I'm 40, oh, 50.' Make the most of it.
Carlene Carter|People are getting famous now for serving food out of a truck, or for, well, pork buns. I don't know if I'm really pleased to be a part of that. I'm somewhat terrified of what the future holds, especially in America.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|ANTONIO PONTÓN’S TRIAL made front page headlines across major newspapers. On April 17, 1915, the Schenectady Gazette headline read, “Trial of Ponton on the Charge of Committing one of Most Startling Murders in History of County.
Bohumil Hrabal, I Served the King of England|He was a gentle and sensitive soul, and therefore had a short temper, which is why he went straight after everything with an ax...
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All nightmares are a peephole through which we see the unsettling particles of our trampled past, whereas all uplifting dreams are a portal to escape the inexplicable undercurrents that worry our survival.
V.S. Carnes|When she shines we all bask in her happiness, but when the thunderstorms come in, let me warn you, find a faraway hiding hole." Dorothy Broadbelt, lady in waiting to Queen Elizabeth 1.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If they say, it can’t be done, Ask, ‘Why not?’ It can be done. It will be done!
Douglas Adams|In my long life I have found peace, joy, and happiness beyond my fondest hopes and dreams. One of the supreme benedictions of my life has been my marriage to an elect daughter of God. I love her with all my heart and soul.
Andrea Goeglein|When you remain present to the goal at hand, you become ready to receive a powerful gift.
Keith Richards|He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.
Kim Chestney, The Psychic Workshop: A Complete Program for Fulfilling Your Spiritual Potential|You couldn't get a decent drink in either of them, for a start. And the boredom you got in Heaven was almost as bad as the excitement you got in Hell.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Cinema, radio, television, magazines are a school of inattention: people look without seeing, listen in without hearing
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|Children are touched by heaven—their every breath, every laugh, every touch a sip of water to the desert wanderer. I could not have known this as a child, but I know it as a mother, a truth I learned as my own heart grew, bent, danced, and broke for each of my children
William S. Hart, My Life East & West|Each evening she held his head in her hands and ran her aching fingers thru the thick ruff of fur around his neck. He burrowed against her, sighing devotion.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to get what you haven’t gotten yet, then you have to do more than what you were doing before.
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|Terrorists are like zebras; those having more white stripes than black are good terrorists,those with more black stripes than white are bad ones.
Wade Boggs|Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
Abraham Lincoln|A capacity, and taste, for reading, gives access to whatever has already been discovered by others. It is the key, or one of the keys, to the already solved problems. And not only so. It gives a relish, and facility, for successfully pursuing the [yet] unsolved ones.
Ellen G. White|At the very crisis, when Satan seemed about to triumph, the Son of God came with the embassage of divine grace.
Pauline Phillips|I would much prefer that they take me as I am, that way the experience is genuine between the both of us.
Michael Cisco, The Traitor|Ask anyone what that means, what it means to see a miracle, and they will say that it's something impossible, but they mean that a miracle is something formerly believed to be impossible that turns out not to be, not to be impossible, in other words, but possible after all. If this were really true, then miracles would be the most ordinary things in the world, the most uninspiring things in the world, and what can one expect from people who have never been anything but ordinary and uninspired.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The Christmas story is penmanship of the most brilliant sort, where God crafted a beginning that would never be subject to an ending.
Erin Hunter, Sign of the Moon|Destiny isn't a path any cat follows blindly. It is always a matter of choice, and sometimes the heart speaks loudest. Listen to your heart, because that's where your true destiny lies.
Cassia Leo, Bring Me Home|Funny enough, I sit on my porch all day, wave and smile at everyone. Some of them aren't sure, some smiles right back, some come back later and say; "This morning you made my day, had the best day all week, thank you for that!" Smile and wave, that's all it takes :)
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|We thought of [New York] as a free city, like one of those storied prewar tropical nests of intrigue and licentiousness where exiles and lamsters and refugees found shelter in a tangle of improbable juxtapositions.
Jim Malone|Every artist gets asked the question, “Where do you get your ideas?” The honest artist answers, “I steal them.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|You can transform your entire physical appearance, personal experience, energy, and social success simply by smiling. And it is also good to do just for you!
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|[I]t occurred to me that the voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.
Rudyard Kipling|Women must learn to find self-worth within themselves, not through others. It is important to carve out a place just for you.
John Ruskin, The Stones of Venice|And observe, you are put to stern choice in this matter. You must either make a tool of the creature, or a man of him. You cannot make both. Men were not intended to work with the accuracy of tools, to be precise and perfect in all their actions. If you will have that precision out of them, and make their fingers measure degrees like cogwheels, and their arms strike curves like compasses, you must unhumanize them. All the energy of their spirits must be given to make cogs and compasses of themselves....On the other hand, if you will make a man of the working creature, you cannot make a tool. Let him but begin to imagine, to think, to try to do anything worth doing; and the engine-turned precision is lost at once. Out come all his roughness; all his dullness, all his incapability; shame upon shame, failure upon failure, pause after pause: but out comes the whole majesty of him also, and we know the height of it only, when we see the clouds settling upon him.
John Dryden|When I consider life, 't is all a cheat.Yet fool'd with hope, men favour the deceit;Trust on, and think to-morrow will repay.To-morrow 's falser than the former day;Lies worse, and while it says we shall be blestWith some new joys, cuts off what we possest.Strange cozenage! none would live past years again,Yet all hope pleasure in what yet remain;And from the dregs of life think to receiveWhat the first sprightly running could not give.
Gloria Burgess, Dare to Wear Your Soul on the Outside: Live Your Legacy Now|Each of us has a call on our lives. This call says, ‘It’s time to get your act together, then take it on the road.’ This call says, ‘Put on your traveling shoes so that you can be of use to others... so that you can wear your soul on the outside, light the way for others, and pass it on.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Preachers are not salesmen, for they have nothing to sell. They are bearers of Good News.
Hlovate|As truth be told, homecoming never gets old.
Linda Howard, White Lies|This thing I feel for you... I've never felt like this about anyone, Tegan.
Mara Joaquin, Lost in the Sky|Eight-and-twenty years,' said I, 'I have lived, and never a ghost have I seen as yet.'The old woman sat staring hard into the fire, her pale eyes wide open.'Ay,' she broke in; 'and eight-and-twenty years you have lived and never seen the likes of this house, I reckon. There's a many things to see, when one's still but eight-and-twenty.' She swayed her head slowly from side to side. 'A many things to see and sorrow for.' ("The Red Room")
Gerard de Marigny|As important as color is to a painting, or wings to a bird. Music injects vibrancy to film and makes it soar!
Paulo Coelho|It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.
Fred DeLuca|In the matter of learning, the difference between the earnest and the careless student stands out clearly. The same holds true in the mastering of passion and the weaknesses to which our nature is subject, as in the acquiring of virtue.
Chaz Brenchley, Dead Of Light|I had a very funny and depressing talk with my seventy-four-year-old mother. I decided, she doesn't have a bucket list - she has a kick-the-bucket list.
George Will|You've got to enjoy time with your family and friends, and if you're involved in sports franchises, those peak moments in playoff games. You have to enjoy life.
Leo Tolstoy|Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
Darren Shan, Demon Thief|But I don't think Art's an Einstein - he likes tugging ears, biting people and burping too much to be a genius.
Brandon Mull, The Candy Shop War|Could you just call me Pigeon?” he asked the teacher when she read his name.“Does your mother call you Pigeon?”“No.”“Then to me you are Paul.”...“Nathan Sutter,” the teacher read.“My mother never calls me Nathan.”“Is it Nate?”“She calls me Honeylips.
Cathryn Louis|Your actions are viewed by observers through prisms shaped by their own interpretations, and sometimes misinterpretations. All you can do is strive to be your best self. Let the chips fall where they may.
Ibn Battuta, The Travels of Ibn Battutah|Traveling leaves you speechless, then turns you into a storyteller.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|Do you still think Mianaai controls the Radchaai through brainwashing or threats of execution? Those are there, they exist, yes, but most Radchaai, like people most places I have been, do what they’re supposed to because they believe it’s the right thing to do. No one likes killing people.”Strigan made a sardonic noise "No one?""Not many," I amended. "Not enough to fill the Radch's warships".
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|It’s scary. This love thing. The sweet vulnerability of extension. The naked of ‘here I am’. The tentative reaching of outstretched arms. The wide open of hope…Teach me how to be loved. Let me show you how to love me well. School me in the workings of your heart, in the language of your bones. Let my open palm memorize the shape of your face. Tell me the stories of your scars so I can trace them with the honor of understanding. I have been loved by those who didn’t care to discover all that I am. Will you be the one to see me whole?
Kunal Karan Kapoor|The ability to be emotive comes from within...it's innate".
Gretel Ehrlich|When people asked  I used to tell them how sick I was. The more I talked about being sick  the worse I got. Finally  I started saying  "I'm getting better." It took a while  but then I started to feel better  too.
Nadège Richards|Don't judge me by my books. They're not my voices, and they were never my stories to tell.
George Bernard Shaw|It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Men seek a great deal, but fatally close, albeit very different, is one's pride in proving oneself right with one's zeal for finding the truth.
Mike D|Contractions, 'U' for 'you' and the like are wonderful to make communication brief and efficient - but we wouldn't want all our talk to be only brief and efficient. Taking pauses out of language would be like taking the net away from a tennis game. Where would all the fun go?
Christine Pelosi|When we talk about feminism - equality without apology for all - we can't be talking about for all white women or all highly educated women but all women, regardless of color, class, creed, sexual orientation or identity.
Irving Singer, Meaning In Life, Volume 3: The Harmony Of Nature And Spirit|In living this way, we discover new opportunities for comfort and enjoyment. Where the younger person may have tossed and turned throughout a sleepless night, the older man or woman can possibly feel the pleasure that comes from lying on a good mattress, resting one's weary bones and overcharged intellect, whether or not one sleeps throughout the hours of darkness.
Sunday Adelaja|For the present time, just do your job well
Charlie Higson, The Enemy|You can make your superhero a psychopath, you can draw gut-splattering violence, and you can call it a "graphic novel," but comic books are still incredibly stupid.
Dave Reichert|Beauty always promises, but never gives anything.
Donald Trump|Patience is a virtue, and I'm learning patience. It's a tough lesson.
T.A. Loeffler|Imagination is haunted by the swiftness of the creatures that live on the mountain - eagle and peregrine falcon, red deer and mountain hare. The reason for their swiftness is severely practical: food is so scarce up there that only those who can move swiftly over vast stretches of ground may hope to survive. The speed, the whorls and torrents of movement, are in plain fact the mountain's own necessity. But their grace is not necessity. Or if it is - if the swoop, the parabola, the arrow-flight of hooves and wings achieve their beauty by strict adherence to the needs of function - so much the more is the mountain's integrity vindicated. Beauty is not adventitious but essential.
Charlie Donlea, The Girl Who Was Taken|Yeah, the club was dark but so's the whole country. When someone important goes missing, or the case is interesting enough, everybody has the same fetish. Whole world, really. No one admits it, but it's true.
Kya Aliana|What's the bigger risk: Taking the risk, or not taking the risk? What will you accomplish by not taking the risk? What will you accomplish by taking the risk, even if you fail?
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|...the sweetness of grace and freedom comes hand in hand with the uncomfortable, bitter-rawness of honest emotions and grief.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|John Donne's 'A Valediction: forbidding mourning' concerns a sea voyage, and uses the image of a circle as an antidote to the abyss of loss and separation. He pictures the invisible but precious bonds which link carer and cared-for, lover and beloved in an attachment relationship as slender threads of gold.
Jack London, Мартин Иден|If chess has any relationship to film-making, it would be in the way it helps you develop patience and discipline in choosing between alternatives at a time when an impulsive decision seems very attractive.
Debasish Mridha|In this universe, love is the liberating force from the prison of judgment.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to be among the few who rule the world you therefore must learn to convert every time of your life, every second and minute that passes by.
Shilpi Somaya Gowda, Secret Daughter|I cannot admit this out loud. In the first place, we are expected to be supermoms these days, instead of admitting that we have flaws. It is tempting to believe that all mothers wake up feeling fresh every morning, never raise their voices, only cook with organic food, and are equally at ease with the CEO and the PTA.
Stefan Molyneux|An android,” he said, “doesn’t care what happens to another android. That’s one of the indications we look for."“Then,” Miss Luft said, “you must be an android.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|All businesses -- no matter if they make dog food or software -- don't sell products, they sell solutions.
Alexia Purdy, Disarming|Time is truly apathetic to the many to whom a little empathy would mean so much.~"Disarming (Reign of Blood #2)
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|How can you squander even one more day not taking advantage of the greatest shifts of our generation? How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?”- Seth Godin, sethgodin.com
Galileo Galilei|The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|Everyday, there are choices to make and sometimes you make a selfish one.
Robert Herrick|The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Zoe Rosenberg|Courage is meant to be strong, while fear is meant to be broken
Jeaniene Frost, Death's Excellent Vacation|A human hires a hit man to kill his cousin for money, boring. That same hit man botches the job twice, funny. Then the desperate hit man sends a ghoul after the girl to finish things up, my curiosity's piqued. That same ghoul ends up with his head cut off by a mysterious redhead . . . Ah. Now I'm interested.
Joseph Roth, The Emperor's Tomb|Balance is not always obtainable in every situation, however, we have the option to surrender our control over the desired outcome and live more easily in the present moment . This will result in greater peace of mind.
Terry a O'Neal|In the writer's mind, even a backstory has a backstory.
FishMeAnEXo|Thank you for this amazing adventure. I never knew that someone could love without limit. Even when you can't hear me say that I love you or when I can't hear you say that you love me, I found a wonderful lover that I hope to be with even in all of my other lives." he lifted his hands off Kai's neck. 'I love you.'Kai held the sides of Sehun's face and connected their lips for a passionate kiss as they dropped to their knees. Kai forced a smile as he wiped the tears on Sehun's cheeks. 'And you will never know how much I love you.
Anne Lamott, Imperfect Birds|With THC in your system, you don't dream. And you need to. Otherwise it is like losing one of your senses. Dreams are part of your wholeness. ... when you're dreaming, you're not the one calling the shots. So it's a reprieve. ... the dream world had rules in it. You couldn't read a clock in your dreams. It would not give you the time. If the lights were on in a room, you could not turn them off in a dream. ... in indigenous tribes all over the world, the dream world was like church. [p. 247]
Tehya Sky, A Ceremony Called Life: When Your Morning Coffee Is as Sacred as Holy Water|Through you, I see me. Through me, I see you.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten: Uncommon Thoughts on Common Things|If only the scientific experts could come up with something to get it out of our minds. One cup of fixit fizzle that will lift the dirt from our lives, soften our hardness, protect our inner parts, improve our processing, reduce our yellowing and wrinkling, improve our natural color, and make us sweet and good.
Michael Paterniti, Driving Mr. Albert: A Trip Across America with Einstein's Brain|At first, you fall in love. You wake in the morning woozy and your twilight is lit with astral violet light. You spelunk down into each other until you come to possess some inner vision of each other that becomes one thing. Us. Together. And time passes. Like the forming of Earth itself, volcanoes rise and spew lava. Oceans appear. Rock plates shift. Sea turtles swim half the ocean to lay eggs on the mother island; songbirds migrate over continents for berries from a tree. You evolve--cosmically and geologically. You lose each other and find each other again. Every day. Until love gathers the turtles and the birds of your world and encompasses them, too.
T. S. Eliot|You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|As we embrace our passions and delve into the mystery of life, we unite with the majestic complexity of nature; and if we follow the signs, this can help us understand who we really are.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|Young, healthy communities can afford to roll the dice.
Norman Schwarzkopf|In a recent interview, General Norman Schwartzkof was asked if he thought there was room for forgiveness toward the people who have harboured and abetted the terrorists who perpetrated the 9/11 attacks on America. His answer..."I believe that forgiving them is God's function. Our job is simply to arrange the meeting.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|You could have had anything else in the world, and you asked for me."She smiled up at him. Filthy as he was, covered in blood and dirt, he was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen."But I don't want anything else in the world.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|You’re a storyteller. Dream up something wild and improbable," she pleaded. "Something beautiful and full of monsters."“Beautiful and full of monsters?"“All the best stories are.
Christine Fonseca, Libera Me|There is no way of stopping death, not here. You can prolong it. But at some point, it is bound to catch up to you.
Kemi Sogunle|If you are busy focusing on the falling bricks, you will never realize that they are truly stepping stones you need to cross over to the next phase of your life.
Joyce Rachelle|If it is irrational and hypocritical to hold a minor to the same standard of behaviour control as a mature adult, it is equally unjust to hold a traumatised and neurologically impaired adult to the same standard as one not so afflicted
Calvin Coolidge|It still would be years before I understood the seriousness of my change of view. Much later, I recognized it in "Revolution," the essay of Polish journalist Ryszard Kapuscinski, who describes the moment when a man on the edge of a crowd looks back defiantly at a policeman — and when that policeman senses a sudden refusal to accept his defining gaze — as the imperceptible moment in which rebellion is born. "All books about all revolutions begin with a chapter that describes the decay of tottering authority or the misery and sufferings of the people," Kapuscinski writes. "They should begin with a psychological chapter — one that shows how a harassed, terrified man suddenly breaks his terror, stops being afraid. This unusual process — sometimes accomplished in an instant, like a shock — demands to be illustrated. Man gets rid of fear and feel free. Without that, there would be no revolution.
Richard Mitchell, Less Than Words Can Say|Words never fail. We hear them, we read them; they enter into the mind and become part of us for as long as we shall live. Who speaks reason to his fellowmen bestows it upon them. Who mouths inanity disorders thought for all who listen. There must be some minimum allowable dose of inanity beyond which the mind cannot remain reasonable. Irrationality, like buried chemical waste, sooner or later must seep into all the tissues of thought.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Many things are impossible for men to do alone, but everything is possible with God. Regardless of how big your errors might have been, you will find forgiveness when you truly seek for it.
Mary Jane Hathaway, The Pepper in the Gumbo|I know we sort of said goodbye, but I don’t have anyone else to tell this to and I’m going to burst with it. You know EBB’s verse:	God answers sharp and sudden on some prayers,	And thrusts the thing we have prayed 	For in our face, 	A gauntlet with a gift in it. –
Victor Pelevin, Homo Zapiens|In itself a wall on which a panoramic view of a non-existent world is drawn does not change. But for a great deal of money you can buy a view from the window with a painted sun, a sky-blue bay and a calm evening. Unfortunately the author of this fragment will again be Ed—but even this is not important, because the very window the view is bought for is also only drawn in. Then perhaps the wall on which it is drawn is a drawing too? But drawn by whom and on what?He raised his eyes to the wall of the toilet as though in hopes of an answer there. Traced on the tiles in red felt-tip pen were the jolly, rounded letters of a brief slogan: "Trapped? Masturbate!
Michael Bassey Johnson|Confidence cannot escalate to arrogance, it only happens if the blood of pride is running through your veins.
Walter Brueggemann|Compassion constitutes a radical form of criticism, for it announces that the hurt is to be taken seriously, that the hurt is not to be accepted as normal and natural but is an abnormal and unacceptable condition for humanness.
James McBride|Fiction makes your dreams come true, and, as a writer, fiction allows you to delve into the area of miracles.
C.J. Ellisson, Death's Servant|I thought my heart was pure. We do like to have such good opinions of our own motives when we're about to do something harmful, to someone else.
Samdoss|What we earn in life? People heart? Enemies? Just think, why we live this world? Be pleasant, Be honest, Be peaceful.
Raymond E. Feist, Krondor: Tear of the Gods|Be ahead of all parting, as if it had already happened,like winter, which even now is passing.For beneath the winter is a winter so endlessthat to survive it at all is a triumph of the heart.Be forever dead in Eurydice, and climb back singing.Climb praising as you return to connection.Here among the disappearing, in the realm of the transient,be a ringing glass that shatters as it rings.Be. And, at the same time, know what it is not to be.The emptiness inside you allows you to vibratein full resonance with your world. Use it for once.To all that has run its course, and to the vast unsayablenumbers of beings abounding in Nature,add yourself gladly, and cancel the cost.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I’ve got to stop looking at you, like you light my world. You’re the dark cloud which brings the rain. You’re the hurricane which destroys my peace. You are not the sun. I am my own light.
Robert Jordan, The Fires of Heaven|The oak fought the wind and was broken, the willow bent when it must and survived.
Valerie Rickel|Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|You won’t starve, R. In my short life I made so many choices just because I thought they were required, but my dad was right: there’s no rule book for the world. It’s in our heads, our collective human hive-mind. If there are rules, we’re the ones making them. We can change them whenever we want to.
Russell Tovey|My grandmother was a church organist, but we only went on Easter and Christmas Eve sometimes.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|And whosoever fears Allah and keeps his duty to Him, He will make a way for him to get out (from every difficulty).And He will provide him from (sources) he never could imagine.
Robert Gottlieb|Sometimes you surprise yourself with what you can handle, and if you come out the other end with some wisdom, then it's not such a bad thing.
Holly Lisle, Memory of Fire|Console yourself not with the lie that your foe is weak, or stupid, or evil. Sometimes the enemy is worthy. Sometimes his cause is just. Sometimes both sides are right in their own ways-and in the hour that just causes collide, good men will rise up and leap into the fray, and the clash of their meeting will shake the heavens. And their blood will flow like rivers.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|There's a pattern in these Commandments of setting things apart so that their holiness will be perceived. Every day is holy, but the Sabbath is set apart so that the holiness of time can be experienced. Every human being is worthy of honor, but the conscious discipline of honor is learned from this setting apart of the mother and father, who usually labor and are heavy laden, and may be cranky or stingy or ignorant or overbearing. Believe me, I know this can be a hard Commandment to keep. But I believe also that the rewards of obedience are great, because at the root of real honor is always the sense of the sacredness of the person who is its object.
Lois Tilton|If I may take the liberty to speak for science at least, today his name and his prizes are without a peer in the world. He not only elevates science but he influences it as well.
Roman Payne|Now, if there were an Olympics for misleading, mismanaging and misappropriating then this administration would take the gold, world-records for violations of national and international law. They want another four year term to continue to alienate our allies, spend our children's inheritance and hollow out the economy. We cannot afford another Republican administration.
Ted Nugent|I am about to be married, and am of course in all the misery of a man in pursuit of happiness.
Daniel Andersson|A demonstrative and convincing proof that an acid does consist of pointed parts is, that not only all acid salts do Crystallize into edges, but all Dissolutions of different things, caused by acid liquors, do assume this figure in their Crystallization; these Crystalls consist of points differing both in length and bigness from one another, and this diversity must be attributed to the keener or blunter edges of the different sorts of acids.
Ron Baratono|What was glimpsed in Aquarius—what was envisioned, believed in, prophesied, predicted, doubted, and forewarned—is made, in Pisces, manifest. Those solitary visions that, but a month ago, belonged only to the dreamer, will now acquire the form and substance of the real. We were of our own making, and we shall be our own end.And after Pisces? Out of the womb, the bloody birth. We do not follow: we cannot cross from last to first. Aries will not admit a collective point of view, and Taurus will not relinquish the subjective. Gemini's code is an exclusive one. Cancer seeks a source, Leo, a purpose, and Virgo, a design; but these are projects undertaken singly. Only in the zodiac's second act will we begin to show ourselves: in Libra, as a notion, in Scorpio, as a quality, and in Sagittarius, as a voice. In Capricorn we will gain memory, and in Aquarius, vision; it is only in Pisces, the last and oldest of the zodiacal signs, that we acquire a kind of selfhood, something whole. But the doubled fish of Pisces, that mirrored womb of self and self-awareness, is an ourobouros of mind—both the will of fate, and the fated will—and the house of self-undoing is a prison built by prisoners, airless, door-less, and mortared from within. These alterations come upon us irrevocably, as the hands of the clock-face come upon the hour.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|Altogether, the first glimpse of his bride-which should have come as no surprise to Alex, standing there looking so lean and handsome himself-nearly brought him to his knees.
Jens Bjørneboe|It's daft, locking us up," said Nanny. "I'd have had us killed.""That's because you're basically good," said Magrat. "The good are innocent and create justice. The bad are guilty, which is why they invent mercy.
Taylor Swift|Humans, when you talk me about them... I more likely see them as a unsolveable unlogicalable problem... than something else.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens. Wisdom grows not by sitting in peace and solitude in meditation, but by confronting the storms of the past, and studying what triggered them so that we can prevent them from happening again.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Now if you gentlemen,” she looked at Briec, “and whateveryou are, will excuse me.
Anthony Liccione|And as if he had read her thoughts, the old man murmured, 'What a blessing it is to die in your own bed, under your own roof, with your family surrounding you, full of the knowledge that you have lived as thoroughly as you wanted to.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|Nick laughed and pet the Wangdoodle on the head. “Esperto, you silly boy,” he said to the Wangdoodle. “Usually, Esperto only transforms when I’m in danger,” Nick said to Elphaba. “But whenever he’s around Dymons, he loves to play along. Their transformations are to Esperto what a ball of yarn is to a kitten.” Esperto gave out a strange squeaking growl, which Elphaba figured was the Wangdoodle version of a
C. JoyBell C.|I once knew a man who was heir to the throne of a great kingdom, he lived as a ranger and fought his destiny to sit on a throne but in his blood he was a king. I also knew a man who was the king of a small kingdom, it was very small and his throne very humble but he and his people were all brave and worthy conquerors. And I knew a man who sat on a magnificent throne of a big and majestic kingdom, but he was not a king at all, he was only a cowardly steward. If you are the king of a great kingdom, you will always be the only king though you live in the bushes. If you are the king of a small kingdom, you can lead your people in worth and honor and together conquer anything. And if you are not a king, though you sit on the king’s throne and drape yourself in many fine robes of silk and velvet, you are still not the king and you will never be one.
Admiral William H. McRaven|Remember... start each day with a task completed. Find someone to help you through life. Respect everyone. Know that life is not fair and that you will fail often. But if you take some risks, step up when times are toughest, face down the bullies, life up the downtrodden, and never, ever give up - if you do these things, then you can change your life for the better... and maybe the world!
Debra Driza, MILA 2.0|When one has little faith, one must survive from day to day signs-
Shannon L. Alder|Two people with mental issues in a relationship does not work. It's like sitting in a boat and neither one has an oar to row the other to shore. You can meet your mirror image in life, but that doesn't mean you should marry him.
Judith Jamison, Dancing Spirit: An Autobiography|If you're skating on thin ice, you might as well dance!
Israelmore Ayivor|A leader’s skills take him to people, but his character brings people to him.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|Life is a repeated cycle of getting lost and then finding yourself again. There are many smaller cycles within that cycle where you get lost to a smaller degree and then remember yourself again. Sometimes you do it to yourself on purpose, consciously or unconsciously. Every time you get lost it is so that you can learn something or experience something from a different perspective.
Dada Bhagwan|That which comes forth, is present and cautions at all times is called ‘Gnan’ (Eternal knowledge). That indeed is the Soul [Our True Self]. The Soul is not separate from the Knowledge.
Christine Feehan, Safe Harbor|He was demanding. He always would be. But sometimes, he was so vulnerable and she realized she had power in the relationship as well. She hadn’t expected that. He was as vulnerable to her as she was to him. He just acted arrogant and bossy, but deep down, where it counted, he didn’t want to lose her either.
Nikki Rowe|These people will try to manipulate you, try to bring you down but remember baby girl you are a queen, own your crown.
Eraldo Banovac|In real life, the truth is a rarity, while lies are common place.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|Do you think that too," she said, "that I have slept too long in the moonlight?
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|How I miss wandering around with old souls, Aimlessly moving from one place to anotherHow I miss all our dreams and our goalsAnd how we've lost ourselves to find each otherSeems like a playful game of hide-n-seekBut that's how we'll forever play this lifeLoving and living the truth that we seekUntil embraced we find our way to striveGazing into strangers' eyes to find our soul mates,Knowing we're so much closer than we thought.Our heart keeps the light that forever radiatesThrough all the darkness, 'til love is taughtAnd yet again we look into the skies,We see the stars, the moon, that lightMissing our home beyond the nightsLiving in love until the end of the fight.
Jeanne McElvaney, Ignite Changes Using Energy: A Guide for Letting Go of Old Thinking|The moment you believe your experience is caused by other people, you are giving them your power.
Robert Ardrey, African Genesis|We were born of risen apes, not fallen angels, and the apes were armed killers besides. And so what shall we wonder at? Our murders and massacres and missiles, and our irreconcilable regiments?
Big Boi|I always thought of myself as more American than Americans when I was living in Germany, because I always had this attitude of can-do, and if you're successful, you can show it, which is a very un-German thing, you know.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|No matter how you were taught by your teacher about how to recite a poem, it is impossible to wear your teacher's smiling face to the stage. You got to put on that smile.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Dance of the Dissident Daughter|All mothers are rivers and all rivers, mothers.
Cyc Jouzy|In your mind you are cheating somebody, but in reality you are cheating yourself.
Andrew Murray, Humility|The only humility that is really ours is not that which we try to show before God in prayer, but that which we carry with us, and carry out, in our ordinary conduct; the insignficances of daily life are the importances and the tests of eternity, because they prove what really is the spirit that possesses us.
Jennifer DeLucy|Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer|And one thing we know is real: horror. It is so real, in fact, that we cannot be sure it could not exist without us. Yes, it needs our imaginations and our consciousness, but it does not ask or require our consent to use them. Indeed, horror operates with complete autonomy. Generating ontological havoc, it is mephitic foam upon which our lives merely float. And, all said, we must face up to it: horror is more real than we are.
Amanda McCabe, Running from Scandal|If you can't laugh at yourself, don't worry others will…!
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The methodical implementation of modern human faculties that allow us human beings to transcend the physical limits of biological evolution is Education. However, today, the term education has become somehow synonymous with economic benefits and due to the primeval craving for security, it has disgracefully lost its very core of transcendence into the unknown. Thus, the very evolutionary seeds that gave birth to the method known as education have gone almost extinct in the modern industrialized system of soulless competition and regurgitation. Hence emerged the reason for me to get to the root of its quite unofficially accepted problems, and to concoct the thought processes that would make necessary amendments to the perceptual errors of what I call the three major nodes of education system, which are the teachers, the students and the parents.
Luc Besson|If anything is certain, it is that change is certain. The world we are planning for today will not exist in this form tomorrow.
Bruce D. Perry, The Boy Who Was Raised as a Dog: And Other Stories from a Child Psychiatrist's Notebook|The more healthy relationships a child has, the more likely he will be to recover from trauma and thrive. Relationships are the agents of change and the most powerful therapy is human love.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|Back at the Chateau Windsor there was a rat-like scratching at the door of my room. Vinod, the youngest servant, came in with a soda water. He placed it next to the bag of toffees. Then he watched me read. I was used to being observed reading. Sometimes the room would fill like a railway station at rush hour and I would be expected to cure widespread boredom.
Martyn Stanley|Free-thinking” atheists is an oxymoron. They chide Christians for being narrow-minded. No one is more narrow and closed-minded than someone who claims absolutes based on what they “know” as if there is nothing more to learn. I applaud agnostics who have the intellect, humility and openness to say, “I don’t know!” or “I can’t know!” At least they admit there may be more to know!
C.S. Lewis, The Business of Heaven: Daily Readings from C. S. Lewis|It was if, in the process of its long and arduous journey from Afghanistan's mines to Europe's canvases, and its painful evolution from barren beginnings, ultramarine had collected and purified all the wisdom of the different worlds it traversed, retaining only what was common to then, and what was most important. This pure, clean color evokes undulating infinity, that delicate moment between day and night, an image of man constantly drifting between existence and non-existence.
Colette, The Pure and the Impure|I could not imagine the kind of person that would, upon seeing a crazy talcum-powder-covered Southern lady think to herself, Hmmmm, she might make a great new friend. The line between normal and crazy seemed impossibly thin.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|The Airlines lady who travels in the same compartment as us day after day, has bruises on her arms and face today and her eyes keep welling, but no one asks her why. Our eyes dart towards her, but we go back to travelling in too much proximity. Two inches from one another and expressionless.
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|Growing up is like that, I suppose. The strings fall away and you're left standing on your own.
Debasish Mridha|Oh thee! Lets ignite the fire of love in my heart to purify me. Let my heart feel the joy,see the beauty, all around me.Still it may be in pure agony.
Annette Curtis Klause, The Silver Kiss|Like Mom, Zoe thought–like Mom used to. And that’s where they differed, for Zoe wrote quiet poetry suffused with twilight and questions. It’s not even good poetry, she thought. I don’t have talent, it’s her. I should be the one ill; she has so much to offer, so much life. “You’re a dark one,” her mother said sometimes with amused wonder. “You’re a mystery.
Michaela Haze, The Bleeders|When had I stopped being a person with Paranoid Schizophrenia, and become a Paranoid Schizophrenic; defined by my illness?
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|It is my view that the vegetarian manner of living, by its purely physical effect on the human temperament, would most beneficially influence the lot of mankind.
Beyonce Knowles|I'm not as famous as Stephen Hawking, but certainly in the U.S., I have a very high profile for a scientist. It is an awesome responsibility, one that I don't shoulder lightly.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|What greater thing is there for two human souls, than to feel that they are joined for life--to strengthen each other in all labor, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|I'm dying!" Malfoy yelled, as the class panicked. "I'm dying, look at me! It's killed me!
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London & the Road to Wigan Pier|For the gaming fishermen there was the Whatoosie River and its native cocka-snoek, the main game fish of the resident Skegg’s Valley Dynamite Fishing Club. Cocka-snoek were wily and tough and rather too bright for mere fish. You wouldn’t catch much with a rod around here. Many inexperienced visitors would find the bait stolen from their hooks, which punctuated the discovery that their lines had somehow got snagged and tangled irretrievably around some underwater obstruction – sometimes tied together with neat little bows. Often, several direct hits with hand grenades were needed to stun the creatures long enough just to catch them, gut them and fry them, but these former military types had become experts at it. For a modest fee, tours could be arranged via the booking office, which included an overnight stay on the banks of the river where one could drop off to a great night’s sleep after a satisfying meal of cocka-snoek done on an open fire, and the sound the bits of shrapnel made rattling in your stomach.
Henry Handel Richardson, The Getting of Wisdom|After all, there was something rather pleasant in knowing that you were misunderstood. It made you feel different from everyone else.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|When we rely on our own strength, God’s opportunities become inaccessible to us
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|This is the very structure of sports journalism: deification and damnation, death and resurrection, failure and redemption. You succeed so you can falter so you can succeed again. We need a rise and a fall. We need hubris and retribution and recovery.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus, by example, tells us that every true leader should be a helper, a servant, or even a bondslave. This is a command, not a suggestion, and applies with special force to leaders.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|For me, my country comes first. Nothing else matters but my country. I always felt that the best way to express your patriotism is to spread love, and that's all I ever tried to do through my work and my cinema.
E. W. Howe|Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.
Calvin Coolidge|It is hard to see how a great man can be an atheist. Without the sustaining influence of faith in a divine power we could have little faith in ourselves. We need to feel that behind us is intelligence and love. Doubters do not achieve; skeptics do not contribute; cynics do not create. Faith is the great motive power, and no man realizes his full possibilities unless he has the deep conviction that life is eternally important, and that his work, well done, is a part of an unending plan.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The one created thing which we cannot look at is the one thing in the light of which we look at everything. Like the sun at noonday, mysticism explains everything else by the blaze of its own victorious invisibility. Detached intellectualism is (in the exact sense of a popular phrase) all moonshine; for it is light without heat, and it is secondary light, reflected from a dead world. But the Greeks were right when they made Apollo the god both of imagination and of sanity; for he was both the patron of poetry and the patron of healing. Of necessary dogmas and a special creed I shall speak later. But that transcendentalism by which all men live has primarily much the position of the sun in the sky. We are conscious of it as of a kind of splendid confusion; it is something both shining and shapeless, at once a blaze and a blur. But the circle of the moon is as clear and unmistakable, as recurrent and inevitable, as the circle of Euclid on a blackboard. For the moon is utterly reasonable; and the moon is the mother of lunatics and has given to them all her name.
Barbra Streisand|Why is it men are permitted to be obsessed about their work, but women are only permitted to be obsessed about men?
Scott Stapp|This is the point being missed by readers who lament Liquor's lack of hot sex scenes, probably because they aren't old enough to understand that a passionate relationship could be about anything other than sex.
Charles de Gaulle|Culture is about humanizing people. You look at the African-American civil rights movement, you look at the LGBT rights movement - the culture changed before the politics did.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|Vane grabbed me. “DuLac, let’s chat.” British-speak for “Stand still while I yell at you.
Adrián Lamo|At the time of our conversations, Chelsea Manning was 22 years of age - my own age when I made the choice to surrender to federal authorities ... I saw someone very familiar that day, and suddenly felt very old.
Karen McQuestion, A Scattered Life|In as much time as it takes to smoke a cigarette, a person's life was changed forever.
Daniel Willey|If we live our lives looking for the excitement and exhilaration that change can bring, we will be much happier than when we are eventually forced to accept it anyways.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|No matter how loud the sirens or how numerous the hazard signs, we all touch the flames at least once to prove they're hot.
Somya Kedia|Let the sea breeze blow your hair, let the sunset bring tranquility to your heart, let the distant places you travel allow you to explore yourself.
Tony Robbins|Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.'
Joss Whedon|You take people, you put them on a journey, you give them peril, you find out who they really are.
George B. McClellan|Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?'
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|Fate seems to scourge some people with her furies, while it ravishes others with her graces with none having done absolutely nothing to suffer the furies or merit the graces.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|What we have at the moment isn't as the old liturgies used to say, 'the sure and certain hope of the resurrection of the dead,' but a vague and fuzzy optimism that somehow things may work out in the end. 
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|You may have fallen down, but you can get back up again. You may have doors shut, but new doors will open for you. You may have been lied on, but the truth will come to the light. You may have been hurt, but the pain will pass. You are a survivor. You have a history of surviving.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|Fuck me, I thought. I can do magic.
Shannon L. Alder|Timing clicking together, finally, pieces falling into place.
|I was once asked, 'How do you manage to always be in a positive spirit?' I replied, 'It is because I cannot afford to live with the emotional pain that comes with dwelling on negativity.
Auliq-Ice|When in crises situation, never mourn along with the crises, rather speak to the crises saying, "Crises what opportunities are you hiding for me.
Michael Scott, The Sorceress|With a tremendous effort, Areop-Enap opened all its eyes. " I am sorry to leave you alone and defenseless."Perenelle sealed the spider Elder into the huge cocoon of web, then turned and strode across the room. The tiniest breeze swept the floor clean before her. " I am Perenelle Flamel, the Sorceress,"she said aloud, unsure whether Aerop-Enap could hear her. "And I am never defenseless.
Barbara DeLeo, The Bouquet List|I thought you said you didn't want this to happen," she whispered, still dizzy from his kiss. "That there was too much at stake."	"You're a hard woman to resist, Yasmin Katsalos...
Charles Martin, Where the River Ends|The trouble with being too careful about your wishes, though, was that you could end up with a wish so shapeless that it could come true and you wouldn’t even know it, or it wouldn’t matter.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|He would henceforth worship and defend the very reason for Joy, the Almighty Maker of Joy.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|If you have ever seen a dragon in a pinch, you will realize that this was only poetical exaggeration applied to any hobbit, even to Old Took's great-granduncle Bullroarer, who was so huge (for a hobbit) that he could ride a horse. He charged the ranks of the goblins of Mount Gram in the Battle of the Green Fields, and knocked their king Golfibul's head clean off with a wooden club. It sailed a hundred yards through the air and went down a rabbit-hole, and in this way the battle was won and the game of Golf was invented at the same moment.
Abraham Lincoln|Education is and will be the most powerful tool for individual and social change, and we must do all that it takes to facilitate it.
Emily Thorne|When I was a little girl my understanding of revenge was as simple as the Sunday school proverbs it hid behind. Neat little morality slogans like, do un to others and two wrongs don't make a right. But two wrongs can never make a right because; two wrongs can never equal each other. For the truly wronged real satisfaction can only be found in one of two places, absolute forgiveness or mortal vindication. This is not a story about forgiveness.
V.E. Schwab|Those fake blue eyes stared back, mocking me. At least the tears didn’t show. Thank God. Instead, they ducked back into my eyelids as I tucked my sadness back into my core.... The more my mind flew off in one direction, the more my sanity shattered into pieces that no one could sweep up and glue back together.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|In the pursuit of goals, you cannot give up anytime you feel uncomfortable.
Sarah Monzon, All of You|You take the opportunities given to you. If we always waited for perfection, we'd miss out on so much. Don't you think?
J.L. Langley|- had a million things to do today; death would have to wait, -(The Tin Star)
Sudhir Kakar, The Seeker: A Novel|Certainly, Gandhi is not inferior to Christ in goodness and sanctity, and he surpasses him in touching humility. Gandhi is the prophet of hope in this age of pessimism and disillusionment. He is a promise of sanity in the madness induced by our world's heedless drinking at the fount of war.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Very few authors, especially the unpublished, can resist an invitation to read aloud.
Sarah Vowell, Assassination Vacation|Robert Todd Lincoln, a.k.a. Jinxy McDeath.
Stephen Richards|When you are focused on what you're doing, you are not going to miss the next opportunity ... it's more likely that you get more!
Jean-Philippe Toussaint, Television|I sat and three hours later realized I had been seized by an idea that started short but grew to wild size by day's end. The concept was so riveting I found it hard at sunset to flee the library basement and take the bus home to reality: my house, my wife, and our baby daughter.
Helen Keller|Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.
Jay Bell, Something Like Winter|More people should visit Antarctica, metaphorically speaking, on their own. That is one of the conclusions I have reached, one of my recommendations: explore something, even if it's just a bookshelf. Make a stab in the dark. Read off the beaten path. Your attention is precious. Be careful of other people trying to direct how you dispense it. Confront your own values. Decide what it is you are looking for an then look for it. Perform connoisseurship. We all need to create our own vocabulary of appreciation, or we are trapped by the vocabulary of others.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|The sexual mechanisms of the two genders are just not compatible, that’s the horrible truth of it. (...)This is a truth we dare not acknowledge these days - because sameness is our religion and heretics are no more welcome now than they ever were - but I’m going to acknowledge it, because I’ve always felt that humility before the facts is the only thing that keeps a rational man together. Be humble in the face of facts, and proud in the face of opinions, as George Bernard Shaw once said. He didn’t, actually. I just wanted to put some authority behind this observation of mine, because I know you’re not going to like it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|Goodness, real goodness, has it's own sort of cruelty to it.
Amy Dacyczyn, The Complete Tightwad  Gazette|Tightwaddery without creativity is deprivation. When there is a lack of resourcefulness, inventiveness, and innovation, thrift means doing without. When creativity combines with thrift you may be doing it without money, but you are not doing without.
Michael Steele|I have said it on several occasions, several times from this podium, that providing a quality education for our children is high on my priority list. I will not stop now.
Thomas Paine|Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul.
Álvaro de Campos|he woman Caeiro fell in love with. I have no idea who she was, and I intend to never find out, not even out of curiosity. There are things of which the soul refuses to lose its ignorance.I’m perfectly aware no one’s obliged to reciprocate love, and great poets have nothing to do with being great lovers. But there’s a transcendent spite...Let her remain anonymous even to God!
Alin Sav|Pray the prayer nobody dares to pray. "as in heaven, so on earth".
C.M. Stunich, Bad Day|In America the taint of sectarianism lies broad upon the land. Not content with acknowledging the supremacy as the Deity, and with erecting temples in his honor, where all can bow down with reverence, the pride and vanity of human reason enter into and pollute our worship, and the houses that should be of God and for God, alone, where he is to be honored with submissive faith, are too often merely schools of metaphysical and useless distinctions. The nation is sectarian, rather than Christian.Religion's first lesson is humility; its fruit, charity. In the great and sublime ends of Providence, little things are lost, and least of all is he imbued with a right spirit who believes that insignificant observances, subtleties of doctrine, and minor distinctions, enter into the great essentials of the Christian character. The wisest thing for him who is disposed to cavil at the immaterial habits of his neighbor, to split straws on doctrine, to fancy trifles of importance, and to place the man before principles, would be to distrust himself.
Tina Fey|As a physician and a U.S. senator, I have warned since the very beginning about many troubling aspects of Mr. Obama's unprecedented health-insurance mandate. Not only does he believe he can order you to buy insurance, the president also incorrectly equates health insurance coverage with medical care.
Stephen Cambone|Over the course of two years, we arrived at a point where we began to look at the value added by making information more easily accessible across the intelligence community, both defense and national.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|Understandably she had a lot of suitors, just like any other girls in China with two arms and legs.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|To the traditional Indians, terms such as “intercourse”, “penis”, “vagina”, “clitoris”, “semen”, “masturbation”, “breasts”, etc. are exclusive possessions of the night. The traditional Indians perceive these terms as something “dirty”. No matter how old they look, they really never grow up to talk and discuss about sex.
Samuel Johnson|Let's stop big government energy mandates like cap-and-trade, and instead trust the American innovator to make us energy independent.
Gia Coppola|When women reassert their relationship with the wildish nature, they are gifted with a permanent and internal watcher, a knower, a visionary, an oracle, an inspiratrice, an intuitive, a maker, a creator, an inventor, and a listener who guide, suggest, and urge vibrant life in the inner and outer world.
Natasha Farrant, The Things We Did For Love|You should do that more often,” he said. “Laugh, I mean.”“I know.” But that sounded sad, and she didn’t want to be sad, so she added, “I don’t often get to torture grown men, though.”“Really?” he murmured. “I would think you do it all the time.”She looked at him.“When you walk into a room,” he said softly, “the air changes.
Roy T. Bennett|If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.
Marcel Theroux, Far North|And it has always been a mystery, and I've marveled a thousand times at this ability of man (and, it seems, of the Russian man above all) to cherish the highest ideal in his soul alongside the greatest baseness, and all that in perfect sincerity. --The Adolescent (or, The Raw Youth)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Many Don't believe, but i just around for being sakeThe world is experiencing some very strange events, The blood moons during the feast of the tabernacle of Israel, the Pope, the so called father and vicar of Christ on earth who is saying that: " we should be like Christ, but not the failure of the cross", he is trying to tell that our Lord Jesus-Christ failed. Brethren, if you say you believe then you should be aware of these things and take a step back to really believe otherwise you will be disappointed to know that the man you follow, the false pastors and prophets you are following are satan's angels. So many people are not believers but rather religious. Religion will never save you but will rather make you formal. Thank God for His word not any churches, only The Word opens eyes, churches rather blind them. Men of God uniting themselves with political people. The so called representative of Christ, Mister Pope is meeting Mister president of USA. Ooooooooo open your eyes and see the accomplishment of The Holy Word of God. Believing is acting, if you truly believe you will do what is right. Today facebook, the streets, the mall are full of immorality, men and women dressing immorally. I am sad because the wages of sin will be death, let's repent and prepare ourselves for the end is closer than you think. Shalom to your soul.
Ginny Brown-Waite|The forces that are driving mankind toward unity and peace are deep-seated and powerful. They are material and natural, as well as moral and intellectual.
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|Grace was screwed. Royally screwed. As in, her career was over. Finished. Finite.She turned on the windshield wipers and slowed the car as she drove through the rain in the mountains. With a renewed grip on the steering wheel, she sent a quick prayer that the rain would stop.A little sprinkle she could handle. A storm...well, that was another matter entirely.She puffed out her cheeks as she exhaled. If only she was in Scotland for a holiday, but that wasn’t the case at all. In a last-ditch effort to give her muse a good swift kick in the pants, Grace decided to travel to Scotland.All her friends thought she had lost her mind. Her editor thought it was just one more excuse in a very long line of them as to why she hadn’t turned the book in.Grace wished she knew the reason the words just stopped coming. One day they were there, and the next...gone, vanished. Poof!Writing wasn’t just her career. It was her life. Because within the words and pages she was able to write about heroines who had relationships she would never have. It was the sad truth, but it was the truth.Grace accepted her lot...in a way. She might realize the string of miserable dates were complete misses and admit that. However, the stories running through her head allowed her to dream as far as she could, and encounter men and adventures sitting behind a computer never would.Not being able to find the words anymore was like having someone steal her soul.She breathed a sigh of relief when the rain stopped and she was able to turn off her windshield wipers. In the two hours since she checked into the B&B, it hadn’t stopped raining.Rain was a part of being in Scotland, and she was pushing herself with her fear of storms to be out in it as well. It proved how far she would go to find her soul again. She needed to write, to sink into another world where she could find happiness and a love that lasted forever.Now she was armed with her laptop and steely determination. She would find her muse again. Just as soon as she found the right place. The scenery along the highway was stunning, but the noise of the passing vehicles would be too much.Grace needed somewhere off the beaten path. Somewhere she could pretend she was the only person left in the world.
Kevin Dellinger, Your Soul Mate|Behold my Love which traveled by Sudden Days. I wash away my withered cold Hands to a Warm Embrace of You, My Eternal Summer!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Never allow anyone to hold the key to your happiness, key to your heart, or key to your dreams. Be in control of your life and build your hopes on things eternal. No one should have the power to manipulate your life, optimism, love, or success.
M.B. Mohan, Our Different Paths|When I was a child, I believed that those stars were knights in silver armor protecting the universe against darkness.
Jennifer Belle, The Seven Year Bitch|God save me ere I have any babies. They are grabby, clingy creatures who steal your figure and always want a ribbon or a wooden sword. And who sometimes make you die bearing them.
Craig Venter|The first private space of my own wasn't a dorm room; it was a hotel room in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Ian Fleming, From Russia With Love|He acted like a libertine of Europe with a genteel Southern propriety—and had all the morals of an emotionless psychopath. The two former masked the latter, like leaves covering a snare. You didn't notice the steel jaws until they were impaled in your flesh, and by then it was already far too late to run.
Zadie Smith|He had liked to listen to the exotic (to a Belsey) chatter of business and money and practical politics; to hear that Equality was a myth, and Multiculturalism was a fatuous dream; he thrilled at the suggestion that Art was a gift from God, blessing only a handful of masters, and most Literature merely a veil for poorly reasoned left-wing ideologies.
Galileo Galilei|Philosophy [nature] is written in that great book which ever is before our eyes -- I mean the universe -- but we cannot understand it if we do not first learn the language and grasp the symbols in which it is written. The book is written in mathematical language, and the symbols are triangles, circles and other geometrical figures, without whose help it is impossible to comprehend a single word of it; without which one wanders in vain through a dark labyrinth.
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|What a huge inaccessible lumber-room of thought and experience we amounted to, I thought; how much we are, how little we transmit.
Priscilla Koranteng, Trails to the Stream: Poetry and Inspiration for Everyday Living|Let out your heat!Unleash your imaginationLet the burning fragrance of your unimpeachable imaginationsparkle through the morning’s you.At night, let the stoical sweat of your day ease your musclesRelax your feet.You will need them to walk again tomorrow
Magan Vernon, These Paper Walls|As Elijah collapsed, shaking, against him, Baz wrapped his arms around his lover, shut his eyes and let the velvet rope Elijah had used to lead him here settle comfortably around his heart.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|If one cannot gain recognition for anything else, he can rest well with the assurance that he is "good," which in most cases equates with "right". Were it not for an evil to rail against he might just as well never have been born. Yes, evil is the great savior and sustainer of those who condemn it most.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Humanity does not ask us to be happy. It merely asks us to be brilliant on its behalf. Survival first, and then happiness as we can manage it.... Take what pleasure you can in the interstices of your work, but your work is first, learning first, winning is everything because without it there is nothing.
Robert S. Hichens, the Return of the Soul and Other Stories|Some say that it is lack of imagination which makes men and women brutes. May it not be power of imagination? The interest of torturing is lessened, is almost lost, if we can not be the tortured as well as the torturer.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, divine wisdom.
Dannika Dark, Seven Years|No, it’s fine. I know you’re late. Maybe we can talk tomorrow, but I’m going to be in and out all day.”“That’s what he said,” she purred.
wisdom kavi|You are blessed today not because God loves you most but, God just want to bless someone through you. so just be careful you might probably be holding onto someones blessings. Remember you are just servant/messenger of God.
Michael Delaware, Blue and the Magical Forest: The Power of Hopes and Dreams|For magic to exist, it must be shared. Always remember to pass along your kindness to others... A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Mary Baker Eddy, Poems by Mary Baker Eddy|When angels visit us, we do not hear the rustle of wings, nor feel the feathery touch of the breast of a dove; but we know their presence by the love they create in our hearts.
Mark Hack|Only two people knew this side of her—herself, and the one who had created it; the one who made her secretly loathe herself, made her feel used and dirty and broken—like tarnished scraps of silver. These night-time reminders made her too aware that like those silver scraps, even if she were somehow melded into something whole, she would be new—never the same as she once was. Never unbroken.
John Irving, Until I Find You|He nods, as if to acknowledge that endings are almost always a little sad, even when there is something to look forward to on the other side.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Do not do everything for your children – teach them personal responsibility and accountability. This includes using your home environment – the kitchen, the garden, making their room/bed, chores – as training platforms. Prepare them to be independent.
Yusuf Al-Qaradawi, Uṣūl al Fiqh al Islāmī: Source Methodology in Islamic Jurisprudence|Happy will be those who take a lesson and warning from the mistakes and misfortunes of others and seek, nevertheless, to adopt the good they offer. Wisdom, wherever he finds it, it's a believer's goal, because he is more worthy of it than anyone else.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I simply wish to continue to learn, & try to do what I have to do, better.
Stephen Mosley|I’ve learnt that eyes don't change. No matter how old or beat up you get, your eyes stay the same.
Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems|Oak, granite,Lilies by the road,Remember me?I remember you.Clouds brushingClover hills,Remember me?Sister, child,Grown tall,Remember me?I remember you.
Edouard Manet|He has no talent at all, that boy! You, who are his friend, tell him, please, to give up painting.–--Manet to Monet, on Renoir---
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Digestion of words as well; I often read aloud to myself in my writing corner in the library, where no one can hear me, for the sake of better savouring the text, so as to make it all the more mine.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Silence is very dangerous, especially when your words can be the only source of healing at a moment.
Kahlil Gibran|...never be disappointing - you may wound me, but you must never be disappointing...
Homer, The Odyssey|They walked off on the earthy path, laughing not quite naturally, for they could hardly help being pleased by the momentary attention of descending passengers and by their own almost meritorious youth.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|A secret to which truth has always initiated her lovers, and through which they have learned that it is in hiding that she offers herself to them most truly.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Strategy, role-model, systems thinking, trust, relationship management, balance, etc., are all important culture change principles.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Armageddon in Retrospect|Even when we strive for perfection, life is nothing more than an attempt to achieve it through a series of greater or smaller imperfections.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Rise to the challenge of bringing your dreams to life! Do not be discouraged by resistance, be nourished by it. Success is the experience of rising to the level of your true greatness.
Sebastian Barry|The real comfort is that the history of the world contains so much grief that my small griefs are edged out, and are only cinders at the borders of the fire. I am saying this again because I want it to be true.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|Beyond all of that, I could see the wall I had seen from inside the train, the wall that runs along the train line. I assumed that there, behind it, was the west, and I was right. I could have been wrong, but I was right.' If she had any future it was over there, and she needed to get to it.I sit in the chair exploring the meaning of dumbstruck, rolling the word around in my mind. I laugh with Miriam as she laughs at herself, and at the boldness of being sixteen. At sixteen you are invulnerable. I laugh with her about rummaging around for a ladder in other people's sheds, and I laugh harder when she finds one. We laugh at the improbability of it, of someone barely more than a child poking around in Beatrix Potter's garden by the Wall, watching out for Mr McGregor and his blunderbuss, and looking for a step-ladder to scale one of the most fortified barriers on earth. We both like the girl she was, and I like the woman she has become.She says suddenly, 'I still have the scars on my hands from climbing the barbed wire, but you can't see them so well now.' She holds out her hands. The soft parts of her palms are crazed with definite white scares, each about a centimeter long.The first fence was wire mesh with a roll of barbed wire along the top.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|What would you do if I kissed you right now?"I stared at his beautiful face and his beautiful mouth and I wanted nothing more than to taste it. "I would kiss you back.
Brie Larson|I grew up loving X-Men, Spider-Man and Batman. Those are obviously the key big ones, but there's always something kind of cool about Aquaman still, the idea of creating a huge world that is on our planet.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|If you go to your death rather than do everything you might to prevent what is happening, you are merely committing suicide and trying to make yourself feel better about it. That is the act of a coward. It is beneath contempt.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Chloroplasts bear chlorophyll; they give the green world its color, and they carry out the business of photosynthesis. Around the inside perimeter of each gigantic cell trailed a continuous loop of these bright green dots. They spun . . . they pulsed, pressed, and thronged . . . they shone, they swarmed in ever-shifting files around and around the edge of the cell; they wandered, they charged, they milled, raced . . . they flowed and trooped greenly . . . All the green in the planted world consists of these whole, rounded chloroplasts . . . If you analyze a molecule of chlorophyll itself, what you get is one hundred thirty-six atoms of hydrogen, carbon, oxygen, and nitrogen arranged in an exact and complex relationship around a central ring. At the ring’s center is a single atom of magnesium. Now: If you remove the atom of magnesium and in its place put an atom of iron, you get a molecule of hemoglobin. The iron atom combines with all the other atoms to make red blood, the streaming red dots in the goldfish’s tail.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|I'm not alone, my pain walk with me step by step sometime if i go ahead its come fast and catch me sometime its wait for me some step ahead.what a good friend.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|I am emotional about engines, if you hurt my car, you hurt my heart.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|Of course, maybe I'd end up like one of those crazy old people with, like, sixty cats. And one day, the neighbors would complain about the smell, and it would turn out I'd died and the cats had eaten me.Still, it might be nice to have a cat.
Mindy Kaling|I'm the only one in my family who is deaf, and there are still conversations that go around me that I miss out on. And I ask what's going on, and I have to ask to be included. But I'm not going to be sad about it. I don't live in sad isolation. It's just a situation I'm used to.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|If they look as though they're worried, we'll move in.''And do what exactly?' said Polly.'Threaten to shoot them,' said Maladict firmly.'And if they don't believ
Stephen Law|Reasonableness is a matter of degree. Beliefs can be very reasonable (Japan exists), fairly reasonable (quarks exist), not unreasonable (there's intelligent life on other planets) or downright unreasonable (fairies exist).There's a scale of reasonableness, if you like, with very reasonable beliefs near the top and deeply unreasonable ones towards the bottom. Notice a belief can be very high up the scale, yet still be open to some doubt. And even when a belief is low down, we can still acknowledge the remote possibility it might be true.How reasonable is the belief that God exists? Atheists typically think it very unreasonable. Very low on the scale. But most religious people say it is at least not unreasonable (have you ever met a Christian who said 'Hey, belief in God is no more reasonable than belief in fairies, but I believe it anyway!'?) They think their belief is at least halfway up the scale of reasonableness.Now, that their belief is downright unreasonable might, in fact, be established empirically. If it turned out that not only is there no good evidence of an all-powerful, all-good God, there's also overwhelming evidence against (from millions of years of unimaginable and pointless animal suffering, including several mass extinctions - to thousands of children being crushed to death or buried alive in Pakistan earthquake, etc. etc. etc.) then it could be empirically confirmed that there's no God.Would this constitute a 'proof' that there's no God? Depends what you mean by 'proof'. Personally I think these sorts of consideration do establish beyond any reasonable doubt that there is no all-powerful all-good God. So we can, in this sense, prove there's no God.Yet all the people quoted in my last blog say you cannot 'scientifically' prove or disprove God's existence. If they mean prove beyond any doubt they are right. But then hardly anything is provable in that sense, not even the non-existence of fairies.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|And when long years and seasons wheeling brought around that point of time ordained for him to make his passage homeward, trials and dangers, even so, attended him even in Ithaca, near those he loved.
Justin Timberlake|I've never felt like I've exactly traded on my looks. When I was a teenager, I was an ultra late bloomer, and my mom would say it was a blessing because it means you never have to wonder if guys are only interested in you because you've got boobs.
Marcel Proust|As for me, I feel myself living and thinking in a room where everything is the creation and the language of lives profoundly different from mine, of a taste opposite to mine, where I find nothing of my conscious thought, where my imagination is excited by feeling itself plunged into the depths of the non-ego; I feel happy only when setting foot—on the Avenue de la Gare, on the Port, or on the Place de l'Eglise—in one of those provincial hotels with cold, long corridors where the wind from outside contends successfully with the efforts of the heating system, where the detailed geographic map of the district is still the sole ornament on the walls, where each noise helps only to make the silence appear by displacing it, where the rooms keep a musty perfume which the open air comes to wash, but does not eliminate, and which the nostrils inhale a hundred times in order to bring it to the imagination, which is enchanted with it, which has it pose like a model to try to recreate it with all the thoughts and remembrances that it contains...
Mark A. Noll, The Scandal of the Evangelical Mind|The point of Christian scholarship is not recognition by standards established in the wider culture. The point is to praise God with the mind. Such efforts will lead to the kind of intellectual integrity that sometimes receives recognition. But for the Christian that recognition is only a fairly inconsequential by-product. The real point is valuing what God has made, believing that the creation is as "good" as he said it was, and exploring the fullest dimensions of what it meant for the Son of God to "become flesh and dwell among us." Ultimately, intellectual work of this sort is its own reward, because it is focused on the only One whose recognition is important, the One before whom all hearts are open.
Albert Camus|Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.”But I wonder if there’s no breaking then there’s no healing, and if there’s no healing then there’s no learning. And if there’s no learning then there’s no struggle. But the struggle is a part of life. So must all hearts be broken?
Bruce Schneier|If Wikileaks didn't resolve that question for folks - at the end of the day, there are no secrets. We're living in a glass neighborhood, in a fishbowl, and technology, white hat hackers, the folks that are doing the right thing with hacking.
Gary Ross|The why is what makes journalism an adult game. The why is what makes policy coherent and useful. The why is what transforms bureaucrats and foot soldiers and political leaders into viable instruments of rational and affirmative change. The why is everything and without it, the very suggestion of human progress becomes a cosmic joke.
Dada Bhagwan|One who does not join in with the unfolding karmic effects (karma oodai) is a Gnani (Self-realized), and an agnani (non-Self-realized) cannot indeed refrain from joining in with the unfolding karmic effects.
Howard Gardner|Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.
Martyn V. Halm|If you want to treat your book as a child, the finished book should be an adult, capable to stand on its own legs and able to weather the thunder. Not a baby that still needs to be defended.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|There is not a day or night but a doe offers her life for her kittens, or some honest captain of Owsla his life for his Chief Rabbit's. Sometimes it is taken, sometimes it is not. But there is no bargain, for here, what is, is what must be.
Jackie Evancho|Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.
C. JoyBell C.|When you are having a really crappy day, and life seems to be kicking your ass, try to force your self to laugh. If you can achieve a smile and a laugh, you can chase any demons away
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|A misspelled word is probably an alias for some desperate call for aid, which is bound to fail.
Bill Nye|Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress; when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other.
Mya Waechtler|In a time where everyone is searching for success, it's easy for other so called entrepreneurs to live off them because they haven't learned patience when it comes to money.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|There is a fearful moment of reckoning before us should it ever chance that when all our trees shall have been sacrificed on the altar of the patron-fiend of news, the newspaper supply shall suddenly be cut off and we find ourselves some fine morning minus our tidbits of shame and failure and disaster, left to the companionship of our own thoughts. Dante never imagined a terror like this.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When confronted with the world’s problems, we Christians say automatically: “Christianity is the answer.” But this is not true! It is the application of Christianity that is the answer.
Nikki Rowe|Oh, the days will be tough that I promise is true but right around the corner the dream will be Infront of you.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|Occasionally, merely for the pleasure of being cruel, we put unoffending Frenchmen on the rack with questions framed in the incomprehensible jargon of their native language, and while they writhed, we impaled them, we peppered them, we scarified them, with their own vile verbs and participles.
Ayrton Senna|The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one.
Boris Sadovskoy, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|And I played music through the night, alone, echoing through the halls. My life, alive through note.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Humility and How to Get It|Man is a fallen star till he is right with heaven: he is out of order with himself and all around him till he occupies his true place in relation to God. When he serves God, he has reached that point where he doth serve himself best, and enjoys himself most. It is man's honour, it is man's joy, it is man's heaven, to live unto God.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Don’t be anxious of circumstances, gain X-factor to face it.
Denis Leary|The thing with movies is, because you have so little time, I always feel like there are more things we could've done with the character. If we'd done a sequel to 'The Thomas Crown Affair,' what would that have been like? But for the most part, you try not to think of that, because it's just going to break your heart.
Michael Bassey Johnson|People will walk in and walk out of your life, but the one whose footstep made a long lasting impression is the one you should never allow to walk out.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|She turned to the sunlight    And shook her yellow head,And whispered to her neighbor:    "Winter is dead.
Scott Cairns, The End of Suffering: Finding Purpose in Pain|May our afflictions be few, but may we learn not to squander them.
Carol S. Dweck|Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.
Ibn Abī al-Dunyā|A good deed that follows upon another is the reward for the first one, and an evil deed that follows upon another is a punishment for the first one.
Conrad Aquino, Life Should Be Simple and Easy: If You're Doing It Hard, You're Doing It Wrong|Life should be simple and easy. If you're doing it hard, you're doing it wrong.
Dinesh D'Souza, What's So Great About America|Let us concede at the outset that, in a free society, freedom will frequently be used badly. Freedom, by definition, includes freedom to do good or evil, to act nobly or basely. Thus we should not be surprised that there is a considerable amount of vice, licentiousness, and vulgarity in a free society. Given the warped timber of humanity, freedom is simply an expression of human flaws and weaknesses. But if freedom brings out the worst in people, it also brings out the best.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|Our natures own predilections and antipathies alike strange. There are people from whom we secretly shrink, whom we would personally avoid, though reason confesses that they are good people: there are others with faults of temper, &c., evident enough, beside whom we live content, as if the air about them did us good.
Abhijit Naskar|Don't judge people by their religious, cultural, or professional background. Judge if you must, by their behavior with other people.
Jane Goodall|But let us not forget that human love and compassion are equally deeply rooted in our primate heritage, and in this sphere too our sensibilities are of a higher order of magnitude than those of chimpanzees.
Jonathan Heatt|If we analyse the classes of life, we readily find that there are three cardinal classes which are radically distinct in function. A short analysis will disclose to us that, though minerals have various activities, they are not "living." The plants have a very definite and well known function-the transformation of solar energy into organic chemical energy. They are a class of life which appropriates one kind of energy, converts it into another kind and stores it up; in that sense they are a kind of storage battery for the solar energy; and so I define THE PLANTS AS THE CHEMISTRY-BINDING class of life.The animals use the highly dynamic products of the chemistry-binding class-the plants-as food, and those products-the results of plant-transformation-undergo in animals a further transformation into yet higher forms; and the animals are correspondingly a more dynamic class of life; their energy is kinetic; they have a remarkable freedom and power which the plants do not possess-I mean the freedom and faculty to move about in space; and so I define ANIMALS AS THE SPACE-BINDING CLASS OF LIFE.And now what shall we say of human beings? What is to be our definition of Man? Like the animals, human beings do indeed possess the space-binding capacity but, over and above that, human beings possess a most remarkable capacity which is entirely peculiar to them-I mean the capacity to summarise, digest and appropriate the labors and experiences of the past; I mean the capacity to use the fruits of past labors and experiences as intellectual or spiritual capital for developments in the present; I mean the capacity to employ as instruments of increasing power the accumulated achievements of the all-precious lives of the past generations spent in trial and error, trial and success; I mean the capacity of human beings to conduct their lives in the ever increasing light of inherited wisdom; I mean the capacity in virtue of which man is at once the heritor of the by-gone ages and the trustee of posterity. And because humanity is just this magnificent natural agency by which the past lives in the present and the present for the future, I define HUMANITY, in the universal tongue of mathematics and mechanics, to be the TIME-BINDING CLASS OF LIFE.
Kirsten Gillibrand|All of us have been trained by education and environment to seek personal gain and security and to fight for ourselves. Though we cover it over with pleasant phrases, we have been educated for various professions within a system which is based on exploitation and acquisitive fear.
Louis L'Amour|Most of life is routine-dull and grubby, but routine is the mountain that keeps a man going. If you wait for inspiration you'll be standing on the corner after the parade is a mile down the street.
Ken  Goldstein, Endless Encores: Repeating Success Through People, Products, and Profits|Talent is divinely gifted, and never to be cheaply exchanged for the sake of trinkets and fame.
Mos Def|I love cycling, but if I could find a way of building something above the streets for cyclists, that would be amazing. We need even more space.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|If automating everything makes people lazier and lazier, and laziness leads to stupidity, which it does for most people, judging by the current content circulating the social networks everywhere, except North Korea, where they don’t have any internet to speak of - at some point the Japanese robots, for which a market niche is currently being developed, with no concerns on how they should be designed to act in society or outside it - will have no choice, but to take everything over, to preserve us from ourselves…
Michael  Grant, Light|But then had come the voice that said, "Come on, you little freak, wherever the hell you are,whatever the hell you are, let’s get this done with.
Chris Crutcher|For millions, Roger Ebert will be remembered as a writer and television personality who brought a sense of passion and excellence to his craft. For me, he is a man who fused joy and courage as few others ever have. My life was enriched by having such a friend; it is poorer for losing such a friend.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|The hangover: such a cure, she thinks, for overthinking.
Harold Varmus|In our adventures, we have only seen our monsters more clearly and described his scales and fangs in new ways - ways that reveal a cancer cell to be. like Grendel, a distorted version of ourselves." -1989 Nobel Prize Speech, Cited in Siddhartha Mukherjee's Emperor of All Maladies
Bert McCoy|I told him how winning never feels as good as losing feels bad and when he asked why, I told him that my wins were for someone else but my losses were all on me.
Malcolm Gladwell, The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference|In truth, it was also by design: as much as I loved my mother, she wasn't often the person I sought for comfort in hard times. She disapproved tacitly of crying.
Sunday Adelaja|We don’t just believe that God is real, but in tough circumstances we believe that he knows the way out
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|I adore imaginary monsters, but I am terrified of real ones.
Louie Schwartzberg|For me nature is not landscape, but the dynamism of visual forces.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|Away from home, my partner and I are on holiday on a resort on an island. Mealtimes bring everyone together. We enter the dining room, where we face many tables places alongside each other… I face what seems like a shocking image. In front of me, on the tables, couples are seated. Table after table, couple after couple, taking the same form: one many sitting by one woman around a ‘round table,’ facing each other 'over’ the table… I am shocked by the sheer force of the regularity of that which is familiar: how each table presents the same form of sociality as the form of the heterosexual couple. How is it possible, with all that is possible, that the same form is repeated again and again? How does the openness of the future get closed down into so little in the present?
James Cromwell|The architect, Peter Arens who is the monstrous carbuncle architect, not merely did his design which had won a public competition never get built but his practice suffered financially for some years.
Omrane Khuder|I PAINT MY FACE.By Omrane Khuder.Mirror, distorted; I sit, paint my Face,Toxic white Make-up buries my Scars,My Eyes tell lies; Dumbfounded Confidence hides the Disgrace.Place the tragic Vehicle called My Life in to Drive,Sad pathetic Clown; Late for the suppression show,Despair another time; Let the chuckles and defeat derive.I paint my Heart; I hide my True.I paint my Soul; I keep it from You.I paint, I cannot accept; To ignore you the way you ignore Me?I paint my scarred and pitiful Face; No Will left to restore Me.I paint my Face; it’s all I know to do.My painted Face shatters the Mirror, yet still all I see is You.
Faydra D. Fields|Stay off the bandwagon. More likely than not, your own way of getting there makes for a better journey.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|[I]t doesn’t matter whom you love or where you move from or to, you always take yourself with you. If you don’t know who you are, or if you’ve forgotten or misplaced her, then you’ll always feel as if you don’t belong. Anywhere. (xiii)
Hunter S. Thompson|People ask for this life, but they don't really understand what comes with it. People just see the outside and that looks good - big houses, cars, girls, but you never see how the person is feeling deep down inside. Me personally, being a man, I'm going to feel better displaying all of this and pouring my heart out on each record.
Jeffrey McDaniel|When you were sleeping on the sofaI put my ear to your ear and listenedto the echo of your dreams.That is the ocean I want to dive in, merge with the bright fish, plankton and pirate ships.I walk up to people on the street that kind of look like youand ask them the questions I would ask you.Can we sit on a rooftop and watch stars dissolve into smokerising from a chimney? Can I swing like Tarzan in the jungle of your breathing? I don’t wish I was in your arms, I just wish I was peddling a bicycle toward your arms.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|If a person holds no ambitions in this world, he suffers unknowingly. If a person holds ambitions, he suffers knowingly, but very slowly.
Marshall McLuhan|Man has no Body distinct from his Soul; for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age.
Alison G. Bailey, Present Perfect|Soul mates may be linked, but fight to separate, causing wounds and confusion. They teach what no one else can.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|Only by the aid of language does reason bring about its most important achievements, namely the harmonious and consistent action of several individuals, the planned cooperation of many thousands, civilization, the State; and then, science, the storing up of previous experience, the summarizing into one concept of what is common, the communication of truth, the spreading of error, thoughts and poems, dogmas and superstitions. The animal learns to know death only when he dies, but man consciously draws every hour nearer his death; and at times this makes life a precarious business, even to the man who has not already recognized this character of constant annihilation in the whole of life itself.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|A woman cannot ever be sure of not being married till she is buried, Mrs. Doctor, dear, and meanwhile I will make a batch of cherry pies.
Diane Sawyer|Technology has made music accessible in a philosophically interesting way, which is great. But on the other hand, when everybody has the ability to make magic, it's like there's no more magic - if the audience can just do it themselves, why are they going to bother?
Mehmet Murat ildan, Award Winning Plays -2|You see only the cat’s paw, Signor Tartini, whereas I see the sharp claws hidden in that paw!.. Women are like fire; they warm you from afar, and when you enter into them they burn you to ashes!
Timothy Noah|I'm not afraid of death, but I resent it. I think it's unfair and irritating.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|All I wanted was for you to be free from everything. And with that freedom, you often showed me another world, so I wanted you to be even freer. I wanted you to be so free that you would live your life for other people.
Janeane Garofalo, Feel This Book: An Essential Guide to Self-Empowerment, Spiritual Supremacy, and Sexual Satisfaction|We are much too much inclined in these days to divide people into permanent categories, forgetting that a category only exists for its special purpose and must be forgotten as soon as that purpose is served.
Shannon L. Alder|Staying silent is like a slow growing cancer to the soul and a trait of a true coward. There is nothing intelligent about not standing up for yourself. You may not win every battle. However, everyone will at least know what you stood for—YOU.
B.L. Sauder, Year of the Golden Dragon|I forgot that Mark and Brian are gardening for you now.	"You're the master gardener. So you are in charge of them.	But as a dragon-shifter, I want to do what you do.	Ena smiled. You want to earn the kind of treasure that I do. But you would have to learn the trade.	Right! You can be my teacher. I need to earn my own way if I'm going to court you. How will I ever be able to buy you the most extravagant gifts when I am still trying to pay off my boots and other clothes?
Riley Amos Westbrook|Don't go getting offended my friend, I have much worse things to say to you.-Ad'Dam, Journey from Atremes
Jean Kilbourne, Can't Buy My Love: How Advertising Changes the Way We Think and Feel|So long as atrocities remain remote, abstract, they will be tolerated, even by decent people.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|At that moment when you feel like giving up, take a look and search deep inside in oder to understand how far you've come. Don't give up now! Success is right around the corner.
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|If Love is Pure, Love is Simple
Jessica Spotswood, Born Wicked|No matter how safe and beautiful it is, a cage is still a cage.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|Over the course of your life you are actually hundreds of different people. You are a different person at the coffee shop than you are at the bar, and a different person for the dry cleaner than you are for your boyfriend, and a different person at work than you are on vacation. You are nobody in particular. But once somebody finds you and loves you, you have to keep being the person that they love. You want thier love. You need to keep getting it even if it means pretending...but no one loved her and so she could keep changing.
John Oulton Wisdom, Man and the Science of Man|Everybody means by an open mind, a mind which contains their prejudices but not somebody else's.
Gwendoline Riley|She was learning something important: how to live within the sound of her own slow breathing, how to love the view when her eyes were shut.
Jennifer Kacey, Beneath the Pages|He wondered what life had in store for them.And for once, he couldn’t wait to find out.
Dwayne Johnson|Since the gluten-free diet is not for everyone, it's recommended that you stick with a gluten-free diet for at least 3 weeks first to see if it works for you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Do not Forget PAIN, You Endure in it's presence!!
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still,Should, without eyes, see pathways to his will!Where shall we dine? O me! What fray was here?Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all.Here’s much to do with hate, but more with love.Why, then, O brawling love! O loving hate!O any thing, of nothing first create!O heavy lightness! Serious vanity!Mis-shapen chaos of well-seeming forms!Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health!Still-waking sleep, that is not what it is!This love feel I, that feel no love in this.Dost thou not laugh?
Nikki Sex, Elizabeth's Bondage|I am a good lover, but that is not so difficult. It requires only that I pay attention, and watch and listen to a woman and her body." André Chevalier
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|The desire to be loved, to feel loved, is behind every diet, pill, surgery, and lie. It is behind each act of violence and every affair as well as each organized religion and every method of self-help.
Shalom Auslander, Hope: A Tragedy|Tragedy was like that, a razor that sliced through time, severing the now from the before, incising the what-might-have-been from reality as cleanly as any surgeon's blade.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|According to scientists, there are three stages of love: lust, attraction, and attachment. And, it turns out, each of the stages is orchestrated by chemicals—neurotransmitters—in the brain.As you might expect, lust is ruled by testosterone and estrogen.The second stage, attraction, is governed by dopamine and serotonin. When, for example, couples report feeling indescribably happy in each other’s presence, that’s dopamine, the pleasure hormone, doing its work.Taking cocaine fosters the same level of euphoria. In fact, scientists who study both the brains of new lovers and cocaine addicts are hard-pressed to tell the difference.The second chemical of the attraction phase is serotonin. When couples confess that they can’t stop thinking about each other, it’s because their serotonin level has dropped. People in love have the same low serotonin levels as people with OCD. The reason they can’t stop thinking about each other is that they are literally obsessed.Oxytocin and vasopressin control the third stage: attachment or long-term bonding. Oxytocin is released during orgasm and makes you feel closer to the person you’ve had sex with. It’s also released during childbirth and helps bond mother to child. Vasopressin is released postcoitally.Natasha knows these facts cold. Knowing them helped her get over Rob’s betrayal. So she knows: love is just chemicals and coincidence.So why does Daniel feel like something more?
Ellen Dawn Benefield, Wyrd Wravings: An Anthology of Humorous Speculative Fiction|First contact comes not by hand of man, but by metal of machine.
Sean Bean|In 1962, I wrote a series about 42nd Street called 'Welcome to Lostville.' One result was that the young Bob Dylan read it and invited me to his first concert at Town Hall; the result was a kind of friendship that years later led to my liner notes for 'Blood on the Tracks.'
Siobhan Davis, Saven Deliverance|If there’s one thing I’ve learned, buddy, it’s that love is messy and complicated. If it’s too easy, then it isn’t the real deal. It can’t be, because passion doesn’t follow the path of least resistance. It’s this fiery, out-of-control entity that sucks you in and spits you out more hurt and more alive than ever before.
Rick Riordan, The Maze of Bones|Amy, Dan, and Nellie were sitting at a table in a conference room, examining reproductions of Franklin documents-some so rare, the librarians told her, the only copies existed in Paris. "Yeah, here's a rare grocery list," Dan muttered. "Wow.
Lionel Suggs|We make sense of the world intentionally. Faced with chaos, we seek or make the familiar, and build up the world with it. Babies do it, we all do it; we filter out most of what our senses report.
Louis Sachar, Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger|School never teaches you about this mangled human slime, it slays me. You spend all your time learning the capital of Surinam while these retards carve their initials in your back.
Arun Gandhi, Legacy of Love: My Education in the Path of Nonviolence|The trait [Morey] looked for was awareness that they were seeking answers to questions with no certain answers--that they were inherently fallible. "I always ask them, 'Who did you miss?'" he said. Which future superstar had they written off, or which future bust had they fallen in love with? "If they don't give me a good one, I'm like, 'Fuck 'em.
Danica McKellar|It took me a long time to figure out how to act, and how to conduct myself in the business so I could get what I felt I needed to support my potential and give them what they wanted.
Gail Hayes|105If you don't know who you are, you will never know what belongs to you!
J.A. Belfield, Darkness & Light|Conversation between Jem and Ethan on Sean:'"... Has it never occurred to you that maybe your brother brings out the worst in people?""Or the best," he said, "depending on which way you look at it.""You're as bad as he is.""Actually, I'm much worse.
Jewel, Never Broken: Songs Are Only Half the Story|I watched love and life play out in a million ways, but one of the best things I learned was this: You don't outrun pain.
Laurie Perez, The Look of Amie Martine|Self-discovery changes everything, including your relationships with people. When you find your authentic self, those who loved your mask are disappointed. you may end up alone, but you don’t need to stay alone. While it’s painful to sever old connections, it’s not a tragedy. it’s an opportunity. Now, you can find people who understand the importance of looking for truth and being authentic. Now you can find people who want to connect deeply, like you’ve always wanted to, instead of constant small talk and head games. Now you can have real intimacy. Now, you can find your tribe.
Paulo Coelho, Like the Flowing River|Sometimes, we are so attached to our way of life that we turn down wonderful opportunities simply because we don't know what to do with it.
Peter A. Levine|One of the paradoxical and transformative aspects of implicit traumatic memory is that once it is accessed in a resourced way (through the felt sense), it, by its very nature, changes. Out of the shattered fragments of her deeply injured psyche, Jody discovered and nurtured a nascent, emergent self. From the ashes of the frantically activated, hypervigilant, frozen, traumatized girl of twenty-five years ago, Jody began to reorient to a new, less threatening world. Gradually she shaped into a more fluid, resilient, woman, coming to terms with the felt capacity to fiercely defend herself when necessary, and to surrender in quiet ecstasy.
Bear Grylls|My first memories of religion were being taken to Episcopal church. My father was Catholic, but my mother, I believe, was Episcopal. So I sort of veered off into the watered-down version of Catholicism.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|The difference between an achiever and a loser is,An achiever never gives up, never settles and lastly never forgets.
Anthony T. Hincks|...and without love, one is a dead man on furlough, nothing but a scrap of paper with a few dates and a chance name on it, and we as well die.
21 Things I’ve Learned In 21 Months of Recovery From Self Harm (via thefemmeinist)|You deserve this. Even when you feel like you don’t. You do. You deserve to have a healthy, loving, grace-filled relationship with yourself. You deserve to stop hurting in secret and in shame. You deserve to fully experience life. You deserve to be heard and helped. You deserve everything the negative voices have told you you don’t.
Vernor Vinge, A Deepness in the Sky|Like the original concept, the stormrider had rectangular blades, sixteen of them radiating out from the hub, each one a flat lattice of struts twenty-five kilometers long, made from the toughest steelsilicon fibers the Commonwealth knew how to manufacture. Twenty-three kilometers of them were covered by an ultra-thin silvered foil, giving a total surface area of over one thousand eight hundred square kilometers for the solar wind to impact on. Even in an ordinary solar system environment that would have produced a considerable torque. In the Half Way system the stormrider was positioned at the Lagrange point between the red star and its neutron companion, right in the middle of the plasma current, where the ion density was orders of magnitude thicker than any normal solar wind. The power the stormrider produced when it was in the thick of the flow was enough to operate the wormhole generator. But it couldn’t simply sit at the Lagrange point producing electricity continuously; that would have been too much like perpetual motion. As the waves of plasma pushed against it, they exerted an unremitting pressure on the blades that blew the stormrider away from the Lagrange point out toward the neutron star. So for five hours the two sets of blades would turn in opposite directions, generating electricity for the Port Evergreen wormhole that was delivered via a zero-width wormhole. The stormrider also stored some of the power, so that at the end of the five hours when it was out of alignment, it had enough of a reserve to fire its onboard thrusters, moving itself even farther out of the main plasma stream where the pressure was reduced. From there it chased a simple fifteen-hour loop back around through open space to the Lagrange point, where the cycle would begin again.
Margherita Hack|I believe that all people allow the act of victimization to take lead in their lives without realizing or trying to stop it. You hear of another person's problems, automatically feel the need to salve their pain, so you make it your own. After a while, it no longer matters if the problem was yours to begin with. You absorb their pain into your body, your blood stream, your soul. It becomes yours.
Alisa Valdes, The Dirty Girls Social Club|It's important to be smart, but it's also important to be active with your intelligence. The more you sit around over-thinking things, the more trouble you get into.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can read, write and think, you have liberated yourself from any darkness into the wonderful light.
Elizabeth Hawes, Fashion is Spinach|You've got pretty good taste." She pulled out a suit, looked at it, put it back, pulled out another. "I can remember, you always wore good suits, good-looking suits, even before you were rich.""I like suits," he said. "They feel good. I like Italian suits, actually. I've had a couple of British suits, and they were okay, but they felt ... constructed. Like I was wearing a building. But the Italians - they know how to make a suit.""Ever try French suits?""Yeah, three or four times. They're okay, but a little ... sharp-looking. They made me feel like a watch salesman.""How about American suits?""Efficient," he said. "Do the job; don't feel like much. You always wear an American suit if you don't want people to notice you.
Deyth Banger|All people should learn to say as well and "No" as an answer not only "Yes". One moment you will fill your whole life with the stuff which you are accepted.
Margarita Engle, The Firefly Letters|Without even trying to be a teacher, Fredrika is teaching us,Showing us how to see things in new waysInstead of always thinkingThe same old thoughtsThat have been passed along by strangersDay after day, year after yearWithout any spirit of amazementOr wonder,
Stephen Fry, The Library Book|Great writers, I discovered, were not to be bowed down before and worshipped, but embraced and befriended. Their names resounded through history not because they had massive brows and thought deep incomprehensible thoughts, but because they opened windows in the mind, they put their arms round you and showed you things you always knew but never dared to believe. Even if their names were terrifyingly foreign and intellectual sounding, Dostoevsky, Baudelaire or Cavafy, they turned out to be charming and wonderful and quite unalarming after all.
James Comey|I was perfectly content before I was born, and I think of death as the same state. What I am grateful for is the gift of intelligence, and for life, love, wonder, and laughter. You can't say it wasn't interesting. My lifetime's memories are what I have brought home from the trip.
Joel Kramer, The Passionate Mind Revisited: Expanding Personal and Social Awareness|The desire to be desire-less is but another desire. The thought that, because this desire purports to be spiritual, it is superior to more mundane desires shows how skilled the mind is at justifying any desire it is attached to.
Robert Higgs|This, I think, is the crux of evil in this world, Majesty: those who feel entitled to whatever they want, whatever they can grab. Such people never ask themselves if they have the right. They consider no cost to anyone but themselves.
Barbara Demick, Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea|Dr. Kim couldn't remember the last time she'd seen a bowl of pure white rice. What was a bowl of rice doing there, just sitting out on the ground? She figured it out just before she heard the dog's bark.Up until that moment, a part of her had hoped that China would be just as poor as North Korea. She still wanted to believe that her country was the best place in the world. The beliefs she had cherished for a lifetime would be vindicated. But now she couldn't deny what was staring her plainly in the face: dogs in China ate better than doctors in North Korea.
Lois McMaster Bujold, A Civil Campaign|That night I looked up at those same stars, but I didn't want any of those things. I didn't want Egypt, or France, or far-flung destinations. I just wanted to go back to my life from my childhood, just to visit it, and touch it, and to convince myself that yes, it had been real.
Mark F. LaMoure|Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Believe in yourself, you can do great things!
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|I saw you, and I wanted to be close to you. I wanted you to let me in. I wanted to know you in a way no one else did. I wanted you, all of you. That wanting nearly drove me mad. And now that I have you, the only thing that terrifies me is having to go back to that place. Having to want you all over again, with no hope of my desire ever being fulfilled.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|When we accept our own wild beauty, it is put into perspective, and we are no longer poignantly aware of it anymore, but neither would we forsake it or disclaim it either. Does a wolf know how beautiful she is when she sleeps? Does a feline know what beautiful shapes she makes when she sits? Is a bird awed by the sound it hears when it snaps open its wings? Learning from them, we just act in our own true way and do not draw back from or hide our natural beauty. Like the creatures, we just are, and it is right.
Shayna Varadeaux, True Fate|He would lay here holding her as long as it took and he didn't really care how long that might be. She was his world now, his priority, the rest of his life could wait as far as he was concerned. As long as he knew she was safe, it would all be okay.
Jason Carter Eaton, The Facttracker|So let's just forget about the whole thing and agree never to speak of it again. And I promise I'll never lie to you again.Ah, but surely you must be saying, "Hey! Isn't this entire story a work of fiction and therefore one big lie?"Perhaps. But we already agreed never to speak of it again.
Richard Rogers|Splendid architecture, the love of your life, an old friend... they can all go drifting by unseen if you're not careful.
Laarni Venus Marie|Most hate is more common and more complicated, with as many varieties as there are varieties of love. Just as there is possessive love and needy love; family love and friendship; romantic love and unrequited love; passion and respect, affection and obsession, so hatred has its shadings. There is hate that fears, and hate that merely feels contempt; there is hate that expresses power, and hate that comes from powerlessness; there is revenge, and there is hate that comes from envy. There is hate that was love, and hate that is a curious expression of love. There is hate of the other, and hate of something that reminds us too much of ourselves. There is the oppressor's hate, and the victim's hate. There is hate that burns slowly, and hate that fades. And there is hate that explodes, and hate that never catches fire.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|You live it forward, but understand it backward.
|If they don't believe in you or your dreams, then their opinions of you are highly unimportant.
Peter Singer, The Life You Can Save: Acting Now to End World Poverty|A majority of people in these surveys also said that America gives too much aid--but when they were asked how much America should give, the median answers ranged from 5 percent to 10 percent of government spending. In other words, people wanted foreign aid 'cut' to an amount five to ten times greater than the United States actually gives!
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|There I was, casually wishing that I could stop existing in the same way you'd want to leave an empty room or mute an unbearably repetitive noise.
Dave Barry|Perhaps you are thinking: 'But a tank costs several million dollars, not including floor mats. I don't have that kind of money.'Don't be silly. You're a consumer, right? You have credit cards, right?Perhaps you are thinking: 'Yes, but how am I going to pay the credit-card company?'Don't be silly. You have a tank, right?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We each act as the creator of the self, and therefore, we strive to attain self-realization by understanding what we were in various stages of life including what we began as and what we transmuted into becoming.
Dada Bhagwan|What is considered [True] Knowledge? There should be solution from all sides, there should be no contradiction. It is a non-contradicting principle when a spoken sentence will be the same even after fifty years; there will be no contradictions.
Silas Sparkhammer|For me, religion is like a rhinoceros: I don't have one, and I'd really prefer not to be trampled by yours.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Other young women were more than kind when it came to teaching him the basics of makeup artistry, but he did not like the idea of foundation, knowing enough alchemy to realize it had historically been made with lead and mercury.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 2|To unlock the writer's block is to keep writing until you can unknot the "not". If you cannot, then put a can in the plot and unwrap it a lot!
Mark O'Connell, Epic Fail: Bad Art, Viral Fame, and the History of the Worst Thing Ever|This could seem counterintuitive for many dictators running communist or socialist single-party states, but a thriving private tech industry can contribute invaluable tools to help you implement a controllable internet. The reason is fairly simple: the technologies that transform internet applications into more personalized, efficient and enjoyable experiences are usually the same ones that increase the capacity to monitor its users.
Erica Dakin, The Ritual|My body is my own," I said. "I may choose to share it with someone, but it's not for sale or for hire, nor is it a reward. I'd rather starve to death than use it as such.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|It's sort of nice in more general terms to see that computational science, computational biology is being recognized. It's become a very large field, and it's always in some ways been the poor sister, or the ugly sister, to experimental biology.
Alan Carr, Look Who It Is!: My Story|Dad instantly set out his stall:he wanted a big dog, a 'man dog',a dog that if it was human would enjoy a pint and stare at the barmaid's arse
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|To start with, the overwhelming majority of serial killers are male,’ Hunter explained. ‘Female serial killers have a tendency to kill for monetary profit. While that can also be true their male counterparts, it’s very unlikely. Sexual reasons top the list for male serial killers. Case studies have also shown that female killers generally kill people close to them, such as husbands, family members, or people dependent on them. Males kill strangers more often. Female serial killers also tend to kill more quietly, with poison or other less violent methods, like suffocation. Male serial killers, on the other hand, show a greater tendency to include torture or mutilation as part of the process of killing. When women are implicated in sadistic homicides, they’ve usually acted in partnership with a man.
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|He pointed past her shoulder. "We're surrounded by neighbors. Though once I have you inside, the walls are thick. You'll have to scream really loud for anyone to hear.
Joyce Meyer|There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever.
Caroline George, The Vestige|If a boy can manage to have coffee with me during the apocalypse, I know he cares. There’s not a speck of doubt in my mind. He must care.
Morana Blue, Gatsby's Smile|Then headed for the kitchen.Fuck.I headed through the lounge……just as two indistinct pitch-black masses, Kevlar laden, shotguns raised, crept ninja-like through the front door. This time, I didn't even get a bellowed warning. The lead ninja, upon seeing me, sprang forward… and crushed me face flat to the floor.That hurt.It was five long hard seconds before he eased up an iota so I could take a breath,"Hello again, Dennis. Busy night?" I managed from somewhere under his arm or knee or gun-butt. "Bean-bags or bullets?""Bullets," said Harry. "Easy up, lads. He's scarpered…" Dennis got off of me, locked his shotgun and helped me up,"Sorry," he said."No worries…
Andrew Peterson, The Monster in the Hollows|He means to make his subjects merciful and wise; sorrow and struggle bringeth both. We will, he tells me, grow by grieving, live by dying, love by losing. The heart itself is the field of battle and the garden green.
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|Understand when you listen to your intuition and commit to a life path that is unique to your desires, you’re likely choosing the path less traveled. This means there are going to be substantial obstacles in your way at times, and sometimes it may seem almost impossible to continue.Some things will happen outside of your control. But if you learn to roll with it, rather than against it, you will produce the best possible results. It is not always what happens to you, but how you respond to what happens to you that matters most.
Jeffrey Archer, A Prisoner of Birth|I never advise friends to put money in anything,. said Danny. 'It's a no-win situation - if they make a profit they forget that it was you who recommended it, and if they make a loss they never stop reminding you. My only advise would be not to gamble what you can't afford, and never to risk an amount that might cause you to lose a night's sleep
Signe Pike, Faery Tale: One Woman's Search for Enchantment in a Modern World|In prehistoric times, early man was bowled over by natural events: rain, thunder, lightning, the violent shaking and moving of the ground, mountains spewing deathly hot lava, the glow of the moon, the burning heat of the sun, the twinkling of the stars. Our human brain searched for an answer, and the conclusion was that it all must be caused by something greater than ourselves - this, of course, sprouted the earliest seeds of religion. This theory is certainly reflected in faery lore. In the beautiful sloping hills of Connemara in Ireland, for example, faeries were believed to have been just as beautiful, peaceful, and pleasant as the world around them. But in the Scottish Highlands, with their dark, brooding mountains and eerie highland lakes, villagers warned of deadly water-kelpies and spirit characters that packed a bit more punch.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|I have never had any difficulty falling asleep. No matter what problems I have. However terrible things are, I can sleep. It's like killing yourself and taking the easy way out. It's waking up that I dread. Every morning, I go through the five stages of death. I wake up in denial that I have to go to work. Then I get angry. Then I bargain with God, or myself, and try to call in sick. Then I feel guilty and go into remission, until finally I accept that the day will suck and I get up.
Ray Bradbury|Your intuition knows what to write, so get out of the way.
Nadège Richards, Deceiving Destiny|I'm sorry, I say. I didn't give you everything you wanted. I wasn't everything you wanted. You were everything I wanted.
Christine Pohl|Thousands of years before Christianity, secret cults arose which worshipped the sacred mushroom—the Amanita Muscaria—which, for various reasons (including its shape and power as a drug) came to be regarded as a symbol of God on earth.When the secrets of the cult had to be written down, it was done in the form of codes hidden in folk tales.This is the basic origin of the stories in the New Testament. They are a literary device to spread the rites and rules of mushroom worship to the faithful.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|A dream is the frame or portrait or a construction or focus of one's vision by means of perception, based on what he or she knows and settles within via strategic thinking.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Walter Mignolo terms and articulates _critical cosmopolitanism, juxtaposing it with globalization, which is a process of "the homogeneity of the planet from above––economically, politically and culturally." Although _globalization from below_ is to counter _globalization from above_ from the experience and perspective of those who suffer from the consequences of _globalization from above_, cosmopolitanism differs, according to Mignolo, form these two types of globalization. Mignolo defines globalization as 'a set of designs to manage the world,' and cosmopolitanism as 'a set of projects toward planetary conviviality
Deyth Banger|Friends??The people which are hypocrites and the people which you rought and hard you deal with them,
Jess Walter, The Financial Lives of the Poets|But it's not easy, realising how we fucked it all up. And that turns out to be the hardest thing to live with, not the regret or the fear, but the realisation that the edge is so close to where we live.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Teachings on Love|Through my love for you, I want to express my love for the whole cosmos, the whole of humanity, and all beings. By living with you, I want to learn to love everyone and all species. If I succeed in loving you, I will be able to love everyone and all species on Earth... This is the real message of love.
Auliq Ice|She didn't see it because when it came to love, she saw what she wanted to see.
Alex Stein, Weird Emptiness: Essays and Aphorisms|In the end, no one can seek God unless he has already begun to find him.
Bonnie Friedman, Writing Past Dark: Envy, Fear, Distraction and Other Dilemmas in the Writer's Life|...a deadline should not prevent you from writing, but writing will help prevent you from missing your deadline. Then write a word. Then remind yourself of that again. And then write another and hey, look at you! You’re spitting in that deadline’s eye.
H.P. Lovecraft|All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.
Tanmaya Guru|Money! If you do not have, then you listen to me, I'm saying something.
|If you decide to focus on one thing at a time, instead of trying to solve everything at once, and just do that one thing, then you will feel a sudden decrease in stress.
Tracy Weber, Murder Strikes a Pose|Ideologies, like dogs, remain just outside the hermits door.
Hanadi Falki, The Price of Our Silence|The best insurance that a girl can be given is a proper education and a steady career. That way she can assure a bright future for her family herself, instead of depending on her future groom to give her a comfortable life.
Jay Woodman|I constantly yearn to celebrate life & its infinite manifestations, to examine the details of everything including the human heart & mind.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|And the danger is that in this move toward new horizons and far directions, that I may lose what I have now, and not find anything except loneliness.
Holly Black, Red Glove|Oh- and grab the plastic bag over by my suitcase."I slug down the last of the coffee and get up. The bag contains panty hose. I put them on her desk."They're for you.""You want me to look homeless, desperate, but also kind of fabulous?
Helen Maryles Shankman, In the Land of Armadillos: Stories|There are no shortcuts to moral insight. Nature is not intrinsically anything that can offer comfort or solace in human terms -- if only because our species is such an insignificant latecomer in a world not constructed for us. So much the better. The answers to moral dilemmas are not lying out there, waiting to be discovered. They reside, like the kingdom of God, within us -- the most difficult and inaccessible spot for any discovery or consensus.
Carrie Arcos, Out of Reach|Words stick, even when we don't want them to.
Kady Cross, The Strange Case of Finley Jayne|What is more dramatic, even romantic, than the tumbled towers of lower Manhattan, rising suddenly to the clouds like a magic castle girdled by water? Its very touch of jumbled jaggedness, its towering-sided canyons, are its magnificence.
Toni Aleo, Taking Shots|I was trying to get over you! And it didn’t work. I was meant to walk on this earth with only you, I was meant to give only you every piece of me. I don’t want anyone but you. I love you.
Justine Larbalestier|I can critique the bad; I can take the good, and I can add whatever I want.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, make today count and but don't let the day count you.
Geoff Johns|The truth is, I've never fooled anyone. I've let men sometimes fool themselves.
Jay Hosler, Last of the Sandwalkers|Laura smiled a little wanly in the twilight. "Far more afraid of flesh and blood than ghosts," she murmured.
Jazz Feylynn|It is difficult to make a reputation, but is even more difficult seriously to mar a reputation once properly made --- so faithful is the public.
Joe Frazier|Somerset desperately needs more high-end music making on its doorstep, so the chance to share great music spanning genres as diverse as orchestral classics, trip hop and jazz, in the utterly relaxed and cathartic environment of a Somerset field, is for me the fulfilment of a long-term dream.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Always look at the message, not the messenger!”The Little People, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Epictetus, Discourses and Selected Writings|Freedom is not archived by satisfying desire, but by eliminating it.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|Even the air seems to have a smell - earthy and rich and complicated, made out of things living nd things dying and things long dead. The smell of the world where nothing stops moving, nothing stays the same.
Thomas Piketty, Capital in the Twenty-First Century|In boom times companies have high profits. They increase production to satisfy demand for goods. This leads to excess supply. Companies cut prices to compete for customers. leading to lower profits, lay-offs, and economic depression. Eventually lower prices lead to an increase in demand and profits go back up. The economy is a yo-yo.
Joseph Stalin|Be true to yourself, stay focused and stay you, take advice from other folks, use what you can, but never mind what is not for you. For the most part, trust yourself and believe in what you are doing.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|The West's post-Holocaust pledge that genocide would never again be tolerated proved to be hollow, and for all the fine sentiments inspired by the memory of Auschwitz, the problem remains that denouncing evil is a far cry from doing good.
John Reed|The less government interferes with private pursuits, the better for general prosperity.
Jenny Lundquist, The Charming Life of Izzy Malone|Words are a weapon, and rotten kids like Tyler Jones get a free pass when it comes to using them because the marks they leave are invisible. Why don't more adults realize that?
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I wanted to see the place where Margaret grew to what she is, even at the worst time of all, when I had no hope of ever calling her mine.
Kelly Moran, Return to Me|God gives you two ears ; two eyes; two nostrils, but one Mouth, so you can speak less!
Katherine McIntyre, By the Sea|Avalon is full of desperate people.’ She bites at her lower lip this time, fumbling her hands, knitting her fingers into the bundle of plastic coin bags in her grasp. ‘Are you implying that I’m desperate?’ I say, one eyebrow tilting.‘You don’t need to be desperate… you can have anyone... I…’ she trails off. Looking up and trying to search the line of shops for the bank. I repulse her, I make her want to run. Why is this so hard? I need to get inside of her, I need to know what she is thinking, what she is wanting.It surely isn’t me she wants. Not to the extent that I… want her.‘You?’ I entice her to finish her sentence but she doesn’t, she stares off into the bustling crowds, memory flashing her eyes with a darkness.‘Madi wouldn’t fumble like this.’Oh, she would fumble, but not in the way you are, Elli.‘You’re not her, Elli.’ I entice her again, trying to force the dark memory, the sadness from her.‘No, if I was, you wouldn’t have wanted anyone else.’A breath hitches in her throat, she puts a hand over her mouth and says something else, her cheeks dance a shade of red that brightens and brightens until she apologises and quickens her pace. I chuckle, pulling at her arm and encircling one around her waist, pulling her back to me. Beneath my touch, her body trembles. When I raise my hand, my palm touching her cheek, I am sure she isn’t breathing.‘I don’t want anyone, Elli.’ My eyes burn, consuming her with my gaze. She is like a frightful deer, struggling beneath me with a gaze that cannot quite meet mine. When she does, it is only for a brief second before falling down and all I see is the gentle flutter of her raven flashes.‘I told you. I want someone I cannot have.’‘That is a really harsh way of telling someone you’re not interested.
Debasish Mridha|If you see only problems, then the doors of opportunities will close. If you see only opportunities, then problems will fly away.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Positivity is good, but positivity that is rooted in God is power
B. B. King|Do it no matter what. If you believe in it, it is something very honorable. If somebody around you or your family does not understand it, then that's their problem. But if you do have a passion, an honest passion, just do it.
Lois Charles|Oh, readers. If only you knew what we've gone through for you.
Red Tash, Troll Or Derby|So confusing. It was some kind of magic, I knew that for sure, but I didn't understand the subtleties of it all. You'd have thought all those years of HBO and shit would have prepared me better.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|O my soul, is not this enough? Dost thou need more strength than the omnipotence of the United Trinity? Dost thou want more wisdom than exists in the Father, more love than displays itself in the Son, or more power than is manifest in the influences of the Spirit?
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|... the powerful changes that happen in the life of a disciple never come from the disciple working hard at doing anything. They come from arriving at a place where Jesus is everything, and we are simply overwhelmed with the gift. Sometimes it seems as if God loves us too much. His love goes far beyond our ability to stop being moral, religious, obedient, and victorious, and we just collapse in his arms.Out of the gospel that Jesus is the only Mediator between God and humanity comes a Christian life that looks like Jesus, a life Jesus would recognize. It's a life that looks like Jesus, because Jesus does everything, and all we do is accept his gift. And to accept his gift, we have to give up trying to be Jesus.Out of that discovery comes a Christian life that is free from the tyranny of unnecessary adjectives - even my preferred modified, Jesus-shaped - and simply follows after the One who loves us beyond words or repayment.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is conflict, there is no God.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|6 criteria to upgrade literary production; Correct language, the power of the idea, the fluency in expressing, the connection between ideas and the depth of their meanings, the characters movements towards high convictions whether in the beginning or in the middle, and the ending must serves ideals and values and accomplishes victory to the human beings.
Michael Card, The Walk: The Life-changing Journey of Two Friends|Behind every specific call, whether it is to teach or preach or write or encourage or comfort, there is a deeper call that gives shape to the first: the call to give ourselves away - the call to die.
D.R. Silva|If people think honoring pastors means doing everything they say, why don't they honor Jesus the same way?
Elias James Corey|As our technology evolves, we will have the capacity to reach new, ever-increasing depths. The question is what kind of technology, in the end, do we want to deploy in the far reaches of the ocean? Tools of science, ecology and documentation, or the destructive tools of heavy industry?
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|The day that I left my home, I had prayed that my children would forget me. I wanted to spare them the pain of remembering. But that night, as I crouched in the white mist, waiting, I knew more than anything that I wanted them to remember, I wanted desperately to go on living in someone's memory. If we are not remembered, we are more than dead, for it is as if we had never lived.
Deborra-Lee Furness|The farther we peer into space, the more we realize that the nature of the universe cannot be understood fully by inspecting spiral galaxies or watching distant supernovas. It lies deeper. It involves our very selves.
Melanie Dickerson, A Spy's Devotion|I had fallen in love, even if she was still finding her way.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You shall not go down twice to the same river, nor can you go home again. That he knew; indeed it was the basis of his view of the world. Yet from that acceptance of transience he evolved his vast theory, wherein what is most changeable is shown to be fullest of eternity, and your relationship to the river, and the river's relationship to you and to itself, turns out to be at once more complex and more reassuring than a mere lack of identity. You can go home again, the General Temporal Theory asserts, so long as you understand that home is a place where you have never been.
Julius Veal|I had this dream about you last night. We were still married. I was giving you a haircut, like I always did, being careful to trim around the scar on the back of your head. I’m sorry I sometimes forgot it and left you with a bald spot. And, I’m sorry we didn’t work out. But you look pretty happy on Instagram.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|A hand in her hair, wrenching back her head. "What's my name?"She scratched trails down his back. He didn't even wince. "My name, kitty. Say my name.""Mr. Mud Stick, Muddie for short," she said, even as she rubbed herself against the hard thrust of his denim-covered erection, the roughness of the fabric an exquisite sensation. She would've liked naked skin even more, but he wasn't budging."Say it, or no cock for you today."Her mouth fell open. "Fuck you.""You'll be doing that shortly.
Sunday Adelaja|As a collaborative leader, you support people in their work—you remove roadblocks and help them win.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|But she just couldn’t stop checking her phone; she wantedto stop, tried to stop, but the pull would not let her go. It wasa strange experience for her to be doing the obsessive phone-checkingthing. Vanessa talked about it, and she had heard storiesabout it from other friends. One date with a guy and suddenlythe phone becomes like an appendage endowed with some superpower to predict your future.
Elaine  White, Runaway Girl|He had placed the life of every one of his men before his own, and if that wasn’t the sign of a truly great leader, then he didn’t know what was.
Michelle Muriel, Essie's Roses|When you tell your dreams you gotta tell people you trust, 'cause sometimes they’ll snatch your dream right away from you.
Kenya Wright, 420|I’d been just like her, a youngster with something to say, a rebel through street art, leaving my mark on public buildings, to taunt the government and humor the public
Paula Stokes, The Key to Everything|I get it. Traveling halfway across the world to run into the boy you grew up with, getting back together after years apart—that’s an epic fucking fairytale. I don’t blame you for being seduced by it. I guess I just thought what we had was better. You know, because it was real.
T. S. Eliot|I don't want any title. I just say what I say, and hopefully somebody gets it, man. I'm not perfect, and I'm just here and trying to make a dollar, and being real at the same time, you know?
David Blunkett|I read somewhere that abs are made in the kitchen, and I'd like to agree. I like to think that I try to eat pretty clean, pretty good food.
Sue Townsend|We approach people the same way we approach our cars. We take the poor kid to a doctor and ask, What's wrong with him, how much will it cost, and when can I pick him up?
George Friedman, The Next 100 Years: A Forecast for the 21st Century|The computer focuses ruthlessly on things that can be represented in numbers. In so doing, it seduces people into thinking that other aspects of knowledge are either unreal or unimportant. The computer treats reason as an instrument for achieving things, not for contemplating things. It narrows dramatically what we know and intended by reason.
Peter James West|A 15-minute gap in your day is plenty of time to write and read, but not if you check your email first.
William Wycherley|If everyone were a good person, it'd obviously be a better world.
Confucius|We should keep the dead before our eyes, and honor them as though still living
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I repeated: come with me, as if I were dying,and no one saw in my mouth the moon that was bleeding,no one saw the blood that was rising into the silence.Oh love, now let us forget the star with thorns!
Craig Ferguson|Sometimes people think you’re smart if you question the status quo, if nothing else.
Arthur Erickson|I'm representative of 21st century Irish design, so I promote Irishness all over the world wherever I go.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When great men die in the race of life, they continue to live because the world can still benefit from their products.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to maximize time, you want to make sure that every second of the day that comes is converted into some products. You want to ensure that every minute and hour of the day that passes are being converted into some values. For you to be great, you must learn to convert every second of your life.
Christopher Moore, Coyote Blue|Hope is bulletproof, truth just hard to hit
Adam|The destroyer of weeds, thistles, and thorns is a benefactor whether he soweth grain or not.
John Muir, John of the Mountains: The Unpublished Journals of John Muir|I only went out for a walk and finally concluded to stay out till sundown, for going out, I found, was really going in.
Stephen Richards, It's Criminal: The True Confessions of a Jet Set Master Criminal|We already knew how much there was; it was splashed all over the evening papers in large, glaring headlines: ‘Bank robbers grab £67,500!’ ‘Biggest bank robbery ever!’ ‘Daring bandits escape with huge sum!’ Take your pick; it all made lurid reading. According to the press the police were closing in on the raiders and their arrest was imminent. I got up and put the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign on the door - that should stop them!
Emily Trunko, Dear My|For the broken hearts,I promise it gets better.I promise that the minutes and hours will go by faster and that the ache in your chest will stop.I promise that the day you can forgive and realize that you don't have to feel this way will come.I promise you that right now, no matter what age you are, it will hurt. But pain is temporary.I promise that months or even years from now you'll look back and realize how silly you're acting. Although it doesn't feel silly.I promise that your relationship with them may or may not bloom into at least a friendship.I promise it'll stop hurting. Give it time, give yourself time to be an individual again. Find the confidence to do things on your own. Reconnect with the friends you pushed away. Form a better self. Be selfish. Stop thinking about their opinion.xoxoxo, M
Isaac Asimov, The Naked Sun|In the ghetto of Genre, anything goes, man. When you live in the gutter it doesn’t matter if you’re filthy. In theory anyway.
The Sound of Serendipity   –   Cynthia A. Rodriguez|The city has a way of reminding you how insignificant you are,
Oprah Winfrey|My country owes me nothing. It gave me, as it gives every boy and girl, a chance. It gave me schooling, independence of action, opportunity for service and honor.
Steven Magee|At the age of 46 I was starting to see the appearance of rainbow halos and starbursts around bright nighttime lights, problems reading small print, focusing issues with my eyes, and image recognition issues. I had been exposed to bright high powered 20 watt scattered sodium LASER light a decade earlier in very high altitude astronomy.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|(about William Blake)As for Blake's happiness--a man who knew him said: "If asked whether I ever knew among the intellectual, a happy man, Blake would be the only one who would immediately occur to me."And yet this creative power in Blake did not come from ambition. ...He burned most of his own work. Because he said, "I should be sorry if I had any earthly fame, for whatever natural glory a man has is so much detracted from his spiritual glory. I wish to do nothing for profit. I wish to live for art. I want nothing whatever. I am quite happy."...He did not mind death in the least. He said that to him it was just like going into another room. On the day of his death he composed songs to his Maker and sang them for his wife to hear. Just before he died his countenance became fair, his eyes brightened and he burst into singing of the things he saw in heaven. 
Debasish Mridha|I love everyone and everything. I belong to everyone and everything. I am a citizen of this world. I created my own universe. I don’t want to belong to an ideology or belief system. I don’t want to be imprisoned by someone else’s conforming thoughts. I only accept that which is beautiful, loving, and kind. I want to belong to this universe until I am gone. We are one; we are kin. So my religion is love and kindness is my prayer. Altruism is my path. Peace is my palace where I dwell with humility and happiness.
Brian P. Cleary, You Oughta Know By Now|A slavish concern for the composition of words is the sign of a bankrupt intellect. Be gone, odious wasp! You smell of decayed syllables.
Kate Nash|Until I met you," she said, "I never realized how precious each day could be. When I was working, each day was over before I knew it, and then a week just flew by, and then a whole year...What have I been doing all this time? Why didn't I meet you before? If I had to choose a whole year in the past, or a day with you-I'd choose a day with you...
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|I am not red or blue. I am red, white and blue. Those are the same colors in my body (my heart, blood and veins). I am only human, and the human race is the only race in which I am an active participant - mind, body and soul.
Kantor|This pursuit of unavailable distant people has oedipal roots.… fearing the consequences, they make certain that they fail at the attempt.”―Distancing, Kantor (p.115)
Steven Redhead, The Solution|It's an amazing experience when you focus on the positive things in your life. Things start to change. You become happier. You see things differently. There might still be negative things there, but like an airplane flying overhead, they become the background noise of your mind.
John Gardner, On Becoming a Novelist|Theoretically there's no reason one should get [writer's block], if one understands that writing, after all, is only writing, neither something one ought to feel deeply guilty about nor something one ought to be inordinately proud of.
Brian Tracy|You have within you,right now,everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.
Danielle Younge-Ullman, Everything Beautiful Is Not Ruined|There are parents who use their small children as weapons. They are weak people. Sick people. And their children are watching them, watching how Mom and Dad use them as weapons.
Sunday Adelaja|God’s eyes are always on you, you are precious in His sight
Kaylin McFarren, Flaherty's Crossing|When you really let people see you, Amelia–all of you, not just the snow-obsessed reporter–it’s impossible to look away.
George R.R. Martin, The Armageddon Rag|Misery loves company, as someone unbearably trite said once.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Sometimes destiny switches the cards on you so that while you're busy escaping from the dog, you find yourself facing the wolf
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|...when I look at my arms, I don't think revolutionary. I think sad, and pain, but not revolutionary.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Like every other house-renting, paycheck-to-paycheck, heel dragging working American, it wouldn't matter if I stepped in it by accident or was pushed, or simply whiffed it as I walked by. With the powers in play, guilt or innocence had nothing to do with anything.
Robin Talley, Lies We Tell Ourselves|The lipstick is a dark, dark red. The kind Hollywood stars wear. Not a shade good girls in Davisburg wear to the movies. I try it on anyway and gaze at my reflection in the mirror.I don't look sick. I certainly don't look like that kind of girl.What does that kind of girl look like, anyway?
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|There are people who can never go to Fantastica," said Mr. Coreander, "and others who can, but who stay there forever. And there are just a few who fo to fantastica and come back. Like you. And they make both world well again.
Donna Lynn Hope|The end never comes when you think it will. It’s always ten steps past the worst moment, then a weird turn to the left.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|I want her to melt into me, like butter on toast. I want to absorb her and walk around for the rest of my days with her encased in my skin.I want.
Cesare Beccaria|Art is the right hand of Nature. The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men.
Stephanie Lahart|Ambitions are like assholes, and they smell like flowers to the owner. I must be delusional. Give it up.
Trent Reznor|Evolution doesn't care whether you believe in it or not, no more than gravity does. I want to rekindle excitement over what we've achieved as a species with the space program. We can't afford to regress back to the days of superstition.
Criss Jami, Healology|Always seek justice, but love only mercy. To love justice and hate mercy is but a doorway to more injustice.
Luther Burbank|Till o'er the wreck, emerging from the storm, Immortal Nature lifts her changeful form: Mounts from her funeral pyre on wings of flame, And soars and shines, another and the same.
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|This has to be the most self-centered thing I've ever said, but no, I think you just wanted to vex me.
Pam Godwin, Dark Notes|Don't even think about it." Søren said as Kingsley pulled his coat and gloves off."I'm always thinking about it." Kingsley said. "I brought the lube.""Kingsley, it's not even five in the morning yet.""You beat me this early before.""I was attempting to wake you up.""With your alarm cock?
Andrew Barrett, The Third Rule - The Complete Story|There are, fortunately, very few people who can say that they have actually attended a murder.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|We can only trust God to change hearts and lives, and let Him use us to stand up for Him, and to love the hurting.
Wendy Kopp|Effective teacher support in my mind is the same thing as effective management. Our teachers need strong management, just like anyone in any profession.
Samuel Nazer Walsh|Live Loud, Love Loud, Laugh Loud, Play Loud, Cry Loud – Isn’t that what life’s about!
Dana Marton, Deathwish|A dangerous glint came into his eyes. "Gabi, if I ever show up in your bedroom in the middle of the nigh, believe me, it won't be to give you a morality lesson."	She felt the promise of that through her body down to her toes. But she said, "If anyone showed up in my bedroom in the middle of the night, I'm likely to shoot them."	He laughed as he shook his head at her. "Of course, you would.
Luke Evans|I've just been growing right along. It's painful, but it's a great pain, and I like suffering for great results. It's like going to the gym. It hurts really bad at first, but after a couple of months and after that diet, you're looking so hot.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unmasked|With Quinn, safety wasn’t even an illusion. It was an impossibility
John Howe|For this generation, ours, life is nuclear survival, liberty is human rights, the pursuit of happiness is a planet whose resources are devoted to the physical and spiritual nourishment of its inhabitants.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Democracy is, among other things, the ability to say 'no' to the boss. But a man cannot say 'no' to the boss, unless he is sure of being able to eat when the boss's favour has been withdrawn.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|Some people are hard to forget, but some people are hard to remember.
Laurie Notaro, Autobiography of a Fat Bride: True Tales of a Pretend Adulthood|To achieve the impossible dream, try going to sleep.
B.E. Scully|This is not written for the young or the light of heart, not for the tranquil species of men whose souls are content with the simple pleasures of family, church, or profession. Rather, I write to those beings like myself whose existence is compounded by a lurid intermingling of the dark and thelight; who can judge rationally and think with reason, yet who feel too keenly and churn with too great a passion; who have an incessant longing for happiness and yet areshadowed by a deep and persistent melancholy—those who grasp gratification where they may, but find no lasting comfort for the soul.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|If knock the door once and it remains lock, do not turn away. With persistent knocks, the door will be open.
Kamand Kojouri|Oh, how scary and wonderful it is that words can change our lives simply by being next to each other.
Johnny Depp|Rather than attack the Christian faith directly, many films undermine foundational Christian principles, including the human need for salvation. These films present a false "gospel" that leads people away from the truth. Recognizing these messages in movies can help us avoid being adversely influenced by them. Just as importantly, the messages in these stories can provide us with starting points for sharing the true gospel of Jesus Christ.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Polly?' Said Wazzer. 'Yes?''You don't believe in The Duchess, do you? I mean the real Duchess, not your inn.'Polly looked into the small, pinched, intense face. 'Well I mean, they say she's dead, and I prayed to her when I was small, but since you asked I don't exactly, um, believe as-' She gabbled.'She is standing just behind you. Just behind your right shoulder.'In the silence of the wood, Polly turned. 'I can't see her,' she said.'I am happy for you,' said Wazzer, handing her the empty mug.'But I didn't see anything,' said Polly.'No,' said Wazzer. 'But you turned around.
William Blake, Jerusalem|I know of no other Christianity and of no other Gospel than the liberty both of body & mind to exercise the Divine Arts of ImaginationImagination the real & eternal World of which this Vegetable Universe is but a faint shadow & in which we shall live in our Eternal or Imaginative Bodies, when these Vegetable Mortal Bodies are no more. The Apostles knew of no other Gospel.
Germaine Greer|Half the point in reading novels and seeing plays and films is to exercise the faculty of sympathy with our own kind, so often obliterated in the multifarious controls and compulsions of actual social existence.
Mike Krzyzewski|The tango is really a combination of many cultures, though it eventually became the national music of Argentina.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|In attitude, faith is "restful", but in action, it is "powerful". Praying in tongues has both a restful and powerful effect upon our lives because it is an active expression of our faith.
Washington Irving|There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
Anton du Beke|One day, I just wandered into a dance class full of girls, and that was it. I thought, 'Hang on! I'll have a bit of this.' I went back a week later and got dragged up by the teacher. It wasn't a massive calling.
Alan Hollinghurst|Nate and Jared were watching me as they undressed. Clothed, they were sexy as hell. Naked, I wanted to lick every inch of their bodies. Nick, still standing in front of me, removed his shirt and tossed it on the floor next to the chair. Next came his jeans and underwear. Any anger I felt over being tied to the chair disappeared.
Anna Godbersen, The Luxe|Clichés, stock phrases, adherence to conventional, standardized codes of expression and conduct have the socially recognized function of protecting us against reality, that is, against the claim on our thinking attention that all events and facts make by virtue of their existence.
Olan Rogers|Most people who do a lot of exercise, particularly in the form of competitive athletics, have unneurotic, extraverted, optimistic personalities to begin with. (Marathon runners are exceptions to this.)
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Half hating, half loving, this free time between writing books.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Then he thought himself unhappy, but happiness was all in the future; now he felt that the best happiness was already in the past.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|His transcendent sense of worth had risen and caught up to him. He did not like the world he lived in, and the people in it. He was just as much a victim as he was a culprit of the seven deadly sins.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|It does help to actually realize that however stunning the person who is, you know, fluttering eyelashes at you, she doesn't do anything to match up to your wife.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|I don't believe in miracles, but if the need is great, a girl might make her own miracle.
Lynn Austin, Waves of Mercy|Gold is found in the deep rough soil, so go for gold
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|My own sense is that the acquisition of self knowledge has been made difficult by the modern world. More and more human beings live in vast urban environments, surrounded by other human beings and the creations of human beings. The natural world, the traditional source of self-awareness, is increasingly absent.
James Madison|Where we see the same faults followed regularly by the same misfortunes, we may reasonably think that if we could have known the first we might have avoided the others.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|I choose not to believe in any gods as an act of charity,” Marcus said. “Charity toward whom?” “Toward the gods. Seems rude to think they couldn’t make a world better than this,
Faith Sullivan, Come What May|With you, there's always music.
Henry Miller, The Time of the Assassins:  a Study of Rimbaud|He saw that science had become as great a hoax as religion, that nationalism was a farce, patriotism a fraud, education a form of leprosy, and that morals were for cannibals
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|You will remember this when all else fades, this moment, here, together, by this well. There will be certain days, and certain nights, you’ll feel my presence near you, hear my voice. You’ll think you have imagined it and yet, inside you, you will catch an answering cry. On April evenings, when the rain has ceased, your heart will shake, you’ll weep for nothing, pine for what’s not there. For you, this life will never be enough, there will forever be an emptiness, where once the god was all in all in you.
Catherine Doyle, Inferno|Maybe you’re not so bad after all.’He leant across the seat, jabbing his finger in the air. ‘If you tell anyone, I’ll deny it. I have a reputation to uphold, you know.
Lionel Suggs|Lying in bed, half-covered by the blankets, I would drowsily ask why he had come to my door that night long ago. It had become a ritual for us, as it does for all lovers: where, when, why? remember...I understand even old people rehearse their private religion of how they first loved, most guarded of secrets. And he would answer, sleep blurring his words, "Because I had to." The question and the answer were always the same. Why? Because I had to.
Harry Browne|I have sympathy for young people, for their growing pains, but I balk when these growing pains are pushed into the foreground, when you make these young people the only vehicles of life's wisdom.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The reason why we get the same partners is not because people are the same, but because we pull the dark shadow of past hurts over our eyes and we live the same all over again. We change the actors, but never the masks we give them in our play.
Megan Hilty|There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|When your diary is full and your life is empty, get a date
Gregory Colbert|The whales do not sing because they have an answer, they sing because they have a song.
Adrienne Rich|For now, poetry has the capacity - in its own ways and by its own means - to remind us of something we are forbidden to see.
Kat Kaelin, Relationship: How to Communicate More Effectively and Manage Your Anger: BONUS: 7 Powerful Key Tips, Save, Heal and Build a Strong Relationship|Paradise is not a place, it’s a state of mind.
Agatha Christie, The Clocks|To every problem, there is a most simple solution.
Joseph Conrad|Denied anything ardently desired, the individual or state will argue and parley just so long - then, if the impelling motive be sufficiently great, will cast aside every rule and break down every acquired inhibition, plunging viciously after the object wished; all the more fantastically savage because of previous repression.
Nikki Sex, Accuse|I could tell he wanted the best for me. Of course, he assumed that would be getting out. Everyone always thought that, not of what we had to go back to, at home. Maybe our parents had thrown away our mattresses. Maybe they'd told our siblings we'd been run over by trains, to make our absence fonder.Not everyone had a parent. It could be that nothing was waiting for us. Our keys would no longer fit the locks. We'd resort to ringing the bell, saying we've come home, can't we come in?The eye in the peephole would show itself, and that eye could belong to a stranger, as our family had moved halfway across the country and never informed us. Or that eye could belong to the woman who carried us for nine months, who labored for fourteen hours, who was sliced open with a C-section to give us life, and now wished she never did.The juvenile correctional system could let us out into the world, but it could not control who would be out there, willing to claim us.
David Foster Wallace|Fiction is one of the few experiences where loneliness can be both confronted and relieved. Drugs, movies where stuff blows up, loud parties -- all these chase away loneliness by making me forget my name's Dave and I live in a one-by-one box of bone no other party can penetrate or know. Fiction, poetry, music, really deep serious sex, and, in various ways, religion -- these are the places (for me) where loneliness is countenanced, stared down, transfigured, treated.
Michael Stein|When she was younger, she felt that he wanted to know everything about her, but she was sometimes afraid to tell too much. She was afraid he would know her too well, that he would find some weakness in her, some element that would turn him away, maybe even a quality she didn't even realize she possessed.
Debasish Mridha|Excellence is not a history, but a habit.
Larry Kramer|It has always been the role of government to help solve problems, including and especially health crises. Obesity is a health epidemic across our country, and we have a responsibility as a government and a society to do all we can to promote good nutrition and healthy eating so we can reverse this alarming trend.
John Crowley, Little, Big|Violet said nothing, though big pearly tears, like a child's, trembled at her lashes. She suddenly missed John very much. Into him she could pour all the inarticulate perceptions, all the knowings and unknowings she felt, which, though he couldn't understand them really, he would receive reverently, and out of him would come then the advice, the warnings, the clever decisions she could never have made.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When Albert Einstein told you to hide your source, he wasn't giving you a deliberate advice to conceal the root in which you're growing, but was to conceal the root from the eyes of people that will dare to uproot it.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Even though he said no store in uncanny things, he was soldier enough to value with whatever weapon came to hand.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|The truth is, most people who do what you'd call 'wrong' do it for what they call 'right' reasons.
Margherita Missoni|There are a few elements - especially platinum and palladium - that have the amazing ability to absorb up to 900 times their own volume in hydrogen gas. To get a sense of the scale there, that's roughly equivalent to a 250-pound man swallowing something the size of a dozen African bull elephants and not gaining an inch on his waistline.
Toni Sorenson|Courage is not beating up the bully or letting the bully beat you up, it is standing strong before the bully and seeing him for what he truly is: a child of God in need of an attitude adjustment.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|It is when one begins to lose the consciousness of freedom, and when the idea of necessity enters the world at all, when there is any hurry or strain anywhere, a letter to be written or a train to catch, when you have got to work, to make the horses of the dream gallop, or to make the rifles go off, that the dream is declining, and turning into the nightmare, which belongs to the poorest and most vulgar class of dreams.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|The Prince found Buttercup waiting unhappily outside his chamber doors.It's my letter,' she began. 'I cannot make it right.'Come in, come in,' the Prince said gently. 'Maybe we can help you.' She sat down in the same chair as before. 'All right, I'll close my eyes and listen; read to me.'Westley, my passion, my sweet, my only my own. Come back, come back. I shall kill myself otherwise. Yours in torment, Buttercup.' She looked at Humperdinck. 'Well? Do you think I'm throwing myself at him?
Martin Luther King Jr.|Friendship is like a flower. It needs daily love and care to blossom. If you forget to give it water, the flower dies. It’s as simple as that! Teddy
Ovid|The real guys that I knew were really cool people, who I played basketball with and traveled with on teams and knew their families and knew that they love their family. They just happen to do something that wasn't all the way legal, but it was a part of their life, and you knew that they hustled.
Nathan McCall, Them|To challenge humanism in any field, you must possess a uniquely biblical view of God, man, law, and time.
Mira Grant, Feed|Zombies are the liberal nightmare. Here you have the masses, whom you would love to love, appearing at your front door with their faces falling off; and you’re trying to be as humane as you possibly can, but they are, after all, eating the cat. And the fear of mass activity, of mindlessness on a national scale, underlies my fear of zombies.
Ehsan Sehgal|When we miss understanding, we meet misunderstanding. Misunderstanding always pushes understanding far away!
Dada Bhagwan|If you give pain to someone out there, you will start to feel the pain within you! Such is the science of the Vitraags [the enlightened ones]. If you take everyone’s pain for one lifetime, it will make up for losses of infinite lifetimes!
Evelyn Underhill|With patience and persistence, even the smallest act of discipleship or the tiniest ember of belief can become a blazing bonfire of a consecrated life. In fact, that's how most bonfires begin - as a simple spark.
Phil Cousineau|A ritual is the enactment of a myth. And, by participating in the ritual, you are participating in the myth. And since myth is a projection of the depth wisdom of the psyche, by participating in a ritual, participating in the myth, you are being, as it were, put in accord with that wisdom, which is the wisdom that is inherent within you anyhow. Your consciousness is being re-minded of the wisdom of your own life. I think ritual is terribly important.
Lani Wendt Young, When Water Burns|Yes, I’m Daniel Tahi." I know what your lips taste like.I know you roll your eyes when you think someone is an idiot. I know that you wish you were six inches shorter because you hate being taller than most of the boys you've ever met. Your name is tattooed across my chest and written on my heart.You are a fire daughter of earth, fanua afi and I am vasa loloa,son of the ocean. I am yours...And you can’t even remember who I am.
Jaclyn Moriarty, The Year of Secret Assignments|He tip-toed past the double bed that had been placed in a corner - wrought-iron headboard, embroidered pillows, amulets against the evil-eye and a satiny, cobalt-blue bedspread. Blue was Iskender's favourite colour. It was the colour for boys, which meant the sky was a boy. So were the rivers and lakes. And the oceans, though he had yet to see one.
Suzannah Daniels, Vampire's Bane|I want you to walk away from a fight instead of run toward it, goddamn it.
J.C. Patrick, A Hollywood Classic|I got home a little after seven, but didn’t feel hungry. Instead, I crawled into my pajamas and pulled out my Jimmy Stewart movie It’s a Wonderful Life. I fixed myself a cup of herbal tea and settled in for the night. Normally, I’d save such a classic movie for the holidays, when I tended to feel sorry for myself, but today’s need felt urgent. If Jimmy was able to accept that he had a wonderful life, maybe I could, too.
Mae West|There is a French saying: "Love is the dawn of marriage  and marriage is the sunset of love."
Andrea Lochen, The Repeat Year|We find that one person in life that will stand by us through everything, support us, love us regardless of yourself. That one person that will stand by your side through everything. Grab onto that person with everything for if you don't then one day you will look to your side expecting him to be there and you will find that he is not. So don't take the one for granted that makes you his life. If you do then he will remove you from his...
E.M. Forster, Maurice|Listening isn't just about being quiet.It's about listening to -What is Said,What is Unsaid,and What is meantWith your Eyes, Ears and Heart
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|The opposite of faith is not doubt, but certainty. Certainty is missing the point entirely. Faith includes noticing the mess, the emptiness and discomfort, and letting it be there until some light returns. Faith also means reaching deeply within, for the sense one was born with, the sense, for example, to go for a walk.
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|What makes an amazing artist? It's not his ability to impress but his skill in touching people's lives through his craft. When he does even a simple piece of work with not much adornment (fanciful words, colors) and it moves the hearts of his audience, it is considered to be a masterpiece! A true artist lets people enter a different kind of sanctuary out of the conventional. What makes his work standout is its uniqueness -if it has a HEART.
Keri Arthur, Who Needs Enemies|One year Halloween came on October 24, three hours after midnight. At that time, James Nightshade of 97 Oak Street was thirteen years, eleven months, twenty-three days old. Next door, William Halloway was thirteen years, eleven months, and twenty-four days old. Both touched toward fourteen; it almost trembled in their hands. And that was the October week when they grew up overnight, and were never so young any more...
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|All living relationships are in process ofchange, of expansion, and must perpetually be building themselves new forms. But there is no singlefixed form to express such a changing relationship.
Shon Mehta|When I was young, I thought I was a very smart and learned person.But now, the more I read, the more I learn, the more I think, the humbler I become.
Mike Birbiglia|The great opportunity belongs to him who can see it, to him who can grasp it. The better part of your chance is right inside of you.
Hélène Cixous|People do not see you, / They invent you and accuse you.
Kate Simon, Italy: The places in between|Remember that a little learning can be a pleasant thing. Italy gives much, in beauty, gaiety, diversity of arts and landscapes, good humor and energy—willingly, without having to be coaxed or courted. Paradoxically, she requires (as do other countries, probably more so) and deserves some preparation as background to enhance her pleasures. It is almost impossible to read a total history of Italy; there was no united country until a hundred years ago, no single line of power, no concerted developments. It is useful, however, to know something about what made Siena run and stop, to become acquainted with the Estes and the Gonzagas, the Medicis and the Borgias, the names that were the local history. It helps to know something about the conflicts of the medieval church with the Holy Roman Empire, of the French, Spanish and early German kings who marked out large chunks of Italy for themselves or were invited to invade by a nervous Italian power. Above all, it helps to turn the pages of a few art and architecture books to become reacquainted with names other those of the luminous giants.The informed visitors will not allow himself to be cowed by the deluge of art. See what interests or attracts you; there is no Italian Secret Service that reports on whether you have seen everything. If you try to see it all except as a possible professional task, you may come to resist it all. Relax, know what you like and don’t like—not the worst of measures—and let the rest go.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|I suppose even a simple slogan can be twisted into whatever shape we want, like a balloon animal—we can even make it loop back around on itself, becoming a noose. In the end, the measure of who we are can be seen in the shapes of our balloon animals.
Sarah McLachlan|each of us humans has a moment-if not many-in which we lapse. for some, the transgression involves sex. for others, simply doubt or a rage so all encompassing, it impels us to make irreversible decisions.but whatever the transgression is doesn't really matter. what matters is that lapsing is our fate. we humans are doomed to it. worse, it is our destiny to look back longingly, with nostalgia, at our world before we changed, at who we were Before.we can never forget.but we can never go back.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Fear comes at me like a massive bull with lowered horns ready to gore. But I have learned of the insubstantial nature of fear: if I stand my ground, it will pass right through me.
Tony Newton, The Zombie Rule Book: A Zombie Apocalypse Survival Guide|Make goals, dream big, live with passion.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Let the fires of truth burn away your false life and your excuses, fears, blaming, doubts and illusions of insignificance.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|We are all feeding from each other, all the time, every day.
Brian Spellman|A bind is when you're quadriplegic, suicidal about that and unable to persuade your best friend to murder you.
Mary Berry|When I first started shooting 'Sharpe,' back in the early 1990s, I'd kiss my two elder daughters goodbye at the end of August - Evie wasn't even born then - and I wouldn't see them again until Christmas. That was tough. They were hard times.
Jeffrey Toobin, The Nine: Inside the Secret World of the Supreme Court|Rehnquist was just reflecting his shifting role, from outsider to the institutional embodiment of the Court.
Leah Cypess, Death Marked|Ileni swallowed hard. "Yes," she said. "I am. But it's all going to be the same, for a very long time. The sorcerers will have all the power, and the assassins will eventually regather and start attacking again... and I haven't made any difference at all.""Well," Evin said, "I think you've made quite a bit of difference to the people whose lives you saved. Speaking as one of them."She stepped away from the edge, closer to him. "Do you regret it?" he asked evenly.His face was half-shadowed, but his eyes were bright and piercing. Not wide with pain and devoid of hope. She felt again his hand, limp and helpless in hers. Felt it tighten as Sorin plummeted past the gray rock. "No," she said. And for at least that moment, it was entirely true.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch|To man has been given the grief, often, of seeing his gods overthrown and his altars crumbling; but to the wolf and the wild dog that have come in to crouch at man's feet, this grief has never come. Unlike man, whose gods are of the unseen and overguessed, vapors and mists of fancy eluding the garmenture of reality, wandering wraiths of desired goodness and power, intangible outcroppings of self into the realm of spirit - unlike man, the wolf and the wild dog that have come into their fire find the gods in the living flesh, solid to the touch, occupying earth-space and requiring time for the accomplishment of their ends and their existence. No effort of faith is necessary to believe in such a god; no effort of will can possibly induce disbelief in such a god. There is no getting away from it. There it stands, on its two hindlegs, club in hand, immensely potential, passionate and wrathful and loving, god and mystery and power all wrapped up and around by flesh that bleeds when it is torn and that is good to eat like any flesh.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|The feeling doesn’t always match the loss. Sometimes the bigger ones are easier to take, like ocean waves. Smaller, human losses, the ones that carry a sense of fault, a choice, a wrong turn – they haunt, fuse in you, become impossible to remove.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|To transform yourself, you don't need to do big things. Just do small things in big way. Transformation will follow you!
Adyashanti, The End of Your World: Uncensored Straight Talk on the Nature of Enlightenment|There is no explaining the "pure" experience. There is only the completely unwarranted presupposition that others should others should somehow "understand" that it has taken place. but the judgement whether a "pure" rather than a secondary "experience" has actually occurred can, by definition, only be self-referential.&that would be in order if, simultaneously, there were not the presumption that something objectively meaningful about phenomenal reality had been illuminated.Or, putting it another way,the problem is not what James Joyce termed the "epiphany," the momentary glimpse of meaning experienced by an individual, but rather the refusal to define its existential "place" or recognize its explanatory limits....Insisting upon the absolute character of revelatory truth obviously generates a division between the saved & the damned.There arises the simultaneous desire to abolish blasphemy and bring the heathen into the light.Not every person in quest of the "pure experience,"of course,is a religious fanatic or obsessed with issues of identity.Making existential sense of reality through the pure experience,feeling a sense of belonging, is a serious matter & a legitimate undertaking.But the more the preoccupation with the purity of the experience, it only follows,the more fanatical the believer. In political terms,therefore,the problem is less the lack of intensity in the lived life of the individual than the increasing attempts by individuals and groups to insist that their own,particular,deeply felt existential or religious or aesthetic experience should be privileged in the public realm.Indeed, this runs directly counter to the Enlightenment.... Different ideas have a different role in different spheres of social action.Subjectivity has a pivotal role to play in discussing existential or aesthetic experience while the universal subject is necessary understanding of citizenship or the rule of law.From such a perspective,indeed,the seemingly irresolvable conflict between subjectivity and the subject becomes illusory: it is instead a matter of what should assume primacy in what realm....From the standpoint of a socially constructed subjectivity,however, only members of a particular group can have the appropriate intuition or "experience," to make judgements about their culture or their politics...This stance now embraced by so many on the left,however, actually derives from arguments generated first by the Counter-Enlightenment & then the radical right during the Dreyfus Affair.These reactionaries, too, claimed that rather than introduce "grand narratives" or "totalizing ambitions" or "universal" ideas of justice, intellectuals should commit themselves to the particular groups with whose unique discourses and experiences they, as individuals, are intimately and existentially familiar.The "pure"-or less contaminated- experience of group members was seen as providing them a privileged insight into a particular form of oppression. Criticism from the "outsider" loses its value and questions concerning the adjudication of differences between groups are never faced,...Not every person who believes in the "pure experience" -again-was an anti-Semite or fascist.But it is interesting how the "pure experience," with its vaunted contempt for the "public" and its social apathy,can be manipulated in the realm of politics.Utopia doesn't appear only in the idea of a former "golden age" located somewhere in the past or the vision of future paradise...history has shown the danger of turning "reason" into an enemy and condemning universal ideals in the name of some parochial sense of "place" rooted in a particular community, Or, put another way, where power matters the "pure" experience is never quite so pure and no "place" is sacrosanct.Better to be a bit more modest when confronting social reality and begin the real work of specifying conditions under which each can most freely pursue his or her existential longing &find a place in the sun.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|We are the ones who take this thing called music and line it up with this thing called time. We are the ticking, we are the pulsing, we are underneath every part of this moment. And by making the moment our own, we are rendering it timeless. There is no audience. There are no instruments. There are only bodies and thoughts and murmurs and looks. It's the concert rush to end all concert rushes, because this is what matters. When the heart races, this is what it's racing towards.
Jean Paul|No man deserves to be praised for his goodness, who has it not in his power to be wicked. Goodness without that power is generally nothing more than sloth, or an impotence of will.
George Gordon Byron|And I have one of those very loud, stupid laughs. I mean if I ever sat behind myself in a movie or something, I'd probably lean over and tell myself to please shut up.
Stephanie Hemphill, Wicked Girls|You’re going to work in this life, and you’re going to play. And when the last days come, you’ll look back and find that that’s all there was, an endless stream of days going back to today. But if you can find the thing you should be doing, the thing that makes you you, and if you can make that thing yours, then you’ve beaten the game. I haven’t. Most men don’t. You probably won’t either, but the point is to try, and to never give up, even when you think it’s over.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|At such times the universe gets a little closer to us. They are strange times, times of beginnings and endings. Dangerous and powerful. And we feel it even if we don't know what it is. These times are not necessarily good, and not necessarily bad. In fact, what they are depends on what *we* are.
Sara  Daniel, One Night With the Best Man|I think it's our obligation to play, Honor. It's just a game, so can I kiss you?
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|I've learned that to be courageous is to feel fear within, every step of the way. Courage does not take over, it fights and struggles through every word you say and every step you take. It's a battle or a dance as to whether to let it pervade. It takes courage to overcome, but it takes extreme fear to be courageous.
Peter Wessel Zapffe, The Last Messiah|When you live by understanding, you will escape destructions
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|My question is, do you believe in an evil possessed of its own purity? or does every act intend some good?...
Diane Von Furstenberg|I find great happiness in my relationships with old friends, living mirrors that reflect histories of laughter and sorrow, triumphs and failures, births and deaths, on both sides.
Kristi Ling, Operation Happiness: The 3-Step Plan to Creating a Life of Lasting Joy, Abundant Energy, and Radical Bliss|Happiness is a journey that starts with you. If you can’t find it within you, it will be logically impossible for you to make others around you happy.
Criss Jami|Where God is like the sun, the Devil is like a raindrop. There is no 'God vs. Satan' because they aren't even that close in power and authority. The former is very patient; the latter is at mercy.
Human Angels, We are human angels|When your ego surrenders to the Higher Self, you become a Human Angel: a radiating center of Light, an active and conscious part of the Uni-versal project of Love.
Kenneth L. Fisher, The Wall Street Waltz: 90 Visual Perspectives : Illustrated Lessons from Financial Cycles and Trends|...it's a good idea to remember that whenever there is a buy and a seller, somebody is wrong. Make sure it's not you
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|To love is a natural instinct. To be loved is “something”. To be loved like crazy, like their life depends on you is a once-in-a-lifetime feeling. How many of us can keep their right hand on their heart and say that they have actually experienced something like that? Not many, I guess. Because you know what, once-in-a-lifetime moments, well, come once in a lifetime. You either have to extremely, enormously and tremendously lucky or have to manage to fascinate a poet or a painter or someone really very naïve or mentally unsound.
Marilyn Grey, Bloom|To know true love, even though it was impossible to keep, had finally cracked her heart open enough to let someone else in.
Frank Ocean|It's sour grapes, I admit, I want to be more famous so people are examining my work couplet by couplet, you know what I mean? That's the level where I want to go.
William Faulkner|I don't think anybody can teach anybody anything. I think that you learn it, but the young writer that is as I say demon-driven and wants to learn and has got to write, he don't know why, he will learn from almost any source that he finds. He will learn from older people who are not writers, he will learn from writers, but he learns it -- you can't teach it.
Debasish Mridha|Qualifications do not always define a true education. Qualifications are like obtaining a valuable candle while a true education is the essence of light that the candle will reflect. The ultimate purpose of qualifications is to find a great job, and the ultimate purpose of education is to create a great life.
Tommy Lee, Tommyland|Then haste we down to meet thy friends and foes;To place thy friends in ease, the rest in woes.For here though death doth end their misery,I'll there begin their endless tragedy.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|It did not occur to Kabalana that the behaviour of these two young men was not a consequence of their education and experiences in England. Kabalana did not have the objectivity in thinking to acknowledge this. What they acquired in England was an education that encouraged independent thought. The social environment encouraged independent thought, but also the expression of such thoughts without fear. The English people have no unchanging past. Scientific knowledge, the Arts and social conventions change even in a matter of weeks and months.
Brittany Snow|As I approached my 18th birthday and prepared to enter military service in World War II, I was recommended to receive the Melchizedek Priesthood.
Mark Fripp character in Come Find Me|Hate is a disease, but love is its only cure.
Donald J. Trump|The marriage of reason and nightmare that dominated the 20th century has given birth to an ever more ambiguous world. Across the communications landscape move the spectres of sinister technologies and the dreams that money can buy. Thermo-nuclear weapons systems and soft-drink commercials coexist in an overlit realm ruled by advertising and pseudo-events, science and pornography. Over our lives preside the great twin leitmotifs of the 20th century – sex and paranoia…In a sense, pornography is the most political form of fiction, dealing with how we use and exploit each other, in the most urgent and ruthless way.
Jennifer Tindugan-Adoviso|And the wind falls silent, and the birds fall silent, and the wild cherry trees no longer shiver and creek.
Plato, Phaedrus|O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|When we come in contact with our true self, we stop trying to be someone else. We fall in love with it and embrace it with all its flaws :-)
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|I want to make you feel things you’ve never felt, push you in ways you never knew existed, expand your horizons in ways you never dreamt needed expanding…”Me too. “I want to show you that pleasure can be pain…”Whatever you want. “And pain can be pleasure…”Anything. “And that those worlds can be yours if you just let go and exist…” I’ll follow you anywhere.	“I want to break you apart. And put you back together again.”I’m yours.“Beautiful, I want to make you fly.” Please. Anything.
Auliq Ice|Influence is like the lottery, you have to be in it to win it
Nikki Rowe|The thought of never crossing your path again is to enormous to bare, so for now I'll make dreams in my heart and remind myself to go and sit & remember them every once in a while.
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala|I want to read about a character doing something fairly quiet where I can picture who the character is, and what their attitude towards the world is - which I'm a lot more interested in than what they do under the pressure of a gunfight.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|He feels a second pang now for the existence of perfection, the stubborn existence of perfection in the most vulnerable of things and in the face of his refusal-logical-admirable refusal-to engage with this existence in his heart, in his mind. For the comfortless logic, the curse of clear sight, no matter which string he pulls on the same wretched knot: (a) the futility of seeing given the fatality in a place such as this where a mother still bloody must bury her newborn, hose off, and go home to pound yam into paste; (b) the persistence of beauty, in fragility of all places!, in a dewdrop at daybreak, a thing that will end, and in moments, and in a garden, and in Ghana, lush Ghana, soft Ghana, verdant Ghana, where fragile things die.
Buffy Andrews, Gina and Mike|Not all books are created equally, but, all books are created.
Lazarus Takawira, Imagine Africa|No matter how much you water the ground, if the ground holds no seed then no plant is coming out. Don’t expect the plant to come out unless you have sown the seed
Mariyn Monroe|He said, I won't have one of those things in the house. It gives a young girl a false notion of beauty, not to mention anatomy. If a real woman was built like that she'd fall on her face.She said, If we don't let her have one like all the other girls she'll feel singled out. It'll become an issue. She'll long for one and she'll long to turn into one. Repression breeds sublimation. You know that. He said, It's not just the pointy plastic tits, it's the wardrobes. The wardrobes and that stupid male doll, what's his name, the one with the underwear glued on.She said, Better to get it over with when she's young. He said, All right but don't let me see it.She came whizzing down the stairs, thrown like a dart. She was stark naked. Her hair had been chopped off, her head was turned back to front, she was missing some toes and she'd been tattooed all over her body with purple ink, in a scrollwork design. She hit the potted azalea, trembled there for a moment like a botched angel, and fell.He said, I guess we're safe.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|I'm sorry. I just meant that all this is new to me. I get lost sometimes." I give her my most honest expression.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we are not registering bad events in history to learn from them, then why are we even still registering them at all? Is it really an outlandish ideal to want a peaceful and prosperous nation, ruled only by compassion, truth and justice? As of now, there is no peace, no truth, no prosperity, no compassion - and NO COMMON SENSE. Since when did the words human and inhumane share the same meaning? Think, people. I am only asking you to THINK.
Augustine of Hippo|I had not known before that love is obedience. You want to love, and you can’t, and you hate yourself because you can’t, and all the time love is not some marvelous thing that you feel but some hard thing that you do. And this in a way is easier because with God’s help you can command your will when you can’t command your feelings. With us, feelings seem to be important, but He doesn’t appear to agree with us.
Vironika Tugaleva|To persevere is one thing, but to push on ignoring your intuition is something quite different. Self-awareness is the practice of learning the difference.
Marsha Blackburn|I've thought hard about my psychological connections and I think I've managed to separate out the psychological from the legal, moral, and political.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|He stands on the stone table and selects a large fig, bites into the skin, then opens it with his fingers. He thinks of a woman's sex, ancient and eternal, no young girl would have such gritty sweetness. Was this not perhaps the fruit that got Adam and Eve thrown out of Eden? Who would want to give up an unblemished state of immortality for the insipid apple?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Genius is in you, but like a seed, you determine whether it dies or grows.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|Let us agree that we are marrying so we can go on quarreling in the greatest comfort and convenience. Oh, please, Althea, look at me. Do say yes.
Michael Koryta, Rise the Dark|Never be absolutely certain that either those claiming to be the terrorists, ot those accused of committing an act of terrorism, were the perpetrators. The only absolute certainties are forever victims.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|In theory it was, around now, Literature. Susan hated Literature. She'd much prefer to read a good book.
Matthew De Abaitua, If Then|Losing him would, she realised, be unlike anything she had ever experienced before. A marriage is a conspiracy, a shared aspect toward the rest of the society, a code devised over a long history of negotiation and habit. That code would vanish. Her thoughts would be unobserved, her memories would be hers alone, without the heft that comes from sharing them with another. She would become insubstantial to herself.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|This was historical revisionism at its best, and hadn't Sam always specialized in that, hadn't she always said she wished she had a permanent film rolling of their life so she could go back and prove that, yes, he did so say that thing he now denied?
Diana Ross|Many of us who have cars have felt some form of extreme anger at other drivers because we feel they have put us in harm's way. We might even envision ramming their cars or cutting them off in return, but do we actually do it? No, because the overwhelming majority of us never want to take another human life.
W. Somerset Maugham|Mrs. MacAndrew shared the common opinion of her sex that a man is always a brute to leave a woman who is attached to him, but that a woman is much to blame if he does.
Carolyn Turgeon, Mermaid|Gray, the colour of forgetting.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Apparently if you want to get a boy to like you, you go sort of mysterious and icy and cool. That’s what my cousin said and she has loads of boyfriends and snogging-type experiences.
Pippa DaCosta, Devil May Care|When demons call you the Mother of Destruction, sh*t gets real." Muse.
ack Kerouac WD|If life takes you long way, take a shortcut!
H.D. Gordon, Half Black Soul|There is no feeling that is comparable to that of being truly lost. I don’t mean lost in the woods, or desert, but lost in the way that only can happen internally. Lost to the deepest,blackest pit of your soul, clinging to ghosts of past times, when you thought you knew who andwhat you were. When this happens, you have two choices; you can give in to your darkest inclinations,and accept what you are, or you can fight, knowing that it is a losing battle, that the good halfof your soul is strong, but can never erase the bad part.
Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn|So was it cultural imperialism for Westerners to criticize foot-binding and female infanticide? Perhaps. But it was also the right thing to do. If we believe firmly in certain values, such as the equality of all human beings regardless of color or gender, then we should not be afraid to stand up for them; it would be feckless to defer slavery, torture, foot-binding, honor killings, or genital cutting just because we believe in respecting other faiths or cultures.
Erica Larsen, Bad Boy Nice Guy: A New Adult Romance Novel|In somebody’s mind, some upper-level suit that was looking at the bottom line and all those red numbers, it made more sense to unload five employees who collectively made a hundred thousand a year and ruin five lives, than it did to get rid of one job-redundant, mid-level manager earning the same amount.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|Have to be honest with you Darquesse, I cannot feel that. That must be one of your special abilities, because to me, it looks like you just killed a whole bunch of people for no reason.""Oh," said Darquesse. "That's so sad
Md. Ziaul Haque|If you want to be a good actor or director, firstly see life, secondly see films and thirdly read books!
C. JoyBell C.|In the world that we live in— purity and innocence are the true strengths. It is strength to live in a world like this and remain pure of heart, it is strength to live in a world like this and retain innocence. These are things that the world wants to take away from you, that experiences tend to alter and attempt to redefine. The wild ones aren’t the defiled ones— the wild ones are the pure ones, the innocent ones. It takes a true wildness to retain these things through the fire and through the storms. It takes a real wildness to remain in the wild— not contorted and maligned by circumstance and experiences. And it takes power to stand up and to choose what experiences we allow to take root or to even come into our lives.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|Nick... I hope one day you find you a woman who loves you like my Melissa loved me. Whatever you do, boy, don't turn your back on her. If she says she needs you for something, don't matter how stupid it sounds or what deadline you got, you go to her and you do it. Screw work or whatever else. In the end, the only things that matter are the people in your life. The ones who make your life worth living and whose smiles light up your world. Don't ever push them aside for fair-weather friends. Everything else is just cheap window dressing that you can replace. But once them people are gone..." He winced. "You can't buy back time, Nick. Ever. It's the only thing in life you can't get more of, and it's the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it's gone. It takes pity on no soul and no heart. And all those fools who tell you it gets easier in time are lying dumb-asses. Losing someone you really love don't never get easier. You just go a few hours longer without breaking down. That's all... that's all. - Bubba
Patrick O'Brian, Master and Commander|There is much that is strange, but nothing that surpasses man in strangeness
Brian Eno|I actually hated dancing. My mum used to have to bribe me to go by buying me things. A year before I stopped going, I was going to go for an audition with the Royal Ballet. It turned out I was a year too young. Because I was tall, they thought I was older. But before I had the chance to go back, I quit.
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|We all know many people who come from hard-working families, where they had to grow up with a bare minimum and become self-sufficient and independent at a very young age. We look at them now and see responsible citizens, self-reliant adults, successful members of the business community, outstanding performers, and just happy people. Yes, they’re happy, because they know the meaning of labor, they appreciate the pleasure of leisure, they value relationships with others, and they respect themselves. In contrast, there are people who come from wealthy families, had nannies to do everything for them, went to private schools where they were surrounded with special attention, never did their own laundry, never learned how to cook an omelet for themselves, never even gained the essential skills of unwinding on their own before bedtime, and of course, never did anything for anyone else either. You look at their adult life and see how dependent they are on others and how unhappy they are because of that. They need someone to constantly take care of them. They may see no meaning in their life as little things don’t satisfy them, because they were spoiled at a very young age. They may suffer a variety of eating disorders, use drugs, alcohol and other extremes in search of satisfaction and comfort. And, above all, in search of themselves.
Bette Davis|[S]he stood for some moments gazing at the sisters, with affection beaming in one eye, and calculation shining out of the other.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Fear and anxiety many times indicates that we are moving in a positive direction, out of the safe confines of our comfort zone, and in the direction of our true purpose.
Emm Cole, The Short Life of Sparrows|She lifted a shoulder casually and slowly blinked."Where do you want to be?""With you," he answered without hesitation.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|My experience is that God will meet us anywhere. Grieving badly and under the covers? He's there. Sitting at the cemetery, wishing it were you? You're not alone. Sitting on your child's bedroom floor still in your nightgown in the middle of the afternoon? He's holding you up. God will meet you anywhere
Eileen Anglin|Dare to be different. Find the courage to accept that you may always fit in, and the peace within to stop looking for the approval of others. Just be the amazing being that you are. People who shine the light of who they truly are, are inspiring to others.
Mark Henwick, Cool Hand|If you don’t believe your whole life has been a path leading to this one point, you’re not focused enough.” Master Sergeant Gabriel Luther Wells.
Hopal Green|You are in control of your destiny. Start making plans, set goals and work as best towards them.
Brian Kolodiejchuk, Mother Teresa: Come Be My Light: The Private Writings of the "Saint of Calcutta"|To commit herself to becoming "an apostle of Joy" when humanly speaking she might have felt at the brink of despair, was heroic indeed. She could do so because her joy was rooted in the certitude of the ultimate goodness of God's loving plan for her. And though her faith in this truth did not touch her soul with consolation, she ventured to meet the challenges of life with a smile. Her one lever was her blind trust in God.
Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows|Her eye fell everywhere on lawns and plantations of the freshest green; and the trees, though not fully clothed, were in that delightful state when farther beauty is known to be at hand, and when, while much is actually given to the sight, more yet remains for the imagination.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|Of course, I believe most of the older noblemen are actually bringing their sons - only ones eligible for marriage, of course - to dance with me. The consensus seems to be that I would make a pretty good catch.You aren't going to marry a boring nobleman's boring son.No?No, because if one proposes to you, he'll be eaten by morning. Dragons have very healthy appetites.Draconi don't eat people.I've been looking for a new hobby.
Queen Victoria|Men marry because they are tired; women, because they are curious; both are disappointed.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|As days are numbered and life is short, why waste days feeling bad for yourself?
Herman Koch, The Dinner|I amazed myself, above all, with how well I was able to manage. Michel got to school on time, his teeth brushed and his clothes clean. More or less clean: I was less critical of a few spots on his trousers than Claire would have been, but then I was his father. I’ve never tried to be ‘both father and mother’ to him, the way some half-assed, home-made-sweater-wearing head of a single-parent household put it once in some bullshit programme I saw on afternoon TV.
Alec Baldwin|Everything I hated about L.A. I'm beginning to crave. L.A. is a place where you live behind a gate, you get in a car, your interaction with the public is minimal. I used to hate that.
Radhika Swarup, Where the River Parts|It was too quiet for hope, and then too loud for safety.She thought of the people she had lost, of the affection, the smiles, the belonging she could never again take for granted. It was the end of a life, and as she stood there, shivering in the brief night-time chill, it dawned on her that it was the end of her childhood.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Nothing," I said. "It's quiet. It's like― I don't know. It's like falling off a cliff." I laughed. "I guess my life will just stop when I get married."It didn't. It wasn't quiet either. And in the end, I lost him. I did it on purpose, the way Garance lost Baptiste in the crowd. I needed to be alone, I felt. I wanted to be going on alone to my future.
E.L. Doctorow, Ragtime|Poor Father, I see his final exploration. He arrives at the new place, his hair risen in astonishment, his mouth and eyes dumb. His toe scuffs a soft storm of sand, he kneels and his arms spread in pantomimic celebration, the immigrant, as in every moment of his life, arriving eternally on the shore of his Self.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Even if doors are open to the fool, he/she will still be foolish in accessing them.
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|I'm a man born to blood and pain, and peace would be a killing blow for me.
Jane Howard|Whenever anyone says, 'theoretically,' they really mean, 'not really.'
Federico García Lorca|If I were dead, I wouldn't be sad, and I wouldn't be glad, because I wouldn't be.
Josiah Bancroft, Senlin Ascends|The handkerchief is the universal utensil of the seasoned traveler. It can be a sanitizing device, a seat cover, a dust mask, a garrote, a bandage, a gag, or a white flag. One may feel well-prepared with nothing but a pocket square.
Ben Roethlisberger|Wear what you want to wear. Do what you want to do. Be who you are. Pick out your own clothes. Be a man. And if that's too much to ask, as it almost always is for me, think of someone you consider to be a man and pretend to be like him. I pretend to be like my dad.
Wangari Maathai|My mama told me in college, 'I love you, and you're God's child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.'
Rofithah Omar|Free ourselves from fear, insecure and scared of others judgement and opinions. Build up with our own confident, self-esteem and self-satisfaction.Just be yourself for being better person.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Is it rational to believe in a bad God? Anyway, in a God so bad as all that? The Cosmic Sadist, the spiteful imbecile?
Alexander McCall Smith, The Woman Who Walked in Sunshine|Ignorance is more than bliss, it is a recipe for potential disaster.
Milan Ljubincic|When we choose to live a heart-centered life, we've chosen to live in the Light.
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|But freedom starts with honesty. We aren’t doing ourselves any favors by defining our- selves as good and others as bad. Let’s just agree that we all need help, that we are all in this together.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow worldLike a Colossus; and we petty menWalk under his huge legs, and peep aboutTo find ourselves dishonourable graves.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|If we look more closely, we see that any violent display of power, whether political or religious, produces an outburst of folly in a large part of mankind; indeed, this seems actually to be a psychological and sociological law: the power of some needs the folly of others. It is not that certain human capacities, intellectual capacities for instance, become stunted of destroyed, but rather that the upsurge of power makes such an overwhelming impression that men are deprived of their independent judgment, and...give up trying to assess the new state of affairs for themselves.
Kate Nash|I wish you couldn't figure me out, but you'd always want to know what I was about
Noah Feldman|Sitting at a candidate rally is similar to sitting in a ballyard. Both give you the opportunity to assess the technical metrics and reflect on the intangibles - what baseball calls 'make up' and politics calls 'character' - the leadership, talent and maturity to add value to a venture.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|The San Francisco skyline sparkles in the distance, the bay spread out before it like a shark-infested welcome mat.
Amanda Coplin, The Orchardist|He had pulled out of that grief, eventually – out from under the suffocating weight of it. Suffering had formed him: made him silent and deliberate, thoughtful: deep.
Jim Geraghty, The Weed Agency: A Comic Tale of Federal Bureaucracy Without Limits|The UFOs were explicable enough, just experimental aircrafts from the airport. Of course the government was not going to tell people what was actually going on. She would not be surprised if the government encouraged the UFO cultists to flock there as the perfect cover, since no one would ever believe them.
Sam Harris, Letter to a Christian Nation|While believing strongly, without evidence, is considered a mark of madness or stupidity in any other area of our lives, faith in God still holds immense prestige in our society. Religion is the one area of our discourse where it is considered noble to pretend to be certain about things no human being could possibly be certain about. It is telling that this aura of nobility extends only to those faiths that still have many subscribers. Anyone caught worshipping Poseidon, even at sea, will be thought insane.
S.D. Lawendowski, Snapped|Here’s one secret no one will tell you about getting laid after a date. DON’T TALK. Most girls blame either their looks or excessive timidity for their virginity. This is only true to an extent. These girls are also horribly annoying.”—Aurelia Nichols & Jillie Bean, 101 Tips to Lose Your Virginity after 25
Joseph Joubertber|Any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning; but give me the man who has pluck to fight when he's sure of losing. That's my way, sir; and there are many victories worse than a defeat.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|...What happens is of little significance compared with the stories we tell ourselves about what happens. Events matter little, only stories of events affect us.
Alexander Hamilton|December 29, 1946: Snowing this morning. The year seems to be dying in a light white blanket. Only three more days of this year, then comes a new one. Then, what? No one knows.  -- Diary of Bertha Kate Gaddis who passed away 6 months later, age 78, West Lafayette, IN.
Barack Obama|There is always space for improvement, no matter how long you've been in the business.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Meditation: Bringing Mindfulness into Everyday Life|When I say ‘practice’ I don’t meanrepeating an act until you get it right. In this use, it means to instill regular discipline to accomplish a specific task, ritual without which we feel incomplete, or that our experience of each day is less.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|The harassed look is that of a desperately tired swimmer or runner; yet there is no question of stopping. The creature we are watching will struggle on and on until it drops. Not because it is heroic. It can imagine no alternative.Staring and staring into the mirror, it sees many faces within its face - the face of the child, the boy, the young man, the not-so-young-man - all present still, preserved as fossils, dead. Their message to this live dying creature is: Look at us - we have died -what is there to be afra
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|All over the world major museums have bowed to the influence of Disney and become theme parks in their own right. The past, whether Renaissance Italy or Ancient Egypt, is re-assimilated and homogenized into its most digestible form. Desperate for the new, but disappointed with anything but the familiar, we recolonize past and future. The same trend can be seen in personal relationships, in the way people are expected to package themselves, their emotions and sexuality, in attractive and instantly appealing forms.
Salvatore J. Cordileone|I would expect illegal alien parents to take care of their children. If it means the kids go back home with them, that's what happens. If it means there are legal relatives in the United States that can take care of them, that can happen to. But I believe it's the parents responsibility to take care of the kids.
Harry Styles|There's a schizoid streak within the family anyway so I dare say that I'm affected by that. The majority of the people in my family have been in some kind of mental institution, as for my brother he doesn't want to leave. He likes it very much.
Babe Ruth|It is not up to me whether I win or lose. Ultimately, this might not be my day. And it is that philosophy towards sports, something that I really truly live by. I am emotional. I want to win. I am hungry. I am a competitor. I have that fire. But deep down, I truly enjoy the art of competing so much more than the result.
Dale Mayer, Scales|Promises are born broken, to fix them you keep them..
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.
Francis G. Slay|Even in the most peaceful communities, an appetite for violence shows up in dreams, fantasies, sports, play, literature, movies and television. And, so long as we don't transform into angels, violence and the threat of violence - as in punishment and deterrence - is needed to rein in our worst instincts.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|Marc to Gabe: "What do you know about the lemon stuff? You weren't in desert combat. You were a park ranger. I'm not dissing that. It's an important job. Someone has to keep the chipmunks in line. I've watched Chip and Dale. I know how sneaky those little bastards can be.
Richard Bach|My mother's dad dropped out of the eighth grade to work. He had to. By the time he was 30, he was a master electrician, plumber, carpenter, mason, mechanic. That guy was, to me, a magician. Anything that was broken, he could fix. Anybody anywhere in our community knew that if there was a problem, Carl was there to fix it.
Peter Capaldi|When you are young, do not get involved in steady dating. When you reach an age where you think of marriage, then is the time to become so involved.
Levon Peter Poe|There is nothing wrong with being Human. What is wrong is how so many take for granted the gift of our being human and never learn that we are also to be HUMANE, hence our HUMANITY. We are born Man but it takes years of education, trial and error to be TRULY HUMAN. It takes an ability to see beyond yourself, and to be able to RELINQUISH YOUR EGO And that is something that far too many neglects to consider in their chase for life, liberty and the pursuit of PRODUCTS. Things can never make us happy and the accumulation of wealth only aids in separating us from our common cause to be ONE SOCIETY. ONE RACE. ONE MANKIND. Until we are equal and able to see eye to eye with our most base concerns of housing, Food, education and financial well-being solved, we shall never have a society of ONE!
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|Childhood should be carefree, playing in the sun; not living a nightmare in the darkness of the soul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our sacred character develops, when we connect to source of life, the Creator.
John Guinan, The Supernatural Omnibus: Being a Collection of Stories of Apparitions, Witchcraft, Werewolves, Diabolism, Necromancy, Satanism, Divination, Sorcery, Goetry, Voodoo, Possession, Occult, Doom and Destiny|There is no man but carries in his breast the makings of a story, which, though never told, comes more home to him, than any the mind of another man can find and fashion in words("The Watcher O' The Dead")
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|What if all I ever wanted out of everything I have been chasing was not the thing itself but to be happy, to feel good?Heidi C.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|That’s what death did, it treated you like a child, like everything you had ever thought and done and cared about was just a child’s game, to be crumpled up and thrown away when it was over. It didn’t matter. Death didn’t respect you. Death thought you were bullshit, and it wanted to make sure you knew it.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|If the forest has a day of fire and the heat of the flames does not consume a special tree, it will still be changed; charred, but still standing.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|Anger is essential if one is to survive this world. It’s not just a degenerate emotion that destroys everything in its path. If it were so completely destructive, why would people of every religion in the world imbue God with it? “Don’t do that! Allah will get angry,” my aunts used to say. People use it with children all the time. Be good and avoid the wrath of those with the capacity to strike you down in an instant. Your entire life may be governed by this simple principle — Be good to avoid angering those who have more power than you.
Olga Goa|You are like the winged goddess from Greek mythology. As beautiful and soaring like an angel as her". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
John C. Maxwell|Success is...knowing your purpose in life,growing to reach your maximum potential, andsowing seeds that benefit others.
Jack Frost, Experiencing Father's Embrace|I didn't know that love is not about what we do, but who we are, convincing others of our love for them...and about who loves us.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|My childhood dream came true, but now I have a new one. I dream that some of these young people, while they're out there clicking around, maybe they'll find out about this book and find a way to get their hands on it - and when they do, they'll know that even if you're a skinny kid from Long Island who's scared of heights, if you dream of walking among the stars you can do it. They'll know that finding a purpose, being dedicated to the service of others and to a calling higher than yourself, that is what's truly important in life. They'll be able to close their eyes and imagine what it's like in space, and when they open them again, they'll look up at the sun and the moon and the Milky Way and see them with the sense of awe and wonder that they deserve.And those young boys and girls, whatever their space dream is, they'll go for it. Whatever hurdles are in their way, they'll get past them. When they fall down, they'll get back up. They'll keep going and going, working harder and harder and running faster and faster until one day, before they know it, they'll find themselves flying through the air. The hand of a giant science fiction monster will reach down and grab them by the chest and hurl them up and up and up, out to the furthest limits of the human imagination, where they'll take the next giant leap of the greatest adventure mankind has ever known.
Helen Fisher|In America, we are demanding everything from our marriage.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Grace, if you have used an iron within the last six months, I will eat that fork," Ms. Chancellor says."Which one?" I try to tease. "You've got a lot of forks to choose from.""From which to choose, Grace. Do not end your sentences in prepositions, dear.""Of course, I totally see what you're getting at. I mean, at what you're getting.
Bruce Schneier|I'm not a DJ, I don't know how to scratch and I don't know how to mix, but I do know how to party. One of my jobs is actually to travel the world and party.
Robert Frost|But bid life seize the present? It lives less in the present Than in the future always, And less in both together Than in the past. The present Is too much for the senses, Too crowding, too confusing— Too present to imagine.
J.M. Coetzee, Slow Man|The great Japanese film director Akira Kurosawa said that to be an artist means never to avert your eyes. And that's the hardest thing, because we want to flinch. The artist must go into the white hot center of himself, and our impulse when we get there is to look away and avert our eyes.
Shimon Peres|This is a global fight to get the right people in the right place and we're talking about people with PhDs in engineering, computer science, mathematics.
Melody Beattie|We Are Lovable Even if the most important person in your world rejects you, you are still real, and you are still okay. —Codependent No More Do you ever find yourself thinking: How could anyone possibly love me? For many of us, this is a deeply ingrained belief that can become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Thinking we are unlovable can sabotage our relationships with co-workers, friends, family members, and other loved ones. This belief can cause us to choose, or stay in, relationships that are less than we deserve because we don’t believe we deserve better. We may become desperate and cling as if a particular person was our last chance at love. We may become defensive and push people away. We may withdraw or constantly overreact. While growing up, many of us did not receive the unconditional love we deserved. Many of us were abandoned or neglected by important people in our life. We may have concluded that the reason we weren’t loved was because we were unlovable. Blaming ourselves is an understandable reaction, but an inappropriate one. If others couldn’t love us, or love us in ways that worked, that’s not our fault. In recovery, we’re learning to separate ourselves from the behavior of others. And we’re learning to take responsibility for our healing, regardless of the people around us. Just as we may have believed that we’re unlovable, we can become skilled at practicing the belief that we are lovable. This new belief will improve the quality of our relationships. It will improve our most important relationship: our relationship with our self. We will be able to let others love us and become open to the love and friendship we deserve. Today, help me be aware of and release any self-defeating beliefs I have about being unlovable. Help me begin, today, to tell myself that I am lovable. Help me practice this belief until it gets into my core and manifests itself in my relationships.
James Hauenstein|People think I am younger then I really am,because I act so immature.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Swimming-Pool Library|When I first met Cara, she was twelve and angry at the world. Her parents had split up, her brother was gone, and her mom was infatuated with some guy who was missing vowels in his unpronounceable last name. So I did what any other man in that situation would do: I came armed with gifts. I bought her things that I thought a twelve-year-old would love: a poster of Taylor Lautner, a Miley Cyrus CD, nail polish that glowed in the dark. "I can't wait for the next Twilight movie," I babbled, when I presented her with the gifts in front of Georgie. "My favorite song on the CD is 'If We Were a Movie.' And I almost went with glitter nail polish, but the salesperson said this is much cooler, especially with Halloween coming up."Cara looked at her mother and said, without any judgment, "I think your boyfriend is gay.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|A story is a letter that the author writes to himself, to tell himself things that he would be unable to discover otherwise.
Marine Le Pen|Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.
Mohsin Hamid|There's a rule of writing: if everything is funny, nothing is funny; if everything is sad, nothing is sad. You want that contrast.
Tyler Perry|If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another mask?
Hugh Ross, More Than a Theory: Revealing a Testable Model for Creation|What I'll think is that you are clearly, maddeningly not me. It will remind me, again, that you won't be a clone of me; you can be wonderful, a daily delight, but you won't be someone I could have created by myself.
John Lubbock, The Use Of Life|Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
Isobel Irons, Wake for Me|He's tall with shaggy blond hair and muscular arms. He's holding a twenty-dollar bill. He's muscular. And he's holding a twenty--wait, I already said that.
Brian Eshleman|By Allah, how _thankful_ he is (_yes, madam, one moment, madam_), how _gladdened_ by the thought that Magid, Magid at least, will, in a matter of four hours, be flying east from this place and its demands, its constant cravings, this place where there exists neither patience nor pity, where the people want what they want _now_, right now (_We've been waiting twenty minutes for the vegetables_), expecting their lovers, their children, their friends, and even their gods to arrive at little cost and in little time, just as table ten expect their tandoori prawns. . . .
Cory Booker|Patriotism is a love of country. If you love your country, you should love your countrymen and women. It doesn't mean you always agree with them or even like them. It is understanding that we have interwoven destiny.
Venus Williams|There is no one-size-fits-all solution to the challenges facing our cities or to the housing crisis, but the two issues need to be considered together. From an urban design and planning point of view, the well-connected open city is a powerful paradigm and an engine for integration and inclusivity.
Joseph Telushkin, Jewish Wisdom|Whoever cannot survive without taking charity, such as an old, sick, or greatly suffering individual, but who stubbornly refuses to accept aid, is guilty of murdering himself…yet one who needs charity but postpones taking it and lives in deprivation so as to not trouble the community, shall live to provide for others." —Rabbi Joseph Karo (1488–1575), Shulkhan Arukh (The Code of Jewish Law), Yoreh Deah 255:2
John F. Kennedy|There is hardly an absurdity of the past that cannot be found flourishing somewhere in the present. Underneath all civilization, ancient or modern, moved and still moves a sea of magic, superstition and sorcery. Perhaps they will remain when the works of our reason have passed away.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|I will say further, as an officer of an enormous international conglomerate, that nobody who is doing well in this economy ever even wonders waht is really going on.We are chimpanzees. We are orangutans.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|Because today, I think I'm leaning on the side of wonder.
Jorge Bucay, Déjame que te cuente|Elle wondered if he had regrets. But she didn't let herself wonder for too long. She had locked her heart up against him, and it would take something extraordinarily strong to break it open.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|At first, I thought it was only your body I wanted. But something about you has made me greedy as hell. I want everything. Your love. Your mind. Your secrets. Your soul.
Myra McEntire, Hourglass|If you were my child, I would staple you to your bedroom wall.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|I wound my arms around his neck and kissed him back, trying to capture this moment, to clasp it, so I could always remember what it felt like to hold him this way.
Leo Tolstoy, Essays, Letters and Miscellanies|If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Mark Twain|Find a job you enjoy doing, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Charmaine J. Forde|Don't let anyone control how much, and who you give to-people have a way of spending your money
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|To get to ‘yes’ from ‘no’, you may have to journey through ‘maybe’.
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|Words. Just little black marks on paper. Just sounds in the empty air. But think of the power they have! They can make you laugh or cry, love or hate, fight or run away. They can heal or hurt. They even come to look and sound like what they mean. Angry looks angry on the page. Ugly sounds ugly when you say it.
Gracia Hunter|Hunger does not come from body; it comes from mind. Once a person starts to feel hungry all the time, nothing satisfies him whatsoever. This hunger covers up all the aspects of life ... The only thing wrong in following your hunger blindly is that people never know when to stop and when to feel satisfied.
Storm Constantine, Burying the Shadow|Lift your head to me...’ His is the kiss of a timorous lover. Feel his inhuman lips on the throat, the heat of it. The bite, when it comes, is cold. Begin to sink as the blood flows into his mouth; it is almost soothing. No pain. No pain at all. His teeth grind into the muscles; ecstasy and torment. Life, the very being, is flowing out. Unholy nourishment. Holy nourishment. Drained slowly.The trauma of it feels like being torn, but it is no more than suddenly having the ability to experience reality in a different way. Waiting for the end... for what? Cannot foretell. No longer flesh, no longer blood. Soul. Free.
Corey Feldman|The truth is, I think we are a self-less society, not a selfish society. Because we're so busy now.
Charles C. Ryrie|The Bible is the greatest of all books; to study it is the noblest of all pursuits; to understand it, the highest of all goals.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|They were like her rocks. Imperfect and surprising and maybe better in the long run than certainties. Chances, she thought, were life
Wendell Berry, Given|I’ve come down from the skylike some damned ghost, delayedtoo long…To the abandoned fieldsthe trees returned and grew.They stand and grow. Time comesTo them, time goes, the treesStand; the only placeThey go is where they are.Those wholly patient ones…They do no wrong, and theyAre beautiful. What moreCould we have thought to ask?...I stand and wait for lightto open the dark night.I stand and wait for prayerto come and find me here.” Sabbaths 2000 IX
Johnny Iuzzini|I find writing very difficult. It's hard and it hurts sometimes, and it's scary because of the fear of failure and the very unpleasant feeling that you may have reached the limit of your abilities.
Adam Gopnik, Through the Children's Gate: A Home in New York|Oh, Williamsburg. There was a point when you seemed like a scary, tough neighborhood, but now it's obvious that the graffiti on your walls gets put there by art students.
Robyn Davidson, Tracks: A Woman's Solo Trek Across 1700 Miles of Australian Outback|Dogs (like rats) are multitalented but they are also not very smart the way humans are. A recent book, devoted to the intelligence of dogs, is 250+ pages long (Stanley Coren, The Intelligence of Dogs: A Guide to the Thoughts, Emotions, and Inner Lives of Our Canine Companions, 1994). Interestingly, despite careful qualifications by Coren regarding definitions, the ranking of breeds by intelligence literally made newspaper headlines. We are obviously fascinated by the notion that dogs - or at least certain breeds of dog - might, just might, be really, really smart. It all makes as much sense as evaluating humans on our ability to sniff for bombs or echo-locate.
Oprah Winfrey|When I didn't have friends, I had books.
Lily King, Euphoria|I felt in some ways we'd had some sort of sex, sex of the mind, sex of ideas, sex of words, hundreds and thousands of words...
Stasia Bliss, Blissful Musings: A Lyrical, Cosmic Dance of Embrace|Only the trees, only the trees. Like a key they see beyond the mystery, waiting patiently ever holding me while I hold the sky.
Albert Einstein|It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven symphony as a variation of wave pressure.
Stevie Ray Vaughan|Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be.
Henry Spencer|Whether solid rockets are more or less likely to fail than liquid-fuel rockets is debatable. More serious, though, is that when they do fail, it's usually violent and spectacular.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Man approaches God most nearly when he is in one sense least like God. For what can be more unlike than fullness and need, sovereignty and humility, righteousness and penitence, limitless power and a cry for help?
Sunday Adelaja|I am being a minister of light and a destroyer of ignorance and I shall never keep quiet until this horrendous mountain is pulled down in my country, in the church of Christ and in my continent.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Sometimes we may seem to be resisting letting go, when really, we just can't see a way to move forward — believing things can never change for someone as unworthy as us.
Seth Shostak|I'm in awe of the universe, but I don't necessarily believe there's an intelligence or agent behind it. I do have a passion for the visual in religious rituals, though, even though they may be completely empty and bereft of substance.
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost|They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
David Liss, The Coffee Trader|In general, nine-tenths of our happiness depends on our health alone.
Lily Graham, The Cornish Escape|If you're going to make the past your present, be prepared for a lifetime of dust ...
Christopher Milne, The Enchanted Places|There are a hundred ways in which a boy can injure—if not indeed kill—himself. The more adventurous he is and the greater his initiative, the more ways he will find. If you protect him from each of the first hundred, he is sure to find the hundred and first. Though most men can look back on their boyhood and tremble at the narrowness of some of their escapes, most boys do in fact survive more or less intact, and the wise father is the trusting father.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Failure generates its own majesty. Defeat becomes a panoptic stain on the soul; it creates its own all-embracing pathos. Reverses engulf us in fleshy feelings of self-pity, sorrow, and apathy. Resounding setbacks might even be subtlety attractive because it means we can give up trying. It is tempting to accept defeat, surrender to our insecurities, and admit that because of failing to accomplish one particular goal that the best part of our life was wasted. Cynically writing ourselves off as a failure, we are free to capitulate to the emptiness of our lives.
Publilius Syrus|There are no such things as applied sciences, only applications of science.
Rachael Bermingham|Parenting is a giant responsibility forever, so we need to learn how to drop the guilt and go easy on ourselves when we mess up.
Pasi Ilmari Jääskeläinen, The Rabbit Back Literature Society|Are writers the torchbearers of humanity? It’s a romantic idea, but it’s complete rubbish. We writers are the crocodiles in the river.
George Gurdjieff|I can't understand people calling themselves religious and being hateful. If a preacher is preaching hate, to fear God that's not religion, that's not helping humanity, that's organizing an army to defeat somebody.
Sinclair Lewis|When life partner happens, I hope he is not a youth icon then because I doubt even I would be youthful then. Whether life partner is hot or not, that doesn't matter. He has to be a nice man. He should be funny, responsible, and he should be sweet, and he should love me a lot.
Sri Chinmoy|I enjoy jokes, smiling, and making people smile. I may be a little different, but that's OK, who wants to be normal anyway?
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Making up for lost time?""Yes," I say. "A lot of things were stolen from my childhood. Lots of important things. And now I have to get them back." "In order to keep on living."I
Amanda Bretz, Finding Justus and Love in Greener Pastures|Afterwards, as he held me and stroked my hair, my body was singing with pleasure, I couldn’t believe I had waited so long. I thought of how we had wasted a whole year we could have had together and I felt so sad I wanted to cry.
David Almond, Skellig|Snow is diamonds for a faery's feet;Blithely and bonnily she trips along,Her lips a-carol with a merry song,And in her eyes the meaning... Life is sweet!
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|Besides, a life without freedom to choose is not worth having.
Ingrid Newkirk|I decided blacks should not have to experience the difficulties I had faced, so I decided to open a flying school and teach other black women to fly.
Harini Gopalswami Srinivasan, Gind: The Magical Adventures of a Vanara|Cleanliness is a freedom movement for an aspiring Nation. Culture of cleanliness will influence the heygine, health, asthetics and natural setting of the nation, which is a new age currency of a country.
Don Herold|The brighter you are, the more you have to learn.
Edna  Robinson, The Trouble with the Truth|There is no such thing as a beauty contest . . . Beauty is noncompetitive. Beauty of any kind stands alone, unmatched, inimitable, uncontested.
Gillian Clarke, At the Source: A Writer's Year|There's a side to all writers that loves nothing better than a book, a big chair, a window.
Matt Fraction, Thor: Ages of Thunder|Gods are great," said Atsula, slowly, as if she were imparting a great secret. "But the heart is greater. For it is from our hearts they come, and to our hearts they shall return...
John Green, Paper Towns|We do not realize how deeply our starting assumptions affect the way we go about looking for and interpreting the data we collect. We should recognize that nonhuman organisms need not meet every new definition of human language, tool use, mind, or consciousness in order to have versions of their own that are worthy of serious study. We have set ourselves too much apart, grasping for definitions that will distinguish man from all other life on the planet. We must rejoin the great stream of life from whence we arose and strive to see within it the seeds of all we are and all we may become.
Mary Oliver|I believe you did not have a happy life.I believe you were cheated.I believe your best friends were loneliness and misery.I believe your busiest enemies were anger and depression.I believe joy was a game you could never play without stumbling.I believe comfort, though you craved it, was forever a stranger.I believe music had to be melancholy or not at all.I believe no trinket, no precious metal, shone so bright as your bitterness.I believe you lay down at last in your coffin none the wiser and unassuaged.Oh, cold and dreamless under the wild, amoral, reckless, peaceful flowers of the hillsides.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Passion stimulates you, love intoxicates you, marriage sobers you, and parenthood tries you.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Yet somehow the thing that startled me most, after a week or two had passed, was that I had in fact survived.
Debasish Mridha|When I am in nature, my heart dances with butterflies and sings along with flowers.
Charlotte Munro, Skeletons in The Closet [A Horror Collection]|No. No… No!’ the fear ebbed my voice, cut through me like a knife. I ran, bare feet slipping and sliding over the floorboards. I turned the corner and headed for the backdoor.Run. Run. I must run.As soon as I reached the backdoor in the kitchen, pulling the barn door from the hinges, I felt his gaze upon me. Cinders and kindling crunched at my feet; what had once been my lovely mahogany kitchen furniture was now little more than firewood. My crockery and china splintered in shards and as I turned to face him, I felt them dig into my skin, cut me with every shiver that bolted through my frame.‘You wanted Hemlock House. You have, Hemlock House.’ His voice was dark, cruel and yet hauntingly light. As if cooing, whispering to a newborn. He was lounging against the countertop as if waiting for breakfast, as if waiting for something so meaningless.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|He was close enough now to see that her profile was designed to do dramatic things to hearts: stop them, steal them, break them.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|Forget-me-nots... She loved those flowers more than any other in their big beautiful garden or in the whole wide world for that matter. They were sky blue, just like his eyes, they held a promise... Forget me not.
Plato, The Trial and Death of Socrates|So that when man can be in great distress having been betrayed and deserted by all friends he may find consolation in the idea that an ever true friend was still there to help him, to support him and that He was Almighty and could do anything. The idea of God is helpful to man in distress.Society has to fight out this belief as well as was fought the idol worship and the narrow conception of religion. Similarly, when man tries to stand on his own legs, and become a realist he shall have to throw the faith aside, and to face manfully all the distress, trouble, in which the circumstances may throw him.
Poppet, Sveta|A man who is obviously too handsome for his own good smiles at me. His eyes are mischievous, as if he's harboring wicked thoughts and is tempted to subject me to them.I hold his dark gaze for a moment too long, and then pin my focus back on the
Charlotte Brontë|I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Dominic Riccitello|As he stood in the darkness, his eyes glistened and that’s when I knew my light found its traction.
Erica Chilson, Jaded|I’m sure you can manage from here”, and without a further word, he walked out of her room, then let himself out of her flat.
Lyz Kelley, Blinded|Speaking of cupcakes, Will wants two dozen off your special menu to take on the road after the wedding.”		“The, erm, peach kind?”	“The peach kind,” Lindsey said.	“I like the peach kind,” Josh said.	Mikey had named them Sex on a Peach. And they were Kimmie’s second biggest seller, after the Hairy Dicks, which were coconut cake balls strategically placed with Dahlia’s chocolate-covered, ice cream-filled bananas.	And Josh’s frown had disappeared, and now he was grinning as if he knew it.	All of it.
Prabhukrishna M|Hitler not from a woman is born, but from the men bitterness.(Hitler n'est pas né d'une femme, - Mais de l'amertume des hommes)
Anne Hutchinson|Memory is a complicated thing, a relative to truth, but not its twin.
Criss Jami, Healology|Of all individuals, the hated, the shunned, and the peculiar are arguably most themselves. They wear no masks whatsoever in order to be accepted and liked; they do seem most guarded, but only by their own hands: as compared to the populace, they are naked.
GoalsRider|She don't only believe in Shoes & cars.... She do believe in Super Star. That's the kind of girl you need bro, the girl that will believe in you & support your career.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The mind will enchain yourself, others or both. Your heart will set you / them free
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|Thus Carol hit upon the tragedy of old age, which is not that it is less vigorous than youth, but that it is not needed by youth...
John Burley|That's my little piece of heaven. Go ahead."Ciro followed Remo through the open door to a small enclosed garden. Terra-cotta pots positioned along the top of the stone wall spilled over with red geraniums and orange impatiens. An elm tree with a wide trunk and deep roots filled the center of the garden. Its green leaves and thick branches reached past the roof of Remo's building, creating a canopy over the garden. There was a small white marble birdbath, gray with soot, flanked by two deep wicker armchairs. Remo fished a cigarette out of his pocket, offering another to Ciro as both men took a seat. "This is where I come to think.""Va bene," Ciro said as he looked up into the tree. He remembered the thousands of trees that blanketed the Alps; here on Mulberry Street, one tree with peeling gray bark and holes in its leaves was cause for celebration.
Sigrid Undset, Catherine of Siena|It seems to her [Saint Catherine of Siena] that the devil has this world in his power, not by his own will, for he is powerless, but through our help because we obey him. The evil aroma rising from the ... wars which are waged by Christians against Christians, are the same as war against God. ... Peace, peace, for the sake of the love of the crucified Christ, and not war; that is the only solution.
Sam|they'd become unaccustomed to the brightness of their own city, and, faced with it now in all its intensity, they cupped their hands over their eyes as if staring into the sun.
Willa Valentine|Add Snow White and her seven dwarfs,2 droids for Luke Skywalker, of course.1 true ring to rule them all. A decimal is a place to stall.Snow White's gone, the dwarfs alone.This system your next clue has shown.Now you might ask, this little key, Just what does it mean for me?Hold on tight and you will see, Someday it will set clues free.
Paul Tillich|It's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.
Nathan Fillion|'Castle' is a guy living in a fantasy world. He's in his imagination, writing these stories of murder.
Taylor Swift|I used to do crazy things that people would bail me out of, and I'm just grateful that I survived. But the music got very lost; I didn't know where I was going, and I didn't really care. I was more into just having a good time, and I think it showed.
Paul Laurence Dunbar|No sun—no moon! No morn—no noon—No dawn— No sky—no earthly view— No distance looking blue—No road—no street—no "t'other side the way"— No end to any Row— No indications where the Crescents go— No top to any steeple—No recognitions of familiar people— No courtesies for showing 'em— No knowing 'em!No traveling at all—no locomotion,No inkling of the way—no notion— "No go"—by land or ocean— No mail—no post— No news from any foreign coast—No park—no ring—no afternoon gentility— No company—no nobility—No warmth, no cheerfulness, no healthful ease, No comfortable feel in any member—No shade, no shine, no butterflies, no bees,No fruits, no flowers, no leaves, no birds, November!
–Etty Hillesum|Positive emotions and mental states may make people more resilient to stress, like sturdy tree branches that bend but don’t break when battered by a storm
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|My God, Sage. Your eyes. How have I never noticed them?"That uncomfortable feeling was spreading over me again. "What about them?""The color," he breathed. "When you stand in the light. They're amazing... like molten gold. I could paint those..." He reached toward me but then pulled back. "They're beautiful. You're beautiful.
Amy Leigh Mercree|A kind thought, word, or action creates infinite ripples of caring, consideration, and peace.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|ALL that man has touched, will be used... For both Good and evil. Such is the way of the world.
Cicero|Work is a substitute "religious" experience for many workaholics.
Ellen J. Barrier|We have the ability to write the blueprint for our own goals, and decide how we want to pursue them. If we allow others to do it for us, we won’t achieve our full potential to be the best we can be.
Karlheinz Stockhausen|The right of each individual in any relation to secure to himself the full benefits of his intelligence, his capacity, his industry and skill are among the inalienable inheritances of humanity.
Joyce Rachelle|Every morning I tell myself, "I'll sleep early tonight." And every night I say, "One more chapter.
Stuart A. Kauffman, At Home in the Universe: The Search for the Laws of Self-Organization and Complexity|Pick up a pinecone and count the spiral rows of scales. You may find eight spirals winding up to the left and 13 spirals winding up to the right, or 13 left and 21 right spirals, or other pairs of numbers. The striking fact is that these pairs of numbers are adjacent numbers in the famous Fibonacci series: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21... Here, each term is the sum of the previous two terms. The phenomenon is well known and called phyllotaxis. Many are the efforts of biologists to understand why pinecones, sunflowers, and many other plants exhibit this remarkable pattern. Organisms do the strangest things, but all these odd things need not reflect selection or historical accident. Some of the best efforts to understand phyllotaxis appeal to a form of self-organization. Paul Green, at Stanford, has argued persuasively that the Fibonacci series is just what one would expects as the simplest self-repeating pattern that can be generated by the particular growth processes in the growing tips of the tissues that form sunflowers, pinecones, and so forth. Like a snowflake and its sixfold symmetry, the pinecone and its phyllotaxis may be part of order for free
C. JoyBell C.|It's like I am inside this ethereal sphere wherein exists no logic, no reasoning, no typicality, no explanations, no realism, no comparisons, nothing ordinary, and no normalcy. And then if you are to understand me, you have to step into my realm and leave all of those things behind. I'm not typical. I'm not ordinary. And I'm not normal. And I never will be ‎. So I don't see the point of waking up in the morning and wishing to be so.
Suleika Jaouad|The most powerful channel of communicationis still, "The Heart" !
Ian Frazier|I think what is important for things to be funny is if you the listener, or the reader, get a chance to supply the humor of it yourself.
Douglas Adams|Can't stand all these poisonous creatures, all these snakes and insects and fish and things. Wretched things, biting everybody. And then people expect me to tell them what to do about it. I'll tell them what to do. Don't get bitten in the first place. (quoting Dr. Struan Sutherland)
John Milton|Is this the region, this the soil, the clime,Said then the lost Archangel, this the seatThat we must change for heav'n, this mournful gloomFor that celestial light? Be it so since he Who now is sovereign can dispose and bid What shall be right. Farthest from him is best Whom reason hath equaled force hath made supreme Above his equals. Farewell happy fieldsWhere joy forever dwells. Hail horrors HailInfernal world, and thou profoundest hellReceive thy new possessor, one who bringsA mind not to be changed by place or timeThe mind is its own place and in itselfCan make a heav'n of hell, a hell of heav'n.What matter where if I be still the sameAnd what I should be--All but less than heWhom thunder hath made greater. Here at leastWe shall be free. Th' Almighty hath not builtHere for his envy will not drive us hence.Here we may reign supreme, and in my choiceTo reign is worth ambition, though in hell.Better to reign in hell than serve in Heav'n.But wherefore let we then our faithful friends,Th'associates and co-partners of our lossLie thus astonished on th' oblivious pool.And call them not to share with us their partIn this unhappy mansion? Or, once more,With rallying arms, to try what may be yetRegained in heav'n or what more lost in hell!
Katrina Kaif|Life isn't black and white. It's a million gray areas, don't you find?
William Stringfellow, A second birthday|When I write that my own situation in those months of pain and decision can be described as prayer, I do not only recall that during that time I sometimes read the Psalms and they became my psalms, or that, as I have also mentioned, I occasionally cried “Jesus” and that name was my prayer, but I mean that I also at times would shout “Fuck!” and that was no obscenity, but a most earnest prayerful utterance.In the final analysis, no matter what the vocabulary of prayer, or where muteness displaces words in prayer, the content—what is communicated by a person in the world before God—in prayer is in each and every circumstance the same and it can be put plainly in one word: Help!That is the word of Gethsemane’s prayer; that is the word of the Lord’s Prayer; that is the prayer when Christ repeats the Twenty-second Psalm from the cross.It is the prayer of Christ interceding for all people, and it is the prayer of a human creature acknowledging God’s vocation in affirming the life which God has called into being.
Auliq Ice|Fight fire with fire, only adds more negative energy to the situation, making it worse.
Ron Chernow, Alexander Hamilton|The British were unhinged by the colonists' unorthodox fighting style and shocking failure to abide by gentlemanly rules of engagement. One scandalized British soldier complained that the American riflemen 'conceal themselves behind trees etc. till an opportunity presents itself of taking a shot at our advance sentries, which done, they immediately retreat. What an unfair method of carrying on a war!
Steve Maraboli|Don’t give up! Remember, we love to be enchanted by flowers in bloom… but don’t forget that it took many rainy days to achieve such beauty. Your bloom is coming!
David O. McKay, Pathways to Happiness|Happiness consists not of having, but of being; not of possessing, but of enjoying. It is a warm glow of the heart at peace with itself. A martyr at the stake may have happiness that a king on his throne might envy. Man is the creator of his own happiness. It is the aroma of life, lived in harmony with high ideals. For what a man has he may be dependent upon others; what he is rests with him alone.
Mike Carey|Judge a person not by how he treats you, but how he treats others. The former reflects what he wants you to think of him, the latter truly reflects who he is.
Jay E. Adams, Godliness Through Discipline|For the being, maybe. But for the spirit, there are no quick sands.
Frederick Franck, A Little Compendium on That Which Matters|On the exoteric level the traditions are irreconcilable. On the esoteric, experiential level of the heart reigns an eloquent, reverential silence.
Ronald Frame, Havisham|That’s what friends are for,” Sheba
Petronius Arbiter, The Satyricon|A well-adjusted person wouldn't talk much. There's not a lot to be said about most of life. Most days, weeks, years, lives, nothing happens... and still we carry on chattering at each other.
Florence King|A woman must wait for her ovaries to die before she can get her rightful personality back. Post-menstrual is the same as pre-menstrual; I am once again what I was before the age of twelve: a female human being who knows that a month has thirty day, not twenty-five, and who can spend every one of them free of the shackles of that defect of body and mind known as femininity.
Ann Patchett, This Is the Story of a Happy Marriage|... the story of my marriage, which is the great joy and astonishment of my life, is too much like a fairy tale, the German kind, unsweetened by Disney.
Meghan Markle|I was in a number of school plays, one in particular, when I was 13 or 14, entitled 'Illusions.' It was put together by one of the teachers, and was about famous historical figures. I had to do the Martin Luther King 'I have a dream' speech, and some black women in the audience were clapping and crying and whooping.
David W. Earle|Many of the habits of dysfunctional families use are not from the lack of love but are the result of fear. Knowing the love-limiting habits and behaviors of dysfunctional families is a wonderful beginning to lower the fear, allowing us to be real, allowing us all to learn how to love better.
Paul Gibbons, Reboot Your Life: A 12-day Program for Ending Stress, Realizing Your Goals, and Being More Productive|A vision inspires, aligns, and directs. it says to other people, "here is what I am up to, come and play in my sandbox!
Juan Felipe Herrera|Poetry, as odd as it is, and as hard to figure out as it is, many times, it's almost something that we're used to. It's kind of like a dream language that we had centuries ago, so that when we speak poetically or write a poem about what's going on, a real difficult issue that's facing our communities, people listen.
George Muller|Here is just the beginning of a list of skills that exam results cannot possibly hope to reflect: interpersonal skills, the ability to entertain, how articulate we are as speakers, our ability to work as part of a team, the ability to deal with challenges and invention.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|I knew I couldn’t let her go, not again, especially then that I knew she would not ever come back if she did.
Cesare Pavese|Even if you can't afford to travel the world, you can take your children to the museum, zoo or local park. And don't be afraid to take them to grown-up spots. Eating out in a restaurant teaches children how to be quiet and polite and gives them the pleasure of knowing you trust them to behave.
Paul     Murray|Since when has love ever looked for reasons, or evidence? Why would love bow to the reality of things, when it creates a reality of its own, so much more vivid, wherein everything resonates to the key of the heart?
C.S. Lewis|Poor girl," I said, letting my eyes lock with hers for a moment before turning to face Cin again, weaving my hand possessively around his waist. "This is probably the first time she's ever seen anyone having fun before. I suppose we shouldn't blame her for being jealous.
Paula Altenburg, I'll Love You Forever|The open zipper at the bottom revealed two important details: her ass was as luscious as he had imagined, and she wasn't wearing any panties. His palms started to sweat. How was he supposed to fasten her dress when all he wanted to do was tear it off?
Ken Liu, The Man Who Ended History: A Documentary|... We would be foolish to say of Miss Moss, for example, that the words female and store owner and tall and thirtyish and kindly an unmarried describe much of real substance about her, isn't that so? A great deal of who she really is are stories we do not know, stories she may or may not share, stories perhaps even she does not know the meaning and shape of quite yet. People are stories aren't they? And their stories keep changing and opening and closing and braiding and weaving and stitching and slamming to a halt and finding new doors and windows through which to tell themselves, isn't that so? Isn't that what happens to you all the time? It used to be when you were little that other people told you stories about yourself and where you came from, but then you begin to tell your own story, and you find that your story keeps changing in thrilling and painful ways and it's never in one place. Maybe each of us is a sort of village with lots of different beings living together under one head of hair, around the river of your pulse, the crossroads of who you were and who you wish to be.
C.J. Milbrandt, Aboard the Train|The smaller girl hid her eyes with her hands, and Ewan smiled. Did she think that would make her invisible?
Magan Vernon, Life, Love, & Lemons|When I was laying there in his arms nothing else mattered. My parents, my lack of funds, everything just seemed to melt away as I was lost in his lips"- Bentley Evans
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|To look after my body, to pay it respect. To question my mind, which doesn't understand half as much as it thinks it does. To understand that the time spent in the gap between the endless stories we tell ourselves is the present.These days, I care more about being peaceful and happy than about being in love. I'm not sure love is love if it consumes you, if it dominates your thoughts.
T.K. Naliaka|Despite 4,000 years of proven usefulness, quarantines seem to be to modern international public health experts as garlic is to a vampire.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|My insides contract- bad. "who are you?" I ask right out loud. And he says what I've been afraid of since I killed Lester's father. Haven't you guessed? I'm you. The real you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I wish I could fall asleep. But with a good book in my hands, I stay awake to finish reading.
Rachel Vincent, Reaper|Can’t clean up after you anymore, baby brother, so don’t punk out. Make it count.
Richard Dawkins|When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?
Abraham Verghese|What we need in medical schools is not to teach empathy, as much as to preserve it - the process of learning huge volumes of information about disease, of learning a specialized language, can ironically make one lose sight of the patient one came to serve; empathy can be replaced by cynicism.
Debasish Mridha|When there is harmony between thoughts and deeds, there is peace.
David Herbet|What was the power that induced strong soldiers to put off their jackets and shirts, and present their hands to be tied up, and tortured for hours, it might be, under the scourge, with an air of ready volition? The moral coercion of despair; the result of an unconscious calculation of chances that satisfies them that it is ultimately better to do all that, bad as it is, than try the alternative. These unconscious calculations are going on every day with each of us, and the results embody themselves in our lives; and no one knows that there has been a process and a balance struck, and that what they see, and very likely blame, is by the fiat of an invisible but quite irresistible power.
Ashton Eaton|When did I know I had talent? I think it started when I first started playing sports, organized sports.
Rehan Gillani|Your Attention is your Investment. The Smarter you Invest, The Better Your ROI will be.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|Appreciate what is in front of you, cherish your family and friends. tell them you love them each and every day! Remember, it can all change in the blink of an eye. Live without regret!
Lewis Thomas|I'll bring colleges and industry together to develop new products in marine science, green technology, and medical devices, and to train our workers to fill those jobs... We need to get Rhode Islanders back to work.
Fawn Bonning, The Leader of Lors|I am with you because I want to be, not because I need you. It's my will be with you. And that makes it much stronger, because God knows I'm as stubborn as they come.
Publilius Syrus|The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|Like a prayer, that was how her name sounded on his lips. She took his face in her hands, finding his eyes blazing, his breathing as ragged as her own
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|Her anger was rekindled.'You see, I keep it to myself, but, oh! it's more than I can stand. Don't say anything, sir; don't say anything , or I'll explode!'He said nothing, and she exploded all the same.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|The letter we all love to receive is one that carries so much of the writer’s personality that she seems to be sitting beside us, looking at us directly and talking just as she really would, could she have come on a magic carpet, instead of sending her proxy in ink-made characters on mere paper.
Ernest Dimnet|It is the paradox of life that the way to miss pleasure is to seek it first. The very first condition of lasting happiness is that a life should be full of purpose, aiming at something outside self.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|At the end of it all, it is our relationship with people that will determine whether they will share in our pain if we fall into dangers.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I woke up dead.Not only dead...but in hell.I had always been somewhat sketchy on what the afterlife - were there actually such a thing - would be like for a person such as I. From all accounts and all my imaginings, I figured it would be one of two things. Either I would be surrounded by great, burning masses that were endlessly immolating souls in torment... or else I would find myself trapped within my own mind as a helpless bystander, condemned to watching me live out my life over and over again and powerless to do anything to change any of it. When idle speculation prompted me to dwell on these two options, I would find myself drawn invariably to the former, since the later was just too hideous to contemplate....I was almost afraid to open my eyes, because once I did, I would know one way or the other. Perhaps I could have just lain there forever. Perhaps I was supposed to. Perhaps that was my true condemnation: to simply reside in hell with my eyes closed afraid of opening them lest matters deteriorate even further than they already had. This, in turn, made me dwell on the fact that every time I had believed things couldn’t get worse, they promptly had done so with almost gleeful enthusiasm .
Edith Wharton|I don't want them to think that we dress like savages,' she replied, with a scorn that Pocahontas might have resented; and he was struck again by the religious reverence of even the most unworldly American women for the social advantages of dress.'It's their armour,' he thought, 'their defence against the unknown, and their defiance of it.' And he understood for the first time the earnestness with which May, who was incapable of tying a ribbon in her hair to charm him, had gone through the solemn rite of selecting and ordering her extensive wardrobe.
bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center|If one assumes, as I do, that battery is caused by the belief permeating this culture that hierarchical rule and coercive authority are natural, then all our relationships tend to be based on power and domination, and thus all forms of battery are linked.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every time, I am lost and said a little prayer, I divine force, reach out to help me find my way.
S.W. Lothian|Still, I could find no good reason for not going. So I decided to go.
