Ozzy Osbourne|I love music of all kinds, but there's no greater music than the sound of my grandchildren laughing; my kids, too.
Onyi Anyado|Dream × Vision × Time(sacrifices) × Work(persistence) = SuccessIf you miss any of them, remember any sum/number multiplied by zero is = 0Like·Comment·Share
Yvonne Collins, Girl v. Boy|All I know is, he found out you left and he locked himself in the shed and barricaded the door. No one's seen him since," Doug said. "When I bolted, Sean and Evan were trying to boost Caleb up onto the roof so he could look through the skylight and make sure the kid wasn't dead or something.
Jon Krakauer, Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith|Although the far territory of the extreme can exert an intoxicating pull on susceptible individuals of all bents, extremism seems to be especially prevalent among those inclined by temperament or upbringing toward religious pursuits. Faith is the very antithesis of reason, injudiciousness a crucial component of spiritual devotion. And when religious fanaticism supplants ratiocination, all bets are suddenly off.
Nadia Scrieva, Fathoms of Forgiveness|Each meeting occurs at the precise moment for which it was meant. Usually, when it will have the greatest impact on our lives.
Len Wein|On the whole, I think you should write biographies of those you admire and respect, and novels about human beings who you think are sadly mistaken.
Avina Celeste|Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|Cupping one of her cheeks, he swiped at the wetness. “Would you want to live without me?”Tears flowing freely, she shook her head.“Then don’t expect me to live without you. You’re mine, Fiona. Have been from the moment I laid eyes on you, from the moment you tried to warn me off fighting your brother because you were worried I’d get hurt. Don’t you dare expect me to live a life without you! You go into the afterlife? So do I. Simple as that. If we have a day left, I want to enjoy every second of it with you.
Craig Ferguson|Okay, now I know your yanking my chain. Pigs will fly before Blake would ask for our help." Rhoan"Better start ducking those flying piggies then, bro, because I'm totally serious." Riley
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|A joker is a little fool who is different from everyone else. He's not a club, diamond, heart, or spade. He's not an eight or a nine, a king or a jack. He is an outsider. He is placed in the same pack as the other cards, but he doesn't belong there. Therefore, he can be removed without anybody missing him.
Celeste Ng, Little Fires Everywhere|And you know who's especially stupid? People who look at how unexceptional and bland and boring they are and say, "You know how I can remedy this? I will take solace in the accomplishments of my entire race. That way, I can draw attention away from the fact that I personally have not accomplished shit!
Italo Calvino|…Marco’s answers and objections took their place in a discourse already proceeding on its own, in the Great Khan’s head. That is to say, between the two of them it did not matter whether questions and solutions were uttered aloud or whether each of the two went on pondering in silence. In fact, they were silent, their eyes half-closed, reclining on cushions, swaying in hammocks, smoking long amber pipes.Marco Polo imagined answering (or Kublai Khan imagined his answer) that the more one was lost in unfamiliar quarters of distant cities, the more one understood the other cities he had crossed to arrive there…
Franz Kafka, Letters to Milena|I long for you; I who usually longs without longing, as though I am unconscious and absorbed in neutrality and apathy, really, utterly long for every bit of you.
Robert D. Putnam, Our Kids: The American Dream in Crisis|Upper-class parents enable their kids to form weak ties by exposing them more often to organized activities, professionals, and other adults. Working-class children, on the other hand, are more likely to interact regularly only with kin and neighborhood children, which limits their formation of valuable weak ties.
Alexis Tiger|Relationships are messy and painful, and hard to maintain. It takes time build, but only seconds to destroy.
Rashida Jones|I've developed a theory that there's an inverse relationship between money and imagination. That if you've got lots of imagination then you don't really need much money, and if you've got lots of money then you won't bother with much imagination.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|You're a man, man. That means seeing two rocks on the ground that kind of look like tits will arouse you.
David Brion Davis, Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World|What matters is that Southern slaves, at least on the larger plantations, created their own African American culture, which helped to preserve some of the more crucial areas of life and thought from white control or domination without significantly reducing the productivity and profitability of slave labor. Living within this African American culture, sustained by strong community ties, many slaves were able to maintain a certain sense of apartness, of pride, and of independent identity.
Shannon L. Alder|It isn't what you will do for your children that makes you a great mother or father. It is what you do for God that isn't self serving, which sets the stage for children to learn to care about something other than what is expected.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A true mother is known for her compassion, love and passion; she is everly dedicated to her calling.
Candace Bushnell|A kiss that is never tasted, is forever and ever wasted.
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|...fear and pain are immediate, and that, when they're gone, we're left with the concept, but not the true memory--why else...would anyone give birth more than once?
Jaroslav Hašek, The Good Soldier Švejk|The lieutenant’s fooling around again with the telegraph girl at the station,” said the corporal, after he had gone. “He’s been running after her for a fortnight and he’s always frightfully furious when he comes from the telegraph office and he says about her: “She’s a whore. She won’t sleep with me!
Akshay Vasu|He stood in a room, looking around, seeing thousands of himself. He banged the walls made of mirrors, but they wouldn't break. Thier laugh filled his heart and with fear, he curled up and sat there. And then She came out of nowhere and wrapped her arm around him. She held his hand, together they got up and walked towards a wall. He raised his head and looked at the reflections, but all he saw there was only him. She turned and smiled at him and touched the wall. It cracked and shattered into pieces. She inside him broke all the walls around him. He was free, he was not held and haunted by his reflections anymore.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|If you emulate the behaviours of confident people, you will help yourself to become confident.
Brian Tracy|Be a lifelong student. The more you learn, the more you earn and the more self-confidence you will have.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America, Part Two: Perestroika|Night flight to San Francisco; chase the moon across America. God, it’s been years since I was on a plane. When we hit 35,000 feet we’ll have reached the tropopause, the great belt of calm air, as close as I’ll ever get to the ozone. I dreamed we were there. The plane leapt the tropopause, the safe air, and attained the outer rim, the ozone, which was ragged and torn, patches of it threadbare as old cheesecloth, and that was frightening. But I saw something that only I could see because of my astonishing ability to see such things: Souls were rising, from the earth far below, souls of the dead, of people who had perished, from famine, from war, from the plague, and they floated up, like skydivers in reverse, limbs all akimbo, wheeling and spinning. And the souls of these departed joined hands, clasped ankles, and formed a web, a great net of souls, and the souls were three-atom oxygen molecules of the stuff of ozone, and the outer rim absorbed them and was repaired. Nothing’s lost forever. In this world, there’s a kind of painful progress. Longing for what we’ve left behind, and dreaming ahead. At least I think that’s so.
Tom Hardy|I'm glad to have shown myself able to do other things rather than people thinking, 'Oh, he'll just do the same as his dad.' Dad was a brilliant actor, but it just so happened he was five foot five and a half, fat and bald.
Carrie Jones, Endure|If you took the world away and just left the elctricity, it would look like the most exquisite filigree ever made - a ball of twinkling silver lines with the occasional coruscating spike of a satellite beam. Even the dark areas would glow with radar and commercial radio waves. It could be the nervous system of a great beast.
Todd K. Shackelford and Aaron T. Goetz|Sexual conflict occurs when one mating partner has an opportunity to increase its fitness at a cost to the other partner. On a genetic level, most sexual conflicts are interlocus conflicts that mainly concern the outcome of male-female interactions about the mating rate, fertility efficiency, relative parental effort, remating behavior, and female reproductive rate. In sexually antagonistic evolution, a trait that affords advantage to one sex is disadvantageous to the other. An example is the sexual arms race that evolves when resistance in one sex drives the evolution of coercive traits in the other sex. Without the restrictions of natural selection, this process may lead to a runaway amplification of male and female traits. The coevolutionary arms races between adaptations in one sex and counteradaptations in the other sex can be made visible by experimentally arresting evolution in one sex.
Genevieve Dewey, Second of All|Speaking generally, however, when you interact with someone else, you are doing outer work (physical time, play time, connecting time) ... as many sociologists have pointed out, this area of life used to dominate everyday existence, at a time when families sat around the fire of an evening and ate every meal together. That's no longer true. Families today are often loose constellations. Contact is intermittent and rushed. everyone has their own space. Activity is scattered all around town, not confined to the home. Cars have made everyone mobile, but central heating may be the most powerful force in shaping modern society.
E.F. Benson, Miss Mapp|At my lowest point, when things were at their most desperate and uncomfortable, I always found myself in the company of Australians, who were like a reminder that I'd touched bottom.
Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven|Well,” she finally said, “he’s coming back shortly, so you are absolved of your responsibilities.” “No.” The word came from him like an oath, emerging from the very core of his being. She looked at him in impatient confusion. “What do you mean?” He stepped forward. He wasn’t sure what he was doing. He knew only that he couldn’t stop. “I mean no. I don’t want to be absolved.” Her lips parted. He took another step. His heart was pounding, and something within him had gone hot, and greedy, and if there was anything in the world besides her, besides him—he did not know it. “I want you,” he said, the words blunt, and almost harsh, but absolutely, indelibly true. “I want you,” he said again, and he reached out and took her hand. “I want you.” “Marcus, I—” “I want to kiss you,” he said, and he touched one finger to her lips. “I want to hold you.” And then, because he couldn’t have kept it inside for one second longer, he said, “I burn for you.” He took her face in his hands and he kissed her. He kissed her with everything that had been building within him, every last aching, hungry burst of desire. Since the moment he had realized he loved her, this passion had been growing within him. It had probably been there all along, just waiting for him to realize it. He loved her.
Tom Stoppard, Travesties|An artist is the magician put among men to gratify--capriciously--their urge for immortality. The temples are built and brought down around him, continuously and contiguously, from Troy to the fields of Flanders. If there is any meaning in any of it, it is in what survives as art, yes even in the celebration of tyrants, yes even in the celebration of nonentities. What now of the Trojan War if it had been passed over by the artist's touch? Dust. A forgotten expedition prompted by Greek merchants looking for new markets. A minor redistribution of broken pots. But it is we who stand enriched, by a tale of heroes, of a golden apple, a wooden horse, a face that launched a thousand ships--and above all, of Ulysses, the wanderer, the most human, the most complete of all heroes--husband, father, son, lover, farmer, soldier, pacifist, politician, inventor and adventurer...
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|It is generally supposed, and not least by Catholics, that the Catholic who writes fiction is out to use fiction to prove the truth of the Faith, or at the least, to prove the existence of the supernatural. He may be. No one certainly can be sure of his low motives except as they suggest themselves in his finished work, but when the finished work suggests that pertinent actions have been fraudulently manipulated or overlooked or smothered, whatever purposes the writer started out with have already been defeated. What the fiction writer will discover, if he discovers anything at all, is that he himself cannot move or mold reality in the interests of an abstract truth. The writer learns, perhaps more quickly than the reader, to be humble in the face of what-is. What-is is all he has to do with; the concrete is his medium; and he will realize eventually that fiction can transcend its limitations only by staying within them.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|I'm trying to keep you safe." Safe as a porcelain bowl wrapped in cotton linen and boxed up. It would be a lie to say she didn't want to feel safe, or that Nolan's worry didn't leave her feeling warm and even a bit precious. But it also left her feeling trapped, like an ornamental bird kept in a cage, its wings clipped.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|History written in pencil is easily erased, but crayon is forever.
Katelyne Parker, Hosanna|If you want to wed two people better, kill misunderstanding !
Pam Brown|A friendship can weather most things and thrive in thin soil; but it needs a little mulch of letters and phone calls and small, silly presents every so often - just to save it from drying out completely.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|No one can do everything, but everyone can do something.
Tom Brokaw|With age, you get to a place where you don't want to knock people out. You just want to give people a hug.
Cyndi Goodgame|In a world where PG 13 means kinda-sorta-depends on your level of morals, I don’t wish to loosen our kids’ morals just because some adults choose to say, “They are going to see it anyway.” If we don’t show them that integrity is something you should always have in the back of your mind, then we’ve given up on them.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Please stop. If you keep chipping off little pieces of my heart, soon there will be no heart left with which to love you.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|Here is Menard's own intimate forest: 'Now I am traversed by bridle paths, under the seal of sun and shade...I live in great density...Shelter lures me. I slump down into the thick foliage...In the forest, I am my entire self. Everything is possible in my heart just as it is in the hiding places in ravines. Thickly wooded distance separates me from moral codes and cities.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Was this what the city would look like when knowledge was no longer enough? When the desire to turn inward, surrendering entirely to one's own private world of nonresistance, overwhelmed, like creeping ivy, our desire to know worlds beyond it?
Emory R. Frie|I have a recurring dream in which I am 85 years old, sitting in my living room, swaying back and forth in a rocking chair, studying the newspaper. I pause, look up and think of all the adventures I could have experienced and say to myself, 'Shit, I should have done that.' That is a scene I am determined will not happen in real life.
Steve Earle|Gregory Corso used to get really pissed when people called Bob Dylan a 'poet.' After writing poetry for a few years, I can understand that.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|My heart started racing, not the bad kind of heart racing, like I'm going to die. But the good kind of heart racing, like, Hello, can I help you with something? If not, please step aside because I'm about to kick the shit out of life.
Osman Baydemir|Not a problem kid or anything like that so when you're in the legal system like that, it's always hard on a person for the first time to go through some things like that.
Susan Bischoff, Hush Money|He speaks in that strange sports talk, telling me about the start of the new season and asks if I follow baseball.	No. I really don’t.	He assures me if I stay in town long enough I will become a baseball fan. It’s a requirement of living in St. Louis. Everyone is a Cardinal’s fan.	“Loyal,” he tells me. St. Louis is a loyal town.
Michael Keaton|It's good for your body to have a break. Even when you're training, you have to have a cheat day every week. The body reacts better to training if you give it intervals of not training, or you relax the diet.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Yay Padua-Olmedo, Going Up?: Making Right Choices at Work|In regards to planning your career, you need to treat it (your career) just like a business.
Frances Hardinge|Somatic hypermutation gives rise to B cells bearing mutant immunoglobulin molecules on their surface. Some of these mutant immunoglobulins have substitutions in the antigen-binding site that increase its affinity for the antigen. B cells bearing these mutant high-affinity immunoglobulin receptors compete most effectively for binding to antigen and are preferentially selected to mature into antibody-secreting plasma cells. The mutant antibodies that emerge from the selection do not have a random distribution of amino-acid substitutions. The changes are concentrated at positions in the heavy-chain and light-chain CDR loops that form the antigen-binding site and directly contact antigen. As the adaptive immune response to infection proceeds, antibodies of progressively higher affinity for the infecting pathogen are produced – a phenomenon called affinity maturation. Affinity maturation is a process of evolution in which variant immunoglobulins generated in a random manner are subjected to selection for improved binding to a pathogen. It achieves in a few days what would require thousands, if not millions, of years of classical Darwinian evolution in a conventional gene. This capacity for extraordinarily rapid evolution in pathogen-binding immunoglobulins is a major factor in allowing the human immune system to keep up with the generally faster-evolving pathogens.
Dorianne Laux, Smoke|How many losses does it take to stop a heart,to lay waste to the vocabularies of desire?
Tiger Woods|I realize I will always be the poster child for police brutality, but I can try to use that as a positive force for healing and restraint.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|When you know something, you know it, and when you don't, you'd better learn. And in the meantime, you should keep quiet, or at least speak only when what you say will advance the learning process.
Conrad Hilton|We are all gifted, but we have to discover the gift, uncover the gift, nurture and develop the gift and use it for the Glory of God and for the liberation struggle of our people.
Victoria Alexander, The Husband List|It wasn't as if she was terrified of heights, she simply preferred to be closer to solid ground, where words like plummet and plunge did not linger in her mind.
David Amerland, The Social Media Mind: How social media how social media is changing business, politics and science and helps create a new world order.|Fools live life; intellectuals only think thoughts arising from borrowed knowledge.That is why fools enjoy life while so called wise people are busy posting tweets about life. Unfortunately, I am a wise man.
Derek Landy|Please just admit it," said Valkyrie. "You're going to miss me, aren't you?" "Obviously," said Skulduggery. "Thank you." "like a drowning man misses the land." "Aw w w..." "Like a hesitant man misses the chance." "Yeah..." "Like an oblivious man misses the point." "I have a feeling you're mocking me somehow, but I can't put my finger on how.
Rose Fall, How To Get Your Heart Broken|In my sixteen years, I have experienced heartbreak, tragedy and transcending love. In my thirteenth year, I moved to Westerly and experienced all three.
Taylor Swift|If you cry over a guy, then your friends can't date him. It can't even be considered.
Christine Pope, The Mandala Maneuver|The enemy was not the Klan but the inside-outside lock that racism and classism had on the minds of the people: It operated from the inside through self-hate and self-doubt, and from the outside through the police, carnivorous landlords, and the welfare system.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Given our new situation, I think you should find a more appropriate way to address me Polly. Do so now please.”I don’t even have to think. An invisible shroud of submission seems to have fallen over me and the prospect of surrendering to this beautiful creature is the only thing on my mind, because I do – absolutely – want her to fuck me, and I have never wanted anything so much…
Lawrence Block, Gotham Central, Book One: In the Line of Duty|The New Your energy goes beyond anything you'll find anywhere else. It's too much for some people and it grinds them down, but it lifts up and animates the rest of us.
John James Audubon|Since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School three years ago, we have lost over 90,000 Americans to gun violence. This is a manmade crisis that needs to be treated as the public health epidemic it has become.
Adyashanti, Emptiness Dancing|Let go of all ideas and images in your mind, they come and go and aren’t even generated by you. So why pay so much attention to your imagination when reality is for the realizing right now?
Richard Ben Sapir, The Far Arena|It is illogical to say, as many etatists do, that liberalism is hostile to or hates the state, because it is opposed to the transfer of the ownership of railroads or cotton mills to the state. If a man says that sulphuric acid does not make a good hand lotion, he is not expressing hostility to sulphuric acid as such; he is simply giving his opinion concerning the limitations of its use.
Sunday Adelaja|In our process of spiritual maturity, our faith needs to attain bigger dimensions
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|For one more time, he decided to give away smoking.And then, she happened one more time in his head.
Lorrie Moore|I realised that if you get yourself labeled as the funny one, people don't look any further. I've used that as I've got older. It's controlling: I decide what part of my personality you're seeing. I don't want you to look at me, I really don't. I don't want you to comment on my clothes, my hair or the way I look.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Some of you need a lesson in humility. While your arrogance may give you a sense of power, it may serve you better to put it aside. Those are the times you will be the light of the world.
Debasish Mridha|The only true wisdom is in knowing that, with love, you can win the world.
Rebecah McManus, Colliding Worlds|These paper boats of mine are meant to dance on the ripples of hours, and not reach any destination.
Stefania Mattana, Cutting Right to the Chase Vol.2,|Paoletta turned to him with a dark face.“You’d better watch out, Chase. He’s passed over to the evil side.
Frederick Douglass|He had been born into debt, as had his father and his father before him. Indenture and slavery were two words for the same thing.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|As utterly irrational as it might seem, the greed within me has the most limited vision I can possibly imagine as it has eyes only for the few things it doesn’t have, and it is completely blind to all the many remarkable things that it does.
Sitting Bull|Each of us needs something - food, liquor, pot, whatever - to help us survive. Dracula needs blood.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|When abandoned women follow their fleeing males with tear-stained faces, screaming you can't do this to me, they reveal that all that they have offered in the name of generosity and altruism has been part of an assumed transaction, in which they were entitled to a certain payoff.
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|When people don't gossip or talk about you, you are not making waves.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Respect is the lifeblood of progress, and the safe harbour of humanity's great aspirations
Liz Williams|It is clear that there needs to be a closer working relationship between the United States and India. How can we have a close relationship if decision-makers in Washington know very little, if anything, about the religious beliefs, values, and practices of India's 800 million Hindus?
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, The Phenomenon of Man|I am not a human being enjoying a spiritual life, I am a spiritual being enjoying a human life.
Betsy Cook Speer|I recalled thinking...His freakishly tidy side could be a problem. To say that neatness was not my strong suit would be a crime against, well, the truth.
Woo Myung, The Way To Become A Person In Heaven While Living|Rethink Your Success Mindset: Gratitude is the attitude, fuel and catalyst that transforms life's challenges into wisdom.
M.R. Field, Splinters|You're not horribly terrible."	He shook his head at her. "You say the nicest things." He held her gaze for a moment. "You're not trying to get into my pants, are you?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everybody can do something. Anyone can do anything, but, it takes an understanding of real freedom to know do’s and don’ts and the essence of do’s and don’ts’. Nobility knows rules, nobility understands rules, and nobility recognizes the real reasons for staying within the border lines of rules that uphold dignity as a sacred responsibility. Nobility least do things anyhow, anywhere and anytime.
Louis L'Amour, The Walking Drum|It is a poor sort of man who is content to be spoon-fed knowledge that has been filtered through the canon of religious or political belief, and it is a poor sort of man who will permit others to dictate what he may or may not learn.
Brene Brown|That which is false troubles the heart, but truth brings joyous tranquillity.
Katherine McIntyre, An Airship Named Desire|You can tease it's mane all you like, but you can't turn a house cat into a lion.
Bella Vespira|Has anyone angered or hurt you lately? Perhaps they are suffering themselves. Have you seen or partaken in unspeakable harms, and inconceivable hurts? Perhaps, forgiving oneself is essential in our life in grace. Know you are loved and cherished beyond our earthly capacity, the failures in your own life is not a reflection of your value and worth, but that grace qualifies you... makes you whole and worthy. Cherished. A hidden treasure.
Joyce Meyer|Beauty has so many forms, and I think the most beautiful thing is confidence and loving yourself.
Gwendolyn Brooks, The Essential Gwendolyn Brooks|Surely--But I am very off from that.From surely. From indeed. From the decent arrowthat was my clean naivete and my faith.This morning, men deliver wounds and death.They will deliver death and wounds tomorrow.And I doubt all. You. Or a violet.
Jenny Lewis|I think if women are visible in the media, truly visible, in an empowered role, it empowers us to be more visible in any area of our lives.
Richard Powers, The Time of Our Singing|Our father knew more than any living person about the secret of time, except how to live in it. His time did not travel; it was a block of persisting nows.
Clay Griffith, The Undying Legion|What did you do?" Kate asked."Nothing. We're inside the wards." Simon laughed and drank the elixir.She looked around with surprise. "How can you tell? At night? In the snow?""That tree." He indicated an ash tree standing amidst other ash trees."It looks like a thousand other trees.""No, it looks like you." Simon took a shallow, pained breath, but smiled. "It's my marker."Both Kate and Malcolm stared at the tree. Kate cocked her hip. "It looks like me? A tree? That's flattering.""Yes. See how the curves--" Simon worked his hands in an hourglass shape. "It looks like you.
Writemarmalade|I’m secretly looking forward to someone whom I’m no longer ashamed to explain myself to, whom I can peel off all my metaphors and codes and reveal what the hell has happened all these years.
Stuart  Francis, GUAN: For strong stomachs only!|In 2012, an estimated 14,827 persons were murdered in the United States.-- Federal Bureau of Investigation
Mike Ericksen, Upon Destiny's Song|There's a special place inside each and every heart where even lover & beloved are not allowed to enter as such. They dissolve & merge with eternity there.Once they enter that place, there is no coming back.
Danielle Steel, Answered Prayers|She felt lately as though she had served her purpose, done her job, and been dispensed with, not only by her children, but by her husband as well.
King Davis|It is easy to destroy a book, but an idea once implanted has roots no man can utterly destroy.
Paula Morris, Unbroken|Memories, made to last forever<3
David Eddings|But what I do believe is that if you're a girl who was born in Homsea, a girl who lives in a nothing kind of house with an ordinary kind of family, then you can't know everything about the world and that it's probably good to keep an open mind about things, just in case.
Bobby Riggs|People are looking around. They are looking to do something with their time and money. The question is, what?
Toni Morrison, Beloved|No matter what all your teeth and wet fingers anticipated, there was no accounting for the way that simple joy could shake you.
Sunday Adelaja|The truth is, that MOST of the time MOST of us take the road MOST traveled, the path of least resistance and MOST comfortable.
Debasish Mridha|Life is so precious! Live with love, joy, happiness, and abundance.
Edna O'Brien|The literature on ritualistic abuse suggests that ritualistic sexual practices with young children are a characteristic of particularly abusive groups, and that such practices typically occur alongside a diverse range of other abusive practices, such as child prostitution and the manufacture of child abuse images. One of the shortcomings of the available literature, however, is the general presumption (implicit or explicit) that abusive groups are motivated by a religious or spiritual conviction. In clinical and research literature, abusive groups are generally referred to as 'cults', and 'cult abuse' is a term that has been used interchangeably with 'ritual abuse'." p38
Jennifer Probst, The Marriage Merger|I'm going to make you come harder and longer than you ever have before, baby, and I'm going to feel every shudder, every ripple of that orgasm as it rips through you because I am going to be right here holding tight to you, buried deep inside you. And, Nikki, I'm not ever letting go.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Antonio: Will you stay no longer? nor will you not that I go with you?	  Sebastian: By your patience, no. My stars shine darkly over me; the malignancy of my fate might, perhaps, distemper yours; therefore I shall crave of you your leave that I may bear my evils alone. It were a bad recompense for your love to lay any of them on you.
Sara Teasdale|Probably for every man there is at least one city that sooner or later turns into a girl. How well or how badly the man actually knew the girl doesn’t necessarily affect the transformation. She was there, and she was the whole city, and that’s that.
Colson Whitehead, John Henry Days|If we are with someone out of choice, we should act accordingly, and choose to communicate rather than deteriorate.
Tess Gerritsen|I thought of all the magazine article I'd read on mothers who worked and constantly felt guilty about leaving their children with someone else. I had trained myself to read pieces like that and silently say to myself, 'See how lucky you are?' But it had been gnawing at the inside, that part that didn't fit, that I never let myself even think about. After all, wasn't it a worse kind of guilt to be with your child and to know that you wanted to be anywhere but there?
Frank Chodorov|The Supreme Court is composed of two groups known as the Infallible Five and the Furious Four. The first group writes those majority decisions on patent law that have brought patent lawyers to their present condition. The second groups writes the dissenting opinions, trying to hold to the law as it was laid down by the first groups the week before. The composition of each group shifts from decision to decision, so that no one justice is right all the time. They sort of pass the infallibility around to keep peace in the family." -- The Improbable Profession
Gillian Flynn, Dark Places|Born from different parents, they were siblings in death, destroyed by the same hand.
Layne Staley|Tony's concern disintegrated. He could not understand C.J.'s determination to court death on a daily basis. Or maybe he did understand, and this was what caused his frustration. So many found the same solution his brother had. Selling death to their own people. The money was a difficult lure to resist. Additionally, the fear elicited from their hard core posturing proved nearly as addictive. They demanded to be heard, even though it didn't seem they had much to say. Perhaps the futility and smallness that characterized their lives was too overwhelming to articulate in any manner other than a primitive, incoherent scream. Maybe it was inevitable that those who felt they had no stake in society would opt to destroy it.
Rowan Atkinson|To criticize a person for their race is manifestly irrational and ridiculous, but to criticize their religion, that is a right. That is a freedom. The freedom to criticize ideas, any ideas - even if they are sincerely held beliefs - is one of the fundamental freedoms of society. A law which attempts to say you can criticize﻿ and ridicule ideas as long as they are not religious ideas is a very peculiar law indeed.It all points to the promotion of the idea that there should be a right not to be offended. But in my view the right to offend is far more important than any right not to be offended. The right to ridicule is far more important to society than any right not to be ridiculed because one in my view represents openness - and the other represents oppression
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|One way or another, we’re all prisoners.
Michelle Bachelet|When we reach the point where the women athletes are getting their pick of dates just as easily as the men athletes, then we've really and truly arrived. Parity at last!
Mark Greif|How should a system convince people that they do not possess their sex properly? Teach them that in their possession it is shapeless and unconditioned. Only once it has been modified, layered with experts, honeycombed with norms, overlaid with pictorial representations, and sold back to them can it fulfill itself as what its possessors "always wanted".
|I have some strong positive reasons why I am on the path that I am, and this is why moving forward is the only option that my mind sees.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Mindful observation is based on the principle of “non-duality”: our feeling is not separate from us or caused merely by something outside us; our feeling is us, and for the moment we are that feeling. We are neither drowned in nor terrorized by the feeling, nor do we reject it. Our attitude of not clinging to or rejecting our feelings is the attitude of letting go[.]
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Why did I think that the mask was a better portrayal than my authentic self? We can get hidden under layers of illusion, can’t we?
Steve Maraboli|What was my path to success? Well, there were some steps forward, some back, some to the side... maybe it wasn't a path, but more of a dance.
Emeril Lagasse|My philosophy from day one is that I can sleep better at night if I can improve an individual's knowledge about food and wine, and do it on a daily basis.
Augustine of Hippo|Vaughn folded his arms. ‘The reason why you’ve lasted longer than most of your erstwhile colleagues is because you don’t do drama. I don’t like drama. I get enough drama at home. My wife could teach the RSC a few things about drama.'For someone who claimed that he didn’t do drama, Vaughn was one of the biggest drama queens she knew.
A. R. Rahman|You should never view your challenges as a disadvantage. Instead, it's important for you to understand that your experience facing and overcoming adversity is actually one of your biggest advantages.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|If you continue doing what you have done in the past, you will get what you have received in the past.
Lord Byron|Love is the hardest habit to break, and the most difficult to satisfy.
Justine Bateman|Everyone has an internal age, a time in life when one is, if not one's best, then at very least one's most authentic self. I always felt that my internal clock was calibrated somewhere between 47 and 53 years old.
Sabrina Jeffries, Beware a Scot's Revenge|Don’t be a coward, driving away anyone who cares enough to see you for yerself. It’s easy to live yer life alone, son. It takes courage to live with another. But in the end, yer life can be so much richer for it
Hiroko Sakai|my problem is that my body acts before my brain thinks... it sometimes brings me huge trouble, or also huge success. recently, my body and brain got come to an agreement. it may be far better to live this gambling life than living in boring average ...they at least make my art more interesting
Gabrielle Dubois|The reader leaves his mark on the book, as the book leaves its mark on the reader.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|All other trades are contained in that of war.Is that why war endures?No. It endures because young men love it and old men love it in them. Those that fought, those that did not.That's your notion.The judge smiled. Men are born for games. Nothing else. Every child knows that play is nobler than work. He knows too that the worth or merit of a game is not inherent in the game itself but rather in the value of that which is put at hazard. Games of chance require a wager to have meaning at all. Games of sport involve the skill and strength of the opponents and the humiliation of defeat and the pride of victory are in themselves sufficient stake because they inhere in the worth of the principals and define them. But trial of chance or trial of worth all games aspire to the condition of war for here that which is wagered swallows up game, player, all.
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|The deepest reason why the Church is weak and the world is dying is that there are not enough saints. No, that's not quite honest. The reason is that WE are not saints.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go.
Latif Mercado|You Can't Be A Hero To The World, If Your Aren't First A Hero In Your Home!
Alexis  Hall, Shadows & Dreams|He looked so frustrated and perfectly serious, and yet here we were talking about his missing seal pelt.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|A multitude of harlequin lifeforms bobbed and twirled and played in the depths of the Atlantic. Pink cucumbers with thorny backs. Algae. Starfish. Annelids with simple brains and a hundred toes. Sponges—like yellow, swollen hands—sucked in water and pushed out oxygen. Most amusing were the mysterious buggers who had no likeness on the previous earth; tiny beasts with exotic exoskeletons engraved with deep grid-like patterns, snails with horns, and slithering plants that looked like magenta weeping willows.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|Through positive thinking and related approaches, we seek the safety and solid ground of certainty, of knowing how the future will turn out, of a time in the future when we'll be ceaselessly happy and never have to fear negative emotions again. But in chasing all that, we close down the very faculties that permit the happiness we crave.
Eric Ludy|Don’t pray that God would teach you how to love like He loves; pray that He would fill you with Himself and that He would love in and through you. Don’t pray that He would teach you to have joy; pray that the living God full of joy would enter into you. Don’t pray that He would teach you how to be peaceful; ask for the God of peace, the Prince of peace to infill you. Because if you try to imitate in your own strength, you will be a miserable replica. But if you allow the impartation of Jesus Christ to overtake you, suddenly it all works because it is Him imitating Himself, and He is very good at being God.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter Is Delicious|They like to tell us that it is important to speak the truth, but it has been my experience that real happiness lies in having people tell you what you want to believe, usually not the same thing at all, and if you have to stub your toe on the truth later, so be it.
Vishwanath S J|The mystery in "Eyes of your Eyes" can never be found in the interstellar space unless you encounter timelessness.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Never permit circumstances to change your plans, but give so much character to your plans that they will change circumstances. Give so much character to the current of your work that all things will be drawn into that current, and that which at ﬁrst was but a tiny rivulet, will thus be swelled into a mighty, majestic stream.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He said to himself that he really had not suffered enough to deserve such radiant happiness, and he thanked God, in the depths of his soul, for having permitted that he, a miserable man, should be so loved by this innocent being." -Jean Valjean about Cossette-
Lynn Flewelling, Luck in the Shadows|You hardly know me. Why do you want me to come with you?""Who knows? Perhaps you remind me just a bit of—""Someone you used to know?" Alec interjected skepti
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|Another consequence of not knowing the value of what you possess in this case the value of life is that, there would be some other people around you that will better understand what you possess.
Lucinda E. Clarke, Truth Lies Propaganda: in Africa|I was scripting for a series on the Arts programme which was shown very late on a Sunday evening, and I was sent off to get the low down on several up and coming musicians who would be featured each week. To the music world, they may have been up and coming, I would have preferred them to be down and going and preferably out of range.
Cliff Richard|At 25, I made many companies. I was thinking more like a businessman or entrepreneur than a CEO. I created many companies, small companies, medium companies. I tried to be involved in many kinds of activities, in finance, in real estate, in mining.
Cassia Leo, Black Box|Look its very simple: You're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. You dare to be bad, I've got good reflex. Can go to bad bitch mode in no time.
Tracy March, Could've Said Yes|She heard a low laugh and glanced over her shoulder, meeting Gage's amused glaze. 'You're trouble', he mouthed.'No,' Madison thought when she went all warm and gooey inside, 'I'm in trouble.
Sunday Adelaja|In our dynamic age, the speed of motion is increasing
Robert Redford|Compared to politics, I think sports is funnier, because it's inconsequential. And politics can be real important and all that. The more pointless something is, the funnier it is, you know? And the more grave or important things are... You know, some comedians can get this disease where they get serious all the time.
Tom Clancy, Debt of Honor|According to the prevailing notion, freedom manifests as “preference-satisfying behavior.” About the preferences themselves we are to maintain a principled silence, out of deference to the autonomy of the individual. They are said to express the authentic core of the self, and are for that reason unavailable for rational scrutiny. But this logic would seem to break down when our preferences are the object of massive social engineering, conducted not by government “nudgers” but by those who want to monetize our attention.
A.J. Kazinski, The Last Good Man|Right now there's a commonly-held view among scientists that we know about only four percent of all the matter in the universe. Four percent!""So what about the other 96 percent?""We astrophysicists call it 'dark matter' and 'dark energy.' Maybe we should just call it ignorance. There's so much that we don't know. It's shocking how little we know. And yet we behave like little gods who think we're in control of everything. Like kids with delusions of grandeur. Isn't that what we've made ourselves into? It's as if we're trying to make ourselves believe that four percent is all there is. That everything else, all that we don't know, doesn't exist. But it does. We know it's there; we just don't understand it.
Moazzam Shaikh|How often ... do we pass by a need, a life that could be changed with the smallest bit of effort? And it's not that we don't care but that we're driving so fast, all we see are the fence posts flashing by on the side of the highway?Maybe the first step in changing the world is in slowing down and looking through the fences.
RVM|Never worry about the Past, it brings Tears. Don’t think too much about the Future, it brings Fears. Live in the Present Moment with a Smile, it brings Cheers!!
Fran Lebowitz|If you do not think about your future, you cannot have one.
Arkady Strugatsky|We don't notice things change. We know that things change, we've been told since childhood that things change, we've witnessed things change ourselves many a time, and yet we're still utterly incapable of noticing the moment that change comes--or we search for change in all the wrong places.
Susan Dennard, Windwitch|A witch is someone who has dedicated her life to learning about the connections between things. She studies the different cycles and her place in them. She learns how to use the energy in herself and in the world to make changes. And most of all, she tries to make the world a better place for herself and other people.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To love God with our hearts and our minds, let's resolve to glorify God by not being women who fool others or who are easily fooled ourselves. Avoiding a bad thought day depends on it.
Bob Dylan|Ah, but I was so much older thenI’m younger than that now
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|One day, in the very early months of the project, I read several entries in a single week from girls who had been subjected to leering and shouting from men in the street while walking home from school in their uniforms. Dismayed, I posted a question on Twitter: Surely, I asked, this couldn't be a common occurrence? By the end of the day, a deluge of hundreds of tweets had confirmed that the experience was not only common but almost ubiquitous.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|The Party's Object...' The establishment of a system of society based upon the common ownership and democratic control of the means and instruments for producing and distributing wealth by and in the interests of the whole community'......was precise and legalistic. Correctness of definition and theory was all-important: in the minds of the men of new party, the failures of the existing organisations were simply the fruits of false theories. For the same reason, the Object did not mention the means of exchange. It was held that socialism, with free access to everything, there would be no exchange of goods; hence, to talk of the common ownership of the means of exchange was to show misunderstanding from the start.
Dada Bhagwan|The reaction of whatever you do will continue punishing you (hold you accountable). I do not have to come to punish you,” says God.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It's certainly not too late to change to the winning side. But you know, you also have the freedom to stay just where you are. That's what it means to be an American. That's the miracle of America. Freedom to believe means the freedom to believe the wrong thing, after all. Just as freedom of speech gives you the right to stay silent.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Fighting for peace, is like f***ing for chastity
Justin Theroux|I wanted to go hide. I wasn't looking to be more famous, I'm famous enough.
Lionel Suggs|You don't invent circumstances, but when they happen they reveal human nature.
Billy Talent, Billy Talent II|All we shared was a mattress, and a lie, and an addressBaby I don't need you, well baby I don't need youOnce occupied by a goddess, now it's a room full of boxesShe said, "it's time to leave you" but baby I don't need you! In a perfect world... her face would not existIn a perfect world... a broken heart is fixed
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When you succeed, you become the professor of the world
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Art and the artist meet in stages, slowly revealing themselves until both are satisfied with what the other has become.
Sybil Shae, Timing Is Everything: Origin Of The Journal|And at last, the lonely young man who belonged to no one finally belonged to someone, forever, and the practical girl who would not settle for less then a love story for the ages found the life long romance she had yearned for all her life.
Mike Barnicle|God surrounded me with people of faith, people of strong faith, people of power, spiritual power, and I saw little miracles happen in their lives. By it happening in their lives, I started believing it could happen to me.
Richard Finney, Demon Days: Angel of Light|The door suddenly opened. A leggy young brunette took two steps into the office and stopped short. Her brown eyes widened, she hastily excused herself and turned to leave. Pérez’s jaw dropped as he looked up at her high heels and ankles. He crawled out from under the desk and turned questioningly to his partner. Thorne didn't hesitate. He took one swift stride from behind, clamped a hand tightly over her mouth, and pulled her back into the room, disregarding her wildly flailing legs and frantic attempts to claw his hands away. He shut the door with a backward thrust of his foot. "What do we do now?" Pérez whined. "Observe." Thorne spoke calmly, as would a professor demonstrating a familiar operation to a beginner. Using both hands, he briskly snapped her neck. She stopped struggling.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is the ant, not the lion, which the elephant fears.
Henry David Thoreau|I was homeless for almost a year and a half, just living in my car or bouncing around peoples' houses, going to 7-Eleven at the end of the day and asking them for the taquitos that they were going to throw out because I hadn't eaten in two days.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|Some roads we travel in life can feel like the ones that might break us, but that's why God surrounds us with people who will cheer us on and wipe our tears and listen as we pour out our hearts. Because often, it's not what you say but what you do that really matters.
Suzanne Strempek Shea, Lily of the Valley|I think that must be a lot like how God has it--not to sound as if I think I'm anything like God, mind you. But the whole idea--sitting up there behind glass you can't be seen through. The person down below looks up and it's just a reflection of themselves, a mirror is what they see. But behind the glass, somebody who loves you more than anything is watching, and is hoping for the best for you, and cheering you on, and is loving you even when you are doing something you shouldn't be.
John le Carré, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy|I have a theory which I suspect is rather immoral,' Smiley went on, more lightly. 'Each of us has only a quantum of compassion. That if we lavish our concern on every stray cat, we never get to the centre of things.
Jenny O'Brien|There was only the two of them standing on top of the world, the rest of their lives waiting silently at their feet.They eased apart, still touching with their eyes, their hands, their souls. (Girl Descending)
Catherine Marie Bergman, Autobiography of My Guardian Angel: Divine Words From Above to be Read by Humankind|Whenever one person in a relationship is unwilling or unable to contact his or her vulnerability in the interaction, there is a simultaneous movement into judgement: self-attack, attack of the other, or both. This is a chicken-or-the-egg situation: Do you resort to judgment for protection because you don't feel safe, or are you not feeling safe because of the presence of judgment? This is a fundamental question in dealing with the judge.
Judith Tarr, Living in Threes|I don’t cry for humans. I cry for things that are so beautiful I just can’t stand it, like Bonnie in front of me, all crusty from rolling in the sand, with a mouthful of half-chewed hay and eyes that knew everything I’d ever thought or felt or been.
Wallace Stevens|In recalling my childhood I like to picture myself as a beehive to which various simple obscure people brought the honey of their knowledge and thoughts on life, generously enriching my character with their own experience. Often this honey was dirty and bitter, but every scrap of knowledge was honey all the same.
Pete Rose|Nowadays, if you have a mustache, people look at you like you're crazy. But when I was growing up, I never saw my dad without a mustache.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|But the trees seemed to know me. They whispered among themselves and beckoned me nearer. And looking around, I noticed the other small trees and wild plants and grasses had sprung up under the protection of the trees we had placed there. The trees had multiplied! They were moving. In one small corner of the world, Grandfather's dream was coming true and the trees were moving again.
Dave Matthes|Anything which is just born, which has just come into existence, has no past behind it. Birth, in other words, is the condition of having no past. And likewise, anything which now dies, which has just ceased to be, has no future left in front of it. Death is the condition of having no future. But we have already seen that this present moment has both no past and no future simultaneously. That is, birth and death are one in this present moment. This moment is just now being born—you can never find a past to this present moment, you can never find something before it. Yet also, this moment is just now dying — you can never find a future to this moment, never find something after it. This present, then, is a coincidence of opposites, a unity of birth and death, being and non-being, living and dying. As Ippen put it, "Every moment is the last moment and every moment is a rebirth.
Kij Johnson, The Man Who Bridged the Mist|Karma does never return to punish. Its role is to assist with solving what has been left uncompleted. It always returns to you, when you are strong enough to look at it. You never are asked to deal with more than you can handle. So relax and accept what is being offered to you. Accept it as a gift of love.
Joe Lieberman|It's great to have an honest course where you can use your strength. I swim 10 hours a week, I bike 20 hours a week, and I want to be able to show that.
Elizabeth von Arnim, In the Mountains|For I'm afraid of loneliness; shiveringly, terribly afraid. I don't mean the ordinary physical loneliness, for here I am, deliberately travelled away from London to get to it, to its spaciousness and healing. I mean that awful loneliness of spirit that is the ultimate tragedy of life. When you've got to that, really reached it, without hope, without escape, you die. You just can't bear it, and you die.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|Science & Love have progressed "either" ways with growth of violence!
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|It is high time that we grew up and left the Garden. We are indeed Eden’s children, yet it is time to place Genesis alongside the geocentric myth in the basket of stories that once, in a world of intellectual naivete, made helpful sense. As we walk through the gates, aware of the dazzling richness of the genuine biological world, there might even be a smile on the Creator’s face — that at long last His creatures have learned enough to understand His world as it truly is.
John Woolman|There are things that you cannot talk to your mother and father about, there are things that you cannot talk to your children about.
bell hooks, The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love|There seems to be a fear that if men are raised to be people of integrity, people who can love, they will be unable to be forceful and act violently if needed.... We see that females that are raised with the traits any person of integrity embodies can act with tenderness, with assertiveness, and with aggression if and when aggression is needed.
George Eliot, Mr Gilfil's Love Story|We need another and a wiser and perhaps a more mystical concept of animals. Remote from universal nature and living by complicated artifice, man in civilization surveys the creature through the glass of his knowledge and sees thereby a feather magnified and the whole image in distortion. We patronize them for their incompleteness, for their tragic fate for having taken form so far below ourselves. And therein do we err. For the animal shall not be measured by man. In a world older and more complete than ours, they move finished and complete, gifted with the extension of the senses we have lost or never attained, living by voices we shall never hear. They are not brethren, they are not underlings: they are other nations, caught with ourselves in the net of life and time, fellow prisoners of the splendour and travail of the earth.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|It's a powerful experience, shitting. There's something magical about it, profound even. I think God made humans shit in the way we do because it brings us back down to earth and gives us humility. I don't care who you are, we all shit the same. Beyonce shits. The pope shits. The Queen of England shits. When we shit we forget our airs and our graces, we forget how famous or how rich we are. All of that goes away. You are never more yourself than when you're taking a shit. You have that moment where you realize, 'This is me. This is who I am.
Rolf Jacobsen|Silverfish looked down."Oh. Are you a dwarf?"Cuddy gave him a blank stare."Are you a giant?" He said."Me? Of course not!""Ah. Then I must be a dwarf, yes.
majidkhan|in earth their have only one reason of war,i have power and want to show,
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|No other technique for the conduct of life attaches the individual so firmly to reality as laying emphasis on work; for his work at least gives him a secure place in a portion of reality, in the human community. The possibility it offers of displacing a large amount of libidinal components, whether narcissistic, aggressive or even erotic, on to professional work and on to the human relations connected with it lends it a value by no means second to what it enjoys as something indispensible to the preservation and justification of existence in society. Professional activity is a source of special satisfaction if it is a freely chosen one — if, that is to say, by means of sublimation, it makes possible the use of existing inclinations, of persisting or constitutionally reinforced instinctual impulses. And yet, as a path to happiness, work is not highly prized by men. They do not strive after it as they do after other possibilities of satisfaction. The great majority of people only work under the stress of necessity, and this natural human aversion to work raises most difficult social problems.
Nanamoli Thera|In absence of consciousness, human beings would merely be animated material objects. Without the synergistic impact of consciousness, free will, and perception of a cohesive self, which act to direct human conduct, many of the qualities that we associate with our humanness would be moot or superfluous delusions including laughter and pain, memories and thoughts, love and anger, imagination and dreams. Without consciousness and free will, humankind would lack the ability to choose right from wrong and there could be no mental discipline directing each person’s lifestyle, attitudes, and belief systems.
Charles de Gaulle|Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Seen politically, systems follow one another, each consuming the previous one. They live on ever-bequeathed and ever-disappointed hope, which never entirely fades. Its spark is all that survives, as it eats its way along the blasting fuse. For this spark, history is merely an occasion, never a goal.
C.D. Reiss, HardBall|My phone buzzed in the center console again."What's happening with this thing?" Dad grabbed it."Dad, really?" I didn't want him to see the texts between Dash and me. Awkward."He says he knew it."The traffic opened up, and I went right on Sunset. "Please don't scroll.""Knew what?""I have no idea, and I'm driving. So forget it for
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Fine, it’s decided.” Vain resumed his stride. “I’ll do all the killing, and you doall the stuff that an Avun-Riah does. Whatever the hell that is.
Álvaro de Campos|His conception of the universe is, however, instinctive, not intellectual; it can't be criticized as a concept, because there’s none there, and it can't be criticized as temperament, because temperament can't be criticized.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|A wise man will know what game to play to-day, and play it. We must not be governed by rigid rules, as by the almanac, but let the season rule us. The moods and thoughts of man are revolving just as steadily and incessantly as nature's. Nothing must be postponed. Take time by the forelock. Now or never! You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this, or the like of this. Where the good husbandman is, there is the good soil. Take any other course, and life will be a succession of regrets. Let us see vessels sailing prosperously before the wind, and not simply stranded barks. There is no world for the penitent and regretful.
Debasish Mridha|Close your eyes. Now see the world, not with your vision but with your feelings and passion.
Alanis Morissette|It's a joke to think that anyone is one thing. We're all such complex creatures. But if I'm going to be a poster child for anything, anger's a gorgeous emotion. It gets a bad rap, but it can make great changes happen.
Sting|My first recognition of age setting in was exactly on my 36th birthday. I have no idea why, on this day of all days, I looked in the mirror and realized my face no longer looked young.
Lauren Bacall, By Myself and Then Some|Fathers were supposed to be invulnerable - but that attitude was childish, he now saw. Irritatingly, he might have to change his outlook. He could no longer be merely indignant and resentful. He was not the only sufferer. Dad had hurt him, but he had hurt Dad as well, and they were both responsible. Feeling responsible was not as comfortable as feeling outraged.
Tana French, In the Woods|Now death is uncool, old-fashioned. To my mind the defining characteristic of our era is spin, everything tailored to vanishing point by market research, brands and bands manufactured to precise specifications; we are so used to things transmuting into whatever we would like them to be that it comes as a profound outrage to encounter death, stubbornly unspinnable, only and immutably itself.
Helen Rowland|Before a marriage, a man will lie awake all night thinking about something you`ve said; after marriage, he`ll fall asleep before you finish saying it.
Miranda Cosgrove|If I can only be known as one thing, then, well, I guess it would be poet and performer and teacher.
Susan Douglas, The Mommy Myth: The Idealization of Motherhood and How It Has Undermined All Women|It's 5:22pm you're in the grocery checkout line. Your three-year-old is writhing on the floor, screaming, because you have refused to buy her a Teletubby pinwheel. Your six-year-old is whining, repeatedly, in a voice that could saw through cement, "But mommy, puleeze, puleeze" because you have not bought him the latest "Lunchables," which features, as the four food groups, Cheetos, a Snickers, Cheez Whiz, and Twizzlers. Your teenager, who has not spoken a single word in the past foor days, except, "You've ruined my life," followed by "Everyone else has one," is out in the car, sulking, with the new rap-metal band Piss on the Parentals blasting through the headphones of a Discman. To distract yourself, and to avoid the glares of other shoppers who have already deemed you the worst mother in America, you leaf through People magazine. Inside, Uma thurman gushes "Motherhood is Sexy." Moving on to Good Housekeeping, Vanna White says of her child, "When I hear his cry at six-thirty in the morning, I have a smile on my face, and I'm not an early riser." Another unexpected source of earth-mother wisdom, the newly maternal Pamela Lee, also confides to People, "I just love getting up with him in the middle of the night to feed him or soothe him." Brought back to reality by stereophonic whining, you indeed feel as sexy as Rush Limbaugh in a thong.
Vincent van Gogh|There may be a great fire in our soul, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke.
Steve Allen|With our writings, we can right the world.
Mouloud Benzadi|No matter how dark and hopeless a situation may seem, always hold on and never give up your dream.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If fear is holding you back in life, you must attack it, Kate. Not make excuses about why you cannot attempt what you wish to do. That you can't because you're a woman. Especially you, given that your parents educated you as a son.
Anthony Horowitz, Ark Angel|You must have been going very fast.""I was, until I hit the fence.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I can decide how I spend my time, whom I interact with, whom I share my bodyand life and money and energy with. I can select what I eat and read and study. I can choose how I’m going to regard unfortunate circumstances in my life—whether I will see them as curses or opportunities (and on the occasions when I can’t rise to the most optimistic viewpoint, because I’m feeling too damn sorry for myself, I can choose to keep trying to change my outlook). I can choose my words and the tone of voice in which I speak to others. Andmost of all, I can choose my thoughts.you need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select what clothes you’re gonna wear every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That’s the only thing you should be trying to control.Drop everything else but that. Because if you can’t learn to master your thinking, you’re indeep trouble forever
R.A. Salvatore, The Halfling's Gem|The task of a truly revolutionary party is not to declare that it is impossible to renounce all compromises, but to be able, through all compromises, when they are unavoidable, to remain true to its principles, to its class, to its revolutionary purpose, to its task of paving the way for revolution and educating the mass of the people for victory in the revolution.
Deyth Banger|Oh, Gilbert, don't let's ever grow too old and wise... no, not too old and silly for fairyland.
Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.|As a historian, I confess to a certain amusement when I hear the Judeo-Christian tradition praised as the source of our concern for human rights. In fact, the great religious ages were notable for their indifference to human rights in the contemporary sense. They were notorious not only for acquiescence in poverty, inequality, exploitation and oppression but for enthusiastic justifications of slavery, persecution, abandonment of small children, torture, genocide.
Grace Paley, Just As I Thought|My daughter has pointed out that there were not enough lovejobs to go around in this new world. In any event, I probably learned tolerance, maybe even literary affection for the person in the wrong historical moment, living such long, never to be mediate wars with other sufferers.
K.A. Hill, The Winners' Guide|Dad, despite the fact you can be a right grumpy bastard, I’m so incredibly grateful to have you in my life.
John F. Kennedy|I don't have time for their judgement and their stupidity and you know they lay down with their ugly wives in front of their ugly children and look at their loser lives and then they look at me and they say, 'I can't process it' well, no, you never will stop trying, just sit back and enjoy the show. You know?
Homer|The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.
J. Cameron McClain, Miss Fitzhue|Though Abdul had been as afraid of ghosts as most Annawadi boys, these reports did not disturb him. Being terrorized by living people seemed to have diminished his fear of the dead.
Joseph Story|The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government.
Marian Keyes, The Other Side of the Story|Because they are mean is no reason why I should be. I hate such things, and though I think I've a right to be hurt, I don't intend to show it. (Amy March)
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|You only know how you feel, and you can only guess how others feel.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|Issa knelt down in front of her, taking her hands in his. “Until the end of time, I will love you. You are the moon in my endless night. I have never abandoned this world, even when I desperately wanted to, and I will never leave you, either.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|He who fights is powerless, but he who loves is power itself.
Christopher McCandless|The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|A stagecoach passed by on the road and went on;And the road didn’t become more beautiful or even more ugly.That’s human action on the outside world.We take nothing away and we put nothing back, we pass by and we forget;And the sun is always punctual every day.(5/7/14)
Alison G. Bailey, Present Perfect|no matter how u run away, no matter how can u pretend, no matter how scared u are there is gona be the sense u have missed something, fallen heart feeling u mixed with in the moments u should live, u will get used to that feeling, believe me when i tell u, this is crazy, some day ur life will be sou r just warming up
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|This land, although not my native land,Will be remembered forever.And the sea's lightly iced,Unsalty water.The sand on the bottom is whiter than chalk,The air is heady, like wine,And the rosy body of the pinesIs naked in the sunset hour.And the sunset itself on such waves of etherThat I just can't comprehendWhether it is the end of the day, the end of the world,Or the mystery of mysteries in me again.
Mark Zuckerberg|It behooves every man who values liberty of conscience for himself, to resist invasions of it in the case of others: or their case may, by change of circumstances, become his own.
ceh prince|Some people are like egg. The more you apply heat to them, the harder they become. To hatch them, just use a gentle heat, and to keep them alive, just keep them cool.
Glenn Hefley|Love is about heartbreak, If you think it’s fulfillment, happiness, satisfaction, union, it's even more heartbreak.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|I realized, listening to the silences that fell sometimes in my interview groups, that there are things that are sayable and unsayable about motherhood today. It is permissable, for example, to talk a lot about guilt, but not a lot about ambition. You can talk a lot about sex (or its lack) but not about the feelings that are keeping women from sleeping with their husbands. You can talk about society's lack of "appreciation" of mother's and the need for more social validation -- but not about policy that might actually make life better. You cannot really challenge the American culture of rugged individualism.
James Leighton, Duncan Edwards: The Greatest|On the surface, there is something peculiar about turning a portion of one's happiness over to a collection of ballplayers, and perhaps more peculiar still is concerning oneself about ball games played decades before one's birth.
Debasish Mridha|One great thing about love, when you are in love, nothing else matters anymore.
Debolina|Never trust a person more than you, when they break the trust you lost the life of happiness,it shakes the heart and gives the tears for ever
Sunday Adelaja|When they say whatever you say may be used against you, they mean it!
Allen Wheelis, How People Change|We must affirm freedom and responsibility without denying that we are the product of circumstance, and must affirm that we are the product of circumstance without denying that we have the freedom to transcend that causality to become something which could not even have been provisioned from the circumstances which shaped us.
Sarah Alderson, Out of Control|So we have twenty-four hours to keep out of trouble,’ he says to me.I slide a glance in his direction. Judging from the way he’s now grimacing at the sidewalk and the fact that I met him in a police station where he was being booked for stealing a car, I’m guessing that staying out of trouble is not his forte.
Linda Mickey|Work is tough for everyone but for Kyle Shannon, it's just murder.
William Hazlitt|I am not, in the ordinary acceptation of the term, a good-natured man; that is, many things annoy me besides what interferes with my own ease and interest. I hate a lie; a piece of injustice wounds me to the quick, though nothing but the report of it reach me. Therefore I have made many enemies and few friends; for the public know nothing of well-wishers, and keep a wary eye on those who would reform them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In today's ambiguous world, character means despotism, tyranny, absolute intolerance. At last it is time to admire a lack of character, inner weakness. Our epoch is that of noble doubts, blessed uncertainty, sacred hypersensitivity, divine wishy-washiness.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|When I read the ghastly lines of tragedy darkly penned into my life, I turn and notice that the pen in my hand is wet.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Friends are like bras, attached near your heart for support. Foes are like panties, deported, every now and then, when they get dirty.
Tika Sumpter|There's always been something a little pathetic for me at the work parties I've attended, especially thinking back to the restaurants I worked in. I remember a Christmas party in which we all got free T-shirts with the restaurant on the front and our names on the back.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|This is my living faith, an active faith, a faith of verbs: to question, explore, experiment, experience, walk, run, dance, play, eat, love, learn, dare, taste, touch, smell, listen, speak, write, read, draw, provoke, emote, scream, sin, repent, cry, kneel, pray, bow, rise, stand, look, laugh, cajole, create, confront, confound, walk back, walk forward, circle, hide, and seek.
Eckhart Tolle, Stillness Speaks|I suspect that in this comprehensive and (may I say) commonplace censure, you are not judging from yourself, but from prejudiced persons, whose opinions you have been in the habit of hearing. It is impossible that your own observation can have given you much knowledge of the clergy. You can have been personally acquainted with very few of a set of men you condemn so conclusively.
Randolph J. Rogers, The Key of Life; A Metaphysical Investigation|I have found that the only consolation is never regretting anything that you do. Never look back, always look forward and continue moving along with a confidence that everything you’re doing and everything you’ve done is the way it’s supposed to be.
Plato, The Republic|When there is liberty, you expect a higher degree of freedom and not human rights abuse.
Jasper Fforde, The Well of Lost Plots|Fiction wouldn't be much fun without its fair share of scoundrels, and they have to live somewhere.
Alice Lok Cahana|I made a painting that has holes in it. Why is there holes? Because God says to us, I cannot do all. I can create you, but I cannot do it all. You have to help Me fix the holes and put everything together. This is the learning from the Holocaust. That each of us is here to fix the holes.I don’t know how much you know about the Holocaust. What is your interest in it? What do you want to do with your life, where do you want to go? What is hurting in you? What are your holes to fix? What is now important in my life, and in your life also, is that after the Holocaust, we are shaking hands with each other, that we are nobody lesser than the other. That we understand the real meaning of what God created us for. You have the task. You have the task to better this world. There are holes in people also but those we create and can fix with love. God wants us whole.
Jerry Jones|Life doesn't care about your vision. Stuff happens, and you've just got to deal with it. You roll with it; that's the beauty of it all.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I could disappear from the face of the earth, and the world would go on moving without the slightest twinge. Things were tremendously complicated, to be sure, but one thing was clear: no one needed me.
Abby McDonald, Getting Over Garrett Delaney|Let stuff simply unfold, for once in your life, without spinning all those hopeful romantic fantasies. The less time you spend dreaming up a world of happily ever after, the more time you’ll have to actually live — no evers or afters required.
Joel A. Barker|Experiment with change. Take responsibility. Complete the challenge. Accept your situation. Believe in you. Face your fears. Never stop learning  Ana Maria Frith, Limitless Change Your Life
Zendaya|Survival, in the cool economics of biology, means simply the persistence of one's own genes in the generations to follow.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|She cracked a sexy smile with a side of condescension. “Jack, I’m not looking to know you.”No, she wasn’t, unless you counted biblically. She was looking for the guy who indiscriminately dated and bedded famous women. A guy whose life could be reduced to adjectives, most of them unflattering. That guy.
Joan D. Chittister|Benedict sets up a community, a family. And families, the honest among us will admit, are risky places to be if perfection is what y ou are expecting in life.
Isabella Bird|You have to age gracefully. And that's what I love about Keith Richards. That's what I love about the Rolling Stones. They are aging gracefully. They are falling apart at the seams right before our eyes, and they are doing it gracefully. And that's the most beautiful thing that we can do.
Richard Feynman|Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.
Harold L. Senkbeil|Have we ever thought to consider that we create values that ‘feel’ right because they serve our current agendas, which is an infinitely different thing from values that ‘are’ right because they serve an eternal agenda?
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|He had volunteered early, rather than waiting to be conscripted, for he felt a duty and an obligation to serve, and believed that ... being willing to fight for his country and the liberty it represented, would make some small difference. ... His idealism was one of the casualties of the carnage [of Verdun].
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|A doctor to whom I occasionally talk suggest that I have made an inadequate adjustment to aging.Wrong, I want to say.In fact I have made no adjustment whatsoever to aging.In fact I had lived my entire life to date without seriously believing that I would age.
Trombone Shorty|I really had a problem with being 'the man.' I'm past it now, but that was my insecurity. I ran from that. I was cool with being No. 3 on the call sheet or No. 2.
Ray Bradbury|Will any of those men under you ever really understand all this? They're professional cynics, and it's too late for them. Why do you want to go back with them? So you can keep up with the Joneses? To buy a gyro just like the Smith has? To listen to music with your pocketbook instead of your glands?
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|When people say that animal rescuers are crazy, what they really mean is that animal rescuers share a number of fundamental beliefs that makes them easy to marginalize. Among those is the belief that Rene Descartes was a jackass.
Bikash Chaurasiya|Find my wrongdoings and blame it on me,Willingly I will accept the fact.I will not change as per your perspective,but will surely not hurt you,While I am being myself.
Jean Plaidy, The Courts of Love: The Story of Eleanor of Aquitaine|Starting isn’t like that. Starting something is not an event; it’s a series of events. You decide to walk to Cleveland. So you take a first step in the right direction. That’s starting. You spend the rest of the day walking toward Cleveland, one step at a time, picking your feet up and putting them down. At the end of the day, twenty miles later, you stop at a hotel. And what happens the next morning? Either you quit the project or you start again, walking to Cleveland. In fact, every step is a new beginning. Sure, you’re closer than you were yesterday or last week, but you’re still...
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has become free from all mistakes, he has no superior over him; he needs no one to reprimand him. He can become whatever he desires. Our path (Akram Vignan) is a path in which a person can become such that there will be no one to reprimand him.
Shannon Duffy, Awakening|If you guys wanted to blend in, you shouldn't have send Dimples here. The way some of the women are staring at him, I might end up having to protect him instead. -Relentless
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|If you don't see your own value, don't expect others to as well.
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|The author perceptively outlines what might be an underrated aspect of his subject and of many others whose public achievements are of note – a "gift for friendship". McCullough says Adams, despite his towering intellect and curmudgeonly demeanor, had a soft heart for other people and a genuine interest in their particulars.
Samuel Johnson|our triumphant age of plenty is riddled with darker feelings of doubt, cynicism, distrust, boredom and a strange kind of emptiness
Alasdair Gray|...there were certain chapters when I stopped writing, saw the domestic situation I was in and thought, "I don't want to face this world, let's get back to the hellish one I'm imagining.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The thing that we are trying to do at facebook, is just help people connect and communicate more efficiently.
Anne Fadiman, At Large and at Small: Familiar Essays|The forest stretched on seemingly forever with the most monotonous predictability, each tree just like the next - trunk, branches, leaves; trunk, branches, leaves. Of course a tree would have taken a different view of the matter. We all tend to see the way others are alike and how we differ, and it's probably just as well we do, since that prevents a great deal of confusion. But perhaps we should remind ourselves from time to time that ours is a very partial view, and that the world is full of a great deal more variety than we ever manage to take in.
Joe leigh-Corrigan|Humility is recognizing the fullness of our sin, so we can embrace the fullness of God's mercy.
Michelle Phan|I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the moment of quietness, my strength re-energized
Beilby Porteus|If I am not, may God put me there; and if I am, may God so keep me.
Hassan Rouhani|To an intellectual who is adrift in politics, a theory is an aim; to a true politician his theory is a boundary.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you learn to look at the worldly madness through spiritual eyes, you will begin to see divine balance and sanity.
Abraham Lincoln|Miranda was shocked to hear Nicholas speak of slavery in glowing terms, as an efficient agricultural system. This wasn't the South! Yet as she surveyed her employer's strong dark profile in secret from beneath her long lashes, she was forced to conclude that the role of master suited Nicholas Van Ryn perfectly. Even when she closed her eyes, the impression of cruelty and power remained. But it was herself she saw as the darky slave, stripped of her free will and trembling at her master's approach.
Stephen Reid, A Crowbar in the Buddhist Garden|Social class positioning influences all aspects of everyday interaction – how to talk, if to talk and when, whom to trust, whether or not to plan or risk, what can or cannot be done, how to belong, and who to be. Of course, how people respond to these social interactions depends on how social class intersects with the meanings and practices associated with other significant sociocultural categories (gender, race, ethnicity, age, cohort, religion, geography, sexual orientation) that also influence psychological tendencies.
Chinua Achebe, A Man of the People|In such a regime, I say you died a good death if your life had inspired someone to come forward and shoot your murdered in the chest - without asking to be paid.
Robert Green Ingersoll|Even as far back as when I started acting at 14, I know I've never considered failure.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Human beings have neither kindness, nor faith, nor charity beyond what serves to increase the pleasure of the moment.
Anne Rice|I was just walking around saying “We’re all gonna die!” I never got over it. I went to class, I did what I had to do, but I was a gibbering idiot. It never went away. I never again felt the same way about life and death.
C.J. Redwine, The Shadow Queen|I've got the perfect dress. It's going to knock your socks off."Marcus wasn't sure if that was good or bad, but he couldn't wait to find out.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Even if god was proved beyond doubt that he did not exist. We would still believe in him. We don't need hard facts, we need true emotions.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|You’ve been inexpressibly lucky,” he said finally. “And inexpressibly mad, although in your case the two seem to be the same thing
DaShanne Stokes|If you lay with a scorpion, don't be surprised when it finally stings you.
Adam Scythe, Immortals|When you suspect old age is catching up with you, live faster!
John Linder|On this Veterans Day, let us remember the service of our veterans, and let us renew our national promise to fulfill our sacred obligations to our veterans and their families who have sacrificed so much so that we can live free.
Meenakshi Gigi Durham, The Lolita Effect: The Media Sexualization of Young Girls and What We Can Do About It|In the realm of love and sex, it’s girls who are in the position of working hard to adapt themselves to the needs and fantasies of the mercurial males whose approval and attention they seek.
McKenna Shay, It’s a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Trip: On the Road of the Longest Two-Week Family Road Trip in History|When visiting the Grand Canyon, make sure you hike into the canyon. And be careful not to fall or step in mule poop.
Heather McKenzie|For those who die with honor, the touch of death is simply the unlocking of a door between this life and the next.
M.B. Mohan|In the midst of the naysayers, he kept doubting himself and finally gave up. But all he had to do was to surround himself with positive people to be successful.
Michael Cadnum, Flash|If you come at four in the afternoon, I'll begin to be happy by three.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Percy looked at his friends. "I'm getting tired of this guy's shirt.""Combat time?" Piper grabbed her horn of plenty."I hate wonder bread," Jason said.Together, they charged.
James Ragan|Does it not whet your appetite for the critical opera omnia of such an author, where he will freely have at the lenth and breath of Scripture? Can you not see his promised land flowing with peanut butter and jelly; his apocalypse, in which the great whore of Babylon is given the cup of ginger ale of the fierceness of the wrath of God?
Jet Li|I experience a period of frightening clarity in those moments when nature is so beautiful. I am no longer sure of myself, and the paintings appear as in a dream.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|Vegetables cooked for salads should always be on the crisp side, like those trays of zucchini and slender green beans and cauliflowerets in every trattoria in Venice, in the days when the Italians could eat correctly. You used to choose the things you wanted: there were tiny potatoes in their skins, remember, and artichokes boiled in olive oil, as big as your thumb, and much tenderer...and then the waiter would throw them all into an ugly white bowl and splash a little oil and vinegar over them, and you would have a salad as fresh and tonic to your several senses as La Primavera. It can still be done, although never in the same typhoidic and enraptured air. You can still find little fresh vegetables, and still know how to cook them until they are not quite done, and chill them, and eat them in a bowl.
Randy Alcorn, Happiness|It is God's jealous love that both unnerves us and draws us to Him. His relentless pursuit, His fierce hatred of any rival, and His incomprehensible willingness to anguish on our behalf captures our heart for His love. His jealousy is our shield; it is our promise of eternal protection and passionate exclusivity. it is our confidence that the divine Lover will win His bride.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|I love books, by the way, way more than movies. Movies tell you what to think. A good book lets you choose a few thoughts for yourself.
Grace Draven, Master of Crows|Come in, Martise." Silhara's voice was almost sibilant in the darkness as he tagged on her hand. "There are no soul eaters here." No, she thought. Only heart thieves.
Bob Dylan|He said, first let's just unzip your religion down.
Rachael Ray|When I eat with my friends, it is a moment of real pleasure, when I really enjoy my life.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Oh, honey,” she said, her tone echoing Wattie’s. “I’m not sick. I’m only dying.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Not, how much of my money will I give to God, but, how much of God’s money will I keep for myself?
José Antonio Bowen, Teaching Naked: How Moving Technology Out of Your College Classroom Will Improve Student Learning|It is the dream of every white person to be able to resolve all conflicts by complaining to unrelated parties. Because of this, white people are able to endure years of frustration and anger without saying a word in the hopes that everything will just work itself out without having to make a scene.
Melodie Ramone, After Forever Ends|I made up my mind right then what I really wanted in my life. It was comfort of a home and a family. But more than that, I wanted love. I wanted love to surround me. I wanted to swim in it. I wanted to hold it in my hand like heated sand and pour it through my fingers so it covered my feet. I wanted to taste it, I wanted to smell it. I wanted to wrap myself up in it like a blanket and stay safe and warm inside of it forever. And I wanted to give it. I wanted to drown people in it. I wanted to love with all my heart and be loved just as much in return.
Sameh Elsayed|If you find a community with less production and less inspiring inventions, then know it is a sign of lack of Business Leaders and full of General Managers do not know what they can manage or what they are managing.
Shannon L. Alder|The source to low self-esteem is the lack of control you feel you have in your life. If you spend your life competing with others, trying to make right the wrongs done to you, or waste your time trying to look right, you will never achieve contentment and emotional balance. People you encounter in life can’t be controlled by you. You only have control of yourself. Build your life around a relationship with a higher power and achieving what you’re passionate about. When you let go of what you can’t control, true peace can then enter your life. This is the path to achieving emotional balance.
Jodi Livon|When we are able to see the choices we make through the eyes of self-acceptance, we are transformed.
Adam Smallbone|The real church is comprised of a long list of "formers" who collectively work together for world reform.
Daniel Younger, Zen and the Art of Cannibalism: A Zomedy|So, if the zombies are coming to town, why exactly are we coming back here?”“Don’t call them that.”“But they are—““No, they’re not. They’re mutants or science gone awry orsomething. Anything but zombies.” “How would that be better?
A.A. Milne|God's principles of national transformation will give the opportunity to make positive changes in the country, overcoming crisis in politics, economy, social services and other spheres.
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|When truthsayers have the courage to say the emperor is wearing no clothes, whether you agree with their point of view or not, send them love. They are to be acknowledged for speaking their truth.
Andrea Dworkin, Pornography: Men Possessing Women|Capitalism is not wicked or cruel when the commodity is the whore; profit is not wicked or cruel when the alienated worker is a female piece of meat; corporate bloodsucking is not wicked or cruel when the corporations in question, sell cunt; racism is not wicked or cruel when the black cunt or yellow cunt or red cunt or Hispanic cunt or Jewish cunt has her legs splayed for any man's pleasure; poverty is not wicked or cruel when it is the poverty of dispossessed women who have only themselves to sell; violence by the powerful against the powerless is not wicked or cruel when it is called sex; slavery is not wicked or cruel when it is sexual slavery; torture is not wicked or cruel when the tormented are women, whores, cunts. The new pornography is left-wing; and the new pornography is a vast graveyard where the Left has gone to die. The Left cannot have its whores and its politics too.
Latika Teotia|People try to get off the hook by giving excuses. Actually the reason why they are doing that is to try and get rid of the guilt which invariably accompanies such acts. They are trying to lessen their burden by passing on the responsibility on to others. They mix up excuse with reason. An excuse is an excuse and most certainly not a reason.. Be careful while accepting excuses because you may unwittingly take on responsibilities which were not yours in the first place.There’s another type of excuse- the one you give to yourself. You don’t want to get up early in the morning, or you don’t feel like exercising, or you don’t want to mow the lawn and so on, therefore you will try and justify your action on the pretext that you slept late or couldn’t sleep properly or you have some imaginary ailment or the sky is overcast etc. Actually you are trying to get rid of that guilty feeling of not doing what you ought to have done.
Avijeet Das|Last night the nightingale sat by my window and sang her joyous song of love...Though I loved it, my heart silently missed the beautiful song of your heart beat!
Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart|A snake was never called by its name at night, because it would hear. It was called a string.
Sylvia Earle|I've always enjoyed feeling a connection to the avant-garde, such as Dada and surrealism and pop art. The only thing the artist can do is be honest with themselves and make the art they want to make. That's what I've always done.
Alexander Steele, Writing Fiction: The Practical Guide from New York's Acclaimed Creative Writing School|I'll see you soon. I promise.”And there is, that moment, a shock of recognition. Elijah doesn't even know yet what he is recognizing. There is only the shock. The sense. That feeling of something happening that was meant to happen. Two people fitting in a space and time.For a moment.
Deyth Banger|We are all different in every individual person. But from here I ask myself what do they see when I see a car which is red, what colour do they see, do they see also red and is the same colour which I know red for them?
Mensah Oteh|Routines and daily habits aren’t restrictive. They provide structure, direction, and opportunities for spontaneity.
Tobin T. Buhk, True Crime in the Civil War: Cases of Murder, Treason, Counterfeiting, Massacre, Plunder & Abuse|Formerly these harsh cells in which the discipline of the prison leaves the condemned to himself were composed of four stone walls, a ceiling of stone, a pavement of tiles, a camp bed, a grated air-hole, a double iron door, and were called "dungeons" ; but the dungeon has been thought too horrible; now it is composed ofan iron door, a grated air-hole, a camp bed, a pavement of tiles, a ceiling of stone, four stone walls, and it is called "punishment cell.
Mensah Oteh|Through dreams, your ideas and ideals are brought to reality, so learn to dream of the future you wish to experience.
Debasish Mridha|When I see the darkness and fight,I want to be the love and light.When I see the sadness and suffering,I want to bring happiness and caring.When I see ignorance and agony,I want to cure it as a great alchemy.When I see frustration and torment,I want to bring opportunities to invent.When I see violence and destruction,I want to win by love with great intention.
Reinhold Niebuhr, Beyond Tragedy: Essays on the Christian Interpretation of History|Religion, declares the modern man, is consciousness of our highest social values. Nothing could be further from the truth. True religion is a profound uneasiness about our highest social values.
Alin Sav|If science will ever prove that God does not exist, then we already left this world.
Bryant Loney|Writing is about truth, whether it be fiction or a school essay. Don't give in and 'fake it till you make it.' Criticize what upsets you.
Louis ck|If you have felt any ounce of fear, insecurity, and uncertainty during your work day, then you might be an entrepreneur.
Daniel Willey|Ever since I could read, I’ve wanted to write a book. I never thought I had anything to write about. Maybe you don’t think this is worth writing about. But this book isn’t for you. It’s for me.
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|As of the second decade in the twenty-first century, nearly all acts of terror around the world (as opposed to acts of terror confined to one country, as in the case of the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka) have been committed by Muslims in the name of Islam. Of course the vast majority of Muslims are not terrorists. But this frequently noted fact is meaningless.
Katie Reus, Sworn to Protect|You said that if..." He trailed off, his expression hesitant and oddly defiant. "You said if I kissed you again without your permission, you'd slit my throat. Is that still the case?"	Surprise jolted through her, but somehow she managed to keep her voice steady. "Yes. It is."	He traced the line of her jaw with his fingertips. His touch was so gentle it ignited a spark of fear.	"Then I guess I'll ask permission." He paused. "Can I kiss you?"...	"No." she burst out, shoving his hand away. "You can't.
Joe Blow|A faith so weak that it is not sufficient unto itself but requires that others tiptoe around it for fear of hurting it, knows deep down that it is a lie.
Jay Kristoff, Gemina|All the speed he took, all the turns he'd taken and the corners he'd cut in Night City, and still he'd see the matrix in his sleep, bright lattices of logic unfolding across that colorless void...
Danielle Weiler|How I ever could have thought he was boring or easy was beyond me’ (Daisy, 'Friendship on Fire', p. 471).
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every child should be taught how to read, write and think.
Roger Zelazny, The Courts of Chaos|I saw my earlier selves as different people, acquaintances I had outgrown. I wondered how I could ever have been some of them.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Alice, you might be the product of the biggest ball of ignorance, confidence, and good fortune the universe has ever manufactured. But if you’re thinking that you can take your results at the virtual tables and your grand tactic of Ignorance Is Bliss, and make that work for the Main Event, forget it—it WON'T.
Abigail Thomas, What Comes Next and How to Like It|After all, there are those people we like and dislike, there are those people we love, and then there are those we recognize. These are the unbreakable connections.
Arthur Balfour|A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|My lover asks me:“What is the difference between me and the sky?”The difference, my love,Is that when you laugh,I forget about the sky
Alex Beecroft, Trowchester Blues|You OK?''Yeah,'He didn't believe me, I guess, because he put his arms around me, and we did an awkward sort of hug. We stayed like that for a couple of minutes, with the snow falling harder around us, and the early winter wind picking up, until I melted, and let my head rest on his shoulder, and closed my eyes to the beautiful, terrible world.
Douglas Coupland, All Families are Psychotic|She thought about her life and how lost she’d felt for most of it. She thought about the way that all truths she’d been taught to consider valuable invariably conflicted with the world as it was actually lived. How could a person be so utterly lost, yet remain living?
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Remastered|I’m trying to figure out if you know something that I don’t, or if you’re really this stupid. You might be older and therefore a lot stronger than I am, Sphinx, but I am a mother and a lot more pissed off than you.
Ed McBain|I want to die, stripped, by myself, of all fantasies. That's the goal. I want to feel what is real, at the end, and only what is real. Grip fiercely with my eyes all that is around me--the people of my intimate life, the objects in the room, without the evasions of fantasies.
Dorothy Day|If you fear making anyone mad, then you ultimately probe for the lowest common denominator of human achievement.
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Meditate, Visualize and Create your own reality and the universe will simply reflect back to you.
Sunday Adelaja|For you to know your calling and push aside the veil covering your future, it is necessary to turn to God in prayer and meditate on the Word of God
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|By the way, the Harry Potter series is literature, in spite of what some people might say. The way J.K. Rowling worked that world out is quite something.
Gunter Grass|The family is inclusive of not just your genetic family, but the people that you meet along the way.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Love moves in sync with the cadence of forgiveness, sings in tune with the melody of acceptance, and dances in rhythm with the music of companionship.
Salman Rushdie, Haroun and the Sea of Stories|A little bit of one story joins onto an idea from another, and hey presto, . . . not old tales but new ones. Nothing comes from nothing.
Thomas Becket|The Negro people of America... have cut our forests, tilled our fields, built our railroads, fought our battles, and in all of their trials they have manifested a simple faith, a grateful heart, a cheerful spirit, and an undivided loyalty .
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|That’s why we become witches: to show our scorn of pretending life’s a safe business, to satisfy our passion for adventure. It’s not malice, or wickedness - well, perhaps it is wickedness, for most women love that - but certainly not malice, not wanting to plague cattle and make horrid children spout up pins and - what is it? - “blight the genial bed.
Ron Paul|We need to understand the more government spends, the more freedom is lost...Instead of simply debating spending levels, we ought to be debating whether the departments, agencies, and programs funded by the budget should exist at all.
J.R. Rain, Vampire Dawn|To look deep into your child's eyes and see in him both yourself and something utterly strange, and then to develop a zealous attachment to every aspect of him, is to achieve parenthood's self-regarding, yet unselfish, abandon. It is astonishing how often such mutuality had been realized - how frequently parents who had supposed that they couldn't care for an exceptional child discover that they can. The parental predisposition to love prevails in the most harrowing of circumstances. There is more imagination in the world than one might think.
Keith Olbermann|The potential in many environmental issues is that if you undertake corrective action without appropriate understanding of the problem, then you wind up doing more harm than good.
Kate Willis, Enjoy the Poodle Skirt|I gladly gave my aunt the privilege of scraping off all gum so my job wasn’t as interesting or horrifying. I did find a few more menu drawings--a baby’s scribble, an elaborate tic-tac-toe board, and some stretched out stick figures that made me miss Addie again.
Patrick White|As it is I'm a dated novelist, whom hardly anybody reads, or if they do, most of them don't understand what I am on about. Certainly I wish I had never written Voss, which is going to be everybody's albatross.
Steve Martin|I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty.
Max Weber|Politics is a strong and slow boring of hard boards. It takes both passion and perspective. Certainly all historical experience confirms the truth - that man would not have attained the possible unless time and again he had reached out for the impossible. But to do that a man must be a leader, and not only a leader but a hero as well, in a very sober sense of the word. And even those who are neither leaders nor heroes must arm themselves with that steadfastness of heart which can brave even the crumbling of all hopes. This is necessary right now, or else men will not be able to attain even that which is possible today.
Jael McHenry|I'm dumping the whole box back into your life Ed, every item of you and me. I'm dumping this box on your porch, Ed, but it's you, Ed, who is getting dumped.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|You know I meant it. I am human. And male. And not remotely blind. Do you want me to say it again? You are distractingly, even if-that-is-not-a-real-word pretty. You are so pretty that I bullied Clay Whitaker into drawing me a picture of you so I could look at you when you aren't around. You are so pretty that one of these days I'm going to lose a finger in my garage because I can't concentrate with you so close to me. You are so pretty that I wish you weren't so I wouldn't want to hit every guy at school who looks at you, especially my best friend.
R. A. Delmonico|Evolution of belief systems and issues of control? If something is worth believing in, it is timeless.
Dalma Heyn, Drama Kings: The Men Who Drive Strong Women Crazy|He was too busy checking out and checking in, making and breaking plans, buying and losing cell phones, playing computer games and pool, looking at stock quotes, and living the chaotic life that effectively took up all his energy and time.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|If you like the relationship results you have been getting and don’t see any need for improvement, your status quo may actually be your sweet spot for comfort and contentment. That is a wonderful place to be.However, if you are like most of us, staying stuck in your status quo may prevent you from striving, thriving, and growing in your relationship possibilities.
Gwen Hayes, Falling Under|Do you think it’s easy for me? No, I don’t remember you. I don’t remember holding you or talking to you or falling in love with you—but I walk around with a giant hole in my heart all the time. I feel your absence every second of the day. It aches and nothing soothes it. Losing you is bad enough, but I don’t even get the comfort of remembering that I had you once.-Haden
Todd Stocker|...crossed the room to where a selection of implements was arranged on a table top. These could have been mistaken for the trade tools of a cook, physician, or torturer, save for the fact that the surface on which they rested was a slab of polished pink marble, topping a white and gilt dressing table-cum-sculpture, done up in the new, hyper-Baroque style named Rococo. It was adorned, for example, with several cherubs, bows drawn, eyes asquint, as they drew beads on unseen targets, butt cheeks polished to a luster with jeweler’s rouge. It had, in other words, all the earmarks of a gift that had been sent to the princess by someone with a lot of money who did not know her very well.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|Despite the loss they were suffering, they'd both relaxed - as people do when they realize they've run out of chances for happiness
Kiersten White, Mind Games|Not a very pretty world, is it?""Which one?
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|A prison cell, in which one waits, hopes - and is completely dependent on the fact that the door of freedom has to be opened from the outside, is not a bad picture of Advent
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|The answer is good things only happen to you if you're good. Good? Honest is more what I mean... Be anything but a coward, a pretender, an emotional crook, a whore: I'd rather have cancer than a dishonest heart.
Richard Miller, Solutions for Singers: Tools for Performers and Teachers|A singer whose ear is singly directed to the melodic aspects of a Brahms lied or a Verdi aria lacks perception of the musical web from which the melodic line emerges; the composer's intent may remain unrealized. to sing Schubert, Schumann, Brahms, Wolf, or Strauss lieder without an understanding of underlying harmonic structures is to vocalize on them, not to conceive of them musically and emotionally.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|People tend to see only the stubble fields of transitoriness but overlook and forget the full granaries of the past into which they have brought the harvest of their lives: the deeds done, the loves loved, and last but not least, the sufferings they have gone through with courage and dignity.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Over time, there would be less and less of him and more of the tumor. His brain was being eaten by God. He left the clinic in fine spirits. He had no intention of removing the tumor. It was the perfect solution to his dilemma: how to feed his body's desire for intimacy. He was delusional, of course. There was no higher presence filling him with love, connecting him to all things. It only felt that way. But that was fine. That was ideal. He would not have trusted a God outside his head.
Laura Weakley, What The Torah Teaches Us About Life / Through The Themes Of The Weekly Torah Portions|I pulled the blanket around my shoulders. The sky was dark and vast and empty and not even a plane disturbed that sullen stillness, not even a star. The emptiness above was now mine within. It was a part of me, like a freckle, like a bruise. Like a middle name now one acknowledged.
C.G. Faulkner, Unreconstructed|You can't let him get away with this!" Penny shrieked. Caine wasn’t having it. “You stupid witch,” he yelled back. “No one told you to let it go that far!”“He was mine for the day,” Penny hissed. She pressed a rag to her nose, which had started bleeding again.“He tore his own eyes out. What did you think Quinn would do? What do you think Albert will do now?” He bit savagely at his thumb, a nervous habit.“I thought you were the king!”Caine reacted without thinking. He swung a hard backhand at her face. The blow did not connect, but the thought did. Penny flew backward like she’d been hit by a bus. She smacked hard against the wall of the office.The blow stunned her, and Caine was in her face before she could clear her thoughts.Turk came bursting in, his gun leveled. “What’s happening?”“Penny tripped,” Caine said.Penny’s freckled face was white with fury.“Don’t,” Caine warned. He tightened an invisible grip around her head and twisted it back at an impossible angle.Then Caine released her.Penny panted and glared. But no nightmare seized Caine’s mind. “You’d better hope Lana can fix that boy, Penny.”“You’re getting soft.” Penny choked out the words.“Being king isn’t about being a sick creep,” Caine said. “People need someone in charge. People are sheep and they need a big sheepdog telling them what to do and where to go. But it doesn’t work if you start killing the sheep.”“You’re scared of Albert.” Penny followed it with a mocking laugh.“I’m scared of no one,” Caine said. “Least of all you, Penny. You live because I let you live. Remember that. The kids out there?” He waved his hand toward the window, vaguely indicating the population of Perdido Beach. “Those kids out there hate you. You don’t have a single friend. Now get out of here. I don’t want to see you back here in my presence until you’re ready to crawl to me and beg my forgiveness.
John Jakes, The Seekers|No, It's not fair. But I was thinking more along the lines of the Pentagon and Washington itself. Sometimes I suspect that those who are running things might grow addicted to power. Secrecy's essential in wartime, but once in place, will it ever be removed?
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Invest in people, invest in profits|It doesn't matter to me that my leaving will cost you money. It doesn't matter that my space will take time to fill. What matters is that I'm happy and if you're not willing to invest in me, then I'm willing to cost you money.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|I never thought my life would end like this. Being hunted by mythological creatures in my pajamas. Honestly, it never entered my mind.
Gregory Sherl, The Future for Curious People|You are the child of this universe. For you, she was waiting billions of years.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, The Crimson Curtain|It is easy to give without loving yet DIFFICULT TO LOVE without GIVING.After all Love is a Vern, it must be demonstrated genuinely.
Gayle Forman|Something that's seldom appreciated about me is that I am in sympathy with a great deal of what Marx wrote, except that I'm on the side of the bourgeoisie.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But there are nevertheless three conclusions that seem to follow from our critical examination of the possibilities of inflationary policy. In the first place, all the aims of inflationism can be secured by other sorts of intervention in economic affairs, and secured better, and without undesirable incidental effects. If it is desired to relieve debtors, moratoria may be declared or the obligation to repay loans may be removed altogether; if it is desired to encourage exportation, export premiums may be granted; if it is desired to render importation more difficult, simple prohibition may be resorted to, or import duties levied. All these measures permit discrimination between classes of people, branches of production, and districts, and this is impossible for an inflationary policy. Inflation benefits all debtors, including the rich, and injures all creditors, including the poor; adjustment of the burden of debts by special legislation allows of differentiation. Inflation encourages the exportation of all commodities and hinders all importation; premiums, duties, and prohibitions can be employed discriminatorily.
Katie Heaney, Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date|I can already feel myself falling hard, something I've been known to do. All because she smiled at me.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|He panted over me, winded by his own absurd lecture. The stench of his alcoholic breath stung my nose. Again I didn’t answer. I hoped he’d tire out and end his speech and hobble back to the living room without touching me. Such hopes were unlikely, as was the case this time. 	“Answer me, you good-for-nuthin’ wench!” 	The pain bit instantly as his hand connected with my cheek. I shook my head in answer to his crazy questions, feeling a rise of warm tears.
Dada Bhagwan|What happens by doing ‘pratikraman’? The interferences that we have done (in the past), and its ‘reaction’ which will come (now), on that (reactions), we will not feel like interfering again.
Philip Wollen|We obey people we don't trust, to buy things we don't need, to impress people we don't like, using money we don't have, for gratifications that don't last, killing animals we don't hate, for pleasures that don't satisfy, dreaming of a life we don't deserve, and praying for an afterlife that doesn't exist, we are a stupid species
John F. Kennedy|The great enemy of truth is very often not the lie--deliberate, contrived and dishonest--but the myth--persistent, persuasive and unrealistic. Too often we hold fast to the cliches of our forebears. We subject all facts to a prefabricated set of interpretations. We enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are trying to look clean, neat and avoid casting your nets in trouble waters, you will catch no fish.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Before your reach your destination, you'll find yourself going through the wilderness. There's some survival skills that you'll need master through the wilderness journey. While in the wilderness, your faith will be tried and tested. You'll become humble. Your vision for your life will get clearer. You're in training for your purpose. You'll lose some friends, because there's some folks who are only with you because of where they think your journey will lead THEM. Don't worry, they're a little confused... but it was meant for them to get lost during this phase. Walk on. Continue on your journey. Soon, you'll be approaching the mountain. Get ready to climb!
Lawrence Anthony, The Elephant Whisperer|It struck me that the beauty we attribute to children isn’t something they have that we don’t. It's something they do, which we have long since stopped doing—just describing things as we see them, the simple, unadorned facts.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|In any case, while it is all very well to talk of 'turning points', one can surely only recognise such moments in retrospect. Naturally, when one looks back to such instances today, they may indeed take the appearance of being crucial, precious moments in one's life; but of course, at the time, this was not the impression one had. Rather, it was as though one had available a never-ending number of days, months, years in which to sort out the vagaries of one's relationship with Miss Kenton; an infinite number of further opportunities in which to remedy the effect of this or that misunderstanding. There was surely nothing to indicate at the time that such evidently small incidents would render whole dreams forever irredeemable.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Ah! If you have a self-will in your hearts, pray to God to uproot it. Have you self-love? Beseech the Holy Spirit to turn it out; for if you will always will to do as God wills, you must be happy. I have heard of some good old woman in a cottage, who had nothing but a piece of bread and a little water, and lifting up her hands, she said, as a blessing, "What!? all this, and Christ too?" What is "all this," compared with what we deserve? And I have read of someone dying, who was asked if he wished to live or die; and he said, "I have no wish at all about it." "But if you might wish, which would you choose?" "I would not choose at all." "But if God bade you choose?" "I would beg God to choose for me, for I would not know which to take." Oh happy state! to be perfectly acquiescent, to lie passive in His hand, and know no will but His.
Susan Leona Fisher, The Year I Found Great Aunt Alice|Having a blood family means suddenly revising a definition of family that I have, over many years, learned to accept. How can I hold both concepts in my mind or find room for both families in my heart?
Mary Roach|I think extreme secrecy is a bad sign in all startups. Very few startups die because they tell you exactly how their technology works. On the long list of startup killers, that's pretty far down. Though on the list of entrepreneur fears, it's pretty high.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|In many ways he was like America itself, big and strong, full of good intentions, a roll of fat jiggling at his belly, slow of foot but always plodding along, always there when you needed him, a believer in the virtues of simplicity and directness and hard labor.
Noam Chomsky|Both political parties have moved to the right during the neoliberal period. Today’s New Democrats are pretty much what used to be called “moderate Republicans.” The “political revolution” that Bernie Sanders called for, rightly, would not have greatly surprised Dwight Eisenhower.The fate of the minimum wage illustrates what has been happening. Through the periods of high and egalitarian growth in the ‘50s and ‘60s, the minimum wage—which sets a floor for other wages—tracked productivity. That ended with the onset of neoliberal doctrine. Since then, the minimum wage has stagnated (in real value). Had it continued as before, it would probably be close to $20 per hour. Today, it is considered a political revolution to raise it to $15.
Bobby Darnell|To a man with an internet connection, every thought and every movement sounds like a tweet or status update.
Sarvesh Jain, The Awakening Wisdom of Life: Probably the best Quotation Book in the world|You can cage their wings, you can't cage their spirit.
Buzz Aldrin|A monkey is unaware that atoms exist. Likewise, our brainpower may not stretch to the deepest aspects of reality. The bedrock nature of space and time, and the structure of our entire universe, may remain 'open frontiers' beyond human grasp.
Denis Waitley|When one must, one can.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|Question and AnswerDurban, Birmingham,Cape Town, Alabama,Johannesburg, Watts,The earth aroundStruggling, fighting,Dying--for what?A world to gain.Groping, hoping,Waiting--for what?A world to gain.Dreams kicked asunder,Why not go under?There's a world to gain.But suppose I don't want it,Why take it?To remake it.
Sylvester Stallone|I understand why people went nuts for 'The Artist.' We use words so much, it's nice to be able to explore a different way of communication, to be able to express silently what someone - or something - is thinking or feeling.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Surrender|The key to friendship with God, he said, is not changing what you do, but changing your attitude toward what you do.
Matthew Donnelly|The greatest way to overcome resentment of past is by gratitude of present. What you have, your friends your family, the things that you have overcome but most importantly what you plan to do now. Self Actualization states that we can have what ever we want in the future by acting as if we already have it now.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|You can start on a clean slate or make excuses, but you can't do both.
Craig Schaefer, The Long Way Down|A fresh bottle of Jack waited on the end table, but for the first time in weeks I didn’t feel the need to pour a nightcap. The music was better.
C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life|You will remember how, as a schoolboy, I had destroyed my religious life by a vicious subjectivism which made 'realizations' the aim of prayer; turning away from God to seek states of mind, and trying to produce those states of mind by 'maistry'.
Anup Joshi|In time of war, under the banner of an enemy recognisable as such, a foreigner from a camp outside the lines, the imperial idea grew strong in confidence and temper. The British democracy rallied to the call of a strong leadership, and it was not just in rhetorical enthusiasm but with considerable personal satisfaction that Churchill hailed the year 1940-1 as the British people's 'finest hour'. He, with other imperialists, was delighted by the fact that, when it came to the sticking-place, it was the old-fashioned loyalty of the reactionary British Empire to all that was symbolised by allegiance to Crown and country that came forward to save European civilisation from utter overthrow by German tyranny...The days of showing the flag—even for only a momentary glimpse, such as wall that inhabitants of Greece and Crete and Dieppe had of it—had returned. The Empire was the Empire once more, and to 10, Downing Street returned that imperial control that two generations of Dominion opinion had combined to condemn as sinister.
Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor|The revolutionary Terror, which is attacked for its revolutionary tribunal, its law of suspects and its guillotine, was a process welded to a regime of popular sovereignty in which the object was to conquer tyranny or die for liberty. This Terror was willed by those who, having won sovereign power by dint of insurrection, refused to let this be destroyed by counter-revolutionary enemies
Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder|If you're patriotic, stand up for the Bill of Rights because once they strip your rights from you, you will pay hell to get them back. You will and we're in the process of it right now.
Melissa Brayden, Strawberry Summer|I almost trust her to burn the bridges while standing at the cliff herself. She hardly agrees to be on the same page as others, either ahead of all or all in a different book.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Dreams are like living things; they can grow, they can suffer disabilities, they can have deficiency diseases and they can also die off when they meet unfavourable and favourable conditions respectively.
Steven Aitchison|Think about it for a second:Babies are not born prejudice, they are not racist,they don’t hate, they don’t judge, and are not born believing in christianity, buddhism, sikhism, hinduism, judaism or any other ism.We, as adults, teach them all these things.
Ben Stein|'Friends With Benefits': it feels like a two-hander to me, but it is a big movie, and this is the first straightforward male I've been able to play. I would describe my character in 'The Social Network' as a kind of sociopath. I would describe my character in 'Bad Teacher' as... just a weirdo. But this is a male's male.
Michael Leunig|A city like London is sociable in a sense that there are people gathering in bars and restaurants, concerts and lectures. Yet you can partake of all these experiences and never say hello to anyone new. And one of the things that all religions do is take groups of strangers into a space and say it is OK to talk to each other.
Gift Gugu Mona|If you woke up tomorrow to only the things you've expressed your gratitude for today, then what would be missing from your life in the morning?
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Criticizing is easy, performing is difficult.
Brandi L. Bates, Red Flags|You telling me God love you, and you ain't never done nothing for him? I mean, not go to church, sing in the choir, feed the preacher and all like that?But if God love me, Celie, I don't have to do all that. Unless I want to. There's a lot of other things I can do that I speck God likes. Like what? I ast. Oh, she say. I can lay back and just admire stuff. Be happy. Have a good time. Well, this sounds like blasphemy sure nuff. She say, Celie, tell the truth, have you ever found God in church? I never did. I just found a bunch of folks hoping for him to show. Any God I ever felt in church I brought in with me. And I think all the other folks did too. They come to church to share God, not find God.
Lyanda Lynn Haupt, Crow Planet: Essential Wisdom from the Urban Wilderness|Like many another materialist, that is, he lied cleverly on the basis of insufficient knowledge, because the knowledge supplied seemed to his own particular intelligence inadmissible.("The Wendigo")
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|Because when you love someone very much, it's difficult to learn to share her with someone else.
Evy Michaels|There is an evil creeping insideThe darkness has a firm hold on meThere is a desire burning withinAmbition seeks to replace the air I breatheThere is a voice, relentless voice in my headMy peace has abandoned meThere is nothing but lonelinessA hollow place I can't traceA void filled with nothing but space A sorrow with which no one can relateI'm just an innocent girl longing for tranquillityBut I'm fading awayFear has taken over me
E. L. Neve|You were my marital bliss,” he said to me this morning. “You can be again!” You know what I answered? “A marital blister, that’s what we’ll have if I stay.
Jennifer Rush, Reborn|Studying wine taught me that there was a very big difference between soil and dirt: dirt is to soul what zombies are to humans. Soil is full of life, while dirt is devoid of it.
Chuck Close|Solitude is good in the evening. Dublin is a quiet city when you get to a certain age, when your friends settle down and have kids. Nothing much happens here.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|But it was like a dance across a field strewn with razors, and I bled with every step I took.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|...[A] certain degree of un-understanding (not mis-, but un-) is the only possible sanctuary which one human being can offer to another in the midst of the devastating intimacy of a happy marriage.
Russell Brand|Ignorance is a horrible thing. But arrogance, the belief that knowing a little more than the ignorant makes you wise, is more horrible still.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|As I ate the oysters with their strong taste of the sea and their faint metallic taste that the cold white wine washed away, leaving only the sea taste and the succulent texture, and as I drank their cold liquid from each shell and washed it down with the crisp taste of the wine, I lost the empty feeling and began to be happy and to make plans.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|Usually, I set one foot in a library and I feel my own internal volume lower. A library is a physical equivalent of a sigh. It's the silence, sure, but it's also the certainty of all those books, the way they stand side by side with their still, calm conviction. It's the reassurance of knowledge in the face of confusion.
Andrena Sawyer|God's judgment is not like man's judgment. It is not a suspension of His Love but an extension of His Love. His justice is always righteous, so His judgment is always Love.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|A 20/20 mindset produces clarity, joy, and peace in your life. It produces RESULTS.
Steven Magee|The Democratic Party would like to be re-elected so that they can continue to uphold almost no Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) whistle-blower complaints, enforce hardly any police internal affairs allegations, and corrupt corporations with lobbyists can continue operating outside of the law.
Ernest K. Gann, Fate Is the Hunter|Such ordeals always strike one with their strangeness, their digression from the normal flow of events, and often provoke a universal protest: "Why me?" Be sure that this is not a question but an outcry. The person who screams it has been instilled with an astonishing suspicion that he, in fact, has been the perfect subject for a very specific "weird," a tailor-made fate, and that a prior engagement, in all its weirdness, was fulfilled at the appointed time and place.
Elle A. Rose, Hideaway Hill|It was strange, this toxic little vein, strange to stand above it, looking down at night, in a dangerous neighborhood, as if they were in love and entitled to such adventures.
Natalie Crown, The Wolf's Cry|No.’ Dorren shifted onto his knees, leaning towards her. ‘This is just the beginning, you’ll see. You are his weakness and you will ruin everything.
Jay Woodman|To lose a problem, do not oppose, let go of any need to control, perhaps it's all an illusion we project, more like a game we play than real?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Patience is the transcendent radiance of a loving and tender heart which, in its dealings with those around it, looks kindly and graciously upon them.
Paul Bloom|I think most of the time you can make something happen, and it's about not letting your imagination be limited by that.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|The power of your smile accompanied me on my way; but your tears, the tears of concern for me, I will carry forever in my heart.
Thomas Jefferson, The Papers of Thomas Jefferson: Retirement Series, Volume 10: 1 May 1816 to 18 January 1817|People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public, or in some contrivance to raise prices.
Brian Cox|Evan Wolfson is a dear friend of mine. Almost more than any other, Evan is responsible for bringing the issue of marriage equality to the forefront of our struggle for civil rights. He is a courageous pioneer who has been relentless in this battle for marriage equality.
Mark Twain|Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness.
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen: How One Girl Risked Her Marriage, Her Job, and Her Sanity to Master the Art of Living|If there's a sexier sound on this planet than the person you're in love with cooing over the crepes you made for him, I don't know what it is.
Ron Howard|People make their own fates, and if enough of us make our fate to be space explorers, perhaps we can actually get some space exploration done.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Gage opens the door. I’m not sure whether he gets out or Logan yanks him into the street, but a fight erupts. Full throttle kicks to the balls
Michelle Warren, He + She|Kids, Roberts,” she said, just to be clear. “I have fertile eggs in me, and I’m talking about havingbabies.”She waited for the eye twitch. Or hell, even a tiny twinge.Instead, with a smile, he pulled her in for a kiss.
Victoria Wen|To forgive is a decision, to forget takes effort, to heal is a process, to believe again takes courage.
Toby Fox|If you brave in life, you get the best of life.
Stacey Farber|I'm not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I'm definitely an individual.
C. JoyBell C.|Dear young woman, do not place your sense of beauty and self worth, upon the plastic pedestal called "what other people say to you", "what other people think about your photo", "how many 'likes' your pictures get", "how many guys tell you that you look sexy", "how skinny can you be?". A plastic pedestal that is but the dismal shadow of the real one. Dear young woman, place your sense of self worth and beauty upon the Roman marble pedestal that will exist even when all other people are no longer there. If you were the very last person on this planet, you should still be able to know within your heart that you are worthy, you are beautiful, you are wanted. Even if you become the very last person on Earth, you should be fully wanted. Want yourself. Know yourself. See yourself as beautiful, see yourself as worthy.
Thomas Pynchon, Slow Learner: Early Stories|Everybody gets told to write about what they know. The trouble with many of us is that at the earlier stages of life we think we know everything- or to put it more usefully, we are often unaware of the scope and structure of our ignorance.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|I spread eggshells all over my room, so anyone who tries to get close when I sleep will know what they're walking on
Don George|I stood there, battered by the raw power and sheer magnificence of a land I'd never known
Mark  Gordon, The Snail's Castle|I had a dream. In the dream someone was critical of my newest novel The Snail's Castle. I said, "don't worry about it. If you don't like it, just throw it out the window." I awoke, grinning, with a wonderful feeling of freedom.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Do you want to change?" "It's the only evidence of life.
Ann Landers|The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Matthew T.  Cross, The Resume Design Book: How to Write a Resume in College & Influence Employers to Hire You [Color Edition]|Take the path less traveled and learn from your mistakes. Don’t just let life happen around you; control your future. Learn to ask questions, set small goals, and dream of big ones. Absorb any criticism and let it fuel you. Convince others that you are worthy of your dream, and show them that you are willing to put up a damn good fight for it.
Bertrand Russell|If I were to suggest that between the Earth and Mars there is a china teapot revolving about the sun in an elliptical orbit, nobody would be able to disprove my assertion provided I were careful to add that the teapot is too small to be revealed even by our most powerful telescopes. But if I were to go on to say that, since my assertion cannot be disproved, it is an intolerable presumption on the part of human reason to doubt it, I should rightly be thought to be talking nonsense. If, however, the existence of such a teapot were affirmed in ancient books, taught as the sacred truth every Sunday, and instilled into the minds of children at school, hesitation to believe in its existence would become a mark of eccentricity and entitle the doubter to the attentions of the psychiatrist in an enlightened age or of the Inquisitor in an earlier time.
Gina Damico, Scorch|Well, remember, active Grims can't have children. Fertility is adversley affected by the proximity to the ether, to Elixir, and all sorts of other components-- plus, the Grimsphere is no place to raise a family, even if woman conceive here."Lex snuck a glance at Driggs, but Uncle Mort caught her."That doesn't mean you get a free pass to ride the baloney pony when ever you want to. Got it?
George Washington|Guys will NEVER understand what it is like to be a girl and all the pain we have to deal with therefore they should shut up about things they don't understand. Likewise girls will NEVER know what it is like to be a guy and all the pressure they deal with, so shut up girls as well.
Iain M. Banks, Look to Windward|I have seen people who find that grief gives them something they never had before, and no matter how terrible and real their loss they choose to hug that awfulness to them rather than push it away.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Intermittently she caught the gist of his sentences and supplied the rest from her subconscious, as one picks up the striking of a clock in the middle with only the rhythm of the first uncounted strokes lingering in the mind.
Luis Buñuel, My Last Sigh|As inexplicable as the accidents that set it off, our imagination is a crucial privilege. I've tried my whole life simply to accept the images that present themselves to me without trying to analyze them. I remember when we were shooting That Obscure Object of Desire in Seville and I suddenly found myself telling Fernando Rey, at the end of a scene, to pick up a big sack filled with tools lying on a bench, sling it over his shoulder, and walk away. The action was completely irrational, yet it seemed absolutely right to me. Still, I was worried about it, so I shot two versions of the scene: one with the sack, one without. But during the rushes the following day, the whole crew agreed that the scene was much better with the sack. Why? I can't explain it, and I don't enjoy rummaging around in the cliches of psychoanalysis.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The surface of learning is hearing what your ears aren't prepared to hear, and the core of learning is hearing what your ears don't want to hear.
Thomas Jefferson|The probable accumulation of the surpluses of revenue beyond what can be applied to the payment of the public debt... merits the consideration of Congress. Shall it lie unproductive in the public vaults?...Or shall it rather be appropriated to the improvements of roads, canals, rivers, education, and other great foundations of prosperity and union
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, Do It Scared. Being scared is a precursor to bravery, otherwise, it wouldn’t be bravery, would it? Mustering the courage to stretch beyond your familiar territory is a rewarding act in itself.
Mick Jagger|Personal identity seems like it's just such an American archetype, from Holly Golightly re-inventing herself in 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' to Jay Gatsby in 'The Great Gatsby.' It seems like the sort of archetypal American issue. If you're given the freedom to be anything, or be anyone, what do you do with it?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Disciplining a child is easier than disciplining a grown person, and forgiving a child’s insolence is easier than forgiving a grown person's impudence.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Don’t lose yourself in the process of caring for others. Don’t overdo it as if you don’t need any care to give to yourself. It’s true, you are special too!
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|The  thought system which dominates our culture is laced with selfish values, and relinquishing those values is a lot easier said than done. The journey to a pure heart can be highly disorienting.  For years, we may have worked for power, money or prestige.  Now all of a sudden we've learned that these are just the values of a dying world.
John Shelby Spong|When more Americans prefer freebies to freedom, these great United States will become a fertile ground for tyranny.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|...as I get older, I find myself insisting on my right to be philosophically sloppy.
Holly Hood, Ink|In the midst of the battle between rebellion and surrender Bantry was suddenly uncertain what Flynn was starved for. The sensuality of a man’s kiss? Or the rich, iron taste of blood?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Your direct eye contact is one of the best compliments you can give another human being. You are subliminally telling them that you are listening, they matter, and that what they have to say is important.
Avina Celeste|Take care of your health. Don't look for one quick fix to cure all your ailments. Take the time every day to help your mind, body, and soul heal. It is extremely important for your daily happiness to know that you are supporting your health instead of hurting it.
Paul Graham, Hackers & Painters: Big Ideas from the Computer Age|The recipe for great work is: very exacting taste, plus the ability to gratify it.
Jane Elliot|The year I turned 16, I spent the weeks before Christmas dropping hints to my parents about how much I wanted - no, needed - my own transportation.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|We live and learn, change and grow. Older, but not always wiser. Stronger but not necessarily smarter. Life is a dance of steps taken forward and backwards, time spent standing still, and twirling in circles as we follow our own shadows.
Brian K. Vaughan|You can write a little and can draw a little, but there's necessarily a limitation on both in a comic strip, since it appears in such a tiny space.
Mercedes Lackey, Dead Reckoning|My story ended where so many stories have ended since the Rising: with a man—in this case, my adoptive brother and best friend, Shaun—holding a gun to the base of my skull as the virus in my blood betrayed me, transforming me from a thinking human being into something better suited to a horror movie.
Ian McGuire, The North Water|The redundancy of flesh, he thinks, the helplessness of meat, how can we conjure spirit from a bone?
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|Success in this industry is not in finding the right person, but in becoming the right person.” mlmtalkies.com
Marie Lu, Legend|210Suffering engenders passion; and while the prosperous blind themselves, or go to sleep, the hatred of the unfortunate classes kindles its torch at some sullen or ill-constituted mind, which is dreaming in a corner, and sets to work to examine society. The examination of hatred is a terrible thing.”Suffering begets rage, and while the prosperous turn a blind eye, or nod off which is always the same thing as shutting your eyes, the hate of the unprosperous masses has hits torch lit by some malcontent or warped mind dreaming away in a corner, somewhere, and it begins to examine society. Examination by hate is a terrible thing.
Louise Erdrich, The Plague of Doves|I am part of what she thinks is her illness, a symptom of which she thinks she has been cured. She, on the other hand, is what I was looking for.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who has won over duality is adwait (non-duality; state of oneness, free from duality-state). With a transparent inner vision one can attain a state beyond duality.
John William Draper, History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science|The history of Science is not a mere record of isolated discoveries; it is a narrative of the conflict of two contending powers, the expansive force of the human intellect on one side, and the compression arising from traditionary faith and human interests on the other.
Bryan Ferry|I'm 19, I'm a girl, I'm very young, I like all sorts of different things, I like all sorts of different styles of music, I like all sorts of different styles of clothes, I like all sorts of different colors of hair.
Voltaire, Le Fanatisme Ou Mahomet Le Prophète: Tragédie|What we find in books is like the fire in our hearths. We fetch it from our neighbors, we kindle it at home, we communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all.
Thomas Sowell, Basic Economics: A Citizen's Guide to the Economy|They came to the high stone shaft with the face of Sul; they descended to the terrace below. And here Caradog waited, leaning on his silver-tipped rod and eying the horizon, until the delicate slip of the new moon moved out from behind the shoulder of Mount Damyake, with the mysterious, shadowy ghost of the old moon cradle inside it, like an egg inside its egg cup."Now it is time," he
Elizabeth Hand, Illyria|But talent—if you don't encourage it, if you don't train it, it dies. It might run wild for a little while, but it will never mean anything. Like a wild horse. If you don't tame it and teach it to run on track, to pace itself and bear a rider, it doesn't matter how fast it is. It's useless.
Martha Stewart|Once you have to start counting calories, it takes away from the joy of eating.
C. JoyBell C.|Every girl and every woman, has the potential to make this world a better place, and that potential lies in the act of thinking higher thoughts and feeling deeper things. When women and girls, everywhere, begin to see themselves as more than inanimate objects; but as beautiful beings capable of deep feelings and high thoughts, this has the capacity to create change all around. The kind of change that is for the better. Remember: High in the head and deep in the heart. Antlers on your mind and anchors in your heart.
Yahtzee Croshaw|Compulsion: noun, mass noun; an ability possessed by certain Que Cum Virtute Judicium (Virts) to force someone to do something or create an irresistible urge to behave in a certain way
Christina G. Hibbert Psy.D.|Families that feel together, heal together.
Melinda Gates|In a fit at the bookstore one day, I bought all my favourite composers' biographies: Schubert, Massenet, Wolf. I've still not had a chance to read them; it breaks my heart. But when you travel so much, you just can't take that many books with you.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|If he says he doesn't love you anymore and does love this other woman, you've got to accept it. Maybe he will come back, maybe he won't, but either way, you've got to live through this.
Bob Proctor|The person who has a highly evolved will they think, they build an image and they focus on that image.”― Bob Proctor
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|Regardless of whether people have free will, human flourishing requires that they live in an environment in which they are treated as if they did.
Pottermore Limited|[But] I fear that in the individual lives of all but a few, the balance is in debit - we do so little that is positive good, even if we negatively avoid what is actively evil.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Change moves incrementally from breath to breath and moment to moment, allowing for course-correction along the way.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Seven Human Needs: A Practical Guide to Finding Harmony and Balance in Everyday Life|Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke fat, lazy or stupid. Those things are just what happens to you when you dont have a plan.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|To ParentsTeach your child what they should know if not, their friends will teach them with wrong information.They will suffer the consequences of not knowing which results to hard life, suffering and being bad people with no morlas in life.
Margaret Atwood, Alias Grace|What is believed in society is not always the equivalent of what is true; but as regards to a woman's reputation, it amounts to the same thing.
Joy Baer, Storytelling Frescoes|I love a good 2,000 year old storytelling fresco!
Julie Anne Long, The Runaway Duke|What happens next?" she whispered.Connor turned to her and smiled faintly. Always a question, that was Rebecca.There's more?" he said in mock wondermentRebecca dimpled.You know very well there is more."Tell me all about it," he encouraged.In Papa's book—"Tell me all about it without mentioning your papa.
Vernon Howard|We have enforced a Darwinian process on wolves, turning them into the shy and elusive animals they've become. They didn't have that fear of us 30,000 years ago. We didn't have gunpowder; we had rocks. Wolves would have seen us as lunch, and we were weak and slow and tasty.
George Foreman|Death was constant, unprejudiced to age, race, or creed.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|When you meet an extraordinary person, it’s like they get inside you, under your ribs, and shuffle everything inside you around until they find space for greatness to grow. But extraordinary people always get away. And when they leave, they take that little part of you with them. Suddenly you find yourself with a gap in your chest that you don’t know how to live with. Suddenly you’re frightened of being yourself without them.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Fate|There was never one truth. Even the Higgs could still be used to prove opposing theories, its mass falling between them on a chart. Besides, I told myself, my breathing heavy, eyes widening until they bulged, I was post-truth.
Samuel Butler|I long to embrace, to include in my own short life, all that is accessible to man. I long to speak, to read, to wield a hammer in a great factory, to keep watch at sea, to plow. I want to be walking along the Nevsky Prospect, or in the open fields, or on the ocean — wherever my imagination ranges.
Claire Danes|I dress well. I travel; I seem to be relatively glamorous for a film guy - which, to me, is like being the fastest midget in the circus.
Ikechukwu Joseph|It is true that often she doesn't want advice; she wants a listening ear. At the same time, however, the wise wife will realize her husband's desire to help and advise is strong. She should refrain from getting angry and humor him a bit, as one wife did by saying, "Thanks for the input. I know I am not the brightest bulb on the tree when it comes to certain things. I am glad we have each other.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Nel profondo avrei tanto voluto tagliare il filo che mi teneva avvinta ai miei tredici anni, reciderlo dalla radice, ma questa quercia millenaria aveva affondato le sue innumerevoli ramificazioni intorno all'anima e stringeva così forte, da inchiodarmi al terreno dei ricordi.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|As the cool and deliberate sense of the community ought, in all governments, and actually will, in all free governments, ultimately prevail over the views of its rulers; so there are particular moments in public affairs when the people, stimulated by some irregular passion, or some illicit advantage, or misled by the artful misrepresentations of interested men, may call for measures which they themselves will afterwards be the most ready to lament and condemn.
Kristin Armstrong|When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult.
Chuck Wendig, 250 Things You Should Know About Writing|The writer is editor, marketer, blogger, reader, thinker, designer, publisher, public speaker, budget-maker, contract reader, trouble-shooter, coffee-hound, liver-pickler, shame-farmer, god, devil, gibbering protozoa.
Mikhail Baryshnikov|The history of the music industry is inevitably also the story of the development of technology. From the player piano to the vinyl disc, from reel-to-reel tape to the cassette, from the CD to the digital download, these formats and devices changed not only the way music was consumed, but the very way artists created it.
Anne Tyler|People imagine that missing a loved one works kind of like missing cigarettes. The first day is really hard but the next day is less hard and so forth, easier and easier the longer you go on. But instead it’s like missing water. Every day, you notice the person’s absence more.
Scott Herring|The past is not another country; it is another life. The texture of daily living is different now than in the past, more different the further back we look, until we find people whose experiences created a psychology we might find baffling or rude. Many details that once made up the daily round are lost to us because people considered them too trivial to write down. Knowing the past means knowing what people carried in their pockets, what they did with their sewage, where their dogs slept. Those details may seem unimportant, but what they convey is not.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|At times, said the founder of the Chicago Tribune, Lincoln seemed to reach into the clouds and take out the thunderbolts.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Man doeth this and doeth that from the good or evil of his heart; but he knows not to what end his sense doth prompt him; for when he strikes he is blind to where the blow shall fall, nor can he count the airy threads that weave the web of circumstance. Good and evil, love and hate, night and day, sweet and bitter, man and woman, heaven above and the earth beneath--all those things are needful, one to the other, and who knows the end of each?
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|I knew who I was this morning, but I've changed a few times since then.
S.J. Pow, The Calling|Like the dark clouds above that promised rain but withheld it, her presence there was a lie. For in truth, this horrific slaughter had already damned the small race; their fate had already come and gone.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|The moderns, carrying little baggage of the kind that Shelly called "merely cultural," not even living in the traditional air, but breathing into their space helmets a scientific mixture of synthetic gases (and polluted at that) are the true pioneers. Their circuitry seems to include no atavistic domestic sentiment, they have suffered empathectomy, their computers hum no ghostly feedback of Home, Sweet Home. How marvelously free they are! How unutterably deprived!
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life is not the trouble, the ‘wrong belief’ is the trouble [oopadhi]. What happens when you believe that which is not yours, as being yours? You will be in trouble.
Maya Angelou|Alone"Lying, thinkingLast nightHow to find my soul a homeWhere water is not thirstyAnd bread loaf is not stoneI came up with one thingAnd I don’t believe I’m wrongThat nobody,But nobodyCan make it out here alone.Alone, all aloneNobody, but nobodyCan make it out here alone.There are some millionairesWith money they can’t useTheir wives run round like bansheesTheir children sing the bluesThey’ve got expensive doctorsTo cure their hearts of stone.But nobodyNo, nobodyCan make it out here alone.Alone, all aloneNobody, but nobodyCan make it out here alone.Now if you listen closelyI’ll tell you what I knowStorm clouds are gatheringThe wind is gonna blowThe race of man is sufferingAnd I can hear the moan,‘Cause nobody,But nobodyCan make it out here alone.Alone, all aloneNobody, but nobodyCan make it out here alone.
Barry Pain, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|Perhaps the prayer that is offered when the time for praying is over is more terribly pathetic than any other. Yet one might hesitate to say that this prayer was unanswered.("The Undying Thing")
J.E. Johnson|If you can think of your lover in six senses, then I'd say you're nailed. They've got themselves wrapped around your heart. And your cock. (...) Six senses? (...) Sight, sound, taste, scent, touch, and the other, that thing you can't figure out that means everything. 
Russell Baker|Early Summer, loveliest season,The world is being colored in.While daylight lasts on the horizon,Sudden, throaty blackbirds sing.The dusty-colored cuckoo cuckoos."Welcome, summer" is what he says.Winter's unimaginable.The wood's a wickerwork of boughs.Summer means the river's shallow,Thirsty horses nose the pools.Long heather spreads out on bog pillows.White bog cotton droops in bloom.Swallows swerve and flicker up.Music starts behind the mountain.There's moss and a lush growth underfoot.Spongy marshland glugs and stutters.Bog banks shine like ravens' wings.The cuckoo keeps on calling welcome.The speckled fish jumps; and the strongSwift warrior is up and running.A little, jumpy, chirpy fellowHits the highest note there is;The lark sings out his clear tidings.Summer, shimmer, perfect days.
Jellis Vaes|Don't waste this life being sad, angry or depressed as you just don't have as much time as you think you do.
Zhuangzi|I cannot let my blood pressure rise because someone wishes to spread his or her bad day around, as if to dilute instead of multiply it.
Albert Schweitzer|For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|I admire the person who can write it right off. Mencken once said that a person who thinks clearly can write well. But I don't think clearly--too many thoughts bump into one another. Trains of thought run on a track of the Central Nervous System--the New York Central Nervous System, to make it worse.
John Webster, The Duchess of Malfi|He might be famous (local newspaper or television) for finding it, true—but if fame takes away the thing it celebrates, then Sebastien would prefer the inspired silence. We’re all famous in our own hearts anyway.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|There are a range of useful and illuminating analyses of the media construction of organised abuse as it became front-page news in the 1980s and 1990s (Kitzinger 2004, Atmore 1997, Kelly 1998), but this book is focused on organised abuse as a criminal practice; as well as a discursive object of study, debate and disagreement. These two dimensions of this topic are inextricably linked because precisely where and how organised abuse is reported to take place is an important determinant of how it is understood. Prior to the 1980s, the predominant view of the police, psychiatrists and other authoritative professionals was that organised abuse occurred primarily outside the family where it was committed by extra-familial ‘paedophiles’. This conceptualisation; of organised abuse has received enduring community support to the present day, where concerns over children’s safety is often framed in terms of their vulnerability to manipulation by ‘paedophiles’ and ‘sex rings’. This view dovetails more generally with the medico-legal and media construction of the ‘paedophile as an external threat to the sanctity of the family and community (Cowburn and Dominelli 2001) but it is confounded by evidence that organised abuse and other forms of serious sexual abuse often originates in the home or in institutions, such as schools and churches, where adults have socially legitimate authority over children.
Darmie O-Lujon|If people could fall apart, why couldn't they fall back together?
Tanya Gambhir|She knew he was gone when his " call me when you reach home " reduced to " bye " and his unsaid goodnight with kisses turned to " gn tc sd ". ~
Susan C. Young|The great thing about redirecting is that if you miss the mark and miss your goal, you can simply change course. When you are heading down a certain path, and feel like you may be heading the wrong way, stop, turn back, redirect, or ask for directions.
Roy T. Bennett|It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
David Baldacci, Hell's Corner|What I want done, ain't a job of one. I need many me.
Liz  Long, The Constitution: It's the OS for the Us|Somehow, all the talk about tenure and anthropology had given her visions of a thick-walled, libraried adobe, the kind of place that was covered with kilim rugs and fertility sculptures. The white stucco in front of her looked only slightly more substantial than a roadside weigh station.
Simon Mainwaring|A lion's work hours are only when he's hungry; once he's satisfied, the predator and prey live peacefully together.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|It was inevitable, of course, but somehow it didn't seem right to Alex that they would never remember the sound of Carly's laughter, or know how deeply she'd once loved them.
Jun Mochizuki|The most beautiful women in the world are the ones that can stand as rivals on the battlefield of love, yet they can still see each other’s pain. They can set down their swords for only just a moment to acknowledge the beauty of the warrior that stands before them—the passion, the fearlessness and the relentless fire that never gives up. It is in this moment that we learn that it is not the man that sees the worth of the hearts torn by battle in his honor; it is the women who have suffered for so long. Two women that can “see” clearly the worth of the other, even while they grow weary from their wounds is the only kind of beauty that matters. For if there wasn’t two worthy opponents there would be no war in love.
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|It can happen sometimes, with those who brood on an injustice, that a taste for revenge can usefully combine with a sense of obligation.
Emma Goldman, Marriage and Love| Free love? As if love is anything but free! Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love. Man has subdued bodies, but all the power on earth has been unable to subdue love. Man has conquered whole nations, but all his armies could not conquer love. Man has chained and fettered the spirit, but he has been utterly helpless before love. High on a throne, with all the splendor and pomp his gold can command, man is yet poor and desolate, if love passes him by. And if it stays, the poorest hovel is radiant with warmth, with life and color. Thus love has the magic power to make of a beggar a king. Yes, love is free; it can dwell in no other atmosphere. In freedom it gives itself unreservedly, abundantly, completely. All the laws on the statutes, all the courts in the universe, cannot tear it from the soil, once love has taken root.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Five Ups of life: Buckle up, Start up, Keep it up, Don’t give up, Cheer up.
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|I understand if you choose to leave. If it means you get to live, I'd let you go. But you need to know, I won't ever regret a moment we've spent together
Matshona Dhliwayo|To appreciate pleasure, someone had to experience pain; to appreciate joy, some had to experience sorrow; to appreciate love, some had to experience heartache; to appreciate freedom, some had to experience fear.
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|There's such a lot of different Annes in me. I sometimes think that is why I'm such a troublesome person. If I was just the one Anne it would be ever so much more comfortable, but then it wouldn't be half so interesting.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|The warrior guided by the spirit serves humanity, the warrior without, serves the ego
Charles Bukowski|Education was the new god, and educated men the new plantation masters.
Frank O'Hara|Kerouac: You're ruining American poetry, O'Hara.O'Hara: That's more than you ever did for it, Kerouac
James Dillehay, Overcoming the 7 Devils That Ruin Success|The intelligence of the heart bypasses the intellect in the head which works on assumptions and requires a lot of thinking and confusion and makes a person tired and weak. But, the heart intelligence is not only direct and to the point, it also gives you energy, vitality and strength.
Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts|The stars, like the hollow eyes of a god forgotten, marry the sadness of the exhausted hour and inspire a little chaos, a little gentleness, to those below. I look up at the sky and see everything I’ve ever lost,waiting for me.
Leonardo da Vinci, Thoughts on Art and Life|Painting is mute poetry, and poetry is blind painting
Magan Vernon, A Paper Trail|Come let us haste, the stars grow high, But night sits monarch yet in the mid sky.
Allan Kaprow, Essays on the Blurring of Art and Life|Most humans, it seems, still put up fences around their acts and thoughts – even when these are piles of shit – for they have no other way of delimiting them. Contrast Paleolithic cave paintings, in which animals and magical markings are overlayed with no differentiation or sense of framing. But when some of us have worked in natural settings, say in a meadow, woods, or mountain range, our cultural training has been so deeply ingrained that we have simply carried a mental rectangle with us to drop around whatever we were doing. This made us feel at home. (Even aerial navigation is plotted geometrically, thus giving the air a "shape".)
Joanfrances Boyle|Man can be master of nothing while he fears death, but he who does not fear it possesses all. If there were no suffering, man would not know his limitations, would not know himself. The hardest thing is to be able in your soul to unite the meaning of all. To unite all? Pierre asked himself. "No, not to unite. Thoughts cannot be united, but to harness all these thoughts together is what we need! Yes, one must harness them, must harness them!
Misty Copeland, Ballerina Body: Dancing and Eating Your Way to a Leaner, Stronger, and More Graceful You|If I want to do it,I dream it.
Anna Valdiserri|It made me giddy. It made me blush, worse than before. It was like liquor. It made me drunk. I drew away. When her breath came now upon my mouth, it came very cold. My mouth was wet, from hers. I said, in a whisper,'Do you feel it?
Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember: Uncollected Pieces|I remember, for instance, the first time I went to the great palace of Versailles outside Paris and how, as I wandered around among all those gardens and fountains and statues, I had a sense that the place was alive with ghosts which I was just barely able to see, that somewhere just beneath the surface of all that was going on around me at that moment, the past was going on around me too with such reality and such poignance that I had to have somebody else to tell about it if only to reassure myself that I wasn’t losing my mind. I wanted and sorely needed to name to another human being the sights that I was seeing and the thoughts and feelings they were giving rise to. I thought that in a way I could not even surely know what I was seeing physically until I could speak of it to someone else, could not come to terms with what I was feeling as either real or unreal until I could put it into words and speak those words and hear other words in response to mine. But there was nobody to speak to, as it happened, and I can still remember the frustration of it: the sense I had of something trying to be born in me that could not be born without the midwifery of expressing it; the sense, it might not be too much to say, of my self trying to be born, of a threshold I had to cross in order to move on into the next room of who I had it in me just then to become. “in the beginning was the Word,” John writes, and perhaps part of what that means is that until there is a word, there can be no beginning. Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember, in an essay called The Speaking and Writing of Words.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|God sees us with the eyes of a Father. He sees our defects, errors, and blemishes. But He also sees our value. What did Jesus know that enabled Him to do what He did? Here’s part of the answer: He knew the value of people. He knew that each human being is a treasure. And because He did, people were not a source of stress, but a source of joy.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Tis a more glorious effect of power to make that holy that was so depraved and under dominion of sin, than to confirm holiness on that which before had nothing of the contrary.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|If you are aware of chronic or severe mistreatment and do not speak out against it, your silence communicates implicitly that you see nothing unacceptable taking place. Abusers interpret silence as approval, or at least as forgiveness. To abused women, meanwhile, the silence means that no one will help—just what her partner wants her to believe. Anyone who chooses to quietly look the other way therefore unwittingly becomes the abuser’s ally.
Karen Blixen, Sorrow Acre|If you drink anymore, you're going to be positively flammable.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"|It was a glorious experience for the children to travel by rail and the panoramic views of Africa through the big glass window in the rear of the last car of the Blue Train, were beyond description. It was just as you would expect it to be, as described in a vintage National Geographic magazine, with springbok and other wild animals abounding. The distance is approximately the same as from New York City to Chicago and took an overnight. Adeline and Lucia talked late into the night as the children tried to hear what was being said. There was a lot of catching up to do, but it had been a long and exhausting day and the next thing they all knew, it was the following morning and the train was approaching Cape Town or Kaapstad in Afrikaans, affectionately known as the “Tavern of the Seas.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Everyone person Born as human , But Not everyone die as Human
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|Each time a breeze starts, I feel the air all the way through me.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Tom felt his darkness. His father was beautiful and clever, his mother was short and mathematically sure. Each of his brothers and sisters had looks or gifts or fortune. Tom loved all of them passionately, but he felt heavy and earth-bound. He climbed ecstatic mountains and floundered in the rocky darkness between the peaks. He had spurts of bravery but they were bracketed in battens of cowardice.
Kabir, Songs of Kabir|Bushido refers not only to martial rectitude but personal rectitude. We understand that in serving each other we serve our own interests. In serving our world, our world serves us. Allowing us to live in harmony with it.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Hide nothing from the masses of our people. Tell no lies. Expose lies whenever they are told. Mask no difficulties, mistakes, failures. Claim no easy victories...
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|Liberty may be gained, but can never be recovered." (Bk2:8)
Heather  Marsh, Binding Chaos: Mass Collaboration on a Global Scale|Direct democracy is lazy anarchy, for people who don't want to be governed but are too lazy to govern themselves. They want participation served to them.
Pat Connid, The Vault Matrix: Book 1|Nature" doesn't really have intentions, per se. Nature is a drunk waking up from a weekend bender, ambling through a messy kitchen in a pair of mismatched slippers, seeing its car in the neighbor's pool and saying, "Ah good. It was dirty. Just the thing.
A.S. King|Viscosity occurs on a cellular level. And so does velocity.In contrast to viscosity's cellular coma, velocity endows every platelet and muscle fiber with a mind of its own, a means of knowing and commenting on its own behavior. There is too much perception, and beyond the plethora of perceptions, a plethora of thoughts about the perceptions and about the fact of having perceptions. Digestion could kill you! What I mean is the unceasing awareness of the processes of digestion could exhaust you to death. And digestion is just an involuntary sideline to thinking, which is where the real trouble begins
Rodney Brooks|When computers came along, I felt for the first time that I had the proper tools for the kind of theoretical work I wanted to do. So I moved over to that, and that got me into psychology.
Roy  Bennett|You don't need fear to make a decision for you. Let your heart make the decision. It's because you have love in your heart, that you act on it. Don't do things so you can avoid something that you fear. Do things because you have love to give. Where is your focus? Are you heart-centered in your intentions? Focus on love and love is what you shall receive in return. Whenever you give something, always give it from your heart. If there's no heart behind the intention, don't give it at all. No one wants to receive a gift that comes with a bitter taste.
Jesse Jackson|How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success.
Quadidra S. Williams, A Melancholy Note SE|Life is definitely about taking chances, living every minute with zeal, and then laying back and regretting nothing.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|During a Zen Satori moment we have zero fear, zero anxiety and zero melancholy. All we have are powerful thought forces, yet in the fully conscious state our self-limiting beliefs can continually send the things we actually desire further away from us!
Richard Ford|With imagination, you can put something where nothing was.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|As long as there are ways we can serve, then we have a job to do.
Leo Baeck, Judaism and Christianity: essays by Leo Baeck|Such coincidences were the rhymes that God wrote into fate, his chords of music.
J. Tuzo Wilson|Science makes people reach selflessly for truth and objectivity; it teaches people to accept reality, with wonder and admiration, not to mention the deep awe and joy that the natural order of things brings to the true scientist.
Douglas R. Hofstadter|You have two choices: To live an unconscious life, or to be conscious of your magnificence...
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|I would rather be known as someone who tried and failed, than someone who never tried at all.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Likewise, civilizations have throughout history marched blindly toward disaster, because humans are wired to believe that tomorrow will be much like today — it is unnatural for us to think that this way of life, this present moment, this order of things is not stable and permanent. Across the world today, our actions testify to our belief that we can go on like this forever, burning oil, poisoning the seas, killing off other species, pumping carbon into the air, ignoring the ominous silence of our coal mine canaries in favor of the unending robotic tweets of our new digital imaginarium. Yet the reality of global climate change is going to keep intruding on our fantasies of perpetual growth, permanent innovation and endless energy, just as the reality of mortality shocks our casual faith in permanence.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Every task you are given, no matter how menial, offers opportunities to observe this world at work. No detail about the people within it is too trivial. Everything you see or hear is a sign for you to decode. Over time, you will begin to see and understand more of the reality that eluded you at first. For instance, a person whom you initially thought had great power ended up being someone with more bark than bite. Slowly, you begin to see behind the appearances. As you amass more information about the rules and power dynamics of your new environment, you can begin to analyze why they exist, and how they relate to larger trends in the field. You move from observation to analysis, honing your reasoning skills, but only after months of careful attention.
Gina Rodriguez|The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|The moment you make the internal changes necessary to obtain your goal, the outside world changes instantly.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t judge anything. If you have to judge, judge with kindness and love.
David J. Schwartz|Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Only in duality consciousness we witness this-that thing. In reality, a unity consciousness runs as the very soul of every little thing.
Harold Pinter|My mother was born in Baltimore, and before her marriage, she was an artist and teacher of art.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|The sinner I was expecting was guilty of pride, lust and spiritual despair, not merely of sloth and ineptitude. This was the diary of a nobody. So I nearly censored January to June 1933 in the interests of Grandpa's glamour as a Gothic personage. But in truth this is what we should be exposed to - the awful knowledge that when they're not breaking the commandments, the anti-heroes are mending their tobacco pipes and listening to the wireless.
Genna Rulon, Only for You|I've found, though, that people are more likely to share their personal experiences if you go first, so that's why I always keep an eleven-point list of what went wrong in my childhood to share with them. Also I usually crack open a bottle of tequila to share with them, because alcohol makes me less nervous, and also because I'm from the South, and in Texas we offer drinks to strangers even when we're waiting in line at the liquor store. In Texas we call that '_southern hospitality_.' The people who own the liquor store call it 'shoplifting.' Probably because they're Yankees.I'm not allowed to go back to that liquor store.
Marcella Pixley, Without Tess|And of course, there is always the F for failure. F for failing falling festering failure. F for fault. F for forgotten.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|Right. I look fine. Except I don't,' said Zora, tugging sadly at her man's nightshirt. This was why Kiki had dreaded having girls: she knew she wouldn't be able to protect them from self-disgust. To that end she had tried banning television in the early years, and never had a lipstick or a woman's magazine crossed the threshold of the Belsey home to Kiki's knowledge, but these and other precautionary measures had made no difference. It was in the air, or so it seemed to Kiki, this hatred of women and their bodies-- it seeped in with every draught in the house; people brought it home on their shoes, they breathed it in off their newspapers. There was no way to control it.
Franz Werfel, The Forty Days of Musa Dagh|There's a reason that murderous hatred has to be taught- and not just taught, but forcibly implanted. It's not a naturally-occurring phenomenon. It is a lie. It is a lie told over and over again- often to people who have no resources and who are denied alternative views of the world. It's a lie my father believed, and one he hoped to pass on to me.
Alveda King|I remember being upset because I was finally legal to drink in Canada, and I decided to throw that all away and move to America, where I had to wait another two years. I came here to do improv and to try to join the Groundlings.
Jane Bierhorst, In the Trail of the Wind: American Indian Poems and Ritual Orations|In order to apologize—really apologize, and not just utter some words—for something one has done or failed to do, one has not only to acknowledge responsibility for but express sincere sorrow and regret over this action or inaction. One can apologize only for acts for which one has no excuse. If one has an excuse, there is nothing to apologize for, even if there is something to feel sorry about ('I'm sorry that you are hurt,' even 'I'm sorry that my actions hurt you,' is quite different from 'I'm sorry that I hurt you'). A genuine apology thus involves a rather raw exposure of the apologizer: Having done the deed, one now not only reiterates having done it, but strips away any suggestion that there are extenuating circumstances that could relieve one of blame; it must be clear that he regrets what he has done and feels sorrow over what he was wrought. He doesn't just wish things were otherwise; he fully acknowledges his role in bringing them to this sorry state.
Sharanya Haridas|In the West, people learn through the Socratic tradition. The education system was influenced by Western philosophy and is based on constantly questioning the knowledge that’s handed to you and arriving at the truth through that process of questioning. The Indian system took off from the Guru-Shishyha tradition in which your virtue as a student lay in taking tradition or parampara as it is given to you and passing it on to the next generation in the exact same way.
Robert Stikmanz, Prelude to a Change of Mind|With my love I homeI paid for lustDigresses like some,Only, if she understood,Her curse was my unfulfilled thirst.
Tamara Ferguson, That Unforgettable Kiss|There's no question how strong you are." Gabe rested his fingers on her shoulders and pressed into the tight muscles. She didn't push him away. "But being strong doesn't mean you have to be alone.
Jennifer Crusie, Maybe This Time|North is a powerful man, and you're still connected to him." Flo frowned. "Probably sexual memory, those Capricorns are insatiable. Well, you know. Sea Goat. And of course, you're a Fish. You'll end up back in bed with him."Andie slammed the car door. "You know what I'd like for Christmas, Flo? Boundaries. You can gift me early if you'd like.
Mark Waters|J.J. Watt is larger than life and Houston's newest sports hero, in every sense of the word. He is a guy who spends NFL Fridays at high school football games and actively seeks out those in need of his kindness.
Mervyn Peake, Collected Poems|I, while the gods laugh, the world's vortex am;Maelström of passions in that hidden seaWhose waves of all-time lap the coasts of me;And in small compass the dark waters
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|There are things about ourselves that we need to get rid of; there are things we need to change. But at the same time, we do not need to be too desperate, too ruthless, too combative. Along the way to usefulness and happiness, many of those things will change themselves, and the others can be worked on as we go. The first thing we need to do is recognize and trust our own Inner Nature, and not lose sight of it.
T.C. Boyle, If the River Was Whiskey|Valek was liquid in motion. As i watched him, one word came to mind: beautiful.
Ali B. Moe|A strong work ethic is a form of accountability, because it involves keeping a promise to one's employer. It is not the same thing as workaholism.
Ramez Naam|When you delegate work to the member of the team, your job is to clearly frame success and describe the objectives.
Michael Josephson|Most true things are kind of corny, don’t you think? But we make them more sophisticated out of sheer embarrassment.
Rick Perlstein, The Invisible Bridge: The Fall of Nixon and the Rise of Reagan|He talks to people's grievances, but he doesn't seem mad. – Elizabeth Drew
Niall Ferguson|So much of liberalism in its classical sense is taken for granted in the west today and even disrespected. We take freedom for granted, and because of this we don't understand how incredibly vulnerable it is.
Giorgio Vasari|Following my junior year in high school, I went on a camping trip through Russia in a group led by Horst Momber, a young language teacher from Roosevelt.
Sunday Adelaja|If you go to anybody and ask them, what is your dream life? They would say I want to sit by the TV all day. I want to play with my friends all day and they think that is the best way to spend their lives. They do not know that what they have just listed is not living life but wasting life.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|You act young," he said, "because you are young. But you know things, Roza. Things people older than you don't even know. That day...." I knew instantly which day he referred to. The one up against the wall. "You were right, about how I fight to stay in control. No one else has ever figured that out- and it scared me. You scare me.""Why? Don't you want anyone to know?"He shrugged. "Whether they know that fact or not doesn't matter. What matters is that someone- that you- know me that well. When a person can see into your soul, it's hard. It forces you to be open. Vulnerable. It's much easier being with someone who's just more of a casual friend.""Like Tasha.""Tasha Ozera is an amazing woman. She's beautiful and she's brave. But she doesn't-""She doesn't get you," I finished.He nodded. "I knew that. But I still wanted the relationship. I knew it would be easy and that she could take me away from you. I thought she could make me forget you."I'd thought the same thing about Mason. "But she couldn't.""Yes. And, so.....that's a problem.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|Respect the dead, learn from them, do not follow or avenge them.
Anne Bishop|We both know that I will not come. We both know that he won't be in Canada. There will be another earthquake, another flood, another war, another reason to not go where we think we are going. It is a strange life, this. Chasing human misery around the planet. We are not the sort of people who go where we say we are going.
Asuni LadyZeal|At times, it is better to "just do it" than to "do it right". One reason new year resolutions don't work is because we expect too much from ourselves. Rush, meet your deadlines, you can always continue from where you stopped next year.
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|If you put the time and work into getting better therefore that is called practice, anything that you practice you will definitely get better.
Sarah Dalton, White Hart|Yes, from drinking too much beer and generally being a tyrannical egomaniac.
Joanne Harris, Chocolat|A black cat crossed my path, and I stopped to dance around it widdershins and to sing the 
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Poems on Slavery.|She is a slave, with no way home.
George Mallory, Climbing Everest: The Complete Writings of George Mallory|How to get the best of it all? One must conquer, achieve, get to the top; one must know the end to be convinced that one can win the end - to know there's no dream that mustn't be dared. . . Is this the summit, crowning the day? How cool and quiet! We're not exultant; but delighted, joyful; soberly astonished. . . Have we vanquished an enemy? None but ourselves. Have we gained success? That word means nothing here. Have we won a kingdom? No. . . and yes. We have achieved an ultimate satisfaction. . . fulfilled a destiny. . . To struggle and to understand - never this last without the other; such is the law. . .
Conan O'Brien|Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Douglas Adams|The most beautiful things are not associated with money; they are memories and moments. If you don't celebrate those, they can pass you by.
Kami Garcia|When one does not die for the other, then we are already dead_
Matt Lucas|My dad was in the army so we moved around a lot and I changed schools every year and had to make new friends, and I found that if I was the funny guy I could do that easier.
Abayasinha|Leave a person alone who had a unpleasant past if you cant make his future a pleasant, you would do worse
Jesikah Sundin, Transitions: Novella Collection|In her mind, the ground rumbled and split open revealing the edge into a dark abyss. The shadows were always calling to her. Laughing at her. The familiar strains of loneliness flared under their torment. Drawing in a deep breath, she screamed to the black, “You’re not allowed to hurt me and know it!” Her voice echoed off the earthen walls and whispered back, “Be free. Be fearless.
Kerry Patterson|Don't confuse stories with facts. ...When you generate stories in the blink of an eye, you can get so caught up in the moment the you begin to believe your stories are facts.
Emery Lee, The Highest Stakes|Yes. She got into a right state when she realized no one could read them, though. She's setting up some sort of literacy curse. Some of the boys want to know--is that like gypsy magic? Can you curse someone to read?
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Love doesn't have to be perfect, but it needs to be true.
John Cullum|I wanted to make Jerusalem as feature film. But we couldn't finance it only through theatrical release, we couldn't get all the money we needed. We had to get some money from television. So we said, ok, let's do it both ways. So we did it in four parts.
Benjamin Franklin|Humans aren't as good as we should be in our capacity to empathize with feelings and thoughts of others, be they humans or other animals on Earth. So maybe part of our formal education should be training in empathy. Imagine how different the world would be if, in fact, that were 'reading, writing, arithmetic, empathy.'
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|Veeva squirmed up and down the length of me, vibrating like a coin operated motel bed. When she stopped kissing my mouth, I said, "It sounds so great, Veeva. Just you and me with our brand new plastic surgery noses, running for our lives, hating each other’s guts... Both of us getting to look more and more like Michael Jackson every day.
Nadje Al-Ali, What Kind of Liberation?: Women and the Occupation of Iraq|Military intervention cannot liberate women because it is embedded within a set of assumptions, beliefs, and social relations that reinforce and reproduce gender inequality, as well as other social inequalities within and across nation-states. Military intervention depends upon a belief in the legitimacy of armed violence in resolving political problems, which in turn depends upon our adherence to particular ideas about what it means to be a man or a woman.
Channing Tatum|Feels good to try, but playing a father, I'm getting a little older. I see now that I'm taking it more serious and I do want that lifestyle.
Knut Hamsun|At 19, everything is possible and tomorrow looks friendly.
Michael  Grant, Fear|Two brothers. Two different worlds. Different mothers, of course. Did that explain it? Women usually explained everything.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Remain aware of your weak points; not knowing or choosing to ignore them, means creating dangerous ‘blind-spots’ in the path to your success.
Dada Bhagwan|To say that, “I will not agree (will not accept)” is great egoism!
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|The Chairman likes you.”“Is that good?”“I never date anyone my cat doesn’t like,” Magnus said easily, and stood up.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If we can somehow survive this world, we would've achieved something in this world.
Alessia Dickson, The Crystal Chronicles|Supernaturals is a broad term used to classify beings that include Elementals and numerous other creatures. Like what? The list is endless. Witches, Demons, Spirits, stuff like that. Wow, I commented dryly. It's like a giant Halloween party isn't it?
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|Although of course I am aware that it changes colour in a jar. But we know why, surely? The heavier melancholic elements in the blood sink, making the top lighter and the bottom darker.""Not so," I said firmly. "Cover the jar, and the colour does not change. And I can find no explanation of how such separation could occur in the lungs. But when it emerges from the lungs - at least, this is the case in cats - it is very much lighter in colour than when it goes in, indicating that some darkness is withdrawn from it.""I must cut up a cat and see for myself. A live cat, was it?""It was for a while.
Behnam Rajabpoor|To the rich, the really poor don't know that the level of comfort you experience exist at all, so you see, they don't need your sympathy, and you should not feel guilty, just teach them how to fish.
Steven Brust|Writing is not a searching about in the daily experience for apt similes and pretty thoughts and images… It is not a conscious recording of the day’s experiences ‘freshly and with the appearance of reality’… The writer of imagination would find himself released from observing things for the purpose of writing them down later. He would be there to enjoy, to taste, to engage the free world, not a world which he carries like a bag of food, always fearful lest he drop something or someone get more than he.
Stephanie Lahart|Dare to be bold and brave, my BEAUTIFUL QUEENS. Dare to believe that you can. Dare to make your dreams a reality. Dare to get out of your comfort zone and soar! Dare to live your life limitlessly. Dare to be yourself and be comfortable in your own skin. DARE.
Jamsetji Tata|Freedom without the strength to support it and, if need be, defend it, would be a cruel delusion. And the strength to defend freedom can itself only come from widespread industrialisation and the infusion of modern science and technology into the country's economic life.
Rick Remender, Tokyo Ghost, Vol. 2: Come Join Us|There is, therefore, a temptation to return to an explanation which automatically discharges the victim of responsibility: it seems quite adequate to a reality in which nothing strikes us more forcefully than the utter innocence of the individual caught in the horror machine and his utter inability to change his fate. Terror, however, is only in the last instance of its development a mere form of government. In order to establish a totalitarian regime, terror must be presented as an instrument for carrying out a specific ideology; and that ideology must have won the adherence of many, and even a majority, before terror can be stabilized. The point for the historian is that the Jews, before becoming the main victims of modern terror, were the center of Nazi ideology. And an ideology which has to persuade and mobilize people cannot choose its victim arbitrarily.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He who challenges the God in his dying bed is indisputably the most courageous man, but not the cleverest one!
Harold Edmund Stearns, America And The Young Intellectual|The one thing to remember about an adventure is that if it turns out the way you expect it to, it has not been an adventure at all.
Caroline Linden|Pleasure suffused her and she snuggled deeper into his arms, her heart clenching when he tightened his hold on her. After a while his breathing slowed and his hold relaxed. Convinced he slept, she whispered, "You should have been my first." A small ache pinched her heart.His chest vibrated beneath her hand, sending a thrilling shiver up her spine as his deep voice rumbled through the air, "I'll be your last.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I know whether of not your statement is true, and you know that I know whether or not it is true, because it is about me. But do you know that your statement is true? This is what I mean by passing judgment.
Nathan Fillion|I was banished,” said Reven proudly.“What for?” Elfwyn pressed.“The king said I was anathema.”“He doesn’t like athemas?”“Anathema means, like, accursed,” said Jinx. “Probably it was for robbing people.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|These rotary dials were like meditation, they forced you to slow down and concentrate. If you polled the next number too soon, you had to start over from the top.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Time after time have nations, ay, and rich and strong nations, learned in the arts, been, and passed away to be forgotten, so that no memory of them remains. This is but one of several; for Time eats up the works of man.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I wiped my hands on my apron and went to the window. Outside, the prairie reached out and touched the places where the sky came down. Though the winter was nearly over, there were patches of snow and ice everywhere. I looked at the long dirt road that crawled across the plains, remembering the morning that Mama had died, cruel and sunny. They had come for her in a wagon and taken her away to be buried. And then the cousins and aunts and uncles had come and tried to fill up the house. But they couldn’t.
George Eliot|If art does not enlarge men's sympathies, it does nothing morally.
Giacomo Casanova|One way to find food for thought is to use the fork in the road, the bifurcation that marks the place of emergence in which a new line of development begins to branch off.
Ann Patchett|But today, something begins to shift. I see that there might be some way I can take the raw material of my life and transform it into something that has order and structure. I can make sense of what, until now, has been senseless.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|START: Serve, Thank, Ask, Receive, Trust
Alex London, Guardian|For the moment, everything had disappeared: the church, the battle, the screams and shouts and the rumble of limber wheels along the rutted road through Freehold. There wasn't anything but her and him, and he opened his eyes to look on her face, to fix it in his mind forever.
Lionel Messi|I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|I made cranberry sauce, and when it was done put it into a dark blue bowl for the beautiful contrast. I was thinking, doing this, about the old ways of gratitude: Indians thanking the deer they'd slain, grace before supper, kneeling before bed. I was thinking that gratitude is too much absent in our lives now, and we need it back, even if it only takes the form of acknowledging the blue of a bowl against the red of cranberries.
Anthony Horowitz, Scorpia|The platform underneath the balloon fell on her as she was trying to escape," she explained. "She was crushed.""I'd have been disappointed too.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|All I could think about while driving after you was how it was about to happen all over again and that I would never be able to feel your warm skin under my hands or look into your beautiful blue eyes, or tell you how much I love you.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|If we try to see something positive in everything we do, life won't necessarily become easier but it becomes more valuable.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|And since he was seeing more and more people who were unhappy for no apparent reason, he was becoming more and more tired, and even a little unhappy himself. He began to wonder if he was in the right profession, whether he was happy with life, whether he wasn't missing out on something. And then he felt very afraid because he wondered whether these unhappy people were contagious.
Robert Woodrow Wilson|The chief executive officer is also the chief sales officer. He or she is responsible for the success of the company and making a profit. The closer the CEO is to the everyday selling process, bringing in business, the more successful the company will become.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If you desire healing,let yourself fall illlet yourself fall ill.
Carl Sagan|The sky calls to us. If we do not destroy ourselves, we will one day venture to the stars.
Edmund Morgan|Rick Rubin's undulating face hair is just as famous as his body of work. In homage to the yogis he read about as a boy on Long Island, Rubin hasn't shaved since he was 23. It's long been his registered trademark.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|My modus operandi is that I'll be content with anything, as long as I know that it's the best that's possible.
William Trevor, The Love Department|A child in London asked her father what autumn was, having heard it spoken of these days, and the father in explanation said it was a season, though not a major one. In cities, this father said, you did not feel autumn so much, not as you felt the heat of summer or the bite of winter air, or even the slush of spring. He said that, and then the next day sent for the child and said he had been talking nonsense. 'Autumn is on now,' he said. 'You can see it in the parks,' and he took his child for a nature walk.
Ricky Williams|Strange as it may seem, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and formal education positively fortifies it.
Michael Moorcock, Corum: The Prince with the Silver Hand|Ah, the world was ever so. How sad are heroes when their tasks are done...
Matthew Donnelly|Life is an experiment, experiment by sending as many ideas in the universe and see which idea takes off and put your heart into that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In a daily life, reach out to others with sacred act of saying ‘hello, a smile, word of encouragement….
Anzia Yezierska|You can tell it any way you want, he said, you can be I or he or she or we or they or you and you won't be lying, though you might be telling two stories at once.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon|Some people will go to the opening of an envelope. They live their lives in the public eye and get off on it, they need it. They need that kind of adoration. If their name isn't in the tabloids once a week they feel like a failure.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|I had to call the past to life, and illuminate every corner of the five continents, descend to the centre of the earth and make the circuit of the moon and stars
Jamie Farrell, Matched|You could make friends with a possessed unicorn, couldn’t you?”“Probably so. We both fart rainbows.
Ivana Trump|I love real books, paper books, but I also love buying online, and I think that people are more willing to take a chance to read something if it's cheaper - sometimes books on the Kindle are $6. A hardback book is $25. For $25, it better be a really great book. Or you're going to be mad.
Amit Ray, Peace on the Earth  A Nuclear Weapons Free World|The Nazi salute was performed by public officials in the USA from 1892 through 1942. The researcher Dr. Rex Curry asks 'What happened to the photographs and films of the American Nazi salute performed by federal, state, county, and local officials?' Those photos and films are rare because people don't want to know the truth. Public officials in the USA who preceded the German socialist (Hitler) and the Italian socialist (Mussolini) were sources for the stiff-armed salute (and robotic chanting) in those countries and other foreign countries.
Farzana Zahid, The Prince and The Fairy|Yes, Rose. Love is a wonderful feeling!
George Horace Lorimer, Letters from a Self-Made Merchant to His Son|Of course, clothes don't make the man, but they make all of him except his hands and face during business hours, and that's a pretty considerable area of the human animal. A dirty shirt may hide a pure heart, but it seldom covers a clean skin. If you look as if you had slept in our clothes, most men will jump to the conclusion that you have, and you will never get to know them well enough to explain that your head is so full of noble thoughts that you haven't time to bother with the dandruff on your shoulders...Appearances are deceitful, I know, but so long as they are, there's nothing like having them deceive for us instead of against us.
George Sand, Indiana|Don't you know how, in talking a foreign language, even fluently, one says half the time not what one wants to but what one can?
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|Refusing to forgive never made anyone feel better about anything. All you are doing is holding on to feelings of upset, anger and jealousy and that can never be good. I once read that being angry and unforgiving towards someone else is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Samar Sudha|AmendsRegret lingers, niggles. Yellow lilieson the table, gone brown in the vase.The garden we talk about, endlessly, but never begin, deterred by tough sod.On the edge of the walk, the wheelbarrowfull of stones waits like an undeliveredapology. Within, the floor needs scrubbingand only hands and knees will do the job.I know that forgiveness is a simple meal—a salad, a boiled potato, a glass of tea.Easy to prepare, to offer. That the silenceafterward will satisfy, perhaps even nourish.
Masamune Toya|But it must be inconvenient to not be able to remember your name. I'll give you my last name, if you want.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|What the psychological analysis of doctrines can show is the subjective motivations which make a person aware of certain problems and make him seek answers in certain directions. Any kind of though, true or false, is motivated by the subjective needs and interests of the person who is thinking. It happens that some interests are furthered by finding the truth, others by destroying it.
E.M. Forster|I have almost completed a long novel, but it is unpublishable until my death and England's.
Courtney Carola, Where We Belong|I truly wanted to live a life in which I could make my own choices, independent of the 'duties' of my birth and position. It was only when fate granted that to me that I realized the cost of it. I could set aside my responsibilities to others and live my life as I please only when I also severed my ties to them. I could not have it both ways.
Anthony T. Hincks|Most people feel that they rise in their own eyes, if others want them.”“I feel that others live up to me, if they want me...
Elvis Presley|The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.
Erica Sehyun Song, The Pax Valley|I could have drowned today. If they hadn’t been screaming my name so loudly and if I hadn’t woken up, I would have drowned.
Julie Kagawa|No", she wanted to say. " I don't want you to care for me, I want to be with my husband." But nothing came out. She turned beseeching her eyes to Darcy and she saw him as if from a great distance, through a distorting glass, but his words were firm and clear. “She has no taste for your company,” he said.“No?” said the gentleman. “But I have a taste for her.”Hers, thought Elizabeth. He should have said hers.“Let her go,” said Darcy warningly.“Why should I?” asked the gentleman.“Because she is mine,” said Darcy.The gentleman turned his full attention toward Darcy and Elizabeth followed his eyes.And then she saw something that made her heart thump against her rib cage and her mind collapse as she witnessed something so shocking and so terrifying that the ground came up to meet her as everything went black.
Rowena Cherry, Knight's Fork|Never sleep with a lady only once, especially in the case of an older lady.-'Rhett 
Marion Cotillard|I am aloof by nature. I mind my own business. I'm good with everyone, and I get along fine with people. But work is work, and friendship is friendship. I never mix the two.
Lois Duncan|She leaned over the bed to plant a goodbye kiss on his cheek. Instead he reached up and cupped her head in his left hand, so that he was in charge of her kiss and it landed oh his lips. It was not, as she would have expected, the fumbling kiss of a boy unused to dating but the practiced kiss of a man who knew exactly what he was doing.
Simon Cowell|We're not afraid of risking what was our success yesterday in order to explore some new field. We're adventurous. We like the challenge of unknown territory, unknown artistic field, and that's what stimulates us.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|Fear can be good, Laia. It can keep you alive. But don't let it control you. Don't let it sow doubts within you. When the fear takes over, use the only thing more powerful, more indestructible, to fight it: your spirit. Your heart.
Barbara Corcoran|When I'm with my friends I'm funny, but I don't feel like I'm a funny clown.
James Marsden|At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.
Ian McGuire, The North Water|Often the devil wants to distract us from our goal, to make us passive and neutralize our actions
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|Well, but you two are dancing around in your iridescent little downpour, whooping and stomping as sane people ought to do when they encounter a thing so miraculous as water.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Don't laugh at the spinsters, dear girls, for often very tender, tragic romances are hidden away in the hearts that beat so quietly under the sober gowns, and many silent sacrifices of youth, health, ambition, love itself, make the faded faces beautiful in God's sight. Even the sad, sour sisters should be kindly dealt with, because they have missed the sweetest part of life, if for no other reason.
Billie Jean King|It's tougher for women than men in Hollywood, period, if you ask me. As with most professions, women have generally not found equality with men when it comes to income and influence. There aren't as many female directors, producers, and writers, which translates to fewer complex roles for women.
G.K. Chesterton|Then I realize that words like "optimism" and "hope" which appear in all those self-help books that claim they'll make us more confident and better to cope with life, are just that: words.
Kristen Proby, Fight with Me|You don’t like romantic shit,” Luke remarks and frowns at me.“I don’t like watching you lay the romantic shit on my best friend, pal. It’s disgusting. This,” I gesture around the room with my hands, “is not a movie. But I do like watching Zac Efron, Channing Tatum, and a number of other hot actors lay on the romantic shit in a movie. I have a vagina.”“I’m aware,” Luke remarks earning a glare from Nate. “Although, not first-hand,” he quickly adds.
Anthony Kennedy|The elections in Iraq are a victory for freedom and the Iraqi people, and a blow to the transnational network of terrorists who have tried to prevent this day from happening.
Elena Carpenter, Horizon|Elizabeth, this one last task you will enter in a moment, will determine your fate and who you are. You are eighteen now and with the blood of past generations running through your veins, this will destine who you really are and where you belong.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The languid transition from soft, pink-orange sunlight to deep blue darkness clashed with the clusterfuck that was my emotions.
Kingsley Amis, The Amis Collection: Selected Non-fiction|You may think that you don't want to read about the problems of being brought up Mennonite, but the great thing about books is that you'll read anything a good writer wants you to read.
Ernest Hemingway, 88 Poems|But I rather thought--I mean, I heard you'd killed Balder the Fair.""I never did," snapped Loki crossly. "Well, no one ever proved I did. What happened to the presumption of innocence? Besides, he was supposed to be invulnerable. Was it my fault that he wasn't?
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|The best you can do as a parent is to expose your children to a wide range of religions. Rather than trying to "program them" to dislike religion, give them the tools to analyze it themselves. With the conceptual tools of critical thinking and skepticism, and adequate exposure to many religions, children are very likely eventually to conclude that all religion is crazy.
Gloria Macapagal Arroyo|I was in elective politics for 24 years. I've made four national races, two for President, two for Vice President. I have found there are other ways to serve, and I'm enjoying them.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|Every moment the patches of green grew bigger and the patches of snow grew smaller. Every moment more and more of the trees shook off their robes of snow. Soon, wherever you looked, instead of white shapes you saw the dark green of firs or the black prickly branches of bare oaks and beeches and elms. Then the mist turned from white to gold and presently cleared away altogether. Shafts of delicious sunlight struck down on to the forest floor and overhead you could see a blue sky between the tree tops. Soon there were more wonderful things happening. Coming suddenly round a corner into a glade of silver birch trees Edmund saw the ground covered in all directions with little yellow flowers- celandines. The noise of water grew louder. Presently they actually crossed a stream. Beyond it they found snowdrops growing.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Healing is anything that restores your inner sense that all is well, and that returns you to a healthy state of empowerment.
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|Just because it looks like a leprechaun and talks like a leprechaun, it doesn't mean it can't act like the little fucking demon it is.
Tupac Shakur|During your life, never stop dreaming. No one can take away your dreams
Mark LaMoure|A miracle is when you take action on your goals, and create the visible from the invisible. Transform your thoughts and dreams into the material world, from planning, hard work and determination.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|However statistically improbable the entity you seek to explain by invoking a designer, the designer himself has got to be at least as improbable. God is the Ultimate Boeing 747.
Dorothy Hamill|If you wanna be famous, then it's okay if the music is fake, because fame isn't real.
K.L. Kreig, Surrendering|More dangerous than being in a house full of vampires? I think I’ll take my chances, Mr. Fallinsworth.""I think we’re way past formalities here since my cock has been inside that hot, wet, delicious body of yours.
Thomas a Kempis|Suffering passes, while love is eternal. That's a gift that you have received from God. Don't waste it.
Mollie Gross, Confessions of a Military Wife|You know, you can always do a three some.”“A three some?” I frowned. “No.”He shrugged. “Just a thought.”“Yeah, a dumb one,” I spat.“Hey! I didn’t call your idea to re-wallpaper the kitchen a dumb idea!”“You have a problem with the new paper?” I demanded.“Pop, please, it’s hideous,” Trick said.
Ann Patchett, The Getaway Car: A Practical Memoir About Writing and Life|At it's best,the sensation of writing is that of any unmerited grace. It is handed to you, but only if you look for it. You search, you break your heart, your back, your brain, and then - and only then - it is handed to you. From the corner of your eye you see motion. Something is moving through the air and headed your way.
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|Ester would tell her to dance faster, leap higher, to laugh out loud with all the breath in lungs. That’s what the dead would tell the living, if they could—to grab hold of joy whenever it comes.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|Be present in this class. And then, when it's over, be present out there.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I was passive by nature. I had always been. Arguing felt unnatural and uncomfortable. I was always agreeing even when I didn’t really, instinctively looking for ways to forfeit power, to become more dependent, to be taken care of. I realized how intensely Icecap reminded me of Jacob. They were similar, both diligent and harsh in their judgments—and my big brother’s sureness had always comforted me.But as I ran on sore legs to keep up with Icecap, my tendency toward silence stressed me.
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|The day you learn to be publically specific in your prayer, that is the day you will discover power.
Marc Goodman, Future Crimes: Everything Is Connected, Everyone Is Vulnerable, and What We Can Do About It|Crime? What crime? ... My killing a loathsome, harmful louse, a filthy old moneylender woman ... and you call that a crime?
Robert Higgs|Books allow us to escape from the pressures of modern life. By far, the best vehicles of escape are Young Adult Science Fiction or Fantasy genre allowing us to lose ourselves in worlds far away from the reality we know. This escapism works because we totally immerse ourselves and:-We become the hero or heroine. We are the ones who thwart evil. We laugh as we socialise with characters we have never met but feel they are as close as our family. We cry when we lose a good friend.
Dylan Thomas, A Child's Christmas in Wales|And when the firemen turned off the hose and were standing in the wet, smoky room, Jim's Aunt, Miss. Prothero, came downstairs and peered in at them. Jim and I waited, very quietly, to hear what she would say to them. She said the right thing, always. She looked at the three tall firemen in their shining helmets, standing among the smoke and cinders and dissolving snowballs, and she said, "Would you like anything to read?
Waseem Kanjo, What the media won’t tell you about the war in Syria: Essays|We have no authoritative figure, no Walter Cronkite or Edward R. Murrow whom we all listen to and trust to sort out contradictory claims. Instead, the media is splintered into a thousand fragments, each with its own version of reality, each claiming the loyalty of a splintered nation.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|This is growing up, having to stomp out love, this is how people turn terrible.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life’s only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, show no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy. Doubt meets disbelief and disbelief tries to push it out. But disbelief is a poorly armed foot soldier. Doubt does away with it with little trouble. You become anxious. Reason comes to do battle for you. You are reassured. Reason is fully equipped with the latest weapons technology. But, to your amazement, despite superior tactics and a number of undeniable victories, reason is laid low. You feel yourself weakening, wavering. Your anxiety becomes dread.Fear next turns fully to your body, which is already aware that something terribly wrong is going on. Already your lungs have flown away like a bird and your guts have slithered away like a snake. Now your tongue drops dear like an opossum, while your jaw begins to gallop on the spot. Your ears go deaf. Your muscles begin to shiver as if they had malaria and your knees to shake as though they were dancing. Your heart strains too hard, while your sphincter relaxes too much. And so with the rest of your body. Every part of you, in the manner most suited to it, falls apart. Only your eyes work well. They always pay proper attention to fear.Quickly you make rash decisions. You dismiss your allies: hope and trust. There, you’ve defeated yourself. Fear, which is but an impression, has triumphed over you.The matter is difficult to put into words. For fear, real fear, such as shakes you to your foundation, such as you feel when you are brought face to face with your mortal end, nestles in your memory like gangrene: it seeks to rot everything, even the words with which to speak of it. So you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don’t, if fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, your open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.
Abbi Glines, Breathe|You're every song I have ever sung. I'll never let anything hurt you again. For the first time in my life, my dreams aren't about me."I lifted my eyes up to meet hiss, and he smiled."They're about you." -Jax Stone
Charlotte Eriksson|I am a free soul, singing my heart out by myself no matter where I go and I call strangers my friends because I learn things and find ways to fit them into my own world. I hear what people say, rearrange it, take away and tear apart until it finds value in my reality and there I make it work. I find spaces in between the cracks and cuts where it feels empty and there I make it work.
Merrit Malloy, Things I Meant To Say To You When We Were Old|Life is a mystical and tragic thing. It is a journey often full of fear, when it ought to be full of hope. It's fascinating to look back on your life and feel as though most of it was a precursor to the rest of it; to what was always supposed to be.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Let your feelings flow freely, accept each one of them, know that they are your feelings and no one is to blame for them. Live from your essence and watch your feelings flow; only when you accept them can you understand the story of your life.
Raheel Farooq|Denton struck Charley as the kind of man who never wasted energy on extra movement or idle chitchat. He was foursquare Sonny Boy Williamson and Sister Rosetta Tharpe, a Silvertone guitar, older than old school.
Edward Rickenbacker|The four cornerstones of character on which the structure of this nation was built are: Initiative, Imagination, Individuality and Independence.
Dariush Youkhaneh|If you want the windows of opportunity be opened for you, Do not neglect to create a goal.
Martha N. Beck|Yet if you should forget me for a whileAnd afterwards remember, do not grieve:For if the darkness and corruption leaveA vestige of thoughts that I once had,Better by far you should forget and smileThan that you should remember and be sad.
Evette Davis, Woman King|The werewolf paid cash, sliding the change into the hip pocket of his jeans.
Bertolt Brecht|I continue to be surprised by judgmental native stereotypes and apathy, but if I wasn't that would mean I'd become accustomed and tolerant. I don't want to stop being surprised. I just want them to stop.
Andrea McLean|For the sake of argument and illustration I will presume that certain articles of ordinary diet, however beneficial in youth, are prejudicial in advanced life, like beans to a horse, whose common ordinary food is hay and corn.
R.G. Risch|Tyrants are willing to commit to anything…including mass murder to maintain their domination over every human being alive. They abuse the lives of the people they are entrusted with by the perverse dictates that they, themselves, would never live by. And they feel justified in this by their own self-righteous elite morality, which sets them high above everyone else in their own minds.You and I, however, are made of quite different stuff. Our words are filled with our true beliefs and backed by the honesty of our actions. We take great pride in not only who we are…but overcoming the struggle it took to make us this way. We are men and women of character…principles…and courage!
Marie Sexton, Paris A to Z|It was a black and hooded head; and hanging there in the midst of so intense a calm, it seemed the Sphynx’s in the desert. “Speak, thou vast and venerable head,” muttered Ahab, “which, though ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak, mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee. Of all divers, thou hast dived the deepest. That head upon which the upper sun now gleams, has moved amid this world’s foundations. Where unrecorded names and navies rust, and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful water-land, there was thy most familiar home. Thou hast been where bell or diver never went; hast slept by many a sailor’s side, where sleepless mothers would give their lives to lay them down. Thou saw’st the locked lovers when leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them. Thou saw’st the murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed on unharmed—while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms. O head! thou hast seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one syllable is thine!
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|When I am awake, I sleep, but when I dream I come to life.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|(June had drawn out every leaf on the trees. The mothers of Pimlico gave suck to their young. Messages were passing from the Fleet to the Admiralty. Arlington Street and Piccadilly seemed to chafe the very air in the Park and lift its leaves hotly, brilliantly, on waves of that divine vitality which Clarissa loved. To dance, to ride, she had adored all that.)
Stephen Fry, The Hippopotamus|[his healing skills] ..lay in the ability to comfort, to comfort in the proper sense, to make strong, to fortify
Shirley A. Martin, Bengalo Moon: Jook and Gypsies Vol. 2|It is an interesting truth that the human body, liberated from its head, is in essence a bag of blood with a built-in straw.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|People usually live up to their expectations. The kid picked first for dodgeball feels a duty to be the best, and to perform the best, and to be better than anyone else. They feel a need to execute. And, the only way they are going to achieve that is to make their body run faster, jump higher, and move quicker.If more fat kids were chosen first for activities and sports and group/team dynamics, they would automatically start to change their lives to fit into the expectations that surround those moments. Any time a child is picked last, they know it’s because people expect the least of them, and so they never actually have a need to rise above that.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Don't just cry over your 10 or 20 member church. Sometimes, God gives you your future first. The ones you call little carry in them every possibility you desire of the future. God would send you leaders but they may come as weak men and women first. Don't be so 'gift' conscious that you fail to realize that certain things are results of growth.
Reginald Rose, Twelve Angry Men|The hostility and venomous response the topic of sexual trauma and rape in the military brings up, especially with men from my Era, is revealing. This opposition speaks to their guilt and toward the truth that stays hidden.
Johnny Vegas|For a long time, our only mode of travel was an Econoline van. Eleven of us, with nine sleeping in the back on two mattresses.
Robert G. Hart, Forest Gardening with Robert Hart|The word indulgent has become a popular catchphrase for dishes we should not eat for health's sake. I never use it to describe food, only poor parenting.
Bruce Coville, Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher|I don’t want Tiamat to go back,” said Jeremy sullenly. “I want her to stay here with me.”Miss Priest laughed. It was not a horrible laugh at all. “What a terrible idea!” she said. “Why do you want her to stay?”Because I love her. I don’t want to lose her.”Miss Priest reached out and took his chin in her hand. She looked into his eyes. “You silly boy,” she said. “Nothing you love is lost. Not really. Things, people—they always go away, sooner or later. You can’t hold them, any more than you can hold moonlight. But if they’ve touched you, if they’re inside you, then they’re still yours. The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|You meet me after school right here", I said."Why?" he asked.I couldn't believe he was so stupid."Because we're going to finish this fight.""You're crazy," Roger said.He got to his feet and walked away. His gang stared at me like I was a serail killer, and they followed their leader.I was absolutely confused.I had followed the rules of fighting. i had behaved exactly the way I was supposed to behave. But these white boys had ignored the rules. In fact, they followed a whole other set of mysterious rules where people apparently DID NOT GET INTO FISTFIGHTS.(65)
William Inge|Oh, yes. I'm terribly smart. Wouldn't it have been nice... to be intelligent?
Alexander Pope|True wit is nature to advantage dressed;What oft was thought, but ne'er so well expressed.
Yvon Chouinard, Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman|If you risk nothing, then you risk everything.
Melvin Burgess, Smack|Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear. The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say 'My tooth is aching' than to say 'My heart is broken'. Yet if the cause is accepted and faced, the conflict will strengthen and purify the character and in time the pain will usually pass. Sometimes, however, it persists and the effect is devastating; if the cause is not faced or not recognised, it produces the dreary state of the chronic neurotic. But some by heroism overcome even chronic mental pain. They often produce brilliant work and strengthen, harden, and sharpen their characters till they become like tempered steel.
Candace Bushnell|A writer must be fearless. A writer has to be like a clawed animal."-The Carrie Diaries pg. 337
Ricky Maye|Change is inevitable. Progression is a choice. We all move, but are you going to move forward?
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Thou I cannot so freely say, My heart is with thee, my soul longeth after thee ; yet can I say, I long for such a longing heart (648).
Brian Posehn|It's funny, but to me, when you go to a concert hall and hear electronic pieces from the '60s, I think they sound really dated. But when an orchestra plays a piece from that period, and it's going to sound different every time, it feels more modern to me.
Brandi Gomez, No War Is Anyone's War|Only when you fail to express, have you experienced in totality. You become one with it!
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|No "we" should be taken for granted when the subject is looking at other people's pain.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|There is joy in every circumstance. Although the beginning is/might be bitter, there are valuables lessons in between that bring joy.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|The way to beat Luke," he said. "If I'm right, it's the only way you'll stand a chance."I took a deep breath. "Okay. I'm listening."Nico glanced inside my room. His eyebrows furrowed."Is that...is that blue birthday cake?"He sounded hungry, maybe a little wistful. I wondered if the poor kid had ever had a birthday party, or if he'd ever even been invited to one.:Come inside for cake and ice cream," I said. "It sounds like we've got a lot to talk about.
John Darnielle, Wolf in White Van|---on her best days, she glimpses the limitless span of millennia behind her: millions of years, tens of millions.
Amit Ray, Peace on the Earth  A Nuclear Weapons Free World|Our objective is to transform fear into hope and courage, hatred into love and respect.
Walter Farley|Yet when books have been read and reread, it boils down to the horse, his human companion, and what goes on between them.
Elsie Hillman-Gordon, Love Is Everything|Sometimes, life gets overwhelming. You feel pestered, overworked and unappreciated. Your vision becomes blurred and your dreams suddenly feel too far from reach. You feel wasted, even though you know you’ve come a long way. At that point, ALL YOU NEED TO DO is calm down, close your eyes and remember why you started out in the first place. You really just need to look within yourself to find your purpose again.
Collette West, Game Changer|Her wide, gorgeous smile was the culprit. It was pure magic. Neighbors lined the parking lot, eager to empty their pockets, all so she'd shine that beam on them.
Edgardo Osorio|I design flats like I design heels: They must be seductive, beautiful and comfortable.
Maya Angelou|Good poets have written in order to describe something or to preach something - with their eye on the object or the end. The essence of the poetry does not lie in the thing described or in the message imparted but in the resulting concrete unity, the poem.
Lana McGregor, His Roommate's Pleasure|Si, the speed limit sign said 35. Your Goin' 55." -Sadie Robertson"Oh, that's just a suggestion.
Alex Steffen|In front of us was not a line but a fortress position, twenty miles deep, entrenched and fortified, defended by masses of machine-gun posts and thousands of guns in a wide arc. No chance for cavalry!
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|If you’re not there for yourself, how can you be there for others?
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Now, in their love, which was stronger, there were the seeds of hatred and fear and confusion growing at the same time: for love can exist with hatred, each preying on the other, and this is what gives it its greatest fury.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You know how it is. Sometimes we plan a trip to one place, but something takes us to another.
Jamaica Kincaid, Lucy|I never wanted to live in that place again, but if for some reason I was forced to live there again, I would never accept the harsh judgments made against me by people whose only power to do so was that they had known me from the moment I was born.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Then the singing enveloped me. It was furry and resonant, coming from everyone's very heart. There was no sense of performance or judgment, only that the music was breath and food.
Brad Thor|Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Did he understand, as those interminable minutes ticked by, that being alone is not the same as being lonely? That being alone is a neutral state; it is like a blind fish at the bottom of the ocean without eyes, and therefore without judgement. Is it possible? That which is around me does not affect my mood; my mood affects that which is around me. Is it true? Could Denny have possibly appreciated the subjective nature of loneliness, which is something that exists only in the mind, not in the world, and, like a virus, is unable to survive without a willing host?
LM Fields|Someday find my son...tell him about how things can be between men on this Earth."--A Letter to Jesse Owens
Nathaniel Mackey, Nod House|Nod house turned into shouthouse. In the shout house memorysaid shut up. It said silence,misery said amen, the mule'sheadmeant my stubborn lungs. . .I stoodimagining I fell back dreaming,stuck tongue stuck in my jawbrokemy jaw
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Put your Isaac on the altar! Then, and only then, will you see what God can do. He cannot give back what you do not give up. But if you surrender yourself to Him, He will provide the ram in the thicket.
Ilchi Lee, LifeParticle Meditation: A Practical Guide to Healing and Transformation|The innumerable phenomena of life are temporary manifestations of LifeParticles.Once we know that everything comes and goes in a flux of LifeParticles, we can watch ourselves and the world with tranquility.
Emily Dickinson|A precious, mouldering pleasure 't isTo meet an antique bookIn just the dress his century wore;A privilege, I think,His venerable hand to take,And warming in our own,A passage back, or two, to makeTo times when he was young.His quaint opinions to inspect,His knowledge to unfoldOn what concerns our mutual mind,The literature of old...
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Wanderers eastward, wanderers west, Know you why you cannot rest?'Tis that every mother's sonTravails with a skeleton.Lie down in the bed of dust;Bear the fruit that bear you must;Bring the eternal seed to light,And morn is all the same as night.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Revive your inner spirit! Break free from all things weighing you down, grab hold of your strong rope and lift yourself out of hopelessness!
Terry Pratchett|The thing I like about Irish whiskey is that the more you drink the smoother it goes down. Of course that's probably true of antifreeze as well, but illusion is nearly all we have.
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle|He was regarded merely as an eccentric employee of indifferent merit, and his post of deputy chief clerk was the highest he would ever reach. Well aware of this, he made it a rule never to show any zeal, except in special circumstances. It is true that in these cases his zeal was clothed with a spirit of vengeance directed against the whole human race—this being his second favourite occupation. Petitbidois would have liked to hold the reins of power. This being beyond his sphere, he utilized the small driblets of authority which came his way for the purpose of casting ridicule upon established law and order, by making it act as a sort of unintelligent and, if possible, malicious Providence. 'The world is an idiot place anyway,' he would say, 'so why worry? Life is just a lottery. Let us leave the decision to chance.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|This fall I think you're riding for—it's a special kind of fall, a horrible kind. The man falling isn't permitted to feel or hear himself hit bottom. He just keeps falling and falling. The whole arrangement's designed for men who, at some time or other in their lives, were looking for something their own environment couldn't supply them with. Or they thought their own environment couldn't supply them with. So they gave up looking. They gave it up before they ever really even got started.
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|Life. This morning the sun made me adore it. It had, behind the dripping pine trees, the oriental brightness, orange and crimson, of a living being, a rose and an apple, in the physical and ideal fusion of a true and daily paradise.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|You're under arrest for multiple counts of murder. You have the right to not much at all, really. Do you have anything to say in your defense?
Robert  Black|There are many ways to find meaning in life, one of them is the love of art
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|Quing-Jao: I am a slave to the gods, and I rejoice in it.Jane: A slave who rejoices is a slave indeed.
Matthew Flaming, The Kingdom of Ohio|When you touch a man’s heart, he will remember it forever.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Words contain the "souls" or minds of people in the past; as such, they tell the story of consciousness.
Debasish Mridha|Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Talk to me about the truth of religion and I'll listen gladly. Talk to me about the duty of religion and I'll listen submissively. But don't come talking to me about the consolations of religion or I shall suspect that you don't understand. Unless, of course, you can literally believe all that stuff about family reunions 'on the further shore,' pictured in entirely earthly terms. But that is all unscriptural, all out of bad hymns and lithographs. There's not a word of it in the Bible. And it rings false. We know it couldn't be like that. Reality never repeats. The exact same thing is never taken away and given back. How well the Spiritualists bait their hook! 'Things on this side are not so different after all.' There are cigars in Heaven. For that is what we should all like. The happy past restored.
Daniel Marques, The 88 Secret Codes of the Power Elite: The Complete Truth about Making Money with the Law of Attraction and Creating Miracles in Life that is Being Hidden from You with Mind Programming|Judgement is not punishment, judgment is verdict. Judgement always gives an opportunity for life to change.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She wanted none of those days to end, and it was always with disappointment that she watched the darkness stride forward. 
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|From the way that people have always talked about your heart being broken, it sort of seemed to be a one-time thing. Mine seemed to break all the time.
Ada Limon|All night I dreamt of bonfires and burn piles and ghosts of men, and spirits behind those birds of flame. I cannot tell anymore when a door opens or closes, I can only hear the frame saying, Walk through.
James Howe, Totally Joe|Dance for yourself. If someone understands, good. If not, no matter. Go right on doing what interests you, and do it until it stops interesting you.
Rumplestiltskin, Once Upon A Time|Evil is anything that goes against life, harms life, stifles life, destroys life. Evil is bringing harm to another person, inflicting unnecessary pain, suffering, or confusion. All evil comes from this. This is the root of all evil.
Carlos Fuentes|To be in a show like 'Miranda' that captures everyone's imagination is amazing, but it's hard when people can't see beyond that. I started travelling to North America because 'Miranda' was so popular in the U.K.; I always knew I wanted to challenge myself and not go for the obvious roles.
Geddy Lee|I love Sell Out, I think it's great. I love the jingles. The whole thing as an album is a wonderful piece of work. The cover. Everything about it. It's got humor, great songs, irony.
Orrin Woodward|Power in society is achieved through control of the purse, pen, and politics.
Candis Terry, Sweetest Mistake|wen thectaste of my own medicine is given to me results into silent treatment,its not bitter therefore i enjoy the medicine i gave you too.
Jeremy Camp, I Still Believe|I felt myself becoming angry too easily. I once saw a couple at a restaurant, and I could tell from their mannerisms that they were having some type of disagreement. I got mad at the guy and wanted to tell him, "Come on – appreciate your wife!
Heywood Broun, The Fifty-First Dragon|I told you there was no such thing as immortality, not even for dragons.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Papa taps on the skylight and I look up. He waves at me and smiles. I smile back. For now, I don't need to know what lies ahead. For now it's enough just to be here, safe aboard the Morning Star with my family and friends. For now, it's enough to be home.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|When we're dealing with the people in our family - no matter how annoying or gross they may be, no matter how self-inflicted their suffering may appear, no matter how afflicted they are with ignorance, prejudice or nose hairs - we give from the deepest parts of ourselves.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|Mothers can forgive anything! Tell me all, and be sure that I will never let you go, though the whole world should turn from you.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|What is it about wearing a tuxedo or that little black dress, that makes us feel confident, beautiful, splendid, even invincible?We put on formal wear and suddenly we become extraordinary.On the days when you feel low and invisible, why not try this on for size: imagine you are wearing a fantastic tailored tuxedo or a stunning formal gown.And then proceed with your day.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Connect with someone on a deeper level…mentally, spiritually, emotionally…and your soul will transcend the height of ecstasy.
Julie Adair King, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|Big brotherhood is a burden. The first message he needs to hear from you is that you understand. It isn't easy having to share your parents with a smelly baby or a two-year-old pest! The more we try to convince our kids that it's not so bad, the harder they'll work to convince us that it is indeed that bad.
Yoko Ono|I never understand when people say, 'School days are the best of your life.' So it's all downhill from 16? How depressing.
Peter Diamandis|I think a film set is a quite controlled environment and you feel like you can trust them and it is going to be a safe place to work, but I really don't think about it.
Elizabeth Chandler, Kissed by an Angel/The Power of Love/Soulmates|How would you feel about sharing your bed?" she asked. Tristan blinked. "Excuse me?" "He'd love to!" Gary said. Tristan shot him a look, "Good," said Ivy, failing to notice Gary's wink. "Ella can be a pillow hog, but all you have to do is roll over her.
William Dean Howells, A Traveler from Altruria|Forty-five years, these people were provided for. Not with much, you understand, but there weren't beggars in the streets or homeless people. Now everyone must figure out a new way to make a living. Selling hats or popcorn or flowers or coffee, there's not much difference. They're scared.
Masao Abe|...being able to wait without purpose in the state of highest tension...without continually asking yourself: Shall I be able to manage it? Wait patiently, as see what comes - and how it comes!
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|You're Valentine's son. I'm sure you're the one the Queen really wants to see. Besides, you're charming. Maybe not at the moment.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|[I]t is not by being richer or more powerful that a man becomes better; one is a matter of fortune, the other of virtue. Nor should she deem herself other than venal who weds a rich man rather than a poor, and desires more things in her husband than himself. Assuredly, whomsoever this concupiscence leads into marriage deserves payment rather than affection.
Deyth Banger|So bloody massacre, so nasty, so brutal he just starts to eat alive people flesh.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Ned looked to DeVere. "You are the master of mayhem. Any brilliant ideas?""If we want him to leave the gate, we must provide proper motivation," DeVere answered."Such as?" Phoebe prompted."Let us keep to the basics, my pet. Men are primarily moved by either their stomachs or their cocks. If we cannot tempt the one, it must be the other."Ned glared. "What are you suggesting?""Our little chambermaid can take the blighter off by offering him a hand job.""The hell she will!" Ned barked before Phoebe could answer for herself. "Think of something else!""Come now, Ned. She'll be well compensated for her trouble. He laughed. "Hell, for a thousand, I might be tempted to do it myself."A WILD NIGHT'S BRIDE
Baylee Crush, Judge's Chambers: A Due Process Erotic Short Story|Follow your heart, but use your mind as the navigator.
Cami Ostman|There are some people who think runners are snobs. These people are called non-runners. And they're right, of course. There is a certain hubris you develop when you do things no one else does.
Benedict Cumberbatch|Tell me,Do you feel the way I feel?'Cause nothing else is realIn the La La Land machine
Kamand Kojouri|Think not of the fragility of life, but of the power of books, when mere words have the ability to change our lives simply by being next to each other.
Keith Hollihan, The Four Stages of Cruelty: A Novel|Generally speaking, by the way, that is the moral of the opponents of violence in politics: they renounce violence when it comes to introducing changes in what already exists, but in defense of the existing order they will not stop at the most ruthless acts.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|Prayer is not first and foremost talking to God, it's first and foremost listening to God.
Celine Dion|Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.
Ben Horowitz|Learning in a face-to-face human community, as humans have evolved to do over hundreds of thousands of years, may always be the ideal - especially in an endeavor that is as relationship-driven as business.
Woo Myung, The Way To Become A Person In Heaven While Living|From the age of 13, I was attracted to physics and mathematics. My interest in these subjects derived mostly from popular science books that I read avidly. Early on I was fascinated by theoretical physics and determined to become a theoretical physicist. I had no real idea what that meant, but it seemed incredibly exciting to spend one's life attempting to find the secrets of the universe by using one's mind.
Debasish Mridha|At the end, nothing will remain except the poetry of your love.
Robert Zubrin|To the casual observer, the Dropbox demo video looked like a normal product demonstration, but we put in about a dozen Easter eggs that were tailored for the Digg audience. References to Tay Zonday and 'Chocolate Rain' and allusions to 'Office Space' and 'XKCD.' It was a tongue-in-cheek nod to that crowd, and it kicked off a chain reaction.
Tracy Chevalier, Remarkable Creatures|When you become a happier human being as a result of letting go of certain people or things, that's the universe's way of letting you know it was the right choice.
GoalsRider|Your life is up to you, You only be what you want to be
Vineet Raj Kapoor|If You Respect Their Preparation,You never Drop the Baton
Joey Adams|My dad told me, 'It takes fifteen years to be an overnight success', and it took me seventeen and a half years.
Charlie Close, Before the Ripcord Broke: Stories|It tugged at his soul not to talk to other writers about his work. He loved the bank, keeping it secure and compliant with the laws and regulations. People assumed these things happened by magic. They did not. Hauer never talked about it outside the office. He didn't want to make the other writers uncomfortable. If he developed a reputation as someone who brought his work with him to writers conferences they would all turn away, to sip and swizzle their drinks without him.
Dean Koontz, One Door Away from Heaven|Change isn't easy. Changing the way you live means changing the way you think, means changing what you believe about life. That's hard.
Kate Furnivall, The Jewel of St. Petersburg|Humans are a creature who are always unpleased and have a weak emotion of jealousy. You become jealous of someone because you believe they have something better than you do or something you should have for yourself. However, we don’t recognize that our jealousy will last longer than the reason of our jealously. Even though jealousy is a part of our human nature, it is not a satisfying quality to occupy yourself with – it is a sign of your failure. It is like a burning fire, which will eventually burn you from inside. Therefore, don’t let yourself burn along the fire of your jealousy, as a matter of fact, make it your stepping stone for your own accomplishment.
Fredrik Bajer|The plan shows that the twenty million people in the German democratic Republic and in the democratic sector of Berlin think only of peace, and that they are working for freedom and peaceful prosperity.
Dada Bhagwan|The essence of the world is Sachchidanand [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leads to bliss].
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|¡Zape! (Shoo!) Go away, go away, espíritu maligno (bad spirit)!” they sang. “Go back to where you came from!”The festive musical celebration combined the prayers and songs with expressive dancing to the rhythm of percussion and string instruments, which accompanied the child’s ascent into heaven, where she would become an angel. Women, men and children ate, drank, prayed, sang and danced. They also played games like la gallina ciega (the blind chicken) where children tried to escape the touch of a blindfolded child who would walk around trying to feel for them. Whoever she touched was disqualified from the game. The baquiné lasted throughout the night. In a time when so many children perished to disease, this was a way for the child’s loved ones to say good-bye and endure the painful loss. But when all were gone, the crude reality set in. Manuel will never forget the image of those poor parents, devastated, sitting alone right next to the altar where their child lay dead, weeping desperately at her loss.He prayed for Ana’s soul. He prayed for those parents.And he prayed that he would never have to suffer the agony of losing a child.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|All your words are but to say: you are a woman, and your part is in the house. But when the men have died in battle and honour, you have leave to be burned in the house, for the men will need it no more. But I am of the House of Erol and not a serving-woman. I can ride and wield blade, and I do not fear either pain or death.
Irvin D. Yalom, The Spinoza Problem|If science is defined or understood as a mode of seeking knowledge, a means of interpreting nature in a way that can be demonstrated to others, then the plant-medicine traditions of the Amazon as they have been practiced constitute an authentic scientific discipline.
V.J. Campilan, All My Lonely Islands|You’re trying to look for rock bottom, to that part of yourself that could no longer feel pain. But there is no such thing as rock bottom. As long as there is left to destroy in you, you’d do it. We always feel the need to sink ourselves because we keep being intolerable, because if we’re suffering then maybe people would give us a break for all the shameful things we do. You think you could impose your own penance, but it never goes away, does it? That kind of deadening that’s worse than actual dying.
shaikh mustafa|Everybody says I am NOBODY,and you know NOBODY is Perfect.
Wanda Sykes, Yeah, I Said It|Women and our right to choose were going to be challenged with Ashcroft around. When Bush appointed Ashcroft, I went out and got me four abortions. I stocked up. The doctor was like, 'Listen, you're not pregnant.' I said, 'Hey, just shut up and do your job. I'm exercising my right while I can, dammit.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Better to keep it in the old heads, where no one can see it or suspect it. We are all bits and pieces of history and literature and international law. Byron, Tom Paine, Machiavelli, or Christ, it's here. And the hour's late. And the war's begun. And we are out here, and the city is there, all wrapped up in its own coat of a thousand colors... All we want to do is keep the knowledge we think we will need intact and safe. We're not out to incite or anger anyone yet. For if we are destroyed, the knowledge is dead, perhaps for good... Right now we have a horrible job; we're waiting for the war to begin and, as quickly, end. It's not pleasant, but then we're not in control, we're the odd minority crying in the wilderness. When the war's over, perhaps we can be of some use in the world.
Richard L.  Ratliff|If you build it well, a satisfaction comesAn honor to say I built that with fidelity,Purpose, value and integrity
Andrae Crouch|I don't know. Only God knows where the story ends for me, but I know where the story begins. It's up to us to choose, whether we win or lose and I choose to win.
Amartya Sen, The Argumentative Indian: Writings on Indian History, Culture and Identity|While we cannot live without history, we need not live within it either.
Jonathan Wells, The Politically Incorrect Guide to Darwinism and Intelligent Design|The secret of DNA's success is that it carries information like that of a computer program, but far more advanced. Since experience shows that intelligence is the only presently acting cause of information, we can infer that intelligence is the best explanation for the information in DNA.
Gene Krupa|By giving the public a rich and full melody, distinctly arranged and well played, all the time creating new tone colors and patterns, I feel we have a better chance of being successful. I want a kick to my band, but I don't want the rhythm to hog the spotlight.
M. Pax, The Backworlds|At one time, we all were Gods.
Steve Brunkhorst|Challenge each problem you face with purposeful thought and determined action. Resolve that 'every' situation you encounter will make you better, stronger, wiser, more skillful and more loving.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|See, you’ve got to understand, son. There’s two types of guys in this world. There’s guys . . . who think they’re in control, and guys like us who live in the moment. Who accept life as it is.
William Wilberforce, Real Christianity|The established church of the town of Mansoul has the Devil for its archbishop. Sin has enclasped our nature as a boa constrictor encircles its victim, and when it has maintained its hold for twenty, forty, or sixty years, I hope you are not so foolish as to think that holy things will easily get the mastery.
Theodore Roosevelt|I would rather go out of politics having the feeling that I had done what was right than stay in with the approval of all men, knowing in my heart that I have acted as I ought not to.
Peter Saul|Any time you have defensive ends going above you in the draft, when you know you put up numbers that were equal to better, you just have to use that as motivation. Whenever you're the underdog, you have to have the right attitude and just go out there and be yourself; just play.
Michael Pollan|Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. That, more or less, is the short answer to the supposedly incredibly complicated and confusing question of what we humans should eat in order to be maximally healthy.
Donald Miller, Through Painted Deserts: Light, God, and Beauty on the Open Road|When you build a city near no mountains and no ocean, you get materialism and traditional religion. People have too much time and lack inspiration.
Rudolf Rocker, Anarchism and Anarcho-Syndicalism|There is no middle ground for moral choice and political decision because by being on a safe side, any indecisive act poses a moral hazard to the individual freedom and integrity of a democratic society.~ Danny Castillones Sillada, The Postmodern Filipino Prince: The Moral Hazard of Political Indecision
Brian Andreas|One day, I decided to help wherever I could & it was almost like magic, because I was exactly what the world needed everywhere I went.
Dada Bhagwan|When someone is using negative speech, do not ruin your own speech.
Plutarch|Leonard Woolf in a letter to Lytton Strachey said he hated John Maynard Keynes "for his crass stupidity and hideous face".
Adele Griffin, Tighter|What are you burning?" On a glance, just some papers."I write in a journal." He spoke below his breath, so that his words weren't quite for me. "Because I like to see everything written down. So that I know it really happened. That I wasn't just making it up. Then I read it and memorize it. And then I have to destroy the hard evidence."I thought of my own journal, the muddle of every page. All those unfiltered, lunatic letters to Sean Ryan."What is it, exactly, that you need to destroy?""Everything that I don't want to be true.
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|There was a lot they didn’t tell you about death, she had discovered, and one of the biggies was how long it took the ones you loved most to die in your heart.
Diana Gabaldon|Its appearance was greeted with cries of rapture, and following a brief struggle over possesion of the volume, William rescued it before it should be torn to pieces, but allowed himself to be induced to read some of the passages aloud, his dramatic rendering being greeted by wolflike howls of enthusiasim and hails of live pits.
James Madison|Every new and successful example, therefore, of a perfect separation between the ecclesiastical and civil matters, is of importance; and I have no doubt that every new example will succeed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and government will both exist in greater purity the less they are mixed together.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|Of course the Neverlands vary a good deal. John’s, for instance, had a lagoon with flamingos flying over it at which John was shooting, while Michael, who was very small, had a flamingo with lagoons flying over it. John lived in a boat turned upside down on the sands, Michael in a wigwam, Wendy in a house of leaves deftly sewn together. John had no friends, Michael had friends at night, Wendy had a pet wolf forsaken by its parents...
Will Advise|Once a thing is removed from your heart, a trace of it still remains.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Horror is a situation, not a character, no matter how evil one may be.
Linda Mintle, Breaking Free From Anger  Unforgiveness: A biblical strategy to conquer destructive reactions|What happens if anger takes you over, Tessa? Who will you be then? What will be left of you?
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|Because this is Upper Canada, after all, and 'caning' sounds more English than 'having ass whipped to death with hickory stick.
waqas7|If you can't keep control your emotions,you can't keep save your relationships..,
George Orwell, Why I Write|I try to write a certain amount each day, five days a week. A rule sometimes broken is better than no rule.
Don Roff|You know how they say that if you think you might be going crazy, it’s proof that you’re not? Well, it’s a lie. One of many they tell you about mental illness.
Debasish Mridha|Oh beloved, I want to live in your love,to feel the joy of life, to see the beauty of desires,to enjoy the song of heart,to dance with you, my love.
Ross  Turner, Jenson|Sooner or later, they’ll realize that having one spider in the house kills a lot of the lesser insects.
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|If you’re not angry, you’re either a stone, or you’re too sick to be angry. You should be angry. You must not be bitter. Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. It doesn’t do anything to the object of its displeasure. So use that anger, yes. You write it. You paint it. You dance it. You march it. You vote it. You do everything about it. You talk it. Never stop talking it.
Steve Keen, Adbusters #84 Pop Nihilism|It seems then that instead of consumers' willingness to pay influencing market prices, the causality is somewhat reversed and it is market prices themselves that influence consumers' willingness to pay.
Dave Blood|Came but for friendship, and took away love.
Ellie Ryder|Beware to entertain strangers, thereby you may entertain an angel unawares...New Testament.
Kurt Cobain|Kids don't care about rock and roll as much as they used to, as the other generations have. It's already turned into nothing but a fashion statement and an identity for kids to use as a tool for them to fuck and have a social life.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Reading Chip's college orientation materials, Alfred had been struck by the sentence New England winters can be very cold. The curtains he'd bought at Sears were of a plasticized brown-and-pink fabric with a backing of foam rubber. They were heavy and bulky and stiff. "You'll appreciate these on a cold night," he told Chip. "You'll be surprised how much they cut down drafts." But Chip's freshman roommate was a prep-school product named Roan McCorkle who would soon be leaving thumbprints, in what appeared to be Vaseline, on the fifth-grade photo of Denise. Roan laughed at the curtains and Chip laughed, too. He put them back in the box and stowed the box in the basement of the dorm and let it gather mold there for the next four years. He had nothing against the curtains personally. They were simply curtains and they wanted no more than what any curtains wanted - to hang well, to exclude light to the best of their ability, to be neither too small nor too large for the window that it was their task in life to cover; to be pulled this way in the evening and that way in the morning; to stir in the breezes that came before rain on a summer night; to be much used and little noticed. There were numberless hospitals and retirement homes and budget motels, not just in the Midwest but in the East as well, where these particularly brown rubber-backed curtains could have had a long and useful life. It wasn't their fault that they didn't belong in a dorm room. They'd betrayed no urge to rise above their station; their material and patterning contained not a hint of unseemly social ambition. They were what they were. If anything, when he finally dug them out of the eve of graduation, their virginal pinkish folds turned out to be rather less plasticized and homely and Sears-like than he remembered. They were nowhere near as shameful as he'd thought.
Ryū Murakami, 69|Every year, when you're a child, you become a different person.
S.J. Parris, Heresy|At the dealership, I pulled out the sieve and toyed with it threateningly. When the salesman was ready for me, I held it up, told him I was not a tourist and demanded a large discount.
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not sow into God, you cannot expect a financial harvest.
Vironika Tugaleva|Courage is your natural setting. You do not need to become courageous, but rather peel back the layers of self-protective, limiting beliefs that keep you small.
Willard Scott|Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all; and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.
Junot Díaz|We all dream dreams of unity, of purity; we all dream that there's an authoritative voice out there that will explain things, including ourselves. If it wasn't for our longing for these things, I doubt the novel or the short story would exist in its current form. I'm not going to say much more on the topic. Just remember: In dictatorships, only one person is really allowed to speak. And when I write a book or a story, I too am the only one speaking, no matter how I hide behind my characters.
Samantha Mumba|Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|I love you, Tyler. I always have and always will. I can’t let you go because you’re the only person who can breathe oxygen into my lungs, blood to my beating heart, thoughts into my brain. I live only for you, Tyler. Can’t you see that? You were always meant to be mine.
Lori Lesko|Socrates is flying. No, he is soaring. The wings behind him beat in a calming rhythm while the cool air rushes past. His wings are all that matter, snapping at the rushing wind like the sails of some great sea vessel, the feathery appendages all he is and all he will ever want to be.His back muscles flex with the effort that takes him high above the ground. He feels the effort, of course, but sweeping into the sky does not require much of one. The sensation is pleasurable, even exhilarating. With flight there is freedom beyond description, an ecstasy bordering on sexual.He has only one destination, and that is to soar higher, to no longer be a prisoner of the earth. Here destinations seem irrelevant, the world below small. Flying exceeds every pleasure he knows. In the immense forever of blue sky, all that matters is flight and his ability to climb higher.Up and up and up...
Debasish Mridha|My heart is aching for the people of Nice, Italy. I am so sad that I have no words to express my frustration.
Burbuqe Raufi, The Tavern: A Novella|I wanted to be something else, anything else. I could be a snail on a leaf, or the leaf itself. I could be a pig in the mud or a cow grazing in the field. I could be a drop of rain that fell from the heavens, or a shimmering fish deep in the ocean. But I was human and I had feelings
Sipporah Joseph, Spirit Tales Spirit Tale One: The Wheelwork: Don't You Know You're Not Alone!|There are matters in that book, said to be done by the express command of God, that are as shocking to humanity, and to every idea we have of moral justice, as any thing done by Robespierre, by Carrier, by Joseph le Bon, in France, by the English government in the East Indies, or by any other assassin in modern times. When we read in the books ascribed to Moses, Joshua, etc., that they (the Israelites) came by stealth upon whole nations of people, who, as the history itself shews, had given them no offence; that they put all those nations to the sword; that they spared neither age nor infancy; that they utterly destroyed men, women and children; that they left not a soul to breathe; expressions that are repeated over and over again in those books, and that too with exulting ferocity; are we sure these things are facts? are we sure that the Creator of man commissioned those things to be done? Are we sure that the books that tell us so were written by his authority?
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Instead of you pouring out your life and giving out your life and exchanging it for a porridge called salary, instead of selling out your life bit by bit until you are old and empty and until you become so old that they send you off to die in retirement, you should come to the realization that you could actually multiply and reproduce your life through the power of time conversion.
Barbara Jean Coast, Strangled by Silk|Do you mind? Just drape your arm around her shoulder. That's it. Yes this is good, Mr.Henshaw. Getting your picture taken with Daphne is a great way to introduce you to our set. Welcome to Santa Lucia!
Hannah Q. Mensah|Someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive.
Michael Ondaatje, In the Skin of a Lion|The first sentence of every novel should be: Trust me, this will take time but there is order here, very faint, very human.
Eraldo Banovac|Good managers don't set a goal to increase efficiency, but rather an implementation of business process improvements that result in higher efficiency as well.
Prinx Maurice|Kyoko sniffs, unable to speak. Sometimes saying nothing means most of all.
Richard Bach|I see music as one language. If one musical form eats its own tail, it dies. So it needs to be a mongrel, it needs to be hybridised.
Aaron Levie|I'm a '70s mom, and my daughter is a '90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Now a theist, he thought he should behave like one, even if it meant him during "the fussy, time-wasting, botheration of it all! the bells, the crowds, the umbrellas, the notices, the bustle, the perpetual arranging and organizing," and, worst of all, the hymns and organ music.
Louis de Bernières, Corelli's Mandolin|The only performance that makes it, that makes it all the way is the one that achieves madness.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|Here is one way to conceptualize NASA's heroic era: in 1961, Kennedy gave his "moon speech" to Congress, charging them to put an American on the moon "before the decade is out." In the eight years that unspooled between Kennedy's speech and Neil Armstrong's first historic bootprint, NASA, a newborn government agency, established sites and campuses in Texas, Florida, Alabama, California, Ohio, Maryland, Mississippi, Virginia, and the District of Columbia; awarded multi-million-dollar contracts and hired four hundred thousand workers; built a fully functioning moon port in a formerly uninhabited swamp; designed and constructed a moonfaring rocket, spacecraft, lunar lander, and space suits; sent astronauts repeatedly into orbit, where they ventured out of their spacecraft on umbilical tethers and practiced rendezvous techniques; sent astronauts to orbit the moon, where they mapped out the best landing sites; all culminating in the final, triumphant moment when they sent Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin to step out of their lunar module and bounce about on the moon, perfectly safe within their space suits. All of this, start to finish, was accomplished in those eight years.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|Our view of man will remain superficial so long as we fail to go back to that origin [of silence], so long as we fail to find, beneath the chatter of words, the primordial silence, and as long as we do not describe the action which breaks this silence. the spoken word is a gesture, and its meaning, a world.
Elizabeth Gilbert|The inability to open up to hope is what blocks trust, and blocked trust is the reason for blighted dreams.
Stephen King|I am always chilled and astonished by the would-be writers who ask me for advice and admit, quite blithely, that they "don't have time to read." This is like a guy starting up Mount Everest saying that he didn't have time to buy any rope or pitons.
|Leave your goals and dreams in God's hands, but don't fail to play your part by believing in your abilities and taking consistent actions with faith
Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within|The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined. Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite. The former will be exercised principally on external objects, as war, peace, negotiation and foreign commerce. ... The powers reserved to the several States will extend to all the objects which in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives and liberties, and properties of the people, and the internal order, improvement and prosperity of the State.
Shawna Lemay|Yet I never sought what is real, yearned for the real, but rather I have yearned for dreams more than solid things. I can say I love the textures of dreams. The way they hover and almost taste. The clouds and darkness that linger behind, mostly unseen. And the palette of dreams. You can almost taste the colours, they seem as words on the tip of the tongue, unsayable as pomegranate seeds, unsayable as thick cream, the darkness of such a thick cream. This is why I am obsessed with dreams. They know what we cannot. Night after night they try and tell us the impossible. Dreams are secret and closed, and also contain everything, gushing, splayed open. Dream suitcases, carpetbags, hold-alls. They influence us secretly and they draw me to travel to nowhere, to beauty’s passage, through halls of mirrors where I know I am not myself, I know I am sublime. 
Thomas Clarkson|All Americans value the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press, and I believe this is essential for our continued way of life. But with this freedom comes responsibility. That responsibility has been abdicated here by some in the media and some in the government.
Carroll Bryant, Children of the Flower Power|Listen." Jennifer reverted, "I didn't mean anything by all of that before. I understand what you were trying to do and ..." She struggled for the right words. "Sweetie, like love, people don't live inside of life, life lives inside of you. Open yourself up to it and there's no stopping your heart.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|As you see the opening get closer, you just can't get fast enough. And finally, just when you think you'll never get there, you see the opening right in front of you.
Shya Kane, How to Have a Match Made in Heaven|One girl raved about a nice voicemail a guy had recently left her. I kindly requested she play it and heard this gem: 'Hey, Lydia. It's Sam. Just calling to say what's up. Gimme a ring when you get a chance.'THAT WAS IT.I pleaded to know what was so great about this. She sweetly recalled that 'he remembered my name, he said hi, and he told me to call him back.'Never mind the fact that what she described was the content of LITERALLY EVERY VOICE MAIL IN HISTORY. Name, hello, please call back. Not really a boatload of charm on display. To fail this test, a guy would have to leave a message that said: 'No greeting. This is man. I don't remember you. End communication.
A.J. Arias, Robbie Velez and The Key to Rocket City|Trust no one," said Sullivan, "especially Teachers.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we are willing to explore our own experiences, we open the doorway to deeper connection and intimacy.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda: v. 3|Though our castes and institutions are apparently linked with our religion, they are not so. These institutions have been necessary to protect us as a nation, and when this necessity for self-preservation will no more exist, they will die a natural death. But the older I grow, the better I seem to think of these time-honored institutions of India. There was a time when I used to think that many of them were useless and worthless; but the older I grew, the more I seem to feel a diffidence in cursing any one of them, for each one of them is the embodiment of the experience of centuries. A child of but yesterday, destined to die the day after tomorrow, comes to me and asks me to change all my plans; and if I hear the advice of that baby and change all my surroundings according to his ideas, I myself should be a fool, and no one else. Much of the advice that is coming to us from different countries is similar to this. Tell these wiseacres: "I will hear you when you have made a society yourselves. You cannot hold on to one idea for two days, you quarrel and fail; you are born like moths in the spring and die like them in five minutes. You come up like bubbles and burst like bubbles too. First form a stable society like ours. First make laws and institutions that remain undiminished in their power through scores of centuries. Then will be the time to talk on the subject with you, but till then, my friend, you are only a giddy child.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Now-people” are winners; they say “now” and they do it now! That’s the spirit we need, my friends. If you have the goals and the environment is clear enough, go ahead and do it now!
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|All believers in Christ, the Scripture teaches, will suffer-all of us. You will be glorified, Paul says, if you suffer with him. The problem with too many of us is not that we don't suffer, but that we assume that only Third World Christians or heroic missionaries are suffering. My boys didn't know that they were suffering in Russia; they would feel it as suffering now.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|She meant that they'd never used words like "separation" and "divorce" even in their worst screaming matches. They yelled things like, "You're infuriating!" "You don't think!" "You are the most annoying woman in the history of annoying women!" "I hate you!" "I hate you more!" and they always, always used the word "always," even though Clementine's mother had said you should never use that word in an argument with your spouse, as in, for example, "You always forget to refill the water jug!" (But Sam did always forget. It was accurate.)
Sunday Adelaja|We are all blessed, but there are people who have special favor and grace with God
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters|I never want to leave you."  I didn't respond- not because I couldn't find the words, but because there weren't any words in the entire world that could have sounded more perfect.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Say what you will of religion, but draw applicable conclusions and comparisons to reach a consensus.Religion = Reli = Prefix to Relic, or an ancient item. In days of old, items were novel, and they inspired devotion to the divine, and in the divine. Now, items are hypnotizing the masses into submission.Take Christ for example. When he broke bread in the Bible, people actually ate, it was useful to their bodies.Compare that to the politics, governments and corrupt, bumbling bureacrats and lobbyists in the economic recession of today. When they "broke bread", the economy nearly collapsed, and the benefactors thereof were only a select, decadent few. There was no bread to be had, so they asked the people for more!Breaking bread went from meaning sharing food and knowledge and wealth of mind and character, to meaning break the system, being libelous, being unaccountable, and robbing the earth.So they married people's paychecks to the land for high ransoms, rents and mortgages, effectively making any renter or landowner either a slave or a slave master once more. We have higher class toys to play with, and believe we are free. The difference is, the love of profit has the potential, and has nearly already enslaved all, it isn't restriced by culture anymore.Truth is not religion. Governments are religions. Truth does not encourage you to worship things. Governments are for profit. Truth is for progress. Governments are about process.When profit goes before progress, the latter suffers.The truest measurement of the quality of progress, will be its immediate and effective results without the aid of material profit.Quality is meticulous, it leaves no stone unturned, it is thorough and detail oriented. It takes its time, but the results are always worth the investment.Profit is quick, it is ruthless, it is unforgiving, it seeks to be first, but confuses being first with being the best, it is long scale suicidal, it is illusory, it is temporary, it is vastly unfulfilling. It breaks families, and it turns friends. It is single track minded, and small minded as well.Quality, would never do that, my friends.Ironic how dealing and concerning with money, some of those who make the most money, and break other's monies are the most unaccountable. People open bank accounts, over spend, and then expect to be held "unaccountable" for their actions. They even act innocent and unaccountable. But I tell you, everything can and will be counted, and accounted for.Peace can be had, but people must first annhilate the love of items, over their own kind.
Stacy Buck, Squanto Undead: Wake the Undead Part 3|One day someone is going to read my autobiography and say “Wow, what a horror novel
Karisma Kapoor|Compared to politics, I think sports is funnier, because it's inconsequential. And politics can be real important and all that. The more pointless something is, the funnier it is, you know?
Hillary DePiano, New Year's Thieve|NOEL: And even when I don't stay up until midnight, I still enjoy the tradition of New Year's resolutions. What can I say? I like setting personal goals and challenging myself to improve. I suppose I could do it on any day of the year, but the New Year is as good a day as any. It's a fresh start.
G.S. Jennsen, Transcendence: Aurora Rising Book Three|Alone for a few precious seconds, he drew in a deep breath. He stood on a ruined street in a ruined city. Destruction stretched for kilometers in every direction, all caused by a single man for whom vengeance had devolved into madness.
William S. Burroughs|The life of the Addict is always the same. There is no excitement, no glamour, no fun. There are no good times, there is no joy, there is no happiness. There is no future and no escape. There is only an obsession. An all-encompassing, fully enveloping, completely overwhelming obsession. To make light of it, brag about it, or revel in the mock glory of it is not in any way, shape or form related to its truth, and that is all that matters, the truth.
Sarah Thebarge|Despair dragged at me like an anchor, pulling me down. I closed my eyes and retreated to some dim place within, where there was nothing but an aching grey blankness…
Karen Joy Fowler|If you have to beg someone to be in your life, they don't belong there.
Robin D. Hart, Warning! Proceed With Caution Into the Practice of Law|I believe that there is something in all of us that is seeking expression, that wants to be heard, that wants to be accepted and respected and loved. We each express ourselves in different ways - through manipulation or domination, through receiving and giving pain, through crying, through loving, through giving hope and inspiration to others. We are all seeking the same thing - expression of who we are and what we want from this life.
Sheila Heti, How Should a Person Be?|Life is not a harvest. Just because you have an apple doesn’t mean you have an orchard. You have an apple. Put a fence around it. Once you have put a fence around everything you value, then you have the total circle of your heart.
Melinda Salisbury|What are you dreams, Twylla?”“I – I have none. I have all I want.”“I don’t believe that. You must have some dreams – everyone does.” “I want…I want to be happy,” I say, realizing at once that it’s a stupid thing to say. But to my surprise he’s nodding, a smile tugging at his lips. “I want to be happy too.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|If you want to be on Forbes Rich List, use Cosmic Ordering.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Pandora's Box|It feels so good making so much money when other people have to work for so much less but it is so much beautiful if humanity takes much from you, it is an investment into life.
Wendy James, The Golden Child: sweetness, danger, bullying, shame|Life has played her like a cat weaving between her legs, pretending to be tame, friendly, before sinking its claws into soft, vulnerable flesh.
Jake T. Forbes, Return to Labyrinth, Vol. 1|There is no "right" way--only the way that is put before you.
James Baldwin|...when the black populations of the world have a future, so will the Western nations have a future-and not till then. But the terrible probability is that the Western populations, struggling to hold on to what they have stolen from their captives, and unable to look into their mirror will precipitate a chaos throughout the world which, if it does not bring life on this planet to an end, will bring about a racial war such as the world has never seen, and for which generations yet unborn will curse our names forever.
Toni Sorenson|When the finish line seems too far away, remember how you felt when you were back at the starting line. Regain that motivation to recharge your momentum.
Christos K|The postgrad at least knew enough to know that he would never know enough, lying under the stars which hung from the inky sky like bunches of inconceivably heavy, lustrous grapes, dusted with the yeast of eternity.
Deshwal Sachin|When humans began cultivating the land, they thought that the extra work this required will pay off. 'Yes, we will have to work harder. But the harvest will be so bountiful! We won't have to worry any more about lean years. Our children will never go to sleep hungry.' It made sense.If you worked harder, you would have a better life. That was the plan.The first part of the plan went smoothly. People indeed worked harder. But people did not foresee that the number of children would increase, meaning that the extra wheat would have to be shared between more children.Neither did the early farmers understand that feeding children with more porridge and less breast milk would weaken their immune system, and that permanent settlements would be hotbeds for infectious diseases.They did not foresee that by increasing their dependence on a single source of food, they were actually exposing themselves even more to the depredations of drought. Nor did the farmers foresee that in good years their bulging granaries would tempt thieves and enemies, compelling them to start building walls and doing guard duty.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|As one climbs up the ladders in society, one starts feeling more and more like an owner, less like a member of it.
William Faulkner, Light in August|he looked at her, stripped naked for the instant of verbiage and deceit.
John Duns Scotus,|There appears to be a fifth way, that of eminence. According to this I argue that it is incompatible with the idea of a most perfect being that anything should excel it in perfection (from the corollary to the fourth conclusion of the third chapter) . Now there is nothing incompatible about a finite thing being excelled in perfection; therefore, etc. The minor is proved from this, that to be infinite is not incompatible with being; but the infinite is greater than any finite being. Another formulation of the same is this. That to which intensive infinity is not repugnant is not all perfect unless it be infinite, for if it is finite, it can be surpassed, since infinity is not repugnant to it. But infinity is not repugnant to being, therefore the most perfect being is infinite.The minor of this proof, which was used in the previous argument, [1] cannot, it seems, be proven *a priori*. For, just as contradictories by their very nature contradict each other and their opposition cannot be made manifest by anything more evident, so also these terms [viz. "being" and "infinite"] by their very nature are not repugnant to each other. Neither does there seem to be any way of proving this except by explaining the meaning of the notions themselves. "Being" cannot be explained by anything better known than itself. "Infinite" we understand by means of finite. I explain "infinite" in a popular definition as follows: The infinite is that which exceeds the finite, not exactly by reason of any finite measure, but in excess of any measure that could be assigned.—[2] The following persuasive argument can be given for what we intend to prove. Just as everything is assumed to be possible if its impossibility is not apparent, so also all things are assumed to be compatible if their incompatibility is not manifest. Now there is no incompatibility apparent here, for it is not of the nature of being to be finite; nor does finite appear to be an attribute coextensive with being. But if they were mutually repugnant, it would be for one or the other of these reasons. The coextensive attributes which being possesses seem to be sufficiently evident.—[3] A third persuasive argument is this. Infinite in its own way is not opposed to quantity (that is, where parts are taken successively); therefore, neither is infinity, in its own way, opposed to entity (that is, where perfection exists simultaneously) .—[4] If the quantity characteristic of power is simply more perfect than that characteristic of mass, why is it possible to have an infinity [of parts] in mass and not an infinite power? And if an infinite power is possible, then it actually exists (from the fourth conclusion of the third chapter).—[5] The intellect, whose object is being, finds nothing repugnant about the notion of something infinite. Indeed, the infinite seems to be the most perfect thing we can know. Now if tonal discord so easily displeases the ear, it would be strange if some intellect did not clearly perceive the contradiction between infinite and its first object [viz. being] if such existed. For if the disagreeable becomes offensive as soon as it is perceived, why is it that no intellect naturally shrinks from infinite being as it would from something out of harmony with, and even destructive of, its first object?"—from_A Treatise on God as First Principle_, 4.63-4.64
Debasish Mridha|You may not always change your situation but you can always change your perception. For better or worse, it will change the situation.
Neal A Maxwell|If he didn't have Ronnie already in his arms he'd have assumed she'd just opened the door...and aged a few years. Wow, he thought in surprise, she's going to be hot when we hit fifty.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|Had I only known my lettersWould be of such importanceI’d empty myself on paperEvery single morning’And it was for such reason,as she read his little stanza,that she decided to stamponefinalletter:‘Every single morningI’d empty myself on paperYou were my greater importanceThat’s why I wrote you letters.
Stephen Altrogge, The Greener Grass Conspiracy: Finding Contentment on Your Side of the Fence|No, of course not. I just feel content,” she said carefully.“That’s an old person’s word,” said Ethan.
Susan Sontag|I love women more on canvas than real life, for they seldom change on canvas!
John le Carré, The Spy Who Came In from the Cold|But I am scared. Everybody's scared.""You know what I mean, like scared scared. Like coward scared, like if you never went to begin with. But with everything you've done nobody's going to doubt you." Then she made a somewhat frantic speech about a website she found that listed how certain people had avoided Vietnam. Cheney, Four education deferments, then a hardship 3-A. Limbaugh,4-F thanks to a cyst on his ass. Pat Buchanan, 4-F. Newt Gingrich, grad school deferment. Karl Rove, did not serve. Bill O'Reilly, did not serve. John Ashcroft, did not serve. Bush, AWOL from the Air National Guard, with a check mark in the "do not volunteer" box as to service overseas."You see where I'm going with this?'"Well, yeah.""I'm just saying, those people want a war so bad, they can fight it themselves. Billy Lynn's done his part.
Tim Palmer, Endangered Rivers and the Conservation Movement|Poetry is a wild water that flows as furious river from "spring" in the summer.
Anthony Liccione|They’re called sock puppets. We create armies of artificial online personas – user accounts that espouse views certain interested parties want espoused. We flood forums, online comment sections, social media. ... It’s amazing what a few people and a little money can accomplish online. Our puppets have turned whole elections. … Everything the public sees is managed. If there’s a valuable brand to protect – whether it’s a person or a dish soap – these fuckers are out there protecting it, shaping the narrative. I mean… who the hell follows dish soap on Twitter? How does anyone believe that shit’s real? (p. 292-294)
Adam Grant|As Chris Granger, executive vice president at the NBA, explains, "Talented people are attracted to those who care about them. When you help someone get promoted out of your team, it's a short-term loss, but it's a clear long-term gain. It's easier to attract people, because word gets around that your philosophy is to help people.
Stephen David McGoughan-Matthews|It is a tragedy, at rate at which EBOLA VIRUS is spreading in West Africa. It is a fatal disease in the history of the world. Intensive education (formal and informal approaches) of the citizens of African can help prevent the spread. International cooperation is urgently needed to combat the EBOLA virus.
Doug Rice, An Erotics of Seeing: The force of photography as philosophy's broken sentence|True photographs tend to remain on the streets, the story almost about to enter the edge of the frame of the snapshot or the shutter closing a moment too late, the story having just abandoned the frame.
Scott Garrett|When the president went around the table to the country's national security leadership, Hillary was clear: We have to go get bin Laden. And our Special Operations Forces did just that.
Brent M. Jones|They reached the summit of a shallow incline and were greeted with a surprising vista of bluebells that blanketed the forest floor. It was like stumbling into a dream, the cerulean haze seeping between the trunks of oak and beech and ash. The smell of bluebells was everywhere, the perfumed air feeling heavy and rich in her lungs.Pausing by a slender tree trunk, Annabelle curled her arm around it loosely and stared at the stands of bluebells with surprised pleasure. "Lovely," she murmured, her face gleaming in the shadow cast by the canopy of ancient, interlaced branches."Yes." But Hunt was looking at her, not the bluebells, and one glance at his expression caused the blood to tingle in her veins.
Jody Gehrman, Babe in Boyland|What I write is different from what I say, what I say is different from what I think, what I think is different from what I ought to think and so it goes further into the deepest darkness.
Rumi|There are two ways of attaining an important end, force and perseverance; the silent power of the latter grows irresistible with time.
Rachel Carson, The Sense of Wonder|For most of us, knowledge of our world comes largely through sight, yet we look about with such unseeing eyes that we are partially blind. One way to open your eyes to unnoticed beauty is to ask yourself, "What if I had never seen this before? What if I knew I would never see it again?
