Brian K. Vaughan, Paper Girls, Vol. 2|The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.
Ludwig von Mises|Politics is an endless, borderless war against individual liberty.
Dale Forehand, Let's Get Real: Bringing Authenticity and Wholeness to Your Marriage|Conviction says, 'My behavior was wrong.' Satan, on the other hand, floods our hearts with shame. Shame says, 'There is something wrong with me.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Every time we look at the clock, we must learn to feel a sense of urgency. We must learn to realize that “now” is happening and will very soon be gone. We must look at the digits on the display and be overcome with an urge to do something before those digits change. Before “now” slips through our fingers. We must look at the ink on the calendar and see an immediate opportunity to do something wonderful, incredible, or beautiful.It’s that simple. We need to change our thinking from “when the number changes” to “before the number changes”.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|Love is a poison,' her father responded. 'One you grow accustomed to, but does not kill you.
Douglas Alexander|I think working hard at anything when you're young and getting positive results, it's always an incredible feeling to see that.
Cornell Woolrich|Silence explains a lot of things.It tells us why people are who they not supposed to be.It's the fear of being afraid.It's because of their own safety.Sometimes it becomes an unexplainable feeling.It shows the insecureties, acceptation, love and vulnerabilityinside everyone of us.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its Churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Sacrificing a part of yourself so others can go on to fafill there greatness, their destiny. Is greatness in itself but in a much smaller way that won't be written about or put in history books. But it is far more great in many ways.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|Neurotic guilt scans the horizons of the past relentlessly seeking out the most deplorable, hideous, and culpable acts which are least consistent with one's self image. This process is similar to the infinite passion of intensified anxiety for seeking the worst conceivable possibilities in order to alert the whole organism to potential danger.
Karl Barth|The original Christians regarded the deposit of faith, as finally inseparable from the very living substance of the Gospel in the saving event of Christ crucified, risen and glorified, but as once and for all entrusted to the church through its apostolic foundation in Christ, informing, structuring and quickening its life and faith and mission as the body of Christ in the world... While the deposit of faith was replete with the truth as it is in Jesus, embodying kerygmatic, didactic and theological content, but its very nature it could not be resolved into a system of truths or set of normative doctrines and formulated beliefs, for the truths and doctrines and beliefs entailed could not be abstracted from the embodied form which they were given in Christ in the apostolic foundation of the church without loss of their real substance. Nevertheless in this embodied form "the faith once for all delivered to the saints" constituted the regulative basis for all explicit formulation of Christian truth, doctrine and belief in the deepening understanding of the church and its regular instruction of catechumens and the faithful. app is
Lesslie Newbigin, Foolishness to the Greeks: The Gospel and Western Culture|Since total skepticism about ultimate beliefs is strictly impossible, in that no belief can be doubted except on the basis of some other belief, indifference is always in danger of giving place to some sort of fanaticism that can be as intolerant as any religion has ever been.
Regina Brett|If you think health care is expensive now, just wait 'til it's free.
Margaret Landon|When you put fear behind the wheel, you're bound to crash, but when you drive in faith the ride will be rough, but preceding into a journey of your lifetime.
William Hurt|Adele shattered the image of how the stereotypical singer is supposed to look. She has that whole 'Screw you, I'm awesome for what I do' attitude, which I really look up to and want to be a part of.
James I. Robertson Jr., Stonewall Jackson: The Man, the Soldier, the Legend|You must not suppose that I would like you to profess religion without possessing it. A hypocrite is in my opinion one of the most detestable of beings. my opinion is, that every one should honestly and carefully investigate the Bible; and if he can believe it to be the word of God, to follow its teachings." - Brevet Major Thomas J. Jackson (1 March 1851)
Lisa Jewell, Ralph's Party|And always, I could see that, despite his weakness for her or because of it, he seemed uncatchable, as if he might slip away at any moment.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Did you really want to die?""No one commits suicide because they want to die.""Then why do they do it?""Because they want to stop the pain.
Criss Jami|Why shouldn't a mystical theology be possible? 'I want to touch God or become God,' I declared in my journal. All through that year I abandoned myself intermittently to these deliriums.
Natalie   Perry, Dad #1, Dad #2: A Queerspawn View from the Closet|Our family had waited so long for this moment and had spent so many years being told we were undeserving of this basic right. But for me there was a sense of validation because after eighteen years, I was finally able to stand with my two dads when they legally wed.
Colin Bord, Sacred Waters|Only hinted at in some of these tales, and clearly stated in others, it is apparent that there was a long and continuing conflict between paganism and Christianity in the early centuries A.D. This may also be the explanation behind other well creation tales, such as the slaying by St Barry of a 'great serpent' in County Roscommon. The saint thrust his crozier at it before it disappeared into Lough Lagan, and where his knee touched the ground, a holy well, Tobar Barry, sprang up. Although the serpent may represent paganism, and the saint's victory is therefore the victory of Christianity over paganism, we cannot entirely ignore the possibility that some of the serpents in similar Irish tales may have been real water monsters, which are still seen from time to time in the lakes of Ireland and Scotland. These eerie, ugly monsters, with their aura of primeval mystery, appropriately symbolize the uncouth savagery which the Christians attributed to all non-Christian beliefs; but that is not to say that the monsters were totally symbolic and did not have a reality of their own.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|As yet, if a man has no feeling for art he is considered narrow-minded, but if he has no feeling for science this is considered quite normal. This is a fundamental weakness.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|A life that lacks physical exercise and activity leads to lethargy and promotes sickness of both body and mind. Exercise is important because it helps the heart, lungs, muscles and brain to be more efficient in their use of oxygen. Take personal responsibility over what you can control – it’s your life.
Elizabeth Scott, Perfect You|Mujer, you own my soul.
Vivek Thangaswamy|All I ever wanted was to make my parents proud. What happens when I can't be proud of them?" --Shea Evenstar
Teresa Medeiros, Once an Angel|I never heerd...nor read of nor see in picters, any angel in tights and gaiters...but...he's a reg'lar thoroughbred angel for all that.
Elie Wiesel, Night|They were shot with a shotgun and put in garbage bags and thrown under a bridge," Shrake said. "If it wasn't murder, it was a really weird accident.
Ajith Isaiah Majok|When old age knocks, even a mighty lion resort to eating frogs.
Jennifer Roberson, Lady Of Sherwood|And we are made different. On the instant. What we know, what we were, is banished by that instant, razed like a castle under siege, and nothing is recognizable is left. The world is unmade.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|The Socialist system requires that each individual act out of selfless, altruistic motives. It sounds nice, but the only way that could happen is if Man were innately centered on others.
Douglas Preston, The Monster of Florence|Never open the door to a lesser evil, for other and greater ones invariably slink in after it.
Julian Assange|If the Philippines secure their independence after heroic and stubborn conflicts, they can rest assured that neither England, nor Germany, nor France, and still less Holland, will dare to take up what Spain has been unable to hold.
Paloma Picasso|I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.
Marilyn Hilton, Full Cicada Moon|Even now, that day reminds me that raindrops are stronger than hammers.
Christie Rich, Dark Matter|One always has to be willing to lose to be able to win... in battle and in life. I wonder. Are you willing to lose, Rayla?
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|It was like a Russian party, Arkady thought. People got drunk, recklessly confessed their love, spilled their festering dislike, had hysterics, marched out, were dragged back in and revived with brandy. It wasn't a French salon.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|My kingdom not for a horse, but for a good piece of advice!
Ronald Reagan|War has rules, mud wrestling has rules - politics has no rules.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you believe, incredible things happen. You set divine forces into motion.
Mark Hoppus|Trust me, I play the game for the fans, my family and myself.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Everybody finished the song at different times. Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest. 'Ah music,' he said, wiping his eyes. 'A magic beyond all we do here!
Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions|She's qualified all right. She understands robots like a sister—comes from hating human beings so much, I think.
Kyle Barger|Running would help with the weight, but the weight did not help with running.
Carl Sagan|Why is the half of humanity with a special sensitivity to the preciousness of life, the half untainted by testosterone poisoning, almost wholly unrepresented in defense establishments and peace negotiations worldwide? [blurb on Daniella Gioseffi's _Women on War_; quoted in Carol Lynn Pearson's _The Ghost of Eternal Polygamy_]
Israelmore Ayivor|Once you can write an alphabet, you can write a book of 100 million pages. It's just a matter of believing it as possible, and taking the cross millimetre by millimetre.
Sam J. Charlton, The Citadel of Lies|Then his fingers trembled on her ankle—tightened around her foot. His head shifted, turning toward her. With a growl, she crashed the poker down onto his head. His hand jerked. A gurgling noise arose, not from his throat but from his chest, from deep down, as if he were fighting for something. Struggling. His eyes shifted toward her. Joan raised the poker again. The gurgling stopped—not abruptly but in a final, lingering, prolonged, exhalation of breath. His lungs gradually expelled every last atom of oxygen.
Ronald Reagan|A person who speaks as if he knows everything soon drives away his listeners. The Universe communicates itself to us in many ways, and sometimes, it is through the words of others. If we act the know-it-all, others may refrain from talking to us, and we may fail to get the message they could have given us.
Debasish Mridha|When we live according to our fears and our hates, our lives become small and defensive, lacking the deep, joyous generosity of God. If you find some part of your life where your daily round has grown thin and controlling and resentful, life with God is much, much larger, shattering our little categories of control, permitting us to say that God’s purposes led us well beyond ourselves to live and to forgive, to create life we would not have imagined
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Kieran glanced at her with shimmering eyes. Neither looked quite human: The black eye was too dark, the silver too metallic. And yet the overall effect was haunting, inhumanly beautiful.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He was an astronaut without a suit, but he was still breathing.
N.T. Wright, The Challenge of Jesus: Rediscovering Who Jesus Was and Is|On the seventh day God rested in the darkness of the tomb;Having finished on the sixth day all his work of joy and doom.Now the Word had fallen silent, and the water had run dry,The bread had all been scattered, and the light had left the sky.The flock had lost its shepherd, and the seed was sadly sown,The courtiers had betrayed their king, and nailed him to his throne.O Sabbath rest by Calvary, O calm of tomb below,Where the grave-clothes and the spices cradle him we do not know!Rest you well, beloved Jesus, Caesar’s Lord and Israel’s King,In the brooding of the Spirit, in the darkness of the spring.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Nowadays when we bow our heads before meals, we no longer say grace—we receive it.
Abdal Hakim Murad|Isn’t it interesting, that a black man, who is a Muslim, and has the name ‘Muhammad’, is the most beloved athlete in the world?
Luo Guanzhong, Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Vol. 1|When we decided to move West, I worried about how to defend my family and my stock from Indians, but I never worried about inheriting one!”--from Prairie Grace when Georgia's father Thomas realizes gravely ill Gray Wolf has been left at their doorstep
Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Psychopathia Sexualis: The Case Histories|The sense of love should not like coffee, which only gives pleasure to the enjoy. But it must be like oranges which not only give pleasure but also freshness.
David Blunkett|What I have is P.H. positive chronic myeloid leukemia, which is an aberration in your white blood cells.
James Rollins, Altar of Eden|You wanted to belong. The problem was, no matter how well you kept your secret, the very fact of having one was enough to separate you from everyone else.
Chandra Hahn|It's kind of strange...All these so-called myths and fables. Everyone seems to have the same ones. They cross cultures and continents. Everyone has their own versions of unicorns, witches, even the Fates. Now we know why. Because they're real.
Bob Marley|Money is numbers and numbers never end. If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end.
Robert Seethaler, Ein ganzes Leben|drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it as the axis on which the world revolves
Jorge Cruise|I wondered if hurdlers ever thought, you know, "This would go faster if we just got rid of the hurdles.
Austin Dragon, Thy Kingdom Fall|Social dynamic theory is philosophy, not politics. There can't be only one correct answer, or there would only be one book." Sharon L Reddy, Worldcon, 1995.
Stephen King|Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|In that house, you will find my heart. You must break in, Henri, and get it back for me.'Was she mad? We had been talking figuratively. Her heart was in her body like mine. I tried to explain this to her, but she took my hand and put it against her chest.Feel for yourself.
Charles Baudelaire|Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Don't apologize.""I wasn't-""Not in words, but it was clear from your tone. Apology suggests that you are keeping me from doing what I need to do, which implies I am somehow powerless to do otherwise. It's a choice, Olivia.
Antonio Negri; Michael Hardt, Commonwealth|Starlight encased in flesh. Fire burning in so much water. Poetry living in hard spaces. oh, how the body loves
Keely Barton|But true individuality is more about being in tune with who you truly are, whether you're expressing yourself physically, mentally, or spiritually; individuality arises from living without fear of what other might think or say about you and without being swayed by their opinions, leaving you free to lead life without caring about judgments made by the outside world.
Carmen Dell'Orefice|The element of fire to me is very powerful because of what it symbolizes, how it symbolizes a strength. It symbolizes something that's unstoppable. You can't get through it, you know.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|She tried to ignore that, this close to the man, he had the overpowering chemical scent of a manly shower gel. The sort that normally came in a black bottle, and was called something like SHOCK or EXCITE or BLUNT TRAUMA.
Prinx Maurice|Think slowly like a snail, act fast like a cheetah.
Ben Cohen, Values-Driven Business: How to Change the World, Make Money, and Have Fun|Without question, the balance of power on the planet today lies in the hands of business. Corporations rival governments in wealth, influence, and power. Indeed, business all too often pulls the strings of government. Competing institutions-religion, the press, even the military-play subordinate roles in much of the world today. If a values-driven approach to business can begin to redirect this vast power toward more constructive ends than the simple accumulation of wealth, the human race and Planet Earth will have a fighting chance.
Aubrey de Grey|If you look in general at people who live in anarchy, they have quite high rates of death from either homicide or warfare or both. Anarchy is one of the main reasons for violence, and it may be the most important.
Woody Allen|I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies, for the hardest victory is over self.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|We don’t manage time, we manage activities within time
Francesca Marciano, Rules of the Wild: A Novel of Africa|Some people talk of Africa being a continent cursed not blessed with minerals, but the real curse is the leaders and politicians of Africa
Charlaine Harris, Midnight Crossroad|I signed off with Ricky, and I was putting away my phone when TC slunk past, heading for his spot in the front window."Hey, cat," I said. "We're bringing home a friend for you. A doggie big enough to devour you in a single gulp. Is that okay?"He turned a baleful stare on me, as if he understood. I'm convinced TC isn't just a cat, no more than Lloergan is just a dog. Maybe someday, when I'm moments from perishing at the hands of an intruder, TC will save me in a sudden and awe-inspiring display of supernatural power. Or maybe he'll decide I haven't given him enough tuna that week and leave me to my fate. He's a cat, so I figure my chances are about fifty-fifty.
SWAMI SHARNANAND JI|The greater a man's talents, the greater his power to lead astray.
Audrey Hepburn|I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles
Charles Spurgeon|For me, it's a great joy to be together with priests: in the end, the bishop of Rome is the bishop and brother of all priests. His mandate is to confirm the brothers in the faith.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|Much has been written of the perceived "clash" between Islamic and western civilisations and of the need for reconciliation.... Sergei Bulgakov left a rich repository of economic thought that philosophically bridges a gap between the rationality of western market economies and the transcendent awareness of Islamic social structures. Bulgakov's philosophy of economy embraces ideas of freedom even as it recog- nises the need for "guidance" and the essential nature of economic relationships to the preservation of community. By engaging Bulgakov's economic ideas, westerners can better understand the apprehensions of intellectuals in traditional cultures concerning globalisation and the reticence of many Muslims to embrace it.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|It's a very cheery thing to come into London by any of these lines which run high and allow you to look down upon the houses like this."I thought he was joking, for the view was sordid enough, but he soon explained himself."Look at those big, isolated clumps of buildings rising up above the slates, like brick islands in a lead-coloured sea.""The board-schools.""Light-houses, my boy! Beacons of the future! Capsules with hundreds of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wiser, better England of the future.
Christina Engela, Autumn Burning: Dreadtime Stories for the Wicked Soul|The only way a society of diverse people can survive without tearing itself apart over differences in nature is by accepting that ALL people are different, and that no single one of us is more or less deserving of decent treatment, compassion, legal and ethical equality, justice, life, or love, than any other.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|If you want to really hurt you parents, and you don't have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I'm not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possible can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|Calm down. If I wanted to hurt you, I wouldn't need this knife to do it.
Pope Benedict XVI, Jesus of Nazareth, Part Two: Holy Week: From the Entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection|If you withhold a blessing, it will be given through others.
Kelly Rowland|Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
Collette West, Night Games|You are mine, November. Until the day you leave this earth, you are mine.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens|The door', replied Maimie, 'will always, always be open, and mother will always be waiting at it for me.
Jaeda DeWalt|In solitude, you will find yourself; in crowds, you will find others! You need both of them: Solitude and crowds; yourself and others! Without others, what to do with yourself? Without yourself, what to do with others?
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|There was a super-8 steel town somewhere, where all the forgotten things in the cruel world ended up eventually, Mandy was sure of it… this place, she decided, was called Smog City.
Jane Espenson|If we can't write diversity into sci-fi, then what's the point? You don't create new worlds to give them all the same limits of the old ones.
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here|As you get older you strip away the things you don't have time for, and then you are left with only the things you have time for. Your life gets skinnier and skinnier until you wonder why you go on. You go on because there are things that must get done. You become no longer a person so much as a place, an unfunny place where things come to get done.
Elise Kova, Earth's End|I told you this would never be easy, I warned you. I begged you to spare my heart if you weren’t ready for this fight.
Saru Singhal|In a relationship, no amount of extra effort on your part can make up for a lack of effort on theirs.
Will Rogers|Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
Shannon A. Thompson, July Lightning|Over the obsidian hills and the sunken yellow dale, through the vast oceans of fog and the fires of nevermore, sits the fickle doors of the land of twilight. I will traverse it all, and execute righteous judgment on all that oppose me.
Jane Fallon, Getting Rid Of Matthew|There was something about other people's grief that was so exposing, so personal, that she felt she shouldn't be looking.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|In studying the psychological significance of a religious or political doctrine, we must first bear in mind that the psychological analysis does not imply a judgement concerning the truth of the doctrine one analyzes. This latter question can be decided only in terms of the logical structure of the problem itself.
Charles Bukowski, What Matters Most is How Well You Walk Through the Fire|all theorieslike clichesshot to hell,all these small faceslooking upbeautiful and believing;I wish to weepbut sorrow isstupid.I wish to believe but believe is agraveyard. we have narrowed it down tothe butcherknife and themockingbird wish usluck.
Carrie Fisher, Postcards from the Edge|Actually, I am a failed anorexic. I have anorexic thinking, but I can't seem to muster the behavoir
Minari Endou, Dazzle, Volume 02|When I die, I plan to be laughing hysterically.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 1|Persons curious in chronology may, if they like, work out from what they already know of the Wimsey family that the action of the book takes place in 1935; but if they do, they must not be querulously indignant because the King's Jubilee is not mentioned, or because I have arranged the weather and the moon's changes to suit my own fancy. For, however realistic the background, the novelist's only native country is Cloud-Cuckooland, where they do but jest, poison in jest: no offence in the world.
Lauren Oliver|The alchemist was dazed and dumbfounded, as the true meaning of the magic was revealed: *The dead will rise from glade to glen and ancient will be young again*. The dead had, after all, risen. From dead and dry things there was growth, and new life everywhere. And the endlessly long winter had at last turned to spring. From life to death and back again to life. It was indeed the greatest magic in the world.
Mordecai Richler, Solomon Gursky Was Here|The Temple-like structure at which our heroes seek answers has an interior environment more like a familiar tavern at which C. S. Lewis would be comfortable or, for that matter, at which Christ would be criticized for associating with sinners.
Donna Lynn Hope|But Nature granted to gold and silver no function with which we cannot easily dispense. Human folly has made them precious because they are rare. In contrast, Nature, like a most indulgent mother, has placed her best gifts out in the open, like air, water and the earth itself; vain and unprofitable things she has hidden away in remote places.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|There is nothing like feeling truly "awake" and aware of my life and what it means to me. So I look ahead and think, "There is still so much to be done, and I will continue to make the most of it.
Sunday Adelaja|Happiness is a spiritual dimension; therefore its source should also be spiritual, not material.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Language is changing constantly; printing and modern education have slowed it but have not stopped it. Given all this change, when, exactly, was language PERFECT, in the language pundit's mind? One has the feeling that the decline-mongers would feel rather sheepish has reading any answer. The 1950s? The Edwardian era? The real answer, however rarely expressed, seems to be "when Island it as a young person.
Kate Mosse, The Winter Ghosts|For when all else is done, on­ly words re­main. Words en­dure.
Jewel|One minute. You know nothing about him. He probably has his own joys and interests- wife, children, snug little home. That's where we practical fellows'- he smiled-'are more tolerant than you intellectuals. We live and let live, and assume that things are jogging on fairly well elsewhere, and that the ordinary plain man may be trusted to look after his own affairs.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Believe me, for certain men at least, not taking what one doesn't desire is the hardest thing in the world.
John Denver|Thank you for this precious day,These gifts you give to me,My heart so full of love for you,Sings praise for all I see,Oh, sing, for every mother's love,For every childhood tear,Oh, sing, for all the stars above,The peace beyond all fear
Susan Mallery, Summer Nights|You're going to keep making these mistakes as long as you keep carrying your brain in the same scabbard with your sword, Lelldorin.
Winston Churchill|Sailing is the closest I can get to nature - it's adrenaline, fear, a constant challenge and learning experience, an adventure into the unknown. And of course there is nothing better than wearing the same T-shirt for days and not brushing my hair for weeks.
Leila Aboulela, Minaret|Control yourself, it is not worth it. You will regret your rudeness afterwards, your sensitive nature will be troubled
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Tides of Destiny|Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves, Confucius said. Revenge unstitches civilisation.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|Wandering across the vast room, I stopped at a set of shelves as high as the ceiling, and holding about six hundred volumes - all classics on the history of Soalris, starting with the nine volumes of Giese's monumental and already relatively obsolescent monograph. Display for its own sake was improbable in these surroundings. The collection was a respective tribute to the memory of the pioneers. I took down the massive volumes of Giese and sat leafing through them. Rheya had also located som reading matter. Looking over her shoulder, I saw that she had picked one of the many books brought out by the first expedition, the Interplanetary Cookery Book, which could have been the personal property of Giese himself. She was pouring over the recipes adapted to the arduous conditions of interstellar flight. I said nothing, and returned to the book resting on my knees. Solaris - Ten Years of Exploration had appeared as volumes 4-12 of the Solariana collection whose most recent additions were numbered in the thousands.
Maria V. Snyder, Touch of Power|Flea stared at us, "I can't decide what's worse. Losing family members or not having a family member to lose.
Anna M. Pratt|If it comes easy, it will go fast.
Kevin Ansbro|Writing should beguile us, not just take us from A to B to Zzzzz
Jean Giono, An Italian Journey|I want to be able to be alone, to find it nourishing - not just a waiting.
T.M. Frazier, The Dark Light of Day|In a typical college romance novel, he'd be a gorgeous but troubled sex god who'd cure all my deep-seated psych issues with a good hard fuck. I'd smell his misogyny and abusive tendencies from miles off but my brain would turn to hormone soup because abs. That's the formula. Broken girl + bad boy = sexual healing. All you need to fix that tragic past is a six-pack. More problems? Add abs.It's Magic Dick Lit.
Travess|I understand the logic behind removing toxic people from one’s life. But I also understand that many who are “toxic” are acting out of a painful past… and that to marginalize someone who’s not known much love is to validate that they don’t matter. To live in the world we desire – a world of good people, safe places – requires less fence-building and more heart-building. It requires valuing the worth of all people and loving the hurt as much as possible.
E.F. Benson, Miss Mapp|Now Miss Mapp's social dictatorship among the ladies of Tilling had long been paramount, but every now and then signs of rebellious upheavals showed themselves. By virtue of her commanding personality these had never assumed really serious proportions, for Diva, who was generally the leader in these uprisings, had not the same moral massiveness. But now when Elizabeth was so exceedingly superior, the fumes of Bolshevism mounted swiftly to Diva's head. Moreover, the sight of this puzzling male impersonator, old, wrinkled, and moustached, had kindled to a greater heat her desire to know her and learn what it felt like to be Romeo on the music-hall stage and, after years of that delirious existence, to subside into a bath-chair and Suntrap and Tilling. What a wonderful life! . . . And behind all this there was a vague notion that Elizabeth had got her information in some clandestine manner and had muddled it. For all her clear-headedness and force Elizabeth did sometimes make a muddle and it would be sweeter than honey and the honeycomb to catch her out. So in a state of brooding resentment Diva went home to lunch and concentrated on how to get even with Elizabeth.
Evelyn Waugh, Waugh in Abyssinia|I am sorry to disturb you,' said James politely, 'but these people wished to shoot us.
Aristotle|We need very strong ears to hear ourselves judged frankly, and because there are few who can endure frank criticism without being stung by it, those who venture to criticize us perform a remarkable act of friendship, for to undertake to wound or offend a man for his own good is to have a healthy love for him.
Saim .A. Cheeda|Perfection exists no where, because we all live in fragments - mental, psychological, physical, spiritual. Being total is an art which takes many lives to master!
David Rakoff|Is there some lesson on how to be friends?I think what it means is that central to livinga life that is good is a life that's forgiving.We're creatures of contact regardless of whetherwe kiss or we wound. Still, we must come together.Though it may spell destruction, we still ask for more--since it beats staying dry but so lonely on shore.So we make ourselves open while knowing full wellit's essentially saying "please, come pierce my shell.
Laura Z. Hobson, Gentleman's Agreement|I know its totally senseless to attempt to write something 'great' in a time where people seem mostly concerned with bashing each other heads in, there's only 1 bestseller a year that a 12 year old would find tedious, and the entire Human Race will probably be nonexistant a 100 years later, but - you know - i have no idea what else to do. I like creating. What else can i do?
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Farrier's Daughter|Tis a proud battle's scar you possess, Killian O'Brien," she murmured. He sat up higher at her praise. "But you've lived through the battle and now you must live on past the battle, for that is what warriors do.
Tommy Tenney, The God Catchers: Experiencing the Manifest Presence of God|If she had loved him, he would have opened windows, allowed all of that precious light of hers in she wanted! If she could tolerate him, he would have donated to every stinking animal shelter in her name, quit his drinking habits completely, and played music for her anytime she wanted! He would have gone out, faced the cruel public, and embraced their scorn just to be close to her, continued to hide in the shadows of her life until she needed him…If she had loved him, he would have done anything.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|It can get a little complicated when you have the expectation that you’re supposed to live Happily Ever After with this person when they were designed to stay with you for just a little while. Our Master designs it this way so you make the most of the relationship when you have it. She thought all soul mates were meant to be forever, when some soul mates are just meant to be.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|You may wonder how I managed to make these friends. Well, I will tell you. Making friends is actually not that hard when you drop every single one of your standards.
Oswald Chambers|To say that 'prayer changes things' is not as close to the truth as saying, 'prayer changes me and then I change things.' God has established things so that prayer, on the basis of redemption, changes the way a person looks at things.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Adolescence impelled her eyes to stay at an even keel, to deal with the ground before flickering to the heavens. Night became not dotted with fairy clouds of celestial brilliance, but simply the time when the sun was out of sight.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|They (parents) use this guilt-tripping to stop you from fulfilling your plans, but most important, from believing something they don’t (something which contradicts their beliefs)
Wes  Moore, The Other Wes Moore: One Name, Two Fates|...I found myself surrounded by people--starting with my mom, grandparents, uncles, and aunts, and leading to a string of wonderful role models and mentors--who kept pushing me to see more than what was directly in front of me, to see the boundless possibilities of the wider world and the unexplored possibilities within myself. People who taught me that no accident of birth--not being black or relatively poor, being from Baltimore or the Bronx or fatherless--would ever define or limit me.
Patry Francis, The Orphans of Race Point|Nobody special had come around to replace Duane, and she was moping, going to bed alone every night with a box of Velveeta and a fork.
Joyce Rachelle|It is unjust, but only Christlike, to suffer persecution for doing what is right.
Niccolo Machiavelli|We who lived in concentration camps can remember the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread.
David Whyte|By definition, poetry works with qualities and dynamics that mainstream society is reluctant to face head-on. It's an interesting phenomenon that by necessity, poetry is just below the radar.
Mara Dabrishus, Stay the Distance|Nothing is permanent, I tell myself over and over. Especially not a horse.
Anthony Bourdain|When children are exposed to advertisements for unhealthy food, they will, in turn, consume significantly unhealthier rather than healthy calories as a result.
Kyrie Irving|To be an objective leader means aligning your models with the needs of the organization. There is no question anymore that collaboration, seeking out diverse perspectives and developing new ways to look at challenges and opportunities, is a key leadership competency.
Bayard Louis|Shakespeare is getting flyblown; a paternal government might well forbid writing about him, as they put his monument at Stratford beyond the reach of scribbling fingers. With all this buzz of criticism about, one may hazard one's conjectures privately, make one's notes in the margin; but, knowing that someone has said it before, or said it better, the zest is gone. Illness, it its kingly sublimity, sweeps all that aside and leaves nothing but Shakespeare and oneself.
Don DeLillo, Great Jones Street|Be willing to die for your beliefs, or computer printouts of your beliefs.
Paul Watson|As long as there are people in education making excuses for failure, cursing future generations with a culture of low expectations, denying children access to the best that has been thought and written, because Nemo and the Mister Men are more relevant, the battle needs to be joined.
Sachin Tendulkar|Radical changes in world politics leave America with a heightened responsibility to be, for the world, an example of a genuinely free, democratic, just and humane society.
David W. Earle|Consider letting go of the barriers between yourself and others, let go of the definition our culture has inflicted upon us and allow the best part of ourselves to connect with the wondrous parts of others. Allow yourself to connect in a deeper and more profound way.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|I’d never have predicted I would lose touch with him – before, that is, I did. I thought I had my reasons. But it turns out that they weren’t good reasons. It turns out that you should never lose contact with the people who are supposed to be important in your life. There is no excuse in doing that.
F. Sionil Jose|Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.
Balroop Singh|When you meet joyEven in that momentary experience, This ephemeral emotion unravelsAll those colors of contentmentWhich sparkle from within
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Book of Mormon Stories|And now, I, Moroni would speaksomewhatconcerning these things; I would show unto the world that faith is things which are hoped for and not seen; wherefore, dispute not because ye seenot, for ye recieve no witness until after the trial of your faith.For it was by Faith that Christ showed himself unto our fathers after he had risen from the dead; and he showed not himself unto them until after they had fiath in him; wherefore, it must needs be that some had faith in hime, for he showed himself not unto the world.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|We often behave as though Jesus is only interested in saving and loving a romanticized version of ourselves, or an idealized version of our mess of a world, and so we offer to him a version of our best selves. With our Sunday school shoes on, we sing songs about kings and drummers at his birth, perhaps so we can escape the Herod in ourselves and in the world around us. But we've lost the plot if we use religion as the place where we escape from difficult realities instead of as the place where those difficult realities are given meaning.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|If you are ever in doubt about which way you should travel, make a choice that contains the essence of goodness and love and then go in that direction. This way, you can have absolute faith that you made the right decision.
Charlotte Brontë|An ordinary intellect will, by industry and perseverance, often accomplish more than a much superior one, deficient in energy and the power of endurance.
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|You see, doubt is a magnificently difficult pest of which to try and rid oneself and is worse than any other kind of infestation. It can creep in quietly and through the tiniest of cracks and once inside, it is almost impossible to ever completely remove.
Salley Vickers|There are few things more mysterious than endings. I mean, for example, when did the Greek gods end, exactly? Was there a day when Zeus waved magisterially down from Olympus and Aphrodite and her lover Ares, and her crippled husband Hephaestus ) I always felt sorry for him), and all the rest got rolled up like a worn-out carpet?
Muhammad Yunus|Every time a new technology comes along, we feel we're about to break through to a place where we will not be able to recover. The advent of broadcast radio confused people. It delighted people, of course, but it also changed the world.
Daniel Pennac|We keep quiet about what we read. Our enjoyment of a book remains a jealously guarded secret. Perhaps because there`s no need to talk, or because it takes time to distill what we've read before we can say anything. Silence is our guarantee of intimacy. We might have finished reading but we`re still livingthe book.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I never had one hour's happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|We were made to be distracted by life, by story.
Francis Scott Key|O! thus be it ever, when freemen shall standBetween their loved home and the war's desolation!Blest with victory and peace, may the heav'n rescued landPraise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation.Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,And this be our motto: 'In God is our trust.'And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall waveO'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!
Harri Holkeri|The oblique paradox of propaganda is that the lie in the throat becomes, by repetition, the truth in the heart.
Stephen Neill, Christian Faith And Other Faiths; The Christian Dialogue With Other Religions|This Christian claim [of universal validity] is naturally offensive to the adherents of every other religious system. It is almost as offensive to modern man, brought up in the atmosphere of relativism, in which tolerance is regarded almost as the highest of the virtues. But we must not suppose that this claim to universal validity is something that can quietly be removed from the Gospel without changing it into something entirely different from what it is... Jesus' life, his method, and his message do not make sense, unless they are interpreted in the light of his own conviction that he was in fact the final and decisive word of God to men... For the human sickness there is one specific remedy, and this is it. There is no other.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|All things that have form eventually decay." -Orochimaru
Robert A. Heinlein, Have Space Suit—Will Travel|But kids don't stay with you if you do it right. It's the one job where, the better you are, the more surely you won't be needed in the long run.
Napoleon Hill|When your desires are strong enough, you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|I have tried to read philosophers of all ages and have found many illuminating ideas but no steady progress toward deeper knowledge and understanding. Science, however, gives me the feeling of steady progress: I am convinced that theoretical physics is actual philosophy. It has revolutionized fundamental concepts, e.g., about space and time (relativity), about causality (quantum theory), and about substance and matter (atomistics), and it has taught us new methods of thinking (complementarity) which are applicable far beyond physics.
Dorothy Canfield Fisher|What's the matter?" asked the teacher, seeing her bewildered face."Why—why," said Elizabeth Ann, "I don't know what I am at all. If I'm second-grade arithmetic and seventh-grade reading and third-grade spelling, what grade am I?"The teacher laughed at the turn of her phrase. "you aren't any grade at all, no matter where you are in school. You're just yourself, aren't you? What difference does it make what grade you're in! And what's the use of your reading little baby things too easy for you just because you don't know your multiplication table?
Kjiva, Murder: the gangster rhymes|Winner goes with the flow, History Maker against the flow
Tim Pawlenty|I have strongly rejected the proposal to pardon and transfer her to the United States. I do not have the legal power to pardon terrorists and even if I did, I would not use it.
Mark Twain|Never let me hear you say it's someone else's fault. It often is, but you must never shirk your own responsibility ... You can't change others, but you can do something about a fault in yourself.
Slavoj Žižek|Ty rested his hand on Zane’s chest again and closed his eyes. Zane turned his head with infinite care and kissed Ty’s forehead.Wesson gave him a warning growl.“Mine,” Zane told the cat.
Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, Isis Unveiled|The parallels to modern physics [with mysticism] appear not only in the Vedas of Hinduism, in the I Ching, or in the Buddhist sutras, but also in the fragments of Heraclitus, in the Sufism of Ibn Arabi, or in the teachings of the Yaqui sorcerer Don Juan.
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|He told himself he would pretend nothing was wrong, but he couldn’t fool himself. He could forgive himself for having done something wrong, even something so immoral, so reckless. Harder to live with would be what would come next: living with the knowledge of what he’d done, but not letting on.
Dorothy Day, The Reckless Way of Love: Notes on Following Jesus|My soul hath thirsted after the strong living God; when shall I come and appear before the face of God?' (Psalm 42:2) But the Psalmist also says, 'In death there is no one that is mindful of thee.' So it made me happy that I could be with my mother the last few weeks of her life, and for the last ten days at her bedside daily and hourly. Sometimes I thought to myself that it was like being present at a birth to sit by a dying person and see their intentness on what is happening to them. It almost seems that one is absorbed in a struggle, a fearful, grim, physical struggle, to breathe, to swallow, to live. And so, I kept thinking to myself, how necessary it is for one of their loved ones to be beside them, to pray for them, to offer up prayers for them unceasingly, as well as to do all those little offices one can. When my daughter was a little tiny girl, she said to me once, 'When I get to be a great big woman and you are a little tiny girl, I'll take care of you,' and I thought of that when I had to feed my mother by the spoonful and urge her to eat her custard. How good God was to me, to let me be there. I had prayed so constantly that I would be beside her when she died; for years I had offered up that prayer. And God granted it quite literally. I was there, holding her hand, and she just turned her head and sighed.
Fred Gipson, Old Yeller|Americans are children who must go somewhere else to grow up, and sometimes die.
Tammara Webber, Easy|the answer is to just let gothe betrayal is to the pastthe cocoon dangles emptythe desire outlasts the objectthe effort lingersthe frustration is in how pointless the effort wasthe ghost does not make itself transparentthe heart knows nothing except its own mindthe ideas are not enoughthe jealousy is always therethe killing blow is sometimes the softestthe life you lead can be detouredthe moment you know cannot be taken backthe new you will try to bury the old methe opportunity has passedthe past is inopportunethe questions all grow from whythe reality will always be contendedthe sadness will ebbthe trouble is the time it might takethe ugly words cannot be erased, only discreditedthe versions are never the samethe wonder is that we make it throughthe x is the unknown variablethe yesterday cannot be repeatedthe zenith is the point when you look down and realize you’re no longer below
Sunday Adelaja|No matter where you are involved with, your increase must have a purpose.multiplication of his children, He goes ahead to expatiate on his blessings to us
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|I raised my three teens with love, perseverance, tenacity, sweat, tears, prayers, lighting candles, and the list could go on.
J.R. Ward|If sex were food, Rhage would have been morbidly obese.(Dark Lover)
Paul Ricœur, The Conflict of Interpretations|One last point. Remember that, as I said, the right direction leads not only to peace but to knowledge. When a man is getting better he understands more and more clearly the evil that is still left in him. When a man is getting worse, he understands his own badness less and less. A moderately bad man knows he is not very good: a thoroughly bad man thinks he is all right. This is common sense, really. You understand sleep when you are awake, not when you are sleeping. You can see mistakes in arithmetic when your mind is working properly: while you are making them you cannot see them. You can understand the nature of drunkenness when you are sober, not when you are drunk. Good people know about both good and evil: bad people do not know about either.
Tara Janzen, Crazy Sweet|He needed to gather her up, hold on to her, anything to help her stop trembling. Something was going to shake loose if she didn’t.
Philip Yancey, I Was Just Wondering|Fulfillment comes not in pursuit of happiness, but rather in pursuit of service.
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|He groaned, "Goddamn, you're so hot.""I know," she whimpered as she moved restlessly under his weight. "I'm burning up."At that, he had to lift his head and grin down at her. "No, baby," he said gently, rocking his hips to begin moving in her. "That wasn't what I meant. I meant, you're so hot."Her eyebrows quirked, and dimples appeared in her cheeks as she suppressed a grin. "Yeah, I knew that.
Andrew Bernstein|The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
Katie Reus, Chasing Danger|When Dax turned to her, those blue eyes that reminded her of the Aegean Sea pinning her, all thought process left her mind.
Fareed Zakaria, In Defense of a Liberal Education|If an eagle be imprisonedon the back of a coin,and the coin tossedinto the sky,the coin will spin,the coin will flutter,but the eagle will never fly.
Os Guinness|Whatever the immediate gains and losses, the dangers to our safety arising from political suppression are always greater than the dangers to the safety resulting from political freedom. Suppression is always foolish. Freedom is always wise.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Be clear, conscious and circumspect about your dreams. Claim your blessings with your mouth.
|I am alive; which means that my dream is alive too. As long as I am alive and in my right senses, victory is the only thing that I will dare to settle for.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 4|When you say 'Yes' to others, make sure you are not saying 'No' to yourself.
Allan Zullo, Teens at War|Thank you, sir. But, uh, can you tell me where the First New York Regiment is?
Lee Sandlin, Losing the War|War ends at the moment when peace permanently wins out. Not when the articles of surrender are signed or the last shot is fired, but when the last shout of a sidewalk battle fades, when the next generation starts to wonder whether the whole thing ever really happened. World War II ended as war always ends -- by trailing off into nothingness and doubt. Its final monument has never been seen by mortal eyes. It's a phantom image at the edge of a rumor: an unmarked grave in the depths of the South American jungle where a weird and decrepit old man, half forgotten by the world, at last entered the lists of oblivion.
Stuart Connelly, Confessions of a Velour-Shirted Man|Curse you, cheap beer. Must find miso in tiny packet.
Jay Bell, Something Like Summer|When God looks at you, he doesn’t see you; he sees the One who surrounds you. That means that failure is not a concern for you. Your victory is secure.
Arthur Daigle, William Bradshaw and Fool's Gold|It's said on my world that the only thing evil needs to succeed is for good men to do nothing." - Will Bradshaw
Herman Hesse|When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art.
Ami Bera|For just a few dollars a dose, vaccines save lives and help reduce poverty. Unlike medical treatment, they provide a lifetime of protection from deadly and debilitating disease. They are safe and effective. They cut healthcare and treatment costs, reduce the number of hospital visits, and ensure healthier children, families and communities.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The shrewd may gain temporarily, but the wise gain permanently.
Dave Lombardo|When Brian told me he grew up in New Mexico, I told him I thought it is cool that people from other countries play football. He corrected me on my geography and agreed to sit down with me anyway.
Peter Koevari, Prophecies Awakening|Where do you go with your broken heart in tow? What do you do with the left over you? And how do you know, when to let go? Where does the good go, where does the good go?
S.M. Stevens|When a show ends, for a few days, my body sizzles with leftover energy, like a tree in the wake of a lightning strike.
Meg Cabot, Runaway|Bite me, Harry Potter.
Jon Oringer|Technology has the benefit of being easily scalable. A few weeks or months of coding can result in solutions that reap huge benefits. The global success of Facebook, Twitter, and Google are all triumphs of technology.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|This city is like no other city in the world. It is brilliant but it is bloated, and I've never called it home
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Whoa, I'm your girlfriend now?" Archer shrugged. "We've tried to kill each other, fought ghouls, and kissed a lot. I'm pretty sure we're married in some cultures.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|Prejudice begets prejudice, you see. Knowledge does not always evolve into wisdom.
Andrea Bocelli|Anyone who teaches knows that you don't really experience a text until you've taught it, in loving detail, with an intelligent and responsive class.
Fred Allen|Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
Emma Chase, Tangled|You love me?” My brain was mush and I wasn’t sure if it was from his words or the pain pill. Yes, I love you.” His eyes bored into mine.“I love you.” I traced his cheek with my fingers. “Can you tell me again when I’m not on pain medicine?” “I’ll tell you every day.” “Maybe twice a day?” I felt my eyelids growing heavy.“A hundred times a day.
Chuck Wendig, Star Wars - Aftermath - Empire's End|I know!" he growls back, his voice guttural. I wonder if all of his fire kind have eyes like his. Eyes that burn and smolder.
George Orwell, 1984|It was intended that when Newspeak had been adopted once and for all and Oldspeak forgotten, a heretical thought - that is, a thought diverging from the principles of Ingsoc - should be literally unthinkable, at least so far as thought is dependent on words.
Robert Moor, On Trails: An Exploration|Early on, Mike Markkula had taught Jobs to "impute" - to understand that people do judge a book by its cover - and therefore to make sure all the trappings and packaging of Apple signaled that there was a beautiful gem inside. Whether it's an iPod Mini, or a MacBook Pro, Apple customers know the feeling of opening up the well-crafted box and finding the product nestled in an inviting fashion. "Steve and I spend a lot of time on the packaging," said Ive. "I love the process of unpacking something. You design a ritual of unpacking to make the product feel special. Packaging can be theater, it can create a story.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Father Wolf looked on amazed. He had almost forgotten the days when he won Mother Wolf in fair fight from five other wolves, when she ran in the Pack and was not called The Demon for compliment’s sake. Shere Khan might have faced Father Wolf, but he could not stand up against Mother Wolf, for he knew that where he was she had all the advantage of the ground, and would fight to the death. So he backed out of the cave mouth growling...
Oscar Bimpong|Time meant opportunity. After all, what more do we have than time? We measure it arbitrarily, but as we spend it, until it’s used up, it is called living.
Tom Althouse|Defeat is only defeat if we accept it as defeat. Victory often comes after defeat, because one was too stubborn to allow it to be their reality. In the trail of any great conflict you will see the scuff marks, where the one was beaten down, but they could not be taught to stay that way.
Ginni Rometty|That means that every human being - without distinction of sex, age, race, skin color, language, religion, political view, or national or social origin - possesses an inalienable and untouchable dignity.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|Do not believe that you alone can be right.The man who thinks that,The man who maintains that only he has the powerTo reason correctly, the gift to speak, the soul—A man like that, when you know him, turns out empty.
Alice Little, Healing the Traumatised Adult|I'm still not sure if I was a victim or not... and if I was, who was my abuser?
Hermann von Helmholtz, Science and Culture: Popular and Philosophical Essays|[Hegel’s] system of nature seemed, at least to natural philosophers, absolutely crazy….Hegel…launched out with particular vehemence and acrimony against the natural philosophers, and especially against Isaac Newton. The philosophers accused the scientific men of narrowness; the scientific men retorted that the philosophers were insane.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|It don't make no difference whether you do right or wrong, a person's conscience ain't got no sense, and just goes for him anyway.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Words are wind, and the wind from Manderly's mouth means no more than the wind escaping his bottom.
Alan W. Watts, What Is Zen?|If you want to take care of tomorrow, take better care of today. We always live now. All we have to do is entrust ourselves to the life we now live.
Nick Hornby, Housekeeping vs. the Dirt|And what would happen if we never read the classics? There comes a point in life, it seems to me, where you have to decide whether you're a Person of Letters or merely someone who loves books, and I'm beginning to see that the book lovers have more fun. 
Lou Silluzio, Max, the boy who didn't believe in Santa Claus|I've never heard a eulogy about a person where they talk about the value of wealth and how much money the've left behind. They only talk about the character ,love, integrity, humour strength etc.So why is it so important to some that they lose sight of everything else in life ?
The Monster Pyro|And The Monster Said "Pity The Broken Child As In You Pity The Insane
Pythagoras|Extremism thrives amid ignorance and anger, intimidation and cowardice.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Do we not see the influence we have when we say we believe in one thing, but our children see us living something else? Do we not realize how little we encourage our children to actually decide what they believe, declare what they believe, and then live by it? Whether it’s religion, politics, sports, or societal norms. It is not our place to tell our kids what to think. It is our place to teach our kids to think correctly. If we do this, we need have no fear of what they will decide for themselves and how strongly they’ll stand behind it. A man will follow his own convictions to his death, but he’ll only follow another man’s convictions until he steps in manure.
Elizabeth Bishop|The armored cars of dreams, contrived to let us do so many a dangerous thing.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|A popular perception that political news is boring is no minor issue; for when news fails to harness the curiosity and attention of a mass audience through its presentational techniques, a society becomes dangerously unable to grapple with its own dilemmas and therefore to marshal the popular will to change and improve itself.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|Aberrations of the human mind are to a large extent due to the obsessional pursuit of some part-truth, treated as if it were a whole truth.
Alan Cohen|It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|She closed the book and put her cheek against it. There was still an odor of a library on it, of dust, leather, binding glue, and old paper, one book carrying the smell of hundreds.
Rajendra Ojha|She knew that Evin thought she had chosen because of him. Because somewhere, deep down, she loved him. And maybe someday - if she did end up loving him - she would tell him the truth.That it hand't been about love.It had, in the end, been about death. About who needed it, and who was ashamed of it, and who celebrated it. About who might, someday, move past it.
Robert Clairmont|When did the world begin and how?"I asked a lamb, a goat, a cow:"What's it all about and why?"I asked a hog as he went by:"Where will the whole thing end, and when?"I asked a duck, a goose, a hen:And I copied all the answers too,A quack, a honk, an oink, a moo.
Thomas French, Zoo Story: Life in the Garden of Captives|Despite all their flaws, zoos wake us up. They invite us to step outside our most basic assumptions. Offered for our contemplation, the animals remind us of nature’s impossibly varied schemes for survival, all the strategies that species rely upon for courtship and mating and protecting the young and establishing dominance and hunting for something to eat and avoiding being eaten. On a good day, zoos shake people into recognizing the manifold possibilities of existence, what it’s like to walk across the Earth, or swim in its oceans of fly above its forests—even though most animals on display will never have the chance to do any of those things again, at least not in the wild.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Maybe that was why it was almost always the underclasses, the women, the people of color, the gay people, the ones who were already stigmatized as being vulnerable, availble, trapped by the body, who took the risk of the wire.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I felt like a champion because I was figuring shit out. I was a doer and a getter-doner, and it was okay to be identified by the neighbors as the little lady who had a dump truck of manure delivered, a load that made the entire neighborhood smell like a dairy barn for weeks.
Magda Alexander, Storm Redemption|I miss breathing in your scent, the feel of your body next to mine. I miss you, Elizabeth, so much I hurt with it sometimes. So forgive me if I can’t be happy about this venture of yours at Payne Industries.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|It is quite normal to fear what one most desires. We desire to transcend the Story of the World that has come to enslave us, that indeed is killing the planet. We fear what the end of that story will bring: the demise of much that is familiar.Fear it or not, it is happening already.
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|My son, I don’t believe in God, prayer, afterlife or miracles. You may disagree with me on all of these. I’d prefer that you agree and reserve rebellion and independence over important issues instead.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|Oh, for Christ's sake,' I hear. 'Can we please just try to have a good time?' This is like ordering someone to find you attractive, and it doesn't work. I've tried it.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Smiles and tears are so alike with me, they are neither of them confined to any particular feelings: I often cry when I am happy, and smile when I am sad.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Society has three stages: Savagery, Ascendance, Decadence. The great rise because of Savagery. They rule in Ascendance. They fall because of their own Decadence."He tells how the Persians were felled, how the Romans collapsed because their rulers forgot how their parents gained them an empire. He prattles about Muslim dynasties and European effeminacy and Chinese regionalism and American self-loathing and self-neutering. All the ancient names."Our Savagery began when our capital, Luna, rebelled against the tyranny of Earth and freed herself from the shackles of Demokracy, from the Noble Lie - the idea that men are brothers and are created equal." Augustus weaves lies of his own with that golden tongue of his. He tells of the Goldens' suffering. The Masses sat on the wagon and expected the great to pull, he reminds. They sat whipping the great until we could no longer take it. I remember a different whipping. "Men are not created equal; we all know this. There are averages. There are outliers. There are the ugly. There are the beautiful. This would not be if we were all equal. A Red can no more command a starship than a Green can serve as a doctor!"There's more laughter across the square as he tells us to look at pathetic Athens, the birthplace of the cancer they call Demokracy. Look how it fell to Sparta. The Noble Lie made Athens weak. It made their citizens turn on their best general, Alcibiades, because of jealousy. "Even the nations of Earth grew jealous of one another. The United States of America exacted this idea of equality through force. And when the nations united, the Americans were surprised to find that they were disliked! The Masses are jealous! How wonderful a dream it would be if all men were created equal! But we are not.It is against the Noble Lie that we fight. But as I said before, as I say to you now, there is another evil against which we war. It is a more pernicious evil. It is a subversive, slow evil. It is not a wildfire. It is a cancer. And that cancer is Decadence. Our society has passed from Savagery to Ascendance. But like our spiritual ancestors, the Romans, we too can fall into Decadence.
Noormohammad Bhuayan|When you have a heart, then you will be getting the hurt
Sunday Adelaja|Whenever a nation or a group of people is devoid of light, catastrophe comes, calamity hits, there is danger everywhere.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Digital professionals with growth mind can step out of their own comfort zone more easily, walking the talk and leading change more confidently.
Timothy Salter|Sometimes I could cope with the sullen despair that overwhelmed me: but sometimes the whirlwind passions of my soul drove me to seek, by bodily exercise and by change of place, some relief from my intolerable sensations. It was during an access of this kind that I suddenly left my home, and bending my steps towards the near Alpine valleys, sought in the magnificence, the eternity of such scenes, to forget myself and my ephemeral, because human, sorrows.
C. JoyBell C.|A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.
Aayush Jain|Every successful start-up is built on four pillars. Team, Idea, Passion & Presentations
Susan Sarandon|Susan B. Anthony formed the Equal Rights Association, refuted ideas that women were inferior to men, and fought for a woman's right to vote.
Charles Tilly|War made the state, and the state made war
Andy Gibb|Being under the microscope meant I was never given any slack. I still managed to screw up plenty in life, mind you, but in the things I really cared about - the legal work, or the stories I was telling as a writer, or the office I built in government - I wasn't left a lot of margin for error. It's kept me driven.
Sherwin B. Nuland|In 1960-61, a small group of female pilots went through many of the same medical tests as the Mercury astronauts and scored very well on them - in fact, better than some of the astronauts did.
Ross Macdonald, The Moving Target|From the sky, everything looked fake. The buildings were doll houses. The cars were Matchbox racers. People scuttled about, but they weren’t really people anymore. Their little lives meant absolutely nothing from this altitude.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|Our religious institutions are not giving very many men access to credible encounters with the holy or even with their own wholeness. We largely give men mandates, signposts, scaffolding and appealing images that tend to create religious identity and boundaries, but from the outside.
M.C. Humphreys|My task is to simplify and then go deeper, making a commitment to what remains. That's what I've been after. To care and polish what remains till it glows and comes alive from loving care.
Janelle Jalbert, Triangulating Bliss|With a single leap, you can change your entire life.
Anthony Mann|I'm not very into pastas or heavy foods like meat, but pastries, especially if they come from a really nice French bakery, I go crazy over! I try to allow myself those little treats in the morning for breakfast, then I have a lighter lunch.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...I don't just wish you rain, Beloved - I wish you the beauty of storms...
Seneca|Finally, everybody agrees that no one pursuit can be successfully followed by a man who is preoccupied with many things—eloquence cannot, nor the liberal studies—since the mind, when distracted, takes in nothing very deeply, but rejects everything that is, as it were, crammed into it. There is nothing the busy man is less busied with than living: there is nothing that is harder to learn.
Linda De Coff|Soon we shall discover that the temple of all humanity is nothing less that the Temple of the Living God!" ~ Chapter One, "The Awakening" ~ Discovering the Bliss of your True Divine Reality
David Epstein, The Sports Gene: Inside the Science of Extraordinary Athletic Performance|We made a successful, last-minute effort to get the French Open many years ago, when the USA network bailed on it. I remember, four of us jumped on a plane on the spur of the moment to cover it. I think we had someone draw up a sign (by hand) that we could hold up in front of the camera to tell viewers that it was ESPN coverage.
Nick Cannon|Technically a memoir, 'The Woman Warrior' becomes almost magical through its inclusion of folk tales, dreams, and revisions.
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|Acquire several skills and find at least one that you can master, and that earns you respect.
Ben Lerner, Leaving the Atocha Station|I believe she imbued my body thus, finding every touch enhanced by ambiguity of intention, as if it too required translation, and so each touch branched out, became a variety of touches.
Steve Goodier|I'm convinced that the world, more than ever, needs the music only you can make. And if it takes extra courage to keep playing in spite of your loss, many will applaud the effort. And who knows? Others may be inspired to pick up their broken instruments, their broken lives, and begin again.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|I’m completely library educated. I’ve never been to college. I went down to the library when I was in grade school in Waukegan, and in high school in Los Angeles, and spent long days every summer in the library. I used to steal magazines from a store on Genesee Street, in Waukegan, and read them and then steal them back on the racks again. That way I took the print off with my eyeballs and stayed honest. I didn’t want to be a permanent thief, and I was very careful to wash my hands before I read them. But with the library, it’s like catnip, I suppose: you begin to run in circles because there’s so much to look at and read. And it’s far more fun than going to school, simply because you make up your own list and you don’t have to listen to anyone. When I would see some of the books my kids were forced to bring home and read by some of their teachers, and were graded on—well, what if you don’t like those books?
Jamie Oliver|If you can eat with mates or friends or family, I mean, it's such a brilliant thing isn't it? If you feel really rubbish and you have a nice bit of food it makes you feel good, you know?
John Burroughs|Summer is more wooing and seductive, more versatile and human, appeals to the affections and the sentiments, and fosters inquiry and the art impulse. Winter is of a more heroic cast, and addresses the intellect. The severe studies and disciplines come easier in winter. One imposes larger tasks upon himself, and is less tolerant of his own weaknesses...The simplicity of winter has a deep moral. The return of nature, after such a career of splendor and prodigality, to habits so simple and austere, is not lost either upon the head or the heart. It is the philosopher coming back from the banquet and the wine to a cup of water and a crust of bread.
Tiffany L. Jackson, 12 Keys to Success for Misfits, Weirdos & Introverts: A Practical and Spiritual Guide to Understanding Your Place in the World|The first step to finding your path to success is not to alter your dreams to fit reality, but to alter your reality to fit your dreams.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Beauty is transformed over time, and not without destruction.
J. Jefferson Farson|Make peace with people, make peace with animals, make peace with trees!
Debasish Mridha|Our learned egocentric and judgmental consciousness is the source of unhappiness; however, universal consciousness is always blissful.
Rick Riordan|Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|individuals are concerned notwith the moral issue of realizing these standards, but withthe amoral issue of engineering a convincing impression thatthese standards are being realized. Our activity, then, islargely concerned with moral matters, but as performers wedo not have a moral concern in these moral matters. Asperformers we are merchants of morality. Our day is givenover to intimate contact with the goods we display and ourminds are filled with intimate understandings of them; but itmay well be that the more attention we give to these goods,th e more d is ta n t we feel from them and from those who arebelieving enough to buy them. To use a different imagery,the very obligation and profitablility of appearing always ina steady moral light, of being a socialized character, forcesus to be the sort of person who is practiced in the ways ofthe stage.
Randy E. Barnett, Restoring the Lost Constitution: The Presumption of Liberty|If legislation is truly necessary, one would expect the government to be able to provide proof of this beyond anecdote and speculation. Such proof is the least we can expect before we accept a government restriction of liberty as legitimate.
Rubianne Wood, Gracie's Inheritance with Part 2 Lydia's Legacy|Bakersville was never going to be the same. She'd been to other small towns where the residents all thought serial killers looked like monsters, that no member of their community could hide such dark desires. Once upon a time, she'd lived in one.And the monster there had ripped her life apart.
Kay Bailey Hutchison|Our country also hungers for leadership to ensure the long-term survival of our Social Security system. With 70 million baby boomers in this country on the verge of retirement, we need to take action to shore up the system.
Robert Casey|If you bungle raising your children, I don't think whatever else you do matters very much.
Victoria Beckham|For me to go to America - which I find such a positive place - well, I took to it like a duck to water.
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps|Everything was a song. Every conversation, every personal hurt, every observance of people in stress, happiness and love... if you could feel it, I could feel it. And I could write a song about it.
Northrop Frye, The Educated Imagination|Because if every moment of a life is present in every other, so is every old self you've ever tried to outrun. And then how to know—the present self having always felt flimsy, somehow, compared to the one so acutely alive under the kitchen table—which you, specifically, is the real one?
Cynthia E. Olmedo|If you love beauty, it’s because beauty lives within you. If you love art, it’s because you are creative. If it wakes up your heart, a receptor for it already exists within you. Your soul is drawn to the things that will help you unfold your most glorious expression. Give in.  ― Cynthia Occelli
Jeffrey Panzer, Epoch Awakening|Even in forgetting there is an aspect of recollection, a faded few moments of wispy consciousness clung like webs in high-vaulted chambers, moving ever so lightly with the draft.
John Paul DeJoria|My dream pet? I like a couple of them, man: monkey, I love dogs. See, tigers, I don't know - I can't be playing with something like that. A monkey, I can handle it. A dog, yeah; I would get a monkey.
Steven Redhead, Keys to The Laws of Creation|Each of us has immense potential to achieve what we desire, unless we enliven and enlighten our life with inspiration, bring our dreams or desires into reality we will never shine as bright as our potential.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|I sit in meditation…and soon all sounds, and all one sees and feels, take on imminence, an immanence, as if the Universe were coming to attention, a Universe of which one is the center, a Universe that is not the same yet not different from oneself: within man as within mountains there are many parts of hydrogen and oxygen, of calcium, phosphorus, potassium, and other elements. ‘You never enjoy the world aright, till the Sea itself flows in your veins, till you are clothed with the heavens, and crowned with the stars…’(Thomas Traherne, Centuries of Meditation)The secret of the mountains is that the mountains simply exist, as I do myself: the mountains exist simply, which I do not. The mountains have no ‘meaning,’ they are meaning; the mountains are. The sun is round. I ring with life, and the mountains ring, and when I can hear it, there is a ringing that we share.
Douglas Rushkoff|If we could stop thinking of 'meaning' and 'purpose' as artifacts of some divine creative act and see them instead as the yield of our own creative future, they become goals, intentions and processes very much in reach rather than the shadows of childlike, superstitious mythology.
Alysha Millet|Life is amazing, don't wreck yourself trying to figure it out, cause its just that simple.
Nancy T. Lucas, The Missing Boston Terriers of Smith Street|I’m after a mugger,” said Scout.“A hugger?” said Clyde. He was a little deaf. “I would imagine you receive plenty of hugs. They probably come to you. Why would you have to go after them?”“NO!” said Ike. “MMMMugger, you nitwit.” He made m-m-m-m noises with his lips.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Truces may stop the battles, but part of you will always feel like you're at war.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Yeah, I get it; you're a vampire," she said. "Creepy. And okay, a little hot, I admit." "You don't mean that." "Come on. I still like you, you know, even if you... crave plasma." Michael blinked and looked at her as if he had never seen her before."You what?""Like. You." Eve enunciated slowly, as if Michael might not know the words. "Idiot. I always have. What, you didn't know?" Eve sounded cool and grown-up about it, but Claire saw the hectic color in her cheeks, under the makeup. "How clueless are you? Does it come with the fangs?" "I guess I... I just thought... Hell. I just didn't think... You're kind of intimidating, you know." "I'm intimidating? Me? I run like a rabbit from trouble, mostly," Eve said."It's all show and makeup. You're the one who's intimidating. I mean, come on. All that talent, and you look... Well, you know how you look." " How do I look?" He sounded fascinated now, and he'd actually moved a little closer to Eve on the couch. She laughed. "Oh come on. You're a total model-babe." "You're kidding.""You don't think you are?"He shook his head. "Then you're kind of an idiot, Glass. Smart, but and idiot." Eve crossed her arms.“So? What exactly do you think about me, except that I’m intimidating?”“I think you’re…you’re…ah, interesting?” Michael was amazingly bad at this, Claire thought, but then he saved it by looking away and continuing. “I think you’re beautiful. And really, really strange.”Eve smiled and looked down, and that looked like a real blush, under the rice powder. “Thanks for that, “ she said, “I never thought you knew I existed, or if you did, that you thought I was anything but Shane’s bratty freak friend.”“Well, to be fair, you are Shane’s bratty freak friend.”“Hey!”“You can be bratty and beautiful,” Michael said. “I think it’s interesting.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|You are not your past. You are the warrior that rose above it to become the example of someone who didn't survive, but thrived in creating the most beautiful last chapter of their life.
Anthony Liccione|There are four kinds of people to avoid in the world: the assholes, the asswipes, the ass-kissers, and those that just will shit all over you.
Aletheia Luna, Quiet Strength: Embracing, Empowering and Honoring Yourself as an Introvert|Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone At Times That It Just Makes Sense|It was as if this night were only one of thousands of nights, world without end, night curving into night to make a great arching line of which I couldn’t see the end, a night in which I roamed alone under cold, mindless stars.
Harrish Sairaman|When you follow your joy, the true essence of your life unfolds.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Attraction is so much more than a pretty face. It’s face is passion, attitude, kindness, & faith.
Supriya Kaur Dhaliwal|A novel is a hearty meal, but poems are the Belgian chocolates of the bookshelf. You can pick one and linger over it. Savour the aroma, the taste, the melting texture, the sweet craving it leaves behind! Or you can scoff down as many as you can eat. It’s up to you.
Erich Fromm|In spite of the deep-seated craving for love, almost everything else is considered to be more important than love: success, prestige, money, power-almost all our energy is used for the learning of how to achieve these aims, and almost none to learn the art of loving.  Could it be that only those things are considered worthy of being learned with which one can earn money or prestige, and that love, which "only" profits the soul, but is profitless in the modern sense, is a luxury we have no right to spend energy on?
Monte Irvin|I like sports. I'm a big football fan. When I was a kid, I was a... I don't even know how to describe it... I was an obsessed Brooklyn Dodgers fan. And I think when they left Brooklyn, which was simultaneous with me starting college, everything changed, and I haven't had the same passion for sports.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Thought is the mental imagery of what you want to do, have or achieve.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|Amy," Elsie Moore said in her crackling voice, her gaze fixed on Declan. "I want you to get me a new bear. A blond one.
Dada Bhagwan|The rupee becomes cheap [of less value] and is that why man becomes expensive [valuable] and when the rupee becomes expensive, man becomes cheap. At present, man has become cheap; he will become expensive again.
Roald Dahl|A dream is not needing anything. If it is a good one, it is waiting peaceably for ever until it is released and allowed to do its job. If it is a bad one, it is always fighting to get out.
Olga Kurylenko|You had to learn at a certain age what sarcasm is, you know?
J.S. Riley|Let’s face it. It’s already hard being yourself, so why do we insist on adding pressure trying to please others.
Kelley Armstrong, The Gathering|I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Don't pound your chest when it's all good, then blame God when it's all bad.
Tara Janzen, On the Loose|We’ve got to stop meeting like this.”“No, we don’t.” He liked meeting like this, over her bare ass, a hot-off-the-presses copy of the Rocky Mountain News, and a steaming cup of coffee. It was so perfect, he planned on doing it every day for the rest of his life. He just hadn’t told her yet.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|When one woman strikes at the heart of another, she seldom misses, and the wound is invariably fatal.
Samael Aun Weor, The Mystery of the Golden Blossom|What is most important is to cease legislating for all lives what is liveable only for some, and similarly, to refrain from proscribing for all lives what is unlivable for some.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|I wasn't there yet, I wasn't finding joy and gladness in my barrenness, but I believed I would. I believed He would make my barren soul as beautiful as His perfect garden.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Considering what a hot, wed dog smells like, dog stew has a surprisingly savory odor To tell the truth, it tastes pretty good, like oxtail. To be perfectly honest, it's delicious. (Anything about this to my golden retriever, and I'll punch your lights out.)
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Some things are not forgiveable. Deliberate cruelty is not forgiveable. It is the most unforgiveable thing in my opinion, and the one thing in which I have never, ever been guilty.
Stephen  Vaughn, M.I.N.D.|How do you write a memory? For that matter, what is a memory? A remembrance, a dream of the past that floats into the present on occasion? What are memories? Are they illusion? For if memory is illusion, then how can we be sure of what is real? Illusions are fabricated, sometimes they are an accident, sometimes they are pure deception, and how do we tell the difference? Do you start with the person? Do you start with the idea? How can you begin with either if you can’t decide on one? How can you write a memory if you don’t even know what it is? How do you create something that has never before been created? If we don’t know what our memories are, do we know what the present is? Do we know what the future holds? If we don’t know what memories are then do we know what the past was? And if we question what we know, how can we be sure of anything? How can we be sure what’s currently happening is real, and not a vivid memory being relived over and over in painful remembrance?
Unarine Ramaru|…the worshipers here are not likely to kill one another, they all offer the same sacrifice, and how the fat spits and the carcasses sizzle as God in the sublime heavens inhales the odors of all this carnage with satisfaction. Jesus pressed his lamb to his breast, unable to fathom why God could not be appeased with a cup of milk poured over His altar, that sap of life which passes from one being to another, or with a handful of wheat, the basic substance of immortal bread. Soon he will have to part with the old man’s generous gift, his for such a short time, the poor little lamb will not live to see the sun set this day, it is time to mount the stairs of the Temple, to deliver it to the knife and sacrificial fire, as if it were no longer worthy of existence or being punished…
Jennette McCurdy|Good artists copy, great artists steal.
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|Speech belongs half to the speaker, half to the listener.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|She liked being reminded of butterflies. She remembered being six or seven and crying over the fates of the butterflies in her yard after learning that they lived for only a few days. Her mother had comforted her and told her not to be sad for the butterflies, that just because their lives were short didn't mean they were tragic. Watching them flying in the warm sun among the daisies in their garden, her mother had said to her, see, they have a beautiful life. Alice liked remembering that.
Galen Beckett, The Master of Heathcrest Hall|Without realizing it, I fought to keep my two worlds separated. Without ever knowing why, I made sure, whenever possible that nothing passed between the compartmentalization I had created between the day child and the night child.p26
Henry Adams|Triumphant science and technology are only at the threshold of man's command over sources of energy so stupendous that, if used for military purposes, they can wipe out our entire civilization.
Terri Farley, Blue Wings|Jesus gave us a model for the work of the church at the Last Supper. While his disciples kept proposing more organization ─ Hey, let's elect officers, establish hierarchy, set standards of professionalism ─ Jesus quietly picked up a towel and basin of water and began to wash their feet.
Graham Harman|A philosophical thought is not supposed to be impervious to all criticism; this is the error Whitehead describes of turning philosophy into geometry, and it is useful primarily as a way of gaining short-term triumphs in personal arguments that no one else cares (or even knows) about anyway. A good philosophical thought will always be subject to criticisms (as Heidegger’s or Whitehead’s best insights all are) but they are of such elegance and depth that they change the terms of debate, and function as a sort of “obligatory passage point” (Latour’s term) in the discussions that follow.Or in other words, the reason Being and Time is still such a classic, with hundreds of thousands or millions of readers almost a century later, is not because Heidegger made “fewer mistakes” than others of his generation. Mistakes need to be cleaned up, but that is not the primary engine of personal or collective intellectual progress.
Marina Abromovic|I think like any marriage, especially when you've had divorced parents like myself; you want to try even harder to make it work.
Kristen Henderson, Of My Maiden Smoking|And no matter what closet we were thrown in, up what river we were sold for an embarrassment, or worse, traded for a bottle of gin--we’d carry on in playful stitches, friends‘til the end…which came sooner than wished.
William H. Gass, The World Within the Word|Arnold Sommerfeld generalized Bohr's model to include elliptical orbits in three dimensions. He treated the problem relativistically (using Einstein's formula for the increase of mass with velocity), ... According to historian Max Jammer, this success of Sommerfeld's fine-structure formula "served also as an indirect confirmation of Einstein's relativistic formula for the velocity dependence of inertia mass.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|To their simple, degenerate minds there was only one thing to do when faced by a God more powerful than their own: Convert.Brandon Sanderson(Elantris)
S.G. Savage|Perhaps great fiction is in reality, deep hidden truths.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dark Side of the Moon|There will always be a part of you that misses her. You'll see something that reminds you of her and want to tell her about it, only to realize she's not there anymore. Then you'll feel her loss all over again. (Ravyn) You're not helping me, Ravyn. (Jack)I know, buddy. But you will eventually make peace with yourself, and that's the most important thing. Eventually, you'll even be able to smile again when you think about her. (Ravyn)
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|To stop working, striving and pushing, just because you have enough, therefore is a disservice to the Divine.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Limitless opportunities abound, governed only by your focus on achieving them.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|Tate lays her head on my arm, and we both watch her.Our daughter.I love you so much, Sam.I’m looking down at the perfection we created when it hits me.It’s all worth it.It’s the beautiful moments like these that make up for the uglylove.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|At heart, he could not abide sense in women: he liked to see them as silly, as light-headed, as vain, as open to ridicule as possible; because they were then in reality what he held them to be, and wished them to be,--inferior: toys to play with, to amuse a vacant hour and to be thrown away.
Julian Baggini|I grew up believing in Santa Claus, and we still treat our house at Christmas with a huge reverence for that belief - even though our children are 19 through 23.
Gloria Ng, Well Water Woman|For my relationships with men to change, I needed to change my relationship to myself as a woman.
Philip Larkin, The Complete Poems|What do they think has happened, the old fools,To make them like this? Do they somehow supposeIt's more grown-up when your mouth hangs open and drools,And you keep on pissing yourself, and can't rememberWho called this morning? Or that, if they only chose,They could alter things back to when they danced all night,Or went to their wedding, or sloped arms some September?Or do they fancy there's really been no change,And they've always behaved as if they were crippled or tight,Or sat through days of thin continuous dreamingWatching the light move? If they don't (and they can't), it's strange;			Why aren't they screaming?
Theodor Reik, Of love and lust; on the psychoanalysis of romantic and sexual emotions; from the works of Theodor Reik|It was strange to find that love does not spring from abundance and richness of the ego, but is a way out of inner distress and poverty. We were surprised to discover that our first love is not directed either to another person or to ourselves, but to an imaginary ideal ego, to an image of ourselves as we would like to be. There are stranger discoveries awaiting us the more deeply we grope in the dark and the further we intrude into the secret places of the human heart.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Awakening your spiritual self is like having a second childhood with faulty parents, broken bones and proverbial brussel sprouts.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When you truly love someone, you want to please and honor them by the way you act. How you treat someone shows whether or not you really care about them.
Stanley Goldyn, The Cavalier Club|...said Finn...“Only remember, Clare. In a dream, what you want will come out, one way or the other. ”“So . . . So I should be careful about what I want, then, right?”“No, you can’t be careful with what you want. Wanting isn’t a pet who stays at your heels; it’s a wild animal. You must become friendly with it. It will make an offer, and you will respond. Converse with what you want that way.”“So what should I try to want? What should I look for?”“Never look for what you should want and desire, but what you do want and desire. You should know that from your poetry. It is the only way to 'make' true. What you desire will appear, no matter how you try to erase or recolor it.”“All right,” said Clare. She turned her back on the ocean and the fire, and began to walk toward the dunes.
Tana French, The Likeness|I think you people are just marvelous,” she said in a dramatic manner, closing her eyes for a moment. “You know, sometimes I hear the Great Spirit calling to me. Perhaps I was a squaw in my last life. My family would never talk about it when I was growing up, but I’m pretty sure my great-grandmother was a real Cherokee princess. Are you Cherokee, by any chance?”“Cherokee to the bone, ma’am,” Luther replied, giving Jimmy a wink.“Oh, I knew it when I laid eyes on you,” she responded and turned to Jimmy. “Are you also Cherokee?”“No, ma’am. I wanted to be but I didn’t have the grades to get in.”“Oh, you poor dear,” the woman said, reaching over to pat him on the arm.
Gus Van Sant, Pink|Movies endorsed unwanted ideas by putting them into story form and resolving them up there on the screen. The goal was, as always, identification, but also relief.
Rosa Luxemburg|Freiheit ist immer die Freiheit des AndersdenkendenFreedom is always, and exclusively, freedom for the one who thinks differently.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Take a pinch of snuff, doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example.
Oswald J. Smith|The gospel, if it is really believed, removes neediness - the need to be constantly respected, appreciated, and well regarded; the need to have everything in your life go well; the need to have power over others. All of these great, deep needs continue to control you only because the concept of the glorious God delighting in you with all His being is just that - a concept and nothing more. Our hearts don't believe it, so they operate in default mode. Paul is saying that if you want to really change, you must let the gospel teach you - that is to train, discipline, coach you - over a period of time. You must let the gospel argue with you. You must let the gospel sink down deeply into your heart, until it changes your motivation and views and attitudes.
Emily Giffin, Baby Proof|No second chances. It's not so much about morality, but about my inability to forgive. I am a champion grudge holder, and I don't think I could change this about myself even if I wanted to.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the rest.
Chalene Johnson, PUSH: 30 Days to Turbocharged Habits, a Bangin' Body, and the Life You Deserve!|Treat yourself like a fat person with aches and pains and a suitcase full of excuses, and good luck--you'll stay exactly where you are. Train like an athlete and, though you may not look like one now, you will become one.
|Making each day count like it's your last day to fulfill your dreams, is unarguably the master key to a future full of great rewards.
Simone Damgaard|Until you find a cause you can die for, you are not worthy to live.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|If at any moment Time stays his hand, it is only when we are delivered over to the miseries of boredom.
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|Think about those who deserve your time and emotions. Because, valuable things should never be wasted and should be delivered with care to those who deserve it.
Philip Yancey, Church: Why Bother?: My Personal Pilgrimage|Let God Himself be the main attraction at church again, and let us be tireless in our insistence that church is for God, about God, through God, and to the glory of His great Son.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|When you commit a crime always remember that, the police are always very happy to be your friend”.
Brian A.  Jackson, Mushroom Medicine: The Healing Power of Psilocybin & Sacred Entheogen History|Everything is going to be alright' doesn't mean stubbing your toe won't hurt anymore, but it reinforces that what takes place today, good or bad, is just a small piece of the larger puzzle
Michael Dobbs, Old Enemies|And even if fairies built a nest in the bottom of my garden and it should turn out that I have to live for a thousand years, there's not one of them when I'll be of a mind to trust you.
Kerry Greenwood|If I ever saw my muse she would be an old woman with a tight bun and spectacles poking me in the middle of the back and growling, "Wake up and write the book!
Francis Parkman|For the first half of this century, High Court judges have been cautious to the point of timidity in expressing any criticism of governmental action; the independence of the judiciary has been of a decidedly subordinate character.
Jessica    Thompson|I like these games we play, the ones that involve our heads and our hearts ~ Page 212
John H. Patterson|An executive is a person who always decides; sometimes he decides correctly, but he always decides.
Jennifer Estep, Web of Lies|This is an Aston Martin, Gin.You don't run over dead bodies in an Aston Matin.""Tell that to James Bond
Anton du Beke|I'm busier than ever and it's led to new opportunities. But I've never worried about being rich or famous - for me, it's all about the dancing.
Elizabeth Peters, The Falcon at the Portal|Sarcasm is wasted on those who haven’t had a decent night’s sleep, my darling.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|They know a million tricks, those novelists. Take Doctor Goebbels; that's how he started out, writing fiction. Appeals to the base lusts that hide in everyone no matter how respectable on the surface. Yes, the novelist knows humanity, how worthless they are, ruled by their testicles, swayed by cowardice, selling out every cause because of their greed - all he's got to do is thump on the drum, and there's his response. And he's laughing, of course, behind his hand at the effect he gets.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|He drinks his coffee tentatively, glancing at me every few seconds, watching me. Every time he glances in my direction, I quickly turn away though he obviously knows I'm watching him. I know he's wondering why I'm staring at him, but he doesn't ask.I finally take a sip of coffee, set the mug back on the table, and voice what's on my mind, "I want to draw you.
Ellis Peters|I am bound to tell what I am told, but not in every case to believe it.
Heather McVea, November's End|Calina studied Nessa’s profile in the dim light of dawn. Her pulse raced as she formed a question in her mind. “Who do you want to be bothered by?”Calina felt like anything could happen in the silence that followed. It wrapped around Nessa and her, stifling the breath from her body and tightening her throat.Nessa shifted and turned so she was facing Calina. It was too dark for Calina to see Nessa’s eyes, but she could feel them wandering over her face.“You.” The word was exhaled from Nessa as if a great relief had washed over her. “I want to be bothered by you.
Kamand Kojouri|As soon as we are born we hide God in ourselves.We then spend our lives looking for Himwhen all along, He has been concealed behind the veil of 'I'.
Bayode Ojo, Petals Around The Rose|My master then, assuming he is solitary, in my image, wishes me well, poor devil, wishes my good, and if he does not seem to do very much in order not to be disappointed it is because there is not very much to be done or, better still, because there is nothing to be done, otherwise he would have done it, my great and good master, that must be it, long ago, poor devil. Another supposition, he has taken the necessary steps, his will is done as far as I am concerned (for he may have other protégés) and all is well with me without my knowing it. Cases one and two. I’ll consider the former first, if I can. Then I’ll admire the latter, if my eyes are still open.
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|There are many themes found in the Book of Psalms that are generally not found in modern music. These include the fear of God, the righteousness and justice of God, the sovereignty of God, the judgement of God, the evil of sin, spiritual and physical warfare, the arch enemies of the Christian, the destruction of the wicked, the reality of hell, the blessedness of the church, the vicious attacks upon the church, the commandments of God, the dominion of David’s son, and so on. Without the backdrop of these truths, the themes of love, mercy, faith, and salvation become largely meaningless.
Bryan Davis, Raising Dragons|Forever and ever Bonnie, I will always be your friend.
Enigma|In every colour there's the light.In every stone sleeps a crystal.Remember the Shaman, when he used to say:Man is the dream of the dolphin
Oscar Wilde|Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.
Sunday Adelaja|Overcoming the pain of self-discipline, we achieve our goals and move towards our dreams
Kelli Jae Baeli, Bettered by a Dead Crustacean|One of my biggest fears is that I'm going to die alone in my home, and my cats will eat me because I am too dead to open their food cans.
David Levithan, Wide Awake|It felt good to be surrounded by books, by all this solid knowledge, by these objects that could be ripped page by page but couldn't be torn if the pages all held together.
Cecilia Dart-Thornton, The Battle of Evernight|She had seen what it cost him and her heart quickened with compassion. For that alone, she might have loved him almost.
Edward Dahlberg|Woman is the most superstitious animal beneath the moon. When a woman has a premonition that Tuesday will be a disaster, to which a man pays no heed, he will very likely lose his fortune then. This is not meant to be an occult or mystic remark. The female body is a vessel, and the universe drops its secrets into her far more quickly than it communicates them to the male.
H.L. Mencken|Rose, I cheat at cards and buy liquor for minors. But I would never, ever force you into something you don't want.
Iris Chang, The Rape of Nanking|Almost all people have this potential for evil, which would be unleashed only under certain dangerous social circumstances.
A.Z.Green|Contrary to what is commonly believed, all murderers are men of extreme faith rather than unbelievers.
Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You|October air, complete with dancing leaves and sighing winds greeted him as he stepped from the bus onto the dusty highway. Coolness embraced. The scent of burning wood hung crisp in the air from somewhere far in the distance. His backpack dropped in a flutter of dust. He surveyed dying cornfields from the gas station bus stop. Seeing this place, for the first time in over twenty years, brought back a flood of memories, long buried and forgotten.
G.R. Reader, Off-Topic: The Story of an Internet Revolt|In the twenty-first century, the visions of J.C. Nichols and Walt Disney have come full circle and joined. “Neighborhoods” are increasingly “developments,” corporate theme parks. But corporations aren’t interested in the messy ebb and flow of humanity. They want stability and predictable rates of return. And although racial discrimination is no longer a stated policy for real estate brokers and developers, racial and social homogeneity are still firmly embedded in America’s collective idea of stability; that’s what our new landlords are thinking even if they are not saying it. (138)
Russell T. Davies, Doctor Who: The Writer's Tale|A short story I have written long ago would barge into my house in the middle of the night, shake me awake and shout, 'Hey,this is no time for sleeping! You can't forget me, there's still more to write!' Impelled by that voice, I would find myself writing a novel. In this sense, too, my short stories and novels connect inside me in a very natural, organic way.
Rachele Baker, An Inspiring True Story: Eighteen Months To Live|She did not begin to tell real lies until Rosa was in hospital suffering that filthy rot that left her all eaten out inside, as light and fragile as a pine log infested with white ant
Mehmet Murat ildan|Curiosity is what separates us from the cabbages. It's accelerative. The more we know, the more we want to know.
Martin Gore|For about half an hour in mid-1992, I knew as much as any layperson about the pleasures of remote access of other people's computers.
Alexis Steinhauer, Dragon's Flight|Wisdom you speak, Obi Tina.''None of that - I'm the one who gets to speak backwards - no, we're both wrong - that's the little green guy, Yoda.''You're right. So I just get to pout and act badly when you try and teach me anything.''Try channelling Luke rather than Annakin - the outcome is better.
Derric Yuh Ndim|Our life is an odd mixture of different moments of action andinaction, work and rest.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness’ sake. But don’t make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasionquicker than adults, and evasion simply muddles ‘em. No, you had the right answer this afternoon, but the wrong reasons. Bad language is a stage all children go through, and it dies with time when they learn they’re notattracting attention with it. Hotheadedness isn’t.
Santosh Kalwar, I Am Dead Man Alive|Many religions have attempted to make statues of their gods very large, and the idea, I suppose, is to make us feel small. But if that's their purpose, they can keep their paltry icons. We need only look up if we wish to feel small.
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|But why live in these environments at all? What possessed fish to get out of the water or live in the margins? Think of this: virtually every fish swimming in these 375-million-year-old streams was a predator of some kind. Some were up to sixteen feet long, almost twice the size of the largest Tiktaalik. The most common fish species we find alongside Tiktaalik is seven feet long and has a head as wide as a basketball. The teeth are barbs the size of railroad spikes. Would you want to swim in these ancient streams?
Graham Parke, Unspent Time|I'm very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences.
Brynna Gabrielson, Starkissed|...the difference between me and her is that she loves being smart, and I love learning, and those are two very different things.
Rahul Dravid|I really want to do a film in another language. My dad's from Germany, so it'd be really cool to do a film in German. I'm not quite fluent, but I can get there. And my accent's pretty good. I wouldn't feel too out of my element.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Good. Because I don't need protecting.""I knew you'd say that.But the thing is, sometimes you do. And sometimes I do. We're meant to protect each other, but not from everything. Not from the truth. That's what it means to love someone but let them be themselves.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Corrigan crept up to the bar, cautiously moving around it. It looked like he was copying all the moves he’d seen in old cop movies and westerns, and doing it rather badly. He lowered the pistol. There was no one behind the bar. There was however, an open trapdoor. And that would mean the bounty hunter was - .“Don’t move!” Came Beck’s distant, slightly muffled, barked order. “My turn, I think!
Joss Whedon|He's like Super Librarian, y'know? Everyone forgets, Willow, that knowledge is the ultimate weapon.
Evgeny Morozov|The themes in WordPress drive a lot of design trends. It democratizes design... You make a theme, and suddenly it's on hundreds and thousands of sites.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|Kaitlyn froze and then said in a low tone, "That'd better be your gun." "Why yes, I always pack my gun where it'll blow my balls off."[Landon]
Fakeer Ishavardas|Strange, as we find that alongside growing secularism in science and politics, growing materialism in the industrial revolution, and growing self-reliance in the world God becomes rejected by the world and Christians alike accepting an alternative God and yet time and time again we will find a great spiritual awakening and a great global advancement of the gospel of Jesus being birth.
George Alexiou|Life is sweet or bitter depending on where your attention is, at that moment.
Liz Reinhardt, Double Clutch|Like most people raised on American movies, I have poor access to my emotions, but can banter like a motherfucker.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|I've come to realize that you can fight a lot of things in life, but you can't help who you love. You can't change who your heart chooses. I'm afraid that very fact will be the greatest tragedy of my life.
Carolyn Ives Gilman, Halfway Human|I may not know what my heart truly holds, but who does? I think we're all mysteries, even to ourselves.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|This is what you can do to be called a true leader; know the truth, love the truth, speak the truth and repeat the cycle over and over again and again! Let the truth reign!
Luan|But the thing is that, in the end, we each must decide how comfortable we are with how much we hurt other people
Gift Gugu  Mona|Some lessons are learnt the hard way, but worth it.
Michelle Falkoff, Playlist for the Dead|In the distance, Amanda heard the sirens. Just a little bit longer. She didn't know what was wrong with her, but she was scared of dying before she had the chance to tell Ryker goodbye. In their capable hands, though, surely they could keep her alive long enough for him to return. They had to.
Sam Harris|What I love about being queer is... Everything. I like that it makes me different, and I like that it makes people uncomfortable sometimes. I like that it makes people ask me lots of questions about things they probably would not normally ask people about their relationships or lifestyles. And most of all I love being queer because i get to have a girlfriend.
Ann Cotton|Never take your eye off the ball. Always remember that you and everyone on the team is the servant of the cause - in our case, girls' education and young women's leadership in Africa.
Amish Tripathi|I guess I was an early method actress. I would go to a quiet part of the sound stage with my mother. I wouldn't think of anything sad, I would just make my mind a blank. In a minute I could cry.
Buzz Aldrin|I've made mistakes before of doing different projects just based on my dreams, my hopes, my thing, and not really thinking about my customers.
Deyth Banger|F.B.I and C.I.A use coded words.... Don't be stupid, remove everything which shows the location. Good Luck Killer :)!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We are all damaged. We have all been hurt. We have all had to learn painful lessons. We are all recovering from some mistake, loss, betrayal, abuse, injustice or misfortune. All of life is a process of recovery that never ends. We each must find ways to accept and move through the pain and to pick ourselves back up. For each pang of grief, depression, doubt or despair there is an inverse toward renewal coming to you in time. Each tragedy is an announcement that some good will indeed come in time. Be patient with yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Through my writing, I want to build an “immortal fountain of love” where everyone can come to dance and enjoy the colorful “flow of joy” and sing along with the music of love.
Christian Bobin|What are they like, writers, in your mind: it may seem strange, but initially it’s not about writing. A writer is someone who struggles with the angels of solitude and truth. A confused struggle, without any clear conclusion.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|The secret idea she was forming of an afterlife gave her the foothold she needed to endure the agonies to come, a newfound courage and optimism which found instant expression through SHOPPING.
Reba Riley, Post-Traumatic Church Syndrome: A Memoir of Humor and Healing in 30 Religions|From my first stab at second base, I became obsessively concerned for my vaginal upkeep. I began shaving the day after I felt my first tongue down my throat. The first buzz was a disaster, causing horrifically itchy dull razor breakout that made me look like I made love to a poison ivy bush. Whenever I thought there was a chance of unveiling my privates, I smothered every breakout with the same foundation I used for the occasional teenage acne face breakouts.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Move out of your comfort zone, develop those necessary skills and go all out for that much needed advancement!
Farshad Asl|Vision with action and commitment can change the world, but without action it's just a dream, and without commitment it's a nightmare.
Mike Rogers|I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession.
Oscar Wilde|But neither milk-white rose nor red May bloom in prison air;The shard, the pebble, and the flint, Are what they give us there:For flowers have been known to heal A common man's despair.
Benedict Anderson, Imagined Communities: Reflections on the Origin and Spread of Nationalism|Like an old gold-panning prospector, you must resign yourself to digging up a lot of sand from which you will later patiently wash out a few minute particles of gold ore.
R.M. Romarney|Place thy foot upon thy slave,Oh thou, half of hell, half of dreams;Among the shadows, dark and grave,Thy extended body softly gleams.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, This World We Live In|I thought about the earth then, really thought about it, the tsunami's and earthquakes and volcanoes, all the horrors I haven't witnessed but have changed my life, the lives of everyone I know, all the people I'll never know. I thought about life without the sun, the moon, stars, without flowers and warm days in May. I thought about a year ago and all the good things I'd taken for granted and all the unbearable things that had replaced those simple blessings. And even though I hated the thought of crying in from of Syl, tears streamed down my face.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Do jungle animals understand the true nature of the trees among which they have their daily being? In the parent-forest, amid those mighty trunks, we shelter and play; but whether the trees are healthy or corroded, whether they harbour demons or good spirites, we cannot say. Nor do we know the greatest secret of all: that one day we, too, will become as arboreal as they. And the trees, whose leaves we eat, whose bark we gnaw, remember sadly that they were animals once, they climbed like squirrels and bounded like deer, until one day they paused, and their legs grew down into the earth and stuck there, spreading, and vegetation sprouted from their swaying heads. They remember this as a fact; but the lived reality of their fauna years, the how-it-felt of that chaotic freedom is beyond recapture. They remember it as a rustle in their leaves.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If life is nothing more than a journey to death, autumn makes sense but spring does not.
Conor Oberst|Reaching my first grand slam final was amazing, and I didn't expect it at just 19 years old.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|It is this nothingness (in solitude) that I have to face in my solitude, a nothingness so dreadful that everything in me wants to run to my friends, my work, and my distractions so that I can forget my nothingness and make myself believe that I am worth something. The task is to persevere in my solitude, to stay in my cell until all my seductive visitors get tired of pounding on my door and leave me alone. The wisdom of the desert is that the confrontation with our own frightening nothingness forces us to surrender ourselves totally and unconditionally to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Plato|With the glorious flames of compassion in your heart, embrace the goodness from all religions.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The end occurred mostly in her whispers and his silence - because he couldn't whisper and they didn't want to wake Colin's parents. They succeeded in staying quiet, in part because it felt like the air had been shocked out of him. Paradoxically, he felt as if his getting dumped was the only thing happening on the entire dark and silent planet, and also as if it weren't happening at all. He felt himself drifting away from the one-sided whispered conversation, wondering if maybe everything big and heartbreaking and incomprehensible is a paradox.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|A dragon just gave me a piece of jewelry,” she said. She took another swig and handed the bottle back to Graydon. “Have I been added to his hoard?”He shook his head and drank too. “No, cupcake,” he said. “I’m pretty sure you’ve replaced it.
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|College had once been my greatest aspiration; it stood for everything my mother did not—intellectualism, feminism, freedom. But being kidnapped had given me plenty of time to think, and somewhere between all that fear and dread, I'd realized that was the wrong reason to go to college. That the potential for those things had been inside of me all along, only I'd never realized because I hadn't believed myself strong enough to break free without an intermediary.
Charles F. Glassman|As you see the need to change your partner to save the relationship, it is then time to end it.
Erica Jong|I had forgotten how awful it was to be a woman alone--the leering glances, the catcalls, the offers of help which you dared not accept for fear of incurring a sexual debt. The awful sense of vulnerability. No wonder I had gone from man to man and always wound up married. How could I have left Bennett? How could I have forgotten?
Marty Rubin|When death speaks to me, it speaks only of the beauty of life.
J.M.  Briggs, The Iron Realm|I am often appalled by those who make history, but inspired by those who do not.” -Morgana le Fey/Morgana Cornwall
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|Painting, it is true, was undergoing a series of -isms reminiscent of the whims of a pregnant woman.
Kaede Kouchi, Love So Life, Vol. 1|If you don't remove your hands immediately, I will render you unable to biologically maintain life.
Daniel Tammet|Music is, of course, a universal emotional experience, cutting across cultures and languages. I studied piano for ten years as a child and consider that experience one of the most valuable in my life.
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|I know it all, and I still love you." That is the convicting, convincing, liberating truth that comes from an encounter with Christ: all is known; there is no need to pretend anymore. I wrestled with that truth. It's hard to lay aside a mask when it looks just like you, and you have worn it for so long that you can't remember what you look like without it.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|Though we have rightly applauded our ancestors for their spiritual achievements (and do not and must not discount them now), those of us who prevail today will have done no small thing. The special spirits who have been reserved to live in this time of challenges and who overcome will one day be praised for their stamina by those who pulled handcarts.
Jason Fried|I understand it's promotion, but no one ever gave me a chance. No one ever thought I'd be the champ, and look where I'm at now.
Eckhart Tolle|I'm not ashamed to be me. More than anyone else I know, I love my life and accept myself. What's wrong with being unique? I am proud of everything that I am and will become.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|We should live, my Lesbia, and loveAnd value all the talk of stricterOld men at a single penny.Suns can set and rise again;For us, once our brief light has set,There's one unending night for sleeping.Give me a thousand kisses, then a hundred,Then another thousand, then a second hundred,Then still another thousand, then a hundred;Then, when we've made many thousands,We'll muddle them so as not to knowOr lest some villain overlook usKnowing the total of our kisses.(Translated by Guy Lee)
Anita Diamant The Red Tent|H.L. Mencken once said that Puritanism is the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be having a good time. As she looked down at her dead child, Mary Beth realized that the unbearable sense of loss she felt was tempered by gratitude and a kind of relief. There would be no more boyfriends now, no more weekend parties. Ruby would remain pure forever, and for that her mother was deeply grateful. Catholicism is the haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be having a good time . . . with your daughter.
Gaèl Baudino|It is difficult to frighten those who are easily astonished; ignorance causes fearlessness. Children have so little claim on hell, that if they should see it they would admire it.
Catherine Drinker Bowen, Friends and Fiddlers: Memoirs|It is a great, a pleasant thing to have a friend with whom to walk, untroubled, through the woods, by the stream, saying nothing, at peace--the heart all clean and quiet and empty, ready for the spirit that may choose to be its guest.
Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing|...it is hard to throw off long-established love:hard, but this you must managed somehow
Lynetta Halat|Life gets in the way of Creativity, but it's up to us not to let it interfere more than necessary.
Kamila Shamsie|Walkers easily travel three miles by foot. Drivers get in their cars to get from one side of the parking lot to the other. Neither quite understand why the other is so crazy, when it's so easy to do things their way.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|Why is it that at the very moment I need to appear graceful I stumble and fall like a klutz, as though this scene had never played through my mind differently a million times?
Cheryl  Price|It was then that the seven-year-old said, “I am ready. What wonderful place will we visit tonight?” “I can take you wherever your dreams desire,” the calico pony replied on their first night together.
Alain Ducasse|At school, I was brought up on revolting food - sausages, sausages and Spam - but at home, I had the most wonderful sponge puddings, which I don't indulge in very often now.
Krist Pauwels, Your Work and Your Life: Towards a True Win-Win|Art cannot save the world, but it does help you understand the world inside of you.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|We shouldn't live as if [other worlds] mattered more than this life in this world, because where we are is always the most important place.
Justine Dell, Recaptured Dreams|He shivered beneath her touch, and his jaw clenched. It pleased her. Her longing rose to the surface, and an unfamiliar emotion overcame her. It swam beneath her skin, lighting little flickers of recognition. It was the same heat—the same feeling—that had made her run the night before. Not this time, though. This time she would own it. Embrace it. Ride it. Enjoy it.
Latika Teotia|Good or bad, happy or sad, everything that happens does so for a reason; no incident in this world is a stray occurrence. Don’t be unnecessarily perplexed or anxious about it- accept it. There’s no point resisting it because it was ordained. A strain of music, perhaps a song, at times a stray incident brings back memories of another day. Some may be nostalgically beautiful others may bring back that ache in the heart that you thought you had overcome long ago. Don’t stop them, let them keep flooding in. They are your memories of an era gone by. Feel them. Relive the good ones. Chew the cud of nostalgia. You will feel energized. The unhappy ones too are welcome, let them in. That pain that you feel once again is the purging of your heart. Feel that the ache for one last time and forgive those that caused the pain. Let go of those memories tenderly. Gently bid them adieu with love. You are a new person now. Those old memories have gone and they have left a space; you are now ready to accept new ones. Fill your life with love; spread it. Live life the way you want to. Do things that you have wanted to do all this while but were afraid to. Live the life that brings you happiness and makes your heart sing with joy...
Jiddu Krishnamurti|In 'Hardflip,' you have a relationship where the father and son haven't seen each other in 18 years, but they find they're very alike: pigheaded, stubborn, passionate. It's a wonderful story of how you can't get away from how similar you and your children are.
David Suzuki|Clouds and darkness surround us, yet Heaven is just, and the day of triumph will surely come, when justice and truth will be vindicated.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Who are you without your labels and attachments to the issues you are passionate about? Remove the emotions, remove the beliefs and associations, and simply focus on the rational and practical applications that promote peaceful progression.
Steven Magee|To become an effective radiation researcher, you must develop the ability to discern fact from fiction.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|What do you do,' said Jean, 'with, ah, "ungifted" children when you have them?''Cherish them and raise them, you imbecile. Most of them end up working for us, in Karthain and elsewhere. What did you think we'd do, burn them on a pyre?''Forget I asked
Erin Hunter, Outcast|A single night is stuffed with minutes, but they leak out, one by one.
Beck|Every time you go in, it's like starting over. You don't know how you did the other records. You're learning all over. It's some weird musician amnesia, or maybe the road wipes it out.
Bill Parcells|My story as an artist has been about trial and error. It's been about artist development, character building, struggle, happiness and failure, family, and music.
Gael Garcia Bernal|Most food you drop is still perfectly edible. If it was in your eyesight the whole time, you can pick it up and eat it.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|As every barrier to the constraint of individualism is removed - as 'I' and 'my' appear in the names of more and more software applications and IT products - nevertheless today's rampant mimeticism ensures that 'I' and 'my' become less and less differentiated from 'you' and 'yours'...We crave differentiation, and deprived of it we blame the failing institutions that once might have delivered it.
Nitesh Aggarwaal|You are the most lucky person in the world, only if you BELIEVE so.
Val Uchendu|Feelings are feelings, no matter when they happen. Our bodies don't stop being ours just because worse things happen to other people.
Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics|Emotion and instinct were the basis of all our decisions, our actions, everything we valued, the way we saw the world. Reason and rationality were a thin coat of paint on a ragged surface.
Margaret Edson|Classroom teaching withholds nothing. I say to my young students every year, “I know how to add two numbers, but I’m not going to tell you.” And they laugh and shout, “No!” That’s so absurd, so unthinkable. What do I have that I would not give to you?Bringing nothing, producing nothing, expecting nothing, withholding nothing — what does that remind you of? Is this a bizarre occurrence that will go into The Journal of Irreproducible Results? Or is it something that happens every day, all the time, all over the world,and is based not on gain and fame, but on love.
Aldous Huxley, Themes And Variations|But a democracy is bound in the end to be obscene, for it is composed of myriad disunited fragments, each fragment assuming to itself a false wholeness, a false individuality. Modern democracy is made up of millions of frictional parts all asserting their own wholeness.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|Then, one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life...you give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore.
Samuel Rutherford|There is much in our Lord's pantry that will satisfy his children, and much wine in his cellar that will quench all their thirst. Hunger for him until he fills you. He is pleased with the importunity of hungry souls. If he delays, do not go away, but fall a-swoon at his feet. Every day we may see some new thing in Christ. His love has neither brim nor bottom. How blessed are we to enjoy this invaluable treasure, the love of Christ; or rather allow ourselves to be mastered and subdued in his love, so that Christ is our all, and all other things are nothing. O that we might be ready for the time our Lord's wind and tide call for us! There are infinite plies in his love that the saint will never be able to unfold. I urge upon you a nearer and growing communion with Christ. There are curtains to be drawn back in Christ that we have never seen. There are new foldings of love in him. Dig deep, sweat, labour, and take pains for him, and set by as much time in the day for him as you can; he will be won with labour. Live on Christ's love. Christ's love is so kingly, that it will not wait until tomorrow, it must have a throne all alone in your soul. It is our folly to divide our narrow and little love. It is best to give it all to Christ. Lay no more on the earthly, than it can carry. Lay your soul and your weights upon God; make him your only and best-beloved. Your errand in this life is to make sure an eternity of glory for your soul, and to match your soul with Christ. Your love, if it could be more than all the love of angels in one, would be Christ's due. Look up to him and love him. O, love and live! My counsel is, that you come out and leave the multitude, and let Christ have your company. Let those who love this present world have it, but Christ is a more worthy and noble portion; blessed are those who have him.
David Gross|Majority of people find that nature is anything that walks and grows on planet Earth, astronomers have found that this nature stretches way beyond our atmosphere as far as we can see in to the Universe.
David Lynch|The amount of speculation surrounding my romantic life is astounding. It's strange how involved people get: invested and angry, really disappointed.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|The problem is people want help, but when help arrives you want to tell the help how to help you. Learn to RECEIVE help.
Brian Blessed|That's what we want to do here at Johnson Space Center. I think what we have always brought to NASA and brought to the country is trying to push the boundaries, trying to go to the next level.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|ASK YOURSELF: Do you appear self-confident or unsure? Do you project a calm demeanor or scream instability? Do you come across as a leader or try to stay invisible? Do you walk with purpose and intention or doubt and trepidation? Do you look vibrant and energetic, or stressed out and overwhelmed?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Dream, Dream.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Men love pleasure, but women wish for purposeful promise.
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|Even though he had admitted to her that he used to watch me shower through a hole in the bathroom wall back when I was thirteen. She blamed us both for what we had "done" to her. But it sounds like she got over being mad at him pretty quick. She later told me that she had to go back and have sex with him one more time, just to make sure that there was nothing left between the two of them and to get some closure. That almost made me want to vomit. The only interaction between us after that was her showing up at the courthouse when I had to sit in front of a grand jury of twelve strangers and tell them what had happened. She came into the waiting room where I was sitting and started screaming that I was a whore and that I'd fucked her husband. She had to be escorted out of the court by two officers. That's what I got from her.
Avatar The Last Airbender|The woods, the vines, the very stones, were at one with the brightness of the sun and the unblemished sky, and even when the sky grew overcast, the multitude of leaves, as in a sudden change of tone, the earth of the roads, the roofs of the town, seemed as though caught up in the unity of a brand-new world. And all that Jean was feeling seemed without effort to chime with the surrounding oneness, and he was conscious of the perfect joy which is the gift of harmony.
Sarah J. Maas|Perhaps Nesta will take up the blood-drinking habit, too. I certainly believe her threat to rip out my throat. Maybe she'll enjoy the taste.
Samuel Beckett, Embers|Ada: And why life? (Pause.) Why life, Henry? (Pause.) Is there anyone about?Henry: Not a living soul.Ada: I thought as much. (Pause.) When we longed to have it to ourselves there was always someone. Now that it does not matter the place is deserted.
Nanette Mathews|Even small positive shifts in thinking, create huge results if you are consistent in your efforts
Ernest Hemingway|Culture is not trivial. It is not a decoration or artifice, the songs we sing or even the prayers we chant. It is a blanket of comfort that gives meaning to lives. It is a body of knowledge that allows the individual to make sense out of the infinite sensations of consciousness, to find meaning and order in a universe that ultimately has neither. Culture is a body of laws and traditions, a moral and ethical code that insulates a people from the barbaric heart that lies just beneath the surface of all human societies and indeed all human beings. Culture alone allows us to reach, as Abraham Lincoln said, for the better angels of our nature.
Norian F. Love, Money, Power & Sex: A Love Story|Lucas, I never wanted children. I just want to be CEO. I want money, power, and on occasion, sex
James Turrell|If you're going to be a winner in life, you have to constantly go beyond your best.
Amy Lee|Well, then, why should I listen to my heart?""Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet.
Belinda McBride, Doms of Dark Haven|I was begging you not to get married and if you do manage to talk some poor woman into marrying you, please pull out,” Paul said in a slow, condescending manner, raising his eyebrows in hopes of clarifying. “Sterilization should be a legal requirement for pricks like you.
Dada Bhagwan|Mind is indeed that which takes one to Moksha, and it is also the mind that makes one wander around in the worldly life. One needs to just turn it in the right direction. It had been turned in the wrong direction, and so it needs to be turned in the right direction.
Laura Kasischke, The Life Before Her Eyes|Mr. McCleod: And if there’s anything I want you guys to take with you from this class, as you’re abusing your bodies over break, is three things: the heart is the body’s strongest muscle, that the brain has more cells in it than our galaxy has stars, and that the body is 72% water. So wherever you go over vacation, don’t get too dehydrated.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|It's not what a movie is about, it's how it is about it.
John Hawkes|Everywhere I look, there are ads marking Mother's Day. Mostly they conform to stereotype: flowers, jewelry, perfume. Not a lot of books. Not many computers. Few tools. Little that's useful.
Ozzy Osbourne|God is another name for human intelligence raised above all error and imperfection, and extended to all possible truth.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|That girl who doesn’t even understand my language properly, understands my heart, but the one who should, doesn’t even try
Marc Chagall|Color is all. When color is right, form is right. Color is everything, color is vibration like music; everything is vibration.
Sunday Adelaja|When you teach, you learn twice
P. J. O'Rourke|Some day you will be wheeled in for a heart bypass operation, and a surgeon will be the person who is now behind the counter when you renew your car registration at the department of motor vehicles.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.
Kresley Cole, Deep Kiss of Winter|And if you don’t think I can hold my own against all those eighteenth-century mortals you were out tagging, then you’re a fool, Casanova.” ... “Oh, yes, I know all about you.”He went still. “What are you talking about?”“I was alive back then. And all the Lore heard about the ruthless warlord brothers from Estonia. The general, the scholar, the enigma, and . . . the manwhore.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|I hear you speak in songs of love, written for me only. And though I wander far too much, the path is rarely lonely.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|I get the concept, all right -- like, why would God make me gay and then tell me it's a sin to be gay? But the freethinkers were confusing me. ' I don't get it. They have no religion, but they sort of believe in God, but they don't believe in faith?
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|Practice what you preach. Don't be a staggering image of the same shame you place upon others. Live, love, be free. Most of all be real.
Vironika Tugaleva|What if each time you experienced an emotion, you acknowledged it, accepted it, and became curious about its message for you (instead of trying to make it go away or make it last longer)? Imagine how this could change your life. Imagine how heard, loved, and honoured you would feel if you really listened to yourself.
Bill Bigelow|At a time when we need an urgent national conversation about how schools and curriculum should address the environmental crisis, we're being told that the problems we need to focus on are teacher incompetence, government monopoly, and market competition. The reform agenda reflects the same private interests that are moving to shrink public space-interests that have no desire to raise questions that might encourage students to think critically about the roots of the environmental crisis, or to examine society's unsustainable distribution of wealth and power.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|But we are strong, each in our purpose, and we are all more strong together.
Beth Brower, The Q|In my long career in this historical fiction business, though, I've found that the most effective storytelling concept is this: Once upon a time it was now.That has become my credo and my method as a longtime historical novelist.It's quite simple, if you see as Janus sees:Today is now.Yesterday was now.Tomorrow will be now.Three hundred years ago, the eighteenth century was now.You, as a historical novelist, can make any time now by taking your reader into that time. Once you grasp that, the rest is just hard work.Stay with me, and you'll see how such work is done.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Altering our distressing emotions is an uphill battle. When you experience undesirable emotional outburst, try to alter the thought behind.
|Be very careful of the words that come out of your mouth, if you wish to save yourself from a lifetime of regrets.
Luther Burbank, The Harvest Of The Years|Jesus never spoke of truth in abstraction, as something that stands alone. Jesus always spoke of truth in relation to God being revealed through himself.
Nicholas    Murray, Element Punk, Vol. 1: Enter: Katashi Hiromasa|You have heard about the reindeer that pull old Santa's sled. But mostly I hate Rudolph and wish that he were dead. With his nose of red which we all know just can't be true. I wish someone would just kill him, that someone could be you. He is Santa's favorite and to the front he can be found. Instead of his red nose, "I" think it should be brown. He believes that Santa likes him and thinks that he's a winner. But Santa Claus has other plans he wants Rudolph for his dinner. Old Saint Nick is greedy this I know without a doubt. What else do you think happens to all the great toys we go without?He takes them and he breaks them be cause he doesn't care a bit. To me it doesn't matter, Why, he can keep his "Schict".Yes' it's true that I hate Santa too, dressed in his suit of silk. That's why this year with the homemade cookies,  I'm going to leave some poison milk.
Howard W. French, China's Second Continent: How a Million Migrants Are Building a New Empire in Africa|I wanted that, to move on, to forget, to start with a clean slate. I wanted to be able to breathe again.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world we do not have to become the doer, we have to become nimit [an instrument, one of the many scientific circumstantial evidence, not the whole and sole doer].
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|As you strive for personal effectiveness and leadership excellence, there are local and global questions that you will inevitably have to face. These range from poverty, corruption, terrorism, food security, scarcity of resources and overpopulation among others. Your power and influence for significance in leadership excellence will increase in direct proportion to your ability to find effective and sustainable practical solutions to some of these real-life challenges.
Tom Stoppard|I do have a lot of time for people in my life, and friendship is a very important subject for me. I think I'm unusual among the writers I know in that respect.
M.F.K. Fisher|To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art.
Robert Beatty|I think in terms of the day's resolutions, not the years
Mohiro Kitoh, Kare no Satsujin Keikaku|When you have a goal, there will also be a result.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Life moves so fast. You gotta document the good times, man.
Dorothy Hamill|Well, because I'm naturally a tomboy, when I have sleepovers with girls, they end up going home and crying.
Sonya Bateman, Master of None|This is the way things work sometimes, that good things get ideas from each other, say, well now let’s go ahead and let her have it all.
Karsten Andersen|People say when something stops growing, it dies; I don't think it's the same with love. Even when love stops growing because there's nothing to nurtures it, it doesn't die; it just stays somewhere in a limbo.
Randi Pink, Into White|Did you ever think our misfortune is directly related to your good fortune? Maybe the house your parents bought was on the market because the sellers didn't want my mama in the neighborhood. Maybe the good grades that eventually led you to law school were possible because your mama didn't have to work eighteen hours a day, and was there to read to you at night, or make sure you did your homework. How often do you remind yourself how lucky you are that you own your house, because you were able to build up equity through generations in a way families of color can't? How often do you open your mouth at work and think how awesome it is that no one's thinking you're speaking for everyone with the same skin color you have? How hard is it for you to find the greeting card for your baby's birthday with a picture of a child that has the same color skin as her? How many times have you seen a painting of Jesus that looks like you? Prejudice goes both ways, you know. There are people who suffer from it, and there are people who profit from it.
John Wells|I'm interested not just in projects that I'll be starring in, but producing film and TV that's really quality and great for adults; and when I say 'great for adults,' it doesn't mean without humor, because I'm also interested in doing comedy.
Julia Roberts|Soon, I'm going to meet somebody around my own age, and she's going to be smart and beautiful, and I'm going to date her daughter.
Ira Gershwin|The tendency of old age to the body, say the physiologists, is to form bone. It is as rare as it is pleasant to meet with an old man whose opinions are not ossified.
Cheryl A. Bachelder, Dare to Serve: How to Drive Superior Results by Serving Others|The daring leader helps the people see a future state, greater than their own imagination, and worthy of pursuit.
Terry Pratchett|Even though people pretend that medical records are privileged information, anyone can already get their hands on them.
Jasper Fforde, Lost in a Good Book|I would so hate to be a first-person character! Always on your guard, always having people read your thoughts!
Lee Child|Seeing other people is incredibly engaging, and that's one of the drivers that made us partner with Facebook - social communication. Not social newsfeeds, but actual face-to-face, seeing multiple avatars in a play experience, that's going to be a very big part of the future in VR.
Sydney Banks, The Enlightened Gardener|There's still a question I must put to you," said the cunger woman. "Can you give up Joshua to keep him?
Sunday Adelaja|When you dedicate yourself to your gift and do all the necessary studies to fully explore your field, you will be able to serve and to a full- valued and meaningful life
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 6: The Self-Preservation Society|The urge to fight, to maul, to murder: it is the greatest cancer that afflicts mankind. It obliterates the body of the victim, and the spirit of the the one who strikes the blow. I have seen it...
Francis Bacon|Reading maketh a full man; and writing an axact man. And, therefore, if a man write little, he need have a present wit; and if he read little, he need have much cunning to seem to know which he doth not.
Molly Ivins|The American people are ready for solutions, and Donald Trump offers a chance to move in a new direction.
Oscar Wilde|Modern industrial civilisation has developed within a certain system of convenient myths. The driving force of modern industrial civilisation has been individual material gain, which is accepted as legitimate, even praiseworthy, on the grounds that private vices yield public benefits in the classic formulation.Now, it's long been understood very well that a society that is based on this principle will destroy itself in time. It can only persist with whatever suffering and injustice it entails as long as it's possible to pretend that the destructive forces that humans create are limited: that the World is an infinite resource, and that the World is an infinite garbage-can. At this stage of History, either one of two things is possible: either the general population will take control of its own destiny and will concern itself with community-interests, guided by values of solidarity and sympathy and concern for others; or, alternatively, there will be no destiny for anyone to control.As long as some specialised class is in a position of authority, it is going to set policy in the special interests that it serves. But the conditions of survival, let alone justice, require rational social planning in the interests of the community as a whole and, by now, that means the Global Community. The question is whether privileged élites should dominate mass-communication, and should use this power as they tell us they must, namely, to impose necessary illusions, manipulate and deceive the stupid majority, and remove them from the public arena. The question, in brief, is whether Democracy and Freedom are values to be preserved or threats to be avoided. In this possibly-terminal phase of human existence, Democracy and Freedom are more than values to be treasured, they may well be essential to survival.
Max Muller|You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid.
Jack O'Connell|Unfortunately, I think there's not enough education about hydration. When I was young, we knew nothing about it. We all know that there's cases of athletes having serious issues because of dehydration and even dying.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|An icy slither ran up my core as I stared at my right hand, its tremors Richter scale violent. Was this my demon-killing ability? Destined to be some supernatural whore luring hell spawn into back alleys for deadly rub and tugs?
Abhijit Naskar|Changing the spelling of one's name to ensure success, performing rituals for good luck, wearing colored gem stones for success in business – all these fall into the same category of psychological reinforcement. Hence, emerged the blood-sucking professions of astrology, palmistry, vastushastra, numerology etc. The very existence of these fraudulent professions is predicated on the fear and anxiety of vulnerable masses. Thus, a person’s superstitious beliefs become the tool of exploitation in the hands of ruthless fraudsters.
Lord Byron|Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.
Ken Poirot|True success is achieved by stretching oneself, learning to feel comfortable being uncomfortable.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Death is easy, living difficult.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I may be lost, but I'm traveling the right way.
Mary Kate|The beauty of a morning glory, is that of its patient wait for the sun to bloom in the morning!
Harriet Atkinson, The Festival of Britain: A Land and Its People|It is important to demonstrate to the unfree world that one of the privileges of democracies is to enjoy freedom of travel and intercourse and the exchange of knowledge and ideas. [Gerald Barry, from article in English Speaking World, 1950.]
David Jones, In Parenthesis|This discussion of war then lays the foundation for an understanding of change as a process and as an essential component of military affairs. Militaries must change to cope with the changing environment in which they function. The U.S. Army has a robust process to guide change in its combat developments community. Change is also present in the business world, as industry seeks a competitive advantage in order to survive and prosper. The present transformation initiatives in the U.S. Department of Defense seek to maintain the U.S. dominance in military capability in the world and to exploit the opportunities afforded by new technologies and concepts of organization and warfare that use those technologies.The future of military requirements remain a challenge to define. The transformation process tries to define that future and the capabilities needed in order to maintain the security of the United States. Yet enemies of the United States and its allies also seek to predict and mold this future to their advantage. The rise of Islamic fundamentalists or radicalism has changed the global security environment. Western nations must prepare to defeat this threat that is not really new but has risen to new levels of ferocity and lethality.Regardless of the changes in technology, organizational and operational concepts, and external or internal threats, people remain a constant as the crucial element in war. People make decisions to use military and other elements of national power to impose the will of a nation on another group or nations. People also comprise the military services and man the component systems within the services. Any study of war and warfare must address the impact that people make on the conduct of war and the effects of war on people. The political process always includes people. To paraphrase Carl von Clausewitz, war is a continuation of that political process. Leaders who make a decision to fight and those who lead those soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines into battle must not forget that people implement those decisions and are the object of any offense or defense. Protecting the citizens of the United States is why the nation maintains military forces.
R.A. Lafferty|Things are set up as contraries that are not even in the same category. Listen to me: the opposite of radical is superficial; the opposite of liberal is stingy; the opposite of conservative is destructive. Thus I will describe myself as a radical conservative liberal; but certain of the tainted red fish will swear that there can be no such fish as that. Beware of those who use words to mean their opposites. At the same time have pity on them, for usually this trick is their only stock in trade. But do not pity them overly, it is your own death and your soul's death that they work by their deception.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't be shy to say "I am sorry"; Never feel too big to say "Please forgive me"; Don't think it's unnecessary to say "thank you"; Never feel bad to admit "I am wrong"! That's a good tactics is communication!
BritHoran|♔ Writing is my passion. I never want to let it go. It may be short, Fan-Fiction or purely my own work. But it is my kingdom, I am the princess. For all the noble readers in the kingdom, I bring them joy with tales. My knights that protect me, are my fellow writers. The dragon would be the inspiration for my writing. The fortune teller would be my best friend, giving me hope. The castle would be Wattpad, it keeps everything protected. ♔
Olli Jalonen|This is how best to effect change. If you reiterate the same fears and the same sensible measures with proper augmentation enough times, even difficult decisions will begin to seem like the only justifiable solutions.
Thomas J. Watson|When people have compassion, friendship, and unity, they speak and think in a constructive way to ensure national independence and prosperity.
Millicent Carter|My name is Millicent Carter from USA! I am very happy for sharing this great testimonies,The best thing that has ever happened in my life is how I win the lottery euro million mega jackpot. I am a man who believe that one day I will win the lottery. finally my dreams came through when I email Dr.. Osibeme and tell him I need the lottery numbers. I have spend so much money on ticket just to make sure I win. But I never know that winning was so easy until the day I meant the spell caster online which so many people has talked about that he is very great in casting lottery spell, . so I decide to give it a try.I contacted this great Dr and he did a spell and he gave me the winning lottery numbers. But believe me when the draws were out I was among winners. I win 20,000 million Dollar. Dr. Osibeme truly you are the best,with these great Dr you can win millions of money through lottery.I am so very happy to meet these great man now, I will be forever be grateful to you dr. Email him for your own winning lottery numbers dr.osibeme@outlook.com Thanks for reading. Millicent Carter.
Ursula LeGuin|I named you once, I think," he said, and then strode to his house and entered, bearing the bird still on his wrist.
Dove Cameron|I don't want people to see me fall. I mean, I got enough people cheering for me to fall now... The Internet has created some amazing place for evil to exist, you dig?
Annie Ilonzeh|I really don't care what people think of me. I've got my family. I've got my friends. Yes, I have been trained to be a little more aggressive if I need to be, but I don't go around thumping people.
Sarah Brownlee|Anyone who crawls up from the gutter and makes something of themselves, despite the odds and despite others who tried to keep them down, must always be very proud of their achievements. They must never forget the struggles they went through, because they are a living example to those who wander in darkness, a staunch reminder that light is within reach if they can find the strength and determination to keep going.
Susan Sontag|If literature has engaged me as a project, first as a reader, then as a writer, it is as an extension of my sympathies to other selves, other domains, other dreams, other territories.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What makes Christians different from everyone else is that God Himself lives within them by His Holy Spirit. When we come to Christ and give our lives to Him, God actually takes up residence within us.
VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis|The art of betrayal has not taught me to be bitter, but to not so easily misplace trust.
Solange Knowles|I feel friendship towards philosophers, but towards sophists, teachers of literature, or any other such kind of godforsaken people, I neither feel friendship now, nor may I ever do so in the future.
Tupac Shakur|I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.
Deyth Banger|We should know who they are," I said, "before we kill them. That's just being polite.
Roshan Sharma|Make your paradise here on earth, your own little paradise
Gro Harlem Brundtland|Without international participation, jobs and emissions will simply shift overseas to countries that require few, if any, environmental protections, harming the global environment as well as the U.S. economy.
C.C. Campbell, The Stolen Light of Women: A Quest for Spiritual Truth Beyond Religion|I have worn my heart on my sleeve because it is too painful to carry it inside my chest.When I carry it on my sleeve, it has the freedom to exist, to beat in rhythm with the Universe.I feel like I'm more alive and yes, there are those who out of curiosity will say or do things that can cause its delicate existence to feel pain and sorrow.I would rather deal with that, than to put it back in its little cage where it knows nothing else but the rhythm of my body and my Ego.My heart was never meant to be part of my Ego.My heart was meant to experience the Soul.
Colleen Houck|Is it really you this time, Kells?”“Well, I’m no maggoty corpse, if that’s what you mean.”He grinned. “That’s a relief. No maggoty corpse would be that sarcastic.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|To those who, in spite of everything, still choose goodness.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you stop giving, you stop the stream of abundance.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|It had become their creation, and they all would know it.
Lauren Willig|But that initial, comet-blazing-across-the-sky, Big Idea is only the beginning. Each book is composed of a mosaic of thousands of little ideas, ideas that invariably come to me at two in the morning when my alarm is set for seven.
Howard Jacobson, J|To re-establish man at the heart of his destiny is, they claim, to repudiate all ethics. However, far from God's absence authorizing all license, the contrary is the case, because man is abandoned on the earth, because his acts are definitive, absolute engagements. He bears the responsibility for a world which is not the work of a strange power, but of himself, where his defeats are inscribed, & his victories as well.
Graham Roumieu|What man art thou that, thus bescreened in night,So stumblest on my counsel?*Who are you? Why do you hide in the darkness and listen to my private thoughts?*
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|In the end we all come to be cured of our sentiments. Those whom life does not cure death will. The world is quite ruthless in selecting between the dream and reality, even where we will not. Between the wish and the thing the world lies waiting. I've thought a great deal about my life and my country. I think there is little that can be truly known. My family has been fortunate. Others were less so. As they are often quick to point out.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|This is an orchestration for an event. For a dance in fact. The participants will be apprised of their roles at the proper time. For now it is enough that they have arrived. As the dance is the thing with which we are concerned and contains complete within itself its own arrangement and history and finale there is no necessity that the dancers contain these things within themselves as well. In any event the history of all is not the history of each nor indeed the sum of those histories and none here can finally comprehend the reason for his presence for he has no way of knowing even in what the event consists. In fact, were he to know he might well absent himself and you can see that that cannot be any part of the plan if plan there be.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Look, you are my father and I love you. I will always love you. But that love is not an all or nothing proposition. Brianna is my wife. Will and Gianni are my sons. You are all my family, but if you push me, Father, if you force me to choose between you and them you will not like the choice I make. You are never to treat William the way you did today, ever. Am I making myself clear?” “Is that a threat, Alessandro?” Bernardo asked, his voice cold. Bree felt her body stiffen with nervous tension. Her heart was racing, both with nervousness and joy that Alessandro wasdrawing a line in the sand with his father and that he was sticking up for them over Bernardo. “Remember, Father, you raised me. You raised me to be a Dardano. That’s who I am and I’m sure you know exactly what that means.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is important, but who you are in your heart defines you better.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I realize more than ever that this ministry has been a team effort. Without the help of our prayer partners, our financial supporters, our staff, and our board of directors—this ministry and all of our dreams to spread the Good News of God’s love throughout the world would not have been possible.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Children can be disgusting, and often they can develop extraordinary talents, but I’m yet to meet any child who can stimulate his carotid arteries inside his ribcage.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man in the Arena: Selected Writings|Character must show itself in the man'sperformance both of the duty he owes himself and of the duty he owes the state.The man's foremast duty is owed to himself and his family; and he can do thisduty only by earning money, by providing what is essential to material wellbeing;it is only after this has been done that he can hope to build a highersuperstructure on the solid material foundation; it is only after this has beendone that he can help in his movements for the general well-being. He must pullhis own weight first, and only after this can his surplus strength be of use to thegeneral public. It is not good to excite that bitter laughter which expressescontempt; and contempt is what we feel for the being whose enthusiasm tobenefit mankind is such that he is a burden to those nearest him; who wishes todo great things for humanity in the abstract, but who cannot keep his wife incomfort or educate his children.
Lorenzo Victory, Anything Is Possible: Thought-Provoking Quotes to Inspire Your Mind|In order to show your best skills and talents-you must share them, or no one will ever know they exist- Lorenzo Victory
Eric Arvin, Another Enchanted April|The longest piece of literature I've read lately was a tattoo on this biker I picked up last night. It said, If you're this close, you've gotta suck it.
Karen A. Baquiran|We are with ourselves 24/7, so we should try to treat ourselves with the most kindness, love and respect.
Sarah Thornton, Seven Days in the Art World|Although the art world is frequently characterised as a classless scene where artists from lower-msddle-class backgrounds drink champagne with high-priced hedge-fund managers, scholarly curators, fashion designers and other "creatives," you'd be mistaken if you thought the world was egalitarian or democratic. Art is about experimenting with ideas, but it is also about excellence and exclusion. In a society where everyone is looking for a little distinction, it's an intoxicating combination.
Daniel Ionson, And the Truth Shall Make You Flee: Confronting the Truth-Seekers' Fears and Failures|Real life issues are not mathematical equations. We’re not calculators crunching numbers. We’re humans sorting through complex, multi-layered issues, and we’re doing so while enduring the (sometimes profound) personal effects of our conclusions. While we want to be reasonable, we are inexorably pulled in the direction of our oldest mental habits and by our deepest life-impacting needs. We’re repelled by those ideas which can jeopardize our comfort, safety, and happiness. We can try to be fair, but all the while we are fighting against our needs and fears. There are things we don’t want to be true (or false). Our lives are built on certain beliefs which, if disproved, could wreck us. These are the truths that we 'can’t handle'.
Alexa Riley, Shielding Lily|She ceased to breathe. When he leaned forward and his lips fluttered against hers, her footing became unsteady and she stumbled. He placed a hand on her lower back to steady her and pulled her close. Her breasts met his hard torso and she became aware at how frantically her heart beat. She wrapped her arms around his neck and lost herself in the kiss as their lips met. They explored each other with a sort of fascination, mouth and tongues claiming each other in their hunger. Delicately at first, as if not sure this was real or just a fantasy, and then strong and unyielding. Demanding this moment to never end.
Chirag Tulsiani|Life is similar to a bus ride.The journey begins when we board the bus. We meet people along our way of which some are strangers, some friends and some strangers yet to be friends. There are stops at intervals and people board in.At times some of these people make their presence felt, leave an impact through their grace and beauty on us fellow passengers while on other occasions they remain indifferent.But then it is important for some people to make an exit, to get down and walk the paths they were destined to because if people always made an entrance and never left either for the better or worse, then we would feel suffocated and confused like those people in the bus, the purpose of the journey would lose its essence and the journey altogether would neither be worthwhile nor smooth.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Son: Father, you are my father. You sired me. I have sired no one because I left the primordial. I left you, I studied, I suffered, and my visions were pure. Before me, my father, new horizons were opened.Father: Yes, I am your father. I sired you and nowhere did I go. Where I was in the beginning, there I remained. I dwell in the old home, my estate is as it was. I spawned, I lived with your mother. Then I lived with peasant women and girls, spawning. I surrounded myself with chickens, roosters, turkeys. My poultry lay dozens of eggs a day. But I studied nothing, never did I suffer. My horizons remain the same, oh just the same. These spaces, ancient, veritably Russian, assembled around us are all — all just the same.("Adam")
Alison Gopnik|Asking questions is what brains were born to do, at least when we were young children. For young children, quite literally, seeking explanations is as deeply rooted a drive as seeking food or water.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|Fuck,” Syn growled. He was still thinking of solutions when he heard something scrape against his doorknob. Something metal was tampering with the lock. If he were anywhere else in the apartment he wouldn’t have heard it, but he was right next to the door, so he could hear someone trying to get in. He instinctually moved to stand in front of Furi, pulling his Sig from its holster and unlocking the safety. He felt Furi tensing behind him.He could hear the tool manipulating the lock mechanism. Is this bastard really fuckin’ brave enough to break into my home in broad goddamn daylight? Syn was in awe at the size of this guy’s balls. The closet door was arm's length away. He yanked it open and grabbed the blanket off the top shelf, pulling his loaded twelve-gauge shotgun down just as the door eased open. All Syn could see was the tip of a black boot. Furi griped his shoulder. “Hey. Listen to this!” Syn yelled out. He put the stock of the gun firmly against his shoulder and pulled the pump back in two extremely swift moves. The sound was extremely loud and intimidating in the quiet room, by far the scariest sound an intruder could hear.“Don’t shoot, Dirty Harry.” The irritating chuckle that followed was unmistakable.“Son of a bitch,” Syn grumbled. “Day, have you lost your fuckin’ mind?”His Lieutenants came all the way through the door, Day laughing at the pissed look on Syn's face and Furi leaning on the wall behind him recovering from a panic attack. “Syn. What the hell is going on man? Are you really gonna put a buckshot in someone you think is breakin’ into your little-ass apartment? Because, you do know that that’s excessive force, right?” God asked, looking at him expectantly.“I was just scaring them off. No one comes in after hearing that sound, trust me.” Syn removed the shell and placed the gun back in the closet, covering it with the blanket. He turned to look at Furi. He looked a little pale but he was okay.Syn spun back around, “Day. Knock on my damn door like a normal visitor and wait for me to say come in!”Day pfftd, plopping down on the couch. “You don’t invite the wind. The wind just–”“Stop saying that stupid wind bullshit. Because if your door is shut and you weather guard that bitch then the wind stays the fuck out until ... You. Open. The. Door.” Syn’s dark eyes bored into Day’s hazel ones.God’s laugh was raspy, while Day looked bewildered. “But we’re family.”“Oh for fuck’s sake,” Syn grumbled, he had to get going; he had no time to explain to Day about how to behave in civilized society. He turned serious eyes back on Furi. “I gotta go, but I really think–”Furi pulled Syn to him before he could finish the sentence, kissed him hard on the mouth before turning, heading to the bedroom. “Just concentrate on your job and don’t take any officers away from their assignments to follow me. There could be someone out there who really needs their help.”Syn didn’t get to say anything else because Furi had closed the bedroom door. End of discussion.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|When it came to adults, it was better not to talk. They had a way of hearing one thing and processing it as something else. No reason to give them an excuse to hurt you.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|No parson in the world ever pictured heaven so beautifully as they did, in their innocent talk
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|But I am, personally, not a gambler. I wouldn’t spend £1 on the lottery, let alone take a punt on a pregnancy. The stakes are far, far too high. I can’t agree with a society that would force me to bet on how much I could love under duress.
Jennifer Hillman, "Words of the Heart"|Breathe and Be RebornInto the LightnessOf your Heart and Inner Truths.Speak...in the Silence of Dreams,Knowing the wordsBring the peace into your Soul.Radiant the Love that is your True Selfand Again...Be Reborn.
Jiten Bhatt|There are a thousand reasons to blame others for your failure, but none of them will give you success, The only way to succeed in future is by taking responsibility of your present failure.
Sahana Epari|We have to harden our hearts and think of the greater good.""The plan is, our exposure to her is supposed to purify us. But it seems more like her exposure to us is diminishing her.
Anne Bishop, Heir to the Shadows|We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.
Henri Nouwen|People eat duck and you think, well, we've got loads of chickens, leave the ducks alone!
Terry Brooks, Witch Wraith|Anyway, that's the past, and what matters is the future. That's how life works, because it's short and precious and kind of doubtful.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|In WASP families, if you don't get along with someone, you have as little to do with them as possible. In Jewish families, you move next door, to make them as miserable as possible.
Dhirubhai Ambani, Against All Odds: A Story Of Courage, Perseverance And Hope|Do not let fear keep you on the sidelines. Your number has been called, get in the game! It is your time to shine.
William Faulkner, Absalom, Absalom!|If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|The beginning of wisdom, as they say. When you're seventeen you know everything. When you're twenty-seven if you still know everything you're still seventeen.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|I traded in myfreedom fora needy, whinyand defiantfour-year-old,a junky girlfriend,and a relationshipriddled withsomeone else’sproblemsNow, I stareout of openwindows likea wild mustangcraving openfieldsI clench mycrotch, wheremy ballsused to be,and I hum aloathsome tune,like an out-of-work castratowho’s realized his dreams of someday having his own familyare gone
Jose Rizal|I stated that Hiroshima and Nagasaki are 'among the most unspeakable crimes in history.' I took no position on just where they stand on the scale of horrors relative to Auschwitz, the bombing of Chungking, Lidice, and so on.
Darren Shan, Lord Loss|No one cares how long you kept yourself virgin and how loyal you are, everyone is looking for a hole to play with.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|But change proves that you are still alive. Change often measures our tolerance for folk different from ourselves. Can we accept their languages, their customs, their garments, and their foods into our own lives? If we can, then we form bonds, bonds that make wars less likely. If we cannot, if we believe that we must do things as we have always done them, then we must either fight to remain as we are, or die
Ashley Montagu|The indifference, callousness, and contempt that so many people exhibit toward animals is evil first because it results in great suffering towards animals, and second because it results in an incalculably great impoverishment of human spirit.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Take a moment, right now, and consider the enormity of activity going on inside of you – from the billions of cells to the even more billions of microscopic organisms. And in that same moment consider the enormity of activity in the oceans, the forests, the jungles, the earth below your feet, right now. And before you take your next breath, consider what might be going on in the outer regions of the universe. Finally, ask yourself, am I really in a position to discount possibilities beyond the limits of my conscious experience?
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|His voice was low, and I think he would've been hot if he weren't radiating that air of "I Am Super Evil--No, Really--And Not In The Sexy Way.
Norman Mailer, The Naked and the Dead|They swallowed, tasted their tongues, sucked their lips, and there was a far-away look in their eyes. Mack peered into his empty glass as though some holy message were written in the bottom. And then he raised his eyes. “You can’t say nothin’ about that,” he said. “They don’t put that in bottles.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|In other words, The­ol­ogy is prac­ti­cal: espe­cially now. In the old days, when there was less edu­ca­tion and dis­cus­sion, per­haps it was pos­si­ble to get on with a very few sim­ple ideas about God. But it is not so now. Every­one reads, every­one hears things dis­cussed. Con­se­quently, if you do not lis­ten to The­ol­ogy, that will not mean that you have no ideas about God. It will mean that you have a lot of wrong ones — bad, mud­dled, out-of-date ideas. For a great many of the ideas about God which are trot­ted out as novel­ties to-day are simply the ones which real The­olo­gians tried cen­turies ago and rejected.
Jean Oram, Champagne and Lemon Drops|Like waking up in our home one night to find ourselves in a blazing fire, we must be arsonists of emotion, forcing ourselves to grab only what is truly important to us before our life-rafters collapse in on us and we can no longer escape alive.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|The Virtue and unpretentiousness of the wise man, which I am talking about, goes unnoticed because of its transparent ordinariness.
Matt Haig, The Humans|It is our reaction that creates stress and this we can change"This book will start you on a journey that will give you the ability to handleany difficult customer with ease. In order to feel no stress we all have to go through many instances of being stressed, so we can learn one step at a time to be free of it.
John Marsden, Tomorrow, When the War Began|If you really want to be a rebel get a job, cut your grass, read your bible, and shut up. Because no one is doing that.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|He's part of my family.""You don't have a family, Ella."Although I had made similar comments in the past, it rankled to hear him say it. "We're individuals bound by a pattern of reciprocal obligation," I said. "If a group of chimps in the Amazon can be called a family, I think the Varners qualify.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|Don't go overboard in praising required behavior: 'We have only done our duty' (Luke 17:10). But do go overboard when your child confesses the truth, repents honestly, takes chances, and loves openly. Praise the developing character in your child as it emerges in active, loving, responsible behavior.
Tom Perrotta|The passion for such children contains no ego motive of anticipated reciprocity; one is choosing against, in the poet Richard Wilbur's phrase, 'loving things for reasons'. You find beauty and hope in the existence, rather than the achievements, of such a child. Most parenthood entails some struggle to change, educate and improve one's children; people with multiple severe disabilities may not become anything else, and there is a compelling purity in parental engagement not with what might or should or will be, but with, simply, what is.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|With that, I took a deep breath and leapt; spreading my arms, pretending I could fly . . .
Oscar Wilde|Journalism is unreadable, and literature is unread.
Marilynne Robinson|The library at home when she was child had been her refuge. She gravitated to it. When she was anxious, just taking a book of a shelf calmed her. Opening the cover, feeling the paper’s smoothness, smelling the sheets, the leather, even sometimes the ink, centered her.
Joseph Wood Krutch|Families, particularly, tend to be the ones that you take the most for granted. They seem to slip under the radar, all those important things - it almost becomes second nature to do so.
Guy de Maupassant, Bel-Ami|Summer, dropping so easily a delicious everything upon your skin and lips. Like a never-ending kiss—taunting, deep, and luscious. The sun. The heat. The thousand echoes of a timelessness before time, when every day seems longer than the next and no day seems likely to ever truly end. Summer.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Tai tapped his left nostril. 'You know what this is, Nakkoo? It's the place where the outside world meets the world inside you.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|As I go off into the big black abyss of my future, I have to admit that I am terrified and also a bit insecure in my decisions. But, I also realize that anyone who has ever gone off into uncharted waters must have felt similar to the way I feel now, which gives me a small ounce of comfort. I don’t know how to do what I am doing, I have no way of knowing if this is the right way or not. But I guess I’ll never know until I get there. So, this is me, being a pioneer.
Ariel Sharon|The man who can centre his thoughts and hopes upon something transcending self can find a certain peace in the ordinary troubles of life, which is impossible to the pure egoist.
John Stuart Mill, A System of Logic, Ratiocinative and Inductive: Being a Connected View of the Principles of Evidence and the Methods of Scientific Investigation|But the sheep had taught him something even more important: that there was a universal language in the world that everyone understood, a language the boy had used throughout the time that he was trying to improve things at the shop. It was the language of enthusiasm, of things accomplished with love and purpose, and as part of a search for something believed in and desired.
Rahul Kumar|The mind grows by taking in, but the heart grows by giving out.
Sade Andria Zabala|End of the SummerIt was end of the summerAnd my heart was brokenbut i was smiling, laughing, making jokesLike there was nothing bleeding insideAs always.
Timothy Norr|Sometimes when the world goes dark, and everyone turns their backs on you, just look the sky to see light, and follow the stars to paradise
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Toxic people sell you short. When you listen to them, you give them power, that’s when you sell yourself short.
Mark Slouka, Essays from the Nick of Time: Reflections and Refutations|I was raised to be ashamed of my ignorance, and to try to do something about it if at all possible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What I truly desire to do, I shall dare attempt.
Lidiya K., This Moment|Our heads are full of comparisons, needs for approval and attention, a desire to be at other places, imagining things could be better there and thus hating our reality.We are the only ones to blame for our own suffering.We hurt ourselves every time we think of how other people should behave according to our standards and then suffer when they appear to be individuals; every time we open a book with so many expectations about it from what we’ve heard and hoped it to be, and then close it in disappointment, realizing it’s something totally different (maybe beautiful, inspiring and challenging, but nothing that met our expectations).
Robert Duff, Hardcore Self Help: F**k Anxiety|I'm allowed to male mistakesI'm allowed to feel good sometimesAnxiety is my bitchI don't like these feelings, but they won't hurt meI'm going to be alright
Amy Chua|I used to look at horror movies as being really real and it would totally freak me out and give me nightmares. Now I watch and think, 'whoa how'd they do that?'
John Calvin|men are undoubtedly more in danger from prosperity than from adversity. for when matters go smoothly, they flatter themselves, and are intoxicated by their success
Muktinath Vishwakarma|The ability to heal does not make one good any more than the ability to kill makes one evil. Kill the right people, and you become a hero. Heal the wrongs ones, and you become a villain. It is our choices that define us, not our abilities
Shannon L. Alder|There are just two directions in life, the one which is safe but boring, and the other which is delicate but exciting. Now ask yourself, which path will you go?
Shawn Lukas|Once an artist painted on a huge canvas - the skies;The sun, the landscapes and everything that was nice.To complete the masterpiece into the frame He came-And that is how, You, I and all life on earth became.The same God that performed this miraculous feat,One can reach by closing eyes and feeling his heart beat.
Anthony Liccione|Let Love Move You...If you can’t stop thinking of her, it’s because her essence has left an imprint on your heart… on your soul...Don’t be afraid of this feeling; be nourished by it...Let it stir your entire being…Let it help release your greatest self...Let it inspire you to be loving… to be respectful… to be romantic… to be intelligent… to be passionate… to be a good listener… to be appreciative…Let this wonderful feeling move you to become a passionate love maker… a ravenous seducer...Do not be afraid of this deep love! Let it reveal the best of you…Let this feeling encourage you to behave in an honest and sincere manner…So that you may be more than a person she would settle for… so that you may be a person she would yearn for.
Annoymous|The number of your antagonists are far more greater than that of your companions, so you have to keep a stone of awareness to mark the boundary line.
Joshua Lederberg|I think computer science, by and large, is still stuck in the Modern age.
Ogwo David Emenike|Every man is the craftsman of his future, whether he hone it himself or allow fate do it.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|If you've ever been homesick, or felt exiled from all the things and people that once defined you, you'll know how important welcoming words and friendly smiles can be.
Adam P. Knave, Stays Crunchy in Milk|Sometimes you don’t lose hope, not because you are hopeful , but there is nothing else to hope for.
Eminem|Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting, now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, sl#t!
Lord Varys|Power is a curious thing. Who lives, Who dies. Power resides where men believe it resides. It is a trick, A shadow on the wall.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|And here is the shocking plot twist: as farmers produced those extra calories, the food industry figured out how to get them into the bodies of people who didn't really want to eat 700 more calories a day.
Callum Illman|Sure, it may be one step forward and two steps back, but after a time with Parkinson's, I've learned that what is important is making that step count; always looking up.
Ronald Reagan|And I wonder how Gage knew this is what my soul has craved. He turns me to face him, his eyes searching. It occurs to me that no one in my life has ever concerned himself so thoroughly with my happiness.
Natalya Vorobyova|An eye for an eye will only make the world bright. Sorry, Mahatma. This is the absolute and only true form of justice.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|God gave the seed, but he wants the fruits back. Pick the seeds up. Plant the best ones. He promised the rain. It will be a bumper harvest!
Deyth Banger|It's not the lies he tells, it's the seductive way in which he persuades you they are not true.
John Mark Green|Who was it that hurt you, stole the light out of your eyes? Cut a hole in your heart and let the love drain dry? Who was so damn careless, to leave you with such scars? Where will you find healing? Right here, within my arms.
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|Light-years away, another starship was also experiencing problems, though perhaps not as severe. The I.S.S. Antares was not a new ship either. Many older ships in the imperial space fleet reaching retirement age were being refitted with more modern equipment to extend their useful lives. Thus, technologically at least, Antares was currently one of the most advanced ships of the Imperial Space Fleet. Unfortunately, she was now also one of the most troubled. This is what the Phoenix refitting program had done to the Antares.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|I had this teacher who kept telling me that if I was ever in a fair fight, someone had made a mistake,” she said
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You do not reduce or eliminate your concerns by crying, shouting or proving you are the victim of whatever happened in your life.
R.J. Scott, The Heart of Texas|There's something very... I don't know; primitive, perhaps, about you, Gurgeh. You've never changed sex, have you?' He shook his head. 'Or slept with a man?' Another shake. 'I thought so,' Yay said. 'You're strange, Gurgeh.' She drained her glass.
Teodor Flonta, A Luminous Future|He thought of his wife, of his son, of his youth. He thought of life. He thought of death and then he thought of life again.
Edward Bulwer-Lytton, The Coming Race|When someone comes along and expresses him or herself as freely as they think, people flock to it. They enjoy it.
Jacob Grimm, Household Stories by the Brothers Grimm|Take me as godfather." The man asked, "Who art thou?" "I am Death, and I make all equal." Then said the man, "Thou art the right one, thou takest the rich as well as the poor, without distinction; thou shalt be godfather." Death answered, "I will make thy child rich and famous, for he who has me for a friend can lack nothing.
H.P. Lovecraft|Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.
Gordon Merrick, The Lord Won't Mind|We are the subject of God's blessing, but He is the source. Anything good in your life came from Him.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|The world is emblematic. Parts of speech are metaphors, because the whole of nature is a metaphor of the human mind.
Anthony Liccione|Like spilled water, once a girl's reputation is ruined, it will never come back
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Our world is made up of a myriad of microcosms, of tiny worlds, each with its own habitues, every one known to the others.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|War destroys people's souls. Most people focus on physical injuries, but the invisible injuries can take a lifetime to heal and affects the lives of generations to come.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|What should we do?", I asked, and I had a pained feeling I thought was the beginning of love. In those early months we clung to each other with a rather silly desperation, because, in spite of everything my mother or Mrs Jordan could say, there was nothing that really prevented us from seeing each other. With imagined tragedy hovering over us, we became inseparable, two halves creating the whole: yin and yang. I was victim to his hero. I was always in danger and he was always rescuing me. I would fall and he would lift me up. It was exhilarating and draining. The emotional effect of saving and being saved was addicting to both of us. And that, as much as anything we ever did in bed, was how we made love to each other: conjoined where my weaknesses needed protection.
Nicole Hamlett, Huntress|Swinging the door open, I took a sip. All of the coffee in the world wouldn't help if more visitors showed up at my door this early in the morning but the caffeine fortification was a bonus. The delivery guy pushed his clipboard at me. I held up my cup and raided my eyebrows.We had an entire conversation in the next seven seconds with our eyes and eyebrows.I told him that I wasn't giving up my coffee for his delivery. He told me that if I'd just sign on the damned dotted line he would get the hell out of here.I replied in turn that if he'd hold the clipboard instead of shoving it at me (I threw in a nod here for good measure), I'd sign the damned line.He finally sighed, turned the clipboard around and held the pen out.I braced the door with my hip, grabbed the pen and scrawled Wilma Flinstone on the paper.
Becky Chambers|That's not the same. What happened to you, to your species, it's... it doesn't even compare.''Why? Because it's worse?'She nodded.'But it still compares. If you have a fractured bone, and I've broken every bone in my body, does that make your fracture go away? Does it hurt you any less, knowing that I am in more pain?''No, but that's
Renzo Piano|All of the songs my grandparents and parents listened to are called boleros - they're all love songs. They're about giving your heart to a person. It's a culture that is so romantic and passionate, and that's something that I'm very proud of. We grew up with nothing, so we just want to live a life full of love.
Ambrose Bierce|Ardor, n. The quality that distinguishes love without knowledge.
Drew Magary, Someone Could Get Hurt: A Memoir of Twenty-First-Century Parenthood|The best parenting strives to educate children in how to live -- enthusiastically, compassionately, without greed, striving for a better world.
Emma Abdullah|Even as a waste disposal site, the world is finite.
Akash B Chandran|[Schulz] came to see that the better part of his shyness was really vanity, or self-centeredness. "Shyness is an illusion," he would say, late in life. "If you get out and do something and talk to people, you don't have to be shy. Shyness is the overtly self-conscious thinking that you are the only person in the world; that how you look and what you do is of any importance.
P. J. O'Rourke|Like many of his fellow skyjackers, 49-year-old Arthur Gates Barkley was motivated by a complicated grievance against the federal government. In 1963, the World War II veteran had been fired as a truck driver for a bakery, after one of his supervisors accused him of harassment.
Peter A. Levine|The symptomatology of PTSD.In PTSD a traumatic event is not remembered and relegated to one's past in the same way as other life events. Trauma continues to intrude with visual, auditory, and/or other somatic reality on the lives of its victims. Again and again they relieve the life-threatening experiences they suffered, reacting in mind and body as though such events were still occurring. PTSD is a complex psychobiological condition.
Brit Marling|By the time of my ninth birthday, I had become a bit of a socialist, as I am said by conservative colleagues to be to this day. I went on within the next few years to volunteer as an envelope stuffer for the American Labor Party, and my political thinking has not shifted measurably since that time.
David Nicholls|Yes, I don't believe that the inter-Korean relationship has, quote, 'deteriorated' since I assumed office. Rather I believe that the relationship between the two Koreas is entering into a new phase - a time of transition. And so I think that the North Koreans are trying to see what they can build with this, with my new administration.
Liam Rector|I know at least what I am,' he simply went on; 'the other side of the medal's clear enough. I've not been edifying--I believe I'm thought in a hundred quarters to have been barely decent. I've followed strange paths and worshipped strange gods; it must have come to you again and again--in fact you've admitted to me as much--that I was leading, at any time these thirty years, a selfish frivolous scandalous life. And you see what it has made of me.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|... I think this Law, by which I am punished, is both unreasonable in itself, and particularly severe... Polly Baker
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|One does not find soulmates.. soulmates 'happen' unannounced in some turn of this deliciously unpredictable journey called life, often when we are not even 'groomed for the occasion
Douglas W. Hubbard, How to Measure Anything: Finding the Value of "Intangibles" in Business|If a measurement matters at all, it is because it must have some conceivable effect on decisions and behaviour. If we can't identify a decision that could be affected by a proposed measurement and how it could change those decisions, then the measurement simply has no value
Nabil TOUSSI|I'll be your blanket, baby. Wrap yourself up in me. Let me give you shelter, in the winter of this world.
Beverly Ovalle, Stealing Hope A Dragon's Fated Heart|Cockroaches, Ari. Humans are like cockroaches.” Crag nodded his head, his eyes twinkling.
Bill Murray|I enjoy going out by myself... always have, always will. I don't have security guards, and, for the most part, I enjoy meeting new people. I see myself as a regular guy who likes playing video games with his nieces and nephews and poker with his family. I don't have an art collection or take exotic vacations. I enjoy being at home.
Daaji|The ultimate experience of being mindful occurs when we forget about everything, even the mindful self and doing. In that mode we are full of energy, utterly self-generated.
Paige Braddock, A New Frontier|I didn't set out to do a gay comic, but given the current political and religious climate in this country, I feel it is important as a gay person, and a Christian, to create stories with humor and honesty.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Temujin watched Borte's ballet, her elegance on the fulcrum of her hips.
Emraan Hashmi|A drawing is essentially a private work, related only to the artist's own needs; a 'finished' statue or canvas is essentially a public, presented work - related far more directly to the demands of communication.
David Deida, Blue Truth: A Spiritual Guide To Life & Death And Love & Sex|If you are waiting for anything in order to live and love without holding back, then you suffer.
Chuck Klosterman, Eating the Dinosaur|She wanted more, more slang, more figures of speech, the bee's knees, the cats pajamas, horse of a different color, dog-tired, she wanted to talk like she was born here, like she never came from anywhere else
D.D. Ayres, Rival Forces|That voice inside his head telling him he’d failed Bria when she needed him most was getting louder every day, but he refused to listen. That wouldn’t help. He never looked back. He couldn’t look back, could only do what he always did: fight his way forward, fight for his future…their future.
Meghan Markle|My wife and I both grew up with parents who were very young. Her mom was, I think, 17 or 18 when she was born; my mom was 15 when I was born. So, as we got older, we started thinking a lot about that - about the time that those people missed because we came along when we did and because they devoted so much of their lives to taking care of us.
Peter S. Beagle, The Folk of the Air|Oh, more people than not have some magic, they just forget about it. Children use it all the time - what do you think jump rope rhymes are, or bouncing ball games, or cat's cradles? Where do you think that girl, Aiffe, draws her power? Because she refuses to forget, that's all it is.
Katie Reus, Breaking Her Rules|This was definitely unchartered territory. Iris wasn't like other women. She was tough, sexy but didn't flaunt it, and she sure as hell didn't give a shit about his money. If anything it seemed to bother her. And now she was busy working as a bodyguard for him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Gospel of peace, must be preach to all people.
Dorothy Denning|Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass|Admit it," He insists. "I was right." "No." I sniff. "You were wrong." sniff. "I'm just crying"-sniff- "cause i'm so happy." My tear take that lie as their cue and start streaming down my cheeks. "Come on, Princess," he says, "You don't need to cry over that loser."  This only makes me cry harder. We both know who the loser is in this scenario. With a muttered curse, Quince wraps his arms around me and squeezes. It feels remarkably like a hug. "Don't cry," he whispers in my ear. "Please." I don't know if it's his soft words or the fact that my face is now hidden by his broad chest, but i just let go. Three years of longing and loving from a distance have built to the breaking point, and i let it out all over his west coast choppers T-shirt. "shhh," He soothes. "He's not worth it.
Gary   Hopkins|The practice of Detachment encourages the positive aspects of your life to become dominant, while providing a clear path for the negative aspects to recede.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|When she walked by the two officers, they didn't recognize her. "Have you seen the luscious bonbon with the golden braids?" She grinned up at them with such impish mischief that they almost forgot their quest for the singer. "She is with her lover," Hannah said. "But she can always handle one or two more." She winked at them. "Go there, through that door." She made her escape while the uniformed hobbledehoys gawked and gaped and finally burst into the dressing room where Franz, the three-hundred-pound juggling strongman, was adjusting his loincloth. "I ought not do it," Hannah said aloud to herself as chaos erupted behind her. "I just can't seem to help myself. it is a shame, really.
Amen Muffler|You might plan how you sleep but you can't plan how you wake up. He who plans how to sleep is a Planer, he who plans out to wake up is a Dreamer.
David Hulon Hood, Soul Interrupted: A Journey of Simple Prayers and Poetry|There is point in your life when you come face to face with the reality that you cannot take another step on your own. For me, I had never experienced that point, but depression brought me there. I have slowly, painfully and continually been confronted by my brokenness. Coming to terms with the fact that I am broken has been at the center of my accepting my being loved.For me, now, there exists a sense of desperate need for what God brings to my spiritual and mental self. Without His voice I cannot cope with the darkness, but with His whisper of "you are My beloved", I can take a step each day away from the chasm. I am broken but not beyond mending, not beyond love. It has been this desperation that has opened a crevice in which I am seeing Him for the first time. He is why my soul can find some peace even when my mind is dark and numb. It is this love that continually has brought me back from the edge of the impostor to the honesty of my broken, inner self
Ursula K. Le Guin|Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one.
Yukio Mishima, Spring Snow|So young and so lethargic! As though he had been born to sit and stare like this. Ever since Kiyoaki had confided in him, Shigekuni, who would have been bright and confident, as befitted such an able young man, had undergone a change. Or rather, the friendship between him and Kiyoaki had undergone a strange reversal. For years, each of them had been extremely careful to intrude in no way on the personal life of the other. But now, just three days before, Kiyoaki had suddenly come to him and, like a newly cured patient transmitting his disease to someone else, had passed on to his friend the virus of introspection. It had taken hold so readily that Honda's disposition now seemed a far better host to it than Kiyoaki's. The first major symptom of the disease was a vague sense of apprehension.
J Gresham Machen|If you're in 'HELL', you're in a bank.If you're in 'HEAVEN', you're on the other side of the counter.Signed....A Goldman Sachs Representative
Virginia Heffernan|Unless you are rich and can convalesce in a sanatorium estate (where visitors came down a tiered, oceanside lawn to found you at your easel) you have to keep going when you're depressed. That means phone calls, appointments errands, holidays, family, friends, and colleagues.
Abbas Kiarostami|There's nothing like a love for our children. I love being a papa, and that's the truth.
Italo Calvino|As a kid in Africa, you were so connected to nature itself because you went farming, watched the moon out at night, observed how the sky was different, and how the birds chanted different songs in the evening and the morning.
Mikhail Lermontov|If I am mad, it is mercy! May the gods pity the man who in his callousness can remain sane to the hideous end!
Evo Morales|As a teacher you can see the difference in kids who have parents who were involved. That difference, by the time these kids get to the third grade, is drastic.
Euginia Herlihy, The Experiences of Life & Prayers|A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|My friend, you are truly yourself alone. God must have broken the mould after turning you out.
Vironika Tugaleva|The unknown...the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought...The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
Jacqueline Woodson, Another Brooklyn|Movies and television may be influencing writers to write more visually, using immediate scenes with specific points of view to put their stories across. But fiction can always accomplish something that visual media will never be able to match....One of the great gifts of literature is that it allows for the expression of unexpressed thoughts: interior monologue.
Paul A. Myers, Paris 1934: Victory in Retreat|Then she stood on tiptoe and kissed him sweetly on the lips, “I promise you a love affair with a sun-bathed Austrian princess beyond anything you imagine—in love, in beauty, in intensity. A love that will power you to the end of our time together. You are going to be a fortunate man, Geoffrey Ashbrook.
Deyth Banger|Sometimes through a smile it can be a lot of pain, but no matter what, mothers love will keep you strong.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him.
Santosh Kalwar|Asia is an entertainment, Europe is a dream, America is an imprisonment and Rest is a nightmare.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|...for every type of idea someone can have - no matter how weird or strange or gross or out there or disturbing - there is at least one person out there who enjoys that kind of idea, and the best part is seeing a book work its way to that person.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|Kids don't always stop to judge or analyze a new experience unless the adults around them react strongly. Otherwise, they just take in the experience and move on to the next one.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|Not all diseases come from bacteria and viruses, Professor. The worst often come from things you cannot see under a microscope. This plant is infested with an aggressive strain of such invisible germs.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|The competency of people you mobilize to work with will determine the output you will receive. As a leader, always look for people who buy into your vision.
Julieanne O'Connor, Spelling It Out for Your Man|Nothing beats effective communication because it clears all doubts, misunderstandings, accusations, rumour, insecurities, gossip, hearsay, etc.
Annie Besant|Strange indeed would it be if all the space around us be empty, mere waste void, and the inhabitants of Earth the only forms in which intelligence could clothe itself.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|You’ll sacrifice for your child in ways you had never imagined. And they’re not exciting and earth shattering ways, either. They’re small, seemingly insignificant gestures that mean the world to them.
Anna Deavere Smith, Talk to Me: Listening Between the Lines|Oh child, your language is so utterly simple and limited that it has the affect of extreme complication.-Aunt Beast
Cyrus S. Poonawalla|Remote villages and communities have lost their identity, and their peace and charm have been sacrificed to that worst of abominations, the automobile.
Robert Owings, Call of the Forbidden Way|if the opponent praises you … you will not believe, you will take it as sarcasm. And, if the opponent curses you and criticizes you, you will not only believe it, you will take it as if he had made a declaration over a notarized stamped paper. So granted and guaranteed.
Ruby Rose|Teaching the history of the British Empire links in with that of the world: for better and for worse, the Empire made us what we are, forming our national identity. A country that does not understand its own history is unlikely to respect that of others.
Brian M. Boyce, Genesis Beginning|When Satan tempted Adam, he was disguised as a serpent; when Satan tempted Jesus, he was not disguised. As we approach the End of the Age, Satan will gradually unmask himself. Matthew 24 and Revelation 13
Warren W. Wiersbe, Why Us?: When Bad Things Happen to God's People|Before the storm, he'd been a man who never met a stranger, never seemed to doubt himself. He could run faster than anyone; there had been joy in his movements, his world was full of possibilities, and he'd stood taller than he actually was. Like a house cat, Mae had once thought privately, who discounted the rumor of tigers.
Sara Shepard, Killer|Here you go, dear."" The corners of Mrs. Colbert's mouth curled up. "You like meat, don't you?"Emily blinked. Was it her, or did that statement seem...loaded? She checked Issac for his reaction, but he was innocently selecting a roll from a wicker basket. "Uh, thanks." Emily said, pulling the platter toward her. She did like meat. The kind you, um, eat.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|Her hand rose to her lips and she stared up at the stars, feeling her heart grow, and grow, and grow.
Pamela Taeuffer|Oh, Troy? He’s no one. He wanted something more from me than I could give.”“Friends with benefits?” Laurie asked, blushing as he said it.“More like frenemies with benefits.
Max Horkheimer|Men were springing up, a black avenging host was slowly germinating in the furrows, thrusting upward for the harvests of future ages. And very soon their germination would crack the earth asunder.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|At times the whole world seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles. Friend, client, child, sickness, fear, want, charity, all knock at once at thy closet door and say,—'Come out unto us.' But keep thy state; come not into their confusion. The power men possess to annoy me I give them by a weak curiosity. No man can come near me but through my act.
Lupe Fiasco|The Israeli government has proved over the past year its commitment to peace, both in words and deeds. By contrast, the Palestinians are posing preconditions for renewing the diplomatic process in a way they have not done over the course of 16 years.
Dada Bhagwan|Chit impurity is due to the relative vision. When the vision becomes real (enlightened), purification of chit occurs.
Vālmīki|i have to love myself more than i love him, in order to leave him.
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|But somewhere in America, between the freeways and the Food-4-Less, between the filling stations and the 5-o-'clock news, behind the blue blinking light coming off the TV, there is a space, an empty space, between us, around us, inside us, that inevitable, desperate, begs to be filled up. And nothing, not shame, not God, not a new microwave, not a wide-screen TV or that new diet with grapefruits, can ever, ever fill it. Underneath all that white noise there's a lack.
Judith Martin|Keeping a secret from my wife is like trying to smuggle daylight past a rooster. Annoyed wife to husband: Can't you just say we've been married twenty-four years instead of "almost a quarter of a century"?
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|What goodness she might hold in her heart had been overshadowed by her actions, again and again, She wasn’t a bad person, but she might was well be.
Koren Zailckas, Smashed: Story of a Drunken Girlhood|I know of other mothers who have children with disabilities,and right away they loved them and decided to ﬁght for them.That isn’t my story.
Brandon McCartney|What others think of us would be of little moment did it not, when known, so deeply tinge what we think of ourselves.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|With domineering hand she moves the turning wheel,Like currents in a treacherous bay swept to and fro:Her ruthless will has just deposed once fearful kingsWhile trustless still, from low she lifts a conquered head;No cries of misery she hears, no tears she heeds,But steely hearted laughs at groans her deeds have wrung.Such is a game she plays, and so she tests her strength;Of mighty power she makes parade when one short hourSees happiness from utter desolation grow.(A Consolation of Philosophy, Book II, translated by V.E. Watts)
Renzo Dante (Saligiare)|If all people were to be judged by 'right and wrong', nobody would be wholly right or wholly wrong - for have not all people 'sinned and fallen from the glory of God'? It seems more than a little unfair that some folks with at least as much 'sin' themselves as any gay or trans person, like to jump up and down and point fingers at other people.
Aaron Sorkin|You know, you grow up with the image of John Travolta being super cool - 'Saturday Night Fever,' Brian De Palma, handsome young god... he, in reality, is a very silly man. And I mean that in a good way. He'll walk around the set talking in little weird voices, making people laugh.
Wallace D. Wattles|You are capable of doing everything you are afraid of doing, If only you would energize and motivate the Magical thing would absolutely happen to you!
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|Everything with me is either worship and passion or pity and understanding. I hate rarely, though when I hate, I hate murderously. For example now, I hate the bank and everything connected with it. I also hate Dutch paintings, penis-sucking, parties, and cold rainy weather. But I am much more preoccupied with loving.
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|In the effort to reach the stars and change the world, make sure you touch a heart and change a life.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ONE HUNDRED ONE WORLD ACCOUNTS in ONE HUNDRED ONE WORD COUNT|There are always messages, even enigmas to be searched, mysteries to be solved in all of my books. I like to puzzle readers, but I do not make so to the point of being so complex that they will lose interest in the plot. And that for me is the essence of every great literature around the world, and that’s been so for ages.(....)Some were inpired by real life characters, some other books I wrote are hybrid fiction/non-fiction, so I pretty much get inspired by people who have lived, and even who are still breathing among us… so don’t get discouraged if I didn’t mention your personality traits yet. I might even have your name over my books, I must some day…
Amy Poehler|Girls, if a boy says something that isn't funny, you don't have to laugh.
Scarlet Wolfe, One Urge|This wasn’t romance. This was a hardcore Master out and out driving her to the upper level of madness, where her body was going to come completely to pieces before he was done. Cruel, but she craved his brand of cruelty.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|And in the silence what followed, I reckon our eyes had some long conversation our mouths could’ve never talked through. Some long, looking talk about things gone and long since said. About cries out in the night and some long ago tangling of limbs. And about them betrayals done time and time again—by both of us—what led to me pointing the Green Man’s rifle at the man what once loved me under the Green Man’s stars.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|What would my first sergeant do if he came across me and another girl getting it on? He'd want pictures. He'd want to join in. He'd want me and this other girl to double-team him right then and there. On the other hand, since most heterosexual men are homophobic and sexist, most straight guys figure gay men will treat them the way they themselves treat women- that is, like sex objects. And this freaks them the fuck out.
Wade Boggs|A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes.
Susan Vreeland, Girl in Hyacinth Blue|That is a terrifically intimate thing, you know? Letting a stranger light your cigarette. Leaning forward so he can hold a flame to your lips. Pausing to breathe in before you pull back again.
Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton|Now, obviously, all old people seem cool whenever we see black-and-white images of their younger selves. It's human nature to inject every old picture with positive abstractions. We can't help ourselves. We all do it. We want those things to be true, because we all hope future generations will have the same thoughts when they come across forgotten photographs of us.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|It is a sweet thing to have someone love you, but it is a far sweeter thing when his actions convince your heart, and his words persuade your soul.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|You—you were like me. You were a child. A normal child. And that was taken from you.”“Does that bother you?”“Well, it certainly makes you harder to hate.
W.H. Auden|He did not look up because he knew how senseless the landscape would appear. It takes energy to invest life with meaning, and at present this energy was lacking.
Saint Patrick|You gotta try your luck at least once a day, because you could be going around lucky all day and not even know it.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Death doesn't exist. It never did, it never will. But we've drawn so many pictures of it, so many years, trying to pin it down, comprehend it, we've got to thinking of it as an entity, strangely alive and greedy. All it is, however, is a stopped watch, a loss, an end, a darkness. Nothing.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|[I]ndeed, one hears, in early Christian theology, as many echoes of Persian dualism as of Hebrew Puritanism or Greek philosophy.
Stephen Kendrick, The Love Dare|Patience gives your spouse permission to be human. It understands that everyone fails. When a mistake is made, it chooses to give them more time that they deserve to correct it. It gives you the ability to hold on during the rough times in your relationship rather than bailing out under the pressure.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If the breath of life is taken, man turn to dust.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Healing comes by three avenues; what one eats, thinks and celebrates.
Brian Greene|Usually, girls weren't encouraged to go to college and major in math and science. My high school calculus teacher, Ms. Paz Jensen, made math appealing and motivated me to continue studying it in college.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I am a sacrifice bound with cords to the horns of the world's rock altar, waiting for worms. I take a deep breath, I open my eyes. Looking, I see there are worms in the horns of the altar like live maggots in amber, there are shells of worms in the rock and moths flapping at my eyes. A wind from no place rises. A sense of the real exults me; the cords loosen: I walk on my way.
Dada Bhagwan|Abhorrence is the cause for conflicts. God has said, ‘Do no abhorrence. If you don’t like it, ignore it’.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Some teachers only teach us and go but some teachers teach us and they leave indelible footprints which continue to teach us forever! Great teachers live and leave distinctive footprints. Great teachers, though they go, their footprints forever live in our minds and inspire the body and the soul in a distinctive way !
Usain Bolt, Faster than Lightning: My Autobiography|Train hard while others don't, so you can win while your opponents wont.
Harry Seidler|My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.
Victor Ladato|You know there is such a things as a door," I whispered. "You should try it some time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I could sum up my younger life in one word.-Misunderstanding. Most of my school life was spend in protection mode. Which made any 'benefit' I could get from socializing, useless.
Stan Slap|Management controls performance in people because it impacts skills; it’s a matter of monitoring, analyzing and directing.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|He slid a finger inside her, making her breath catch. She was tingling all over again, already wanting more. "This is all for me." There was a possessive note in his words that made her clench around his finger.	"Yes," she whispered.	And that made something dark flare in his gaze before he captured her mouth in a frenzied mating. One thing she was sure of, they wouldn't be getting to sleep for a while.
K. Lee Lerner, Government, Politics, and Protest: Essential Primary Sources|I have always believed there is great value in studying the flaws of mankind and men —even fictional characters. All of us are flawed. All of us are diminished by some form of prejudice and bias. If a fictional character is to be realistic, he must struggle with imperfections and weaknesses.
Nikki Rowe|disregard the opinions of those you don't aspire to be, that's the first step to finding your own two feet.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|therein lies the power of culture: it redeems horror by transforming it into existential wisdom. If the spirit of the trial succeeds in annihilating this century's culture, nothing will remain of us but a memory of its atrocities sung by a chorus of children.
Gwenda Bond, Double Down|I didn't like showing weakness, not to anybody.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|There was no outlet, my fear was so deep and tangible I couldn't scream. It felt like an actual substance that enveloped my body, my brain, my very being, I receded further and further within myself, a dark hole, my entire body a taut muscle.
Stephen King, Rose Madder|The concept of dreaming is known to the waking mind but to the dreamer there is no waking, no real world, no sanity; there is only the screaming bedlam of sleep.
Nikki Rowe|I create beautiful art, so I can look back on the life my body fell short of in such a way that it brings me peace.
Mouloud Benzadi|Don't grieve over the past, It's all gone!Don't worry about the future, It may never come! Live in the present, And enjoy every moment.
Louise Nurding|You can always tell folks from nonfolks. Folks like to feel good, like to smile for the camera when there's a big photo opportunity for a really good cause.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|Talvez vocês saibam exatamente o que sonham ser. Ou talvez estejam paralisados, porque não têm ideia de qual é sua paixão. A verdade é que não importa. Não precisam saber. Só precisam continuar seguindo adiante. Só precisam continuar fazendo algo, aproveitar a próxima oportunidade, continuar abertos a tentar algo novo. Não precisam se encaixar em sua visão de emprego perfeito ou de vida perfeita. O perfeito é chato, e sonhos não são reais. Apenas... FAÇAM. Você pensa: “Eu queria poder viajar” — venda a porcaria do carro e compre uma passagem e vá para Bancoque agora mesmo. Estou falando sério. Você diz: “Quero ser escritor” — adivinhe só? Um escritor é alguém que escreve todo dia. Comece a escrever. Ou: Não tem emprego? Consiga um. QUALQUER EMPREGO. Não fiquem sentados em casa esperando pela oportunidade mágica dos sonhos. Quem são vocês? O príncipe William? Não. Arrumem um emprego. Trabalhem. Façam isso até que possam fazer outra coisa.
John Henry Newman, Apologia Pro Vita Sua|In dealing with the arrogant asserter of doubt, it is not the right method to tell him to stop doubting. It is rather the right method to tell him to go on doubting , to doubt a little more, to doubt every day newer and wilder things in the universe, until at last, by some strange enlightenment, he may begin to doubt himself.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|If you really want to remove a cloud from your life, you do not make a big production of it, you just relax and remove it from your thinking. That's all there is to it.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|These were good people and they had been good to us and we had therefore had a good time. To conclude otherwise was frightening, raising the specter of some unnameable quantity without which we could not abide, but which we could not summon on demand, least of all by proceeding in virtuous accordance with an established formula.You regarded redemption as an act of will. You disparaged people (people like me) for their cussedly nonspecific dissatisfactions, because to fail to embrace the simple fineness of being alive betrayed a weakness of character. You always hated finicky eaters, hypochondriacs, and snobs who turned their noses up at Terms of Endearment just because it was popular. Nice eats, nice place, nice folks- what more could I possibly want? Besides, the good life doesn’t knock on the door. Joy is a job. So if you believed with sufficient industry that we had had a good time with Brian and Louise in theory, then we would have had a good time in fact. The only hint that in truth you’d found our afternoon laborous was that your enthusiasm was excessive.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|I had no illusions about you,' he said. 'I knew you were silly and frivolous and empty-headed. But I loved you. I knew that your aims and ideals were vulgar and commonplace. But I loved you. I knew that you were second-rate. But I loved you. It's comic when I think how hard I tried to be amused by the things that amused you and how anxious I was to hide from you that I wasn't ignorant and vulgar and scandal-mongering and stupid. I knew how frightened you were of intelligence and I did everything I could to make you think me as big a fool as the rest of the men you knew. I knew that you'd only married me for convenience. I loved you so much, I didn't care. Most people, as far as I can see, when they're in love with someone and the love isn't returned feel that they have a grievance. They grow angry and bitter. I wasn't like that. I never expected you to love me, I didn't see any reason that you should. I never thought myself very lovable. I was thankful to be allowed to love you and I was enraptured when now and then I thought you were pleased with me or when I noticed in your eyes a gleam of good-humored affection. I tried not to bore you with my love; I knew I couldn't afford to do that and I was always on the lookout for the first sign that you were impatient with my affection. What most husbands expect as a right I was prepared to receive as a favor.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Sorry to disappoint you, parents - but when your kids come out as gay, bi or transgender, it is not about you.
Alyxandra Harvey, My Love Lies Bleeding|Why are you limping like that?' Nicholas demanded.'I'm swaggering,' I informed him.'You look like you're wearing a diaper.'Charming. And I had a crush on this guy.Wait. I had a crush on this guy?'Now what?' he asked. 'You're making weird faces.''Nothing,' I said quickly. 'Never mind.
Somaly Mam, The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine|What you have learned from experience is worth much more than gold. If you have a house it may burn down. Any kind of possession can be lost, but your experience is yours forever. Keep it and find a way to use it.
Stellan Skarsgard|I've always played sport, ever since I was little. I played volleyball and I believe sport teaches you a lot, such as teamwork, respect and discipline.
Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity|Renunciation is dropping the fear, anger, respect, and disrespect but continuously radiating unconditional love for everyone.
Debasish Mridha|Wisdom is better than knowledge, for wisdom is simple but knowledge is complex.
Deyth Banger|You attract only the people, situations and outcomes that you either want or need.
C.K. Walker, Aiden's Spot|Here are the stories written on the Book of Blood. They are a map of that dark highway that leads out of life towards unknown destinations. Few will have to take it, most will go on peacefully along lamplit streets, ushered out of living with prayers and caresses. But for a few, a chosen few, the horrors will come, skipping to fetch them off to the highway of the damned...
David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters|In many ways politics follows culture. As ancient Greek musician Damon of Athens said, ‘Show me the lyric of a nation and it matters not who writes its laws.’ Movies, television, books, magazines, the Internet, and music are incredibly significant in shaping world views and lifestyles of today's America. And Christians are expressing a growing awareness and response to these avenues of influence. Where is God calling you to serve him – media, arts and entertainment, politics, education, church, business, science?
C. JoyBell C.|Today is my thirtieth birthday and I sit on the ocean wave in the schoolyard and wait for Kate and think of nothing. Now in the thirty-first year of my dark pilgrimage on this earth and knowing less than I ever knew before, having learned only to recognize merde when I see it, having inherited no more from my father than a good nose for merde, for every species of shit that flies—my only talent—smelling merde from every quarter, living in fact in the very century of merde, the great shithouse of scientific humanism where needs are satisfied, everyone becomes an anyone, a warm and creative person, and prospers like a dung beetle, and one hundred percent of people are humanists and ninety-eight percent believe in God, and men are dead, dead, dead; and the malaise has settled like a fall-out and what people really fear is not that the bomb will fall but that the bomb will not fall—on this my thirtieth birthday, I know nothing and there is nothing to do but fall prey to desire.
Pablo Neruda, Love Poems|I have named you queen.There are taller than you, taller.There are purer than you, purer.There are lovelier than you, lovelier.But you are the queen.When you go through the streetsNo one recognizes you.No one sees your crystal crown, no one looksAt the carpet of red goldThat you tread as you pass,The nonexistent carpet.And when you appearAll the rivers soundIn my body, bellsShake the sky,And a hymn fills the world.Only you and I,Only you and I, my love,Listen to it.
Charles Bukowski|I carry death in my left pocket. Sometimes I take it out and talk to it: "Hello, baby, how you doing? When you coming for me? I'll be ready.
Ken Starr|I go to an all-Hawaiian school, and we learn everything about being Hawaiian. We have a really deep respect for the water and the land. We say, 'mauka to makai,' mountains to ocean. I believe if you take care of the ocean, the ocean will take care of you in return.
Captain Chief|Trust is like a block of ice, once it melts into the ground, you can never get it back.
Aleksandra Layland, Ansgar: The Struggle of a People. The Triumph of the Heart.|When in doubt, check if your actions are aligned with your purpose.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|Privacy is a protection from the unreasonable use of state and corporate power. But that is, in a sense, a secondary thing. In the first instance, privacy is the statement in words of a simple understanding, which belongs to the instinctive world rather than the formal one, that some things are the province of those who experience them and not naturally open to the scrutiny of others: courtship and love, with their emotional nakedness; the simple moments of family life; the appalling rawness of grief. That the state and other systems are precluded from snooping on these things is important - it is a strong barrier between the formal world and the hearth, extended or not - but at root privacy is a simple understanding: not everything belongs to everyone.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|In the world according to Garp, we are all terminal cases
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Doesn’t matter if you can dream it or not, all that matters is if you can begin it or not? Take that first step.
Isabel Wolff, A Vintage Affair|What I really love about them... is the fact that they contain someone's personal history...I find myself wondering about their lives. I can never look at a garment... without thinking about the woman who owned it. How old was she? Did she work? Was she married? Was she happy?... I look at these exquisite shoes, and I imagine the woman who owned them rising out of them or kissing someone...I look at a little hat like this, I lift up the veil, and I try to imagine the face beneath it... When you buy a piece of vintage clothing you're not just buying the fabric and thread - you're buying a piece of someone's past.
Ron Baratono|Seeking revenge is like reaching out for your own personal turmoil, it's never worth it. Righteousness will always come through Jesus Christ.
Darlene Love|Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|In 35 years, 50 percent of our population will live in our cities. Most other countries will be in a similar situation. We need to start preparing now to ensure everyone has the opportunity to live meaningful lives, and our cities are places that will allow that to happen.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree is naked, no matter how big, if it does not have leaves.
Tony Visconti|He was just trying to tease me - I knew that later - but he said he'd have to leave because it wasn't fair to have anyone in the room who was going to make fun of what he had to say. He had a good sense of humor, really.
Pamela Meyer|I remember my mom threatening me, half-serious: 'You know what? I should take you to Pittsburgh and put you in dance lessons just to keep you occupied.' Well, that brought everything to a screeching halt. 'Jeeze, dance lessons.' In retrospect, it would have been awesome, but then, 'Ugh, dancing - dancing's for sissies.'
Lorraine Hansberry|Gestures, in love, are incomparably more attractive, effective and valuable than words.
Celia Rivenbark, Bless Your Heart, Tramp: And Other Southern Endearments|I really loathe [the bumper sticker] 'Proud Parent of a Terrific Kid!'Why not a bumper sticker for the unlucky parents, something like: 'My Fifteen-Year-Old's in Detox and Not Speaking to Any of Us' or 'My Kid Robbed a 7-Eleven and is in a Center for Youthful Offenders.
V.C. Andrews, Into the Garden|Growing up is difficult. Strangely, even when we have stopped growing physically, we seem to have to keep on growing emotionally, which involves both expansion and shrinkage, as some parts of us develop and others must be allowed to disappear...Rigidity never works; we end up being the wrong size for our world.
Gloria Stuart|When I was little I thought, isn't it nice that everybody celebrates on my birthday? Because it's July 4th.
Wilkie Collins|Shall I confess it, Mr. Hartright? I sadly want a reform in the construction of children. Nature's only idea seems to be to make them machines for the production of incessant noise.
Debasish Mridha|216This comprehension of our own personal misery makes us equally understanding of the misery of others. How can one who is really convinced of his own frailty, weakness, and inconstancy, dare to condemn others?
Elaine  White, The Other Side|Konnor said a silent prayer and made his move. He slid his hand over the curve of Grayson's neck and took the gigantic leap into the unknown. He kissed him.A few braincells died the moment Grayson kissed him back. Then a few more, when those perfect lips he'd been admiring for the last six months opened beneath his kiss.He kissed Grayson the way he'd always wanted to kiss him, teasing those parted lips with a lick of appreciation before slipping his tongue into his mouth. A tongue brushed his and he moaned at the little shots of pleasure that coursed through his whole body.Kissing Grayson was better than any sex with Tam. Just as he'd always known it would be. He had always found kissing to be such an intimate thing, so delicious and nerve shattering. No physical thing could say what a kiss could; not in his mind.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
karah louis|I know everything of what i know, but of what i dont know i know nothing
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|It is hope--with regard to our careers, our love lives, our children, our politicians, and our planet--that is primarily to blame for angering and embittering us. The incompatibility between the grandeur of our aspirations and the mean reality of our condition generates the violent disappointments which rack our days and etch themselves in lines of acrimony across our faces.
Bernadette Peters|Another way of judging the value of a prophet's religious experience, therefore, would be to examine the type of manhood that he has created, and the cultural world that has sprung out of the spirit of his message.
Madonna|I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a bitch, okay.
Vanzetti|I sought my liberty and the liberty of all, my happiness and the happiness of all. I wanted a roof for every family, bread for every mouth, education for every heart, light for every intellect. I am convinced that human history has not yet begun, that we find ourselves in the last period of the prehistoric. I see with the eyes of my soul how the sky is diffused with the rays of the new millennium.
Britney Spears|I Know not everyone will like me, but this is who I am So if you don't like it, Tough!
Linda Howard, Drop Dead Gorgeous|Typical of Hell, thought Chen: overdone and ostentatious and overwhelming, designed to cow an already beaten populace."Wow" he said. The demon grinned sympathetically."It is a bit excessive, isn't it?""Who does it belong to?""My employer is the First Lord of Banking. Head of the Ministry of Wealth.
Anne Elisabeth Stengl, Shadow Hand|I tell them: don’t depend on a woodsman in the third act. I tell them: look for sets of three, or seven. I tell them: there’s always a way to survive. I tell them: you can’t force fidelity. I tell them: don’t make bargains that involve major surgery. I tell them: you don’t have to lie still and wait for someone to tell you how to live. I tell them: it’s all right to push her into the oven. She was going to hurt you. I tell them: she couldn’t help it. She just loved her own children more. I tell them: everyone starts out young and brave. It’s what you do with it that matters. I tell them: you can share that bear with your sister. I tell them: no-one can stay silent forever. I tell them: it’s not your fault. I tell them: mirrors lie. I tell them: you can wear those boots, if you want them. You can lift that sword. It was always your sword. I tell them: the apple has two sides. I tell them: just because he woke you up doesn’t mean you owe him anything. I tell them: his name is Rumplestiltskin.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It's an imperfect world, so you fit in perfectly.
James Robertson, And the Land Lay Still|Trust the story ... the storyteller may dissemble and deceive, the story can't: the story can only ever be itself.
Octavio Paz, Sunstone/Piedra De Sol|life is other, always there,further off, beyond you andbeyond me, always on the horizon,life which unlives us and makes us strangers,that invents our face and wears it away
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|... and I realise the only way to tell the others is through the way my voice can take these broken wordsand turn it into music. Turn it into poetry.And I sing to make myself come alive, but also for you,because I’d like this to mean something.To not disappear with the dark I will enter one day and so now I will tell.If not for you, then for my own heart,  because it tells me to,and I'm learning to listen.
Wallace Stevens|It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.
H. Kirk Rainer|How can you be a 'Former-Father'? Is it possible to be a father but, because someone or something is determined to illegalize it, being a father becomes a thing of the past? Should you simply consign yourself to be effectively dead to your living children; as though the fact of being their father has somehow been terminated, nullified or otherwise, deemed non-existent? I believe the basic answer to be 'No!
Rebecca Coleman, The Kingdom of Childhood|She looked into Kirsten's eyes and wondered how it is that a soldier fights and a savior suffers, but a woman, in lying down, rules everything.
John Warnock|I think of myself as a Hollywood hillbilly, but I'm sick of all these questions people ask about Alabama. 'Do you have an outhouse?' 'Is there a lot of inbreeding in your family?' They think all Southerners don't have computers and TV sets and that we're all still living in 1862.
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|She closed her eyes, and I closed mine, and even though we weren't holding hands, it felt like we were.Because what we had, we knew.
Tanmaya Guru|I don't like to meet with people smiles, I always like to meet with the pain of people.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|When they passed the centaur king's cell, Volos pointed at Regin and slid his forefinger across his throat.She replied, "Hey, didn't I see you in a donkey show down in Tijuana? No? You've got a twin then--
Peter Hollingworth|There does not seem to be that collegiality I referred to, there seems to be much more of a them versus us attitude, rather than we all have a role to play in this process so let's get on with it.
Jean Zimmerman, Savage Girl|Private ownerships of a ...slave chip is illegal in many polities. It tends to be a government monopoly, much like other forms of violence. But I had fallen among pirates and life insurance underwriters.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|And I ask myself what it is about me that makes this wonderful, beautiful woman return. Is it because I'm pathetic, helpless in my current state, completely dependent on her? Or is it my sense of humour, my willingness to tease her, to joke my way into painful, secret places? Do I help her understand herself? Do I make her happy? Do I do something for her that her husband and son can't do? Has she fallen in love with me?As the days pass and I continue to heal, my body knitting itself back together, I begin to allow myself to think that she has.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Oh, magic hour, when a child first knows she can read printed words.
Edwin A. Abbott|Like vampires and extremely rich people, black folk can sense one another. Use your Spidey Sense (Blacky Sense?). Use your blackdar to inspect the workplace for signs of Other Negroes. They may be working security for the building. They may be in administrative support. They may be among the associate pool, or they may even be in upper management. Black folk can be anywhere. After all, you're here. But one of the biggest mistakes you can make as The Black Employee is to assume you are the only one.
Pope Francis, The Name of God is Mercy|Listening has certainly become a scarce skill, therefore we need ways to enhance this skill especially for the next generation.
Saaif Alam|When people have a controversial opinion about an event or a prominent figure, it can significantly increase conflicts of interests that can result people to be socially excluded who don't share the same perspective as them. The way people can end conflicts of interests is to negotiate their conflicting views and unite in order to establish tranquility.
NightBits|Fail to learn, not the other way around
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|Since ideology, particularly in it's shallower versions, is peculiarly destructive of the capacity to apprehend and appreciate irony, I suggest that the recovery of the ironic might be our fifth principle for the restoration of reading. ... But with this principle, I am close to despair, since you can no more teach someone to be ironic than you can instruct them to become solitary. And yet the loss of irony is the death of reading, and of what had been civilized in our natures.
Theodor Adorno|And that's why I wrote the book, because our country really needs to understand, if people in this nation understood what our foreign policy is really about, what foreign aid is about, how our corporations work, where our tax money goes, I know we will demand change.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|The silences after his last gasp were sung together by a blackbird. I lay there, my eyes unable to close. His were unable to open. I listed the places where I hurt, and how much. My loins felt ripped. Something inside had torn. There were seven places on my body where he had sunk his fangs into my skin and bitten. He'd dug his nails into my neck, and twisted my head to one side, and clawed my face. I hadn't made a noise. He had made all the noise for both of us. Had it hurt him?
Katie Neipris|She’d always pictured her future self as a lone wolf traveling around the world, ensnaring romantic conquests and achieving her wildest and most ambitious goals. She didn’t think that at nineteen she would be so dependent on other people; she pictured herself as an autonomous and untouchable force that occasionally flitted back home to show off her new feathers before flying away to her life that was much more exciting than theirs.
The Tick|The bad, icky and stinky things that happen sometimes should never be allowed to have an adverse effect over the good, lovely and beautiful things happening everyday.
Victor Vasarely|The names of Dingane and Bambata, Hintsa and Makana, Squngthi and Dalasile, Moshoeshoe and Sekhukhuni, were praised as the glory of the entire African nation. I hoped then that life might offer me the opportunity to serve my people and make my own humble contribution to their freedom struggle.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Every morning, I wake up and forget just for a second that it happened. But once my eyes open, it buries me like a landslide of sharp, sad rocks. Once my eyes open, I'm heavy, like there's to much gravity on my heart.
Heidi DuPree, The Other Medicine That Really Works: How Energy Medicine Can Help You Heal in Body, Mind, and Spirit|She felt whatever emotions she felt, but feeling was never a useful substitute for doing, and she never let the former get in the way of the latter. If anything, she used her emotions to motivate her and help her concentrate. The emphasis for her was always on doing what needed to be done.
V.C. Andrews, Heart Song|When I wrote this song I felt pretty unoriginal because everybody writes love songs, and everybody feels like their love is the most important and when their love ends and they get their heart broken, that nobody understands. And…that’s ridiculous, but so am I.
Damon Suede|Love hurts.Think back over romance novels you’ve loved or the genre-defining books that drive our industry. The most unforgettable stories and characters spring from crushing opposition. What we remember about romance novels is the darkness that drives them. Three hundred pages of folks being happy together makes for a hefty sleeping pill, but three hundred pages of a couple finding a way to be happy in the face of impossible odds makes our hearts soar. In darkness, we are all alone.So don’t just make love, make anguish for your characters. As you structure a story, don’t satisfy your hero’s desires, thwart them. Make sure your solutions create new problems. Nurture your characters doubts and despair. Make them earn the happy ending they want, even better…make them deserve it. Delay and disappointment charge situations and validate character growth. Misery accompanies love. It’s no accident that many of the stories we think of as timeless romances in Western Literature are fiercely tragic: Romeo and Juliet, Tristan and Isolde, Cupid and Psyche… the pain in them drags us back again and again, hoping that this time we’ll find a way out of the dark.Only if you let your characters get lost will we get lost in them. And that, more than anything else, is what romance can and should do for its protagonists and its readers: lead us through the labyrinth, skirt the monstrous despair roaming its halls, and find our way into daylight.
Stephen Mosley|At night I lay awake, her likeness casting dark shadows across my soul and senses, and my stomach throbbing away. I imagined her arms around me, lulling me into a phantom bliss, so frustrating, so unreal.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|America's liberal arts universities have long been safe zones for leftist thinking, protected ivory towers for the pseudo-elite who earn their livings writing papers nobody reads about gender roles in the poetry of Maya Angelou.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|You stand for what is right, Lina, without the expectation of gratitude or reward.
Angel Cox, A Day in the Dark|Man can never go backwards, but his past can light the way for his journey.
Stephen Richards|We can all be giants in moments of peace and harmony, but to stay a giant in adversity is the true test of one’s mettle.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|These forays into the real world sharpened his view that scientists needed the widest possible education. He used to say, “How can you design for people if you don’t know history and psychology? You can’t. Because your mathematical formulas may be perfect, but the people will screw it up. And if that happens, it means you screwed it up.” He peppered his lectures with quotations from Plato, Chaka Zulu, Emerson, and Chang-tzu. But as a professor who was popular with his students—and who advocated general education—Thorne found himself swimming against the tide. The academic world was marching toward ever more specialized knowledge, expressed in ever more dense jargon. In this climate, being liked by your students was a sign of shallowness; and interest in real-world problems was proof of intellectual poverty and a distressing indifference to theory.
Paul Rogat Loeb, The Impossible Will Take a Little While: A Citizen's Guide to Hope in a Time of Fear|Those who make us believe that anything’s possible and fire our imagination over the long haul, are often the ones who have survived the bleakest of circumstances. The men and women who have every reason to despair, but don’t, may have the most to teach us, not only about how to hold true to our beliefs, but about how such a life can bring about seemingly impossible social change. 
Simon Holt, Soulstice|Everything goes, everything comes back; eternally rolls the wheel of being. Everything dies, everything blossoms again; eternally runs the year of being. Everything breaks, everything is joined anew; eternally the same House of Being is built. Everything parts, everything greets every other thing again; eternally the ring of being remains faithful to itself. In every Now, being begins; round every Here rolls the sphere There. The center is everywhere. Bent is the path of eternity.
Lisa Kessler, Breath of Passion|He sighed, breaking the eye contact. “I just wanted you to know why I’m cautious. When the divorce was final, I swore I’d never let another woman into my heart. Love made me weak.” He forced himself to look her in the eyes. “I’ve never met anyone like you, and today, I would’ve died for you and wouldn’t have regretted it for a second.
T Jay Taylor|If you're looking for the easy challenge, you're not cut out for success.
Deyth Banger|God, how I hate the fact that I know this stuff. It only proves that it is possible to learn by osmosis.
Yves Behar|For one thing, I am still working as an adviser on fashion, design and colour and stuff.
Carl Sagan, Contact|Let's see if I got this right," she would say to herself. "I've taken an inert gas that's in the air, made it into a liquid, put some impurities in a ruby, attached a magnet, and detected the fires of creation.
Fakeer Ishavardas|As per the law of karma, that which is your meat today, this dear beloved animal will make mincemeat of you tomorrow. In another birth.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Don’t just do the obvious and predictable stuff, be remarkable!
Sarah Dessen|I wasn’t ready to think about the other yet: that it wasn’t that I wasn’t right for Macon, but that maybe he wasn’t right for me. There was a difference. Even for someone who things didn’t come easy for, someone like me.
George Kotsiopoulos|I've also just finished filming the role of Robert Brown in 'Just William,' which is due to transmit on BBC One at Christmas.
Dean Koontz, Winter Moon|Every society needs heroes. And every society has them. The reason we don't often see them is because we don't bother to look.There are two kinds of heroes. Heroes who shine in the face of great adversity, who perform an amazing feat in a difficult situation. And heroes who live among us, who do their work unceremoniously, unnoticed by many of us, but who make a difference in the lives of others.Heroes are selfless people who perform extraordinary acts. The mark of heroes is not necessarily the result of their action, but what they are willing to do for others and for their chosen cause. Even if they fail, their determination lives on for others to follow. The glory lies not in the achievement, but in the sacrifice.
Debasish Mridha|Let us all love each other. Every morning, let us sing a song of peace together.
James F. White, Protestant Worship|When you or your closed ones face danger, you'd tend to get closer to God and be good.
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Undead Next Door|I’ve got more faith in my shotgun than any man, that’s for sure.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|I challenge you to find a more innocuous sentence containing the words sperm, suction, swallow, and any homophone of seaman. And then call me up on the homophone and read it to me.
Jason Clarke|If my dad was alive, I wouldn't have gone to boarding school, and I wouldn't have had the success I've had.
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|Have you ever felt your destiny unfolding, beloved? Have you experienced the intensity of the hunt, the fixation of attention that only fate can explain? Have you ever told yourself your feelings wereexcessive, but known that something huge and pivotally important was carrying you along like a riptide? You can fight that current all you want; you know it will still have its way with you. Or you cantry swimming along with it, and grow amazed by your own power—until you pause and realize that you aren’t moving but being moved. You’re not in control, not at all, and that’s what makes the feeling soexquisitely exciting.
Hugh Howey, Beacon 23|Where's the everlasting peace? Is there even such a thing? Or do we war like alien races war, eternally, against ourselves?
Franz Rottensteiner, The Fantasy Book: An Illustrated History From Dracula To Tolkien|Many of the best fantastic stories begin in a leisurely way, set in commonplace surroundings, with exact, meticulous descriptions of an ordinary background, much as in a 'realistic' tale. Then a gradual - or it may be sometimes a shockingly abrupt - change becomes apparent, and the reader begins to realize that what is being described is alien to the world he is accustomed to, that something strange has crept or leapt into it. This strangeness changes the world permanently and fundamentally.
Kedar Joshi|History is orphan. It can speak, but cannot hear. It can give, but cannot take. Its wounds and tragedies can be read and known, but cannot be avoided or cured.
Jaclyn A. Wilson, Unjust Cause|She could almost feel him prodding her; urging her to go on. As the wails of pain and torment assulted her ears, she knew that's exactly what she would do until the war was over and she could crawl into a quiet, dark corner and mourn for the part of her that had died with him.
Abraham Lincoln|If any man ceases to attack me, I never remember the past against him.
Scarlett Finn|Can I quote myself...? Oh wait, I think I just did.
Samuel Colbran, Lake Merrin|It was an odd experience, this bringing to life of pages born of my pen and forgotten. From time to time they interested me -- they surprised me as much as if someone else had written them; yet I recognized the vocabulary, the shape of the sentences, the drive, the elliptical forms, the mannerisms. These pages were soaked through and through with my self -- there was a sickening intimacy about it, like the smell of a bedroom in which one has been shut up too long.
Joseph C. Kunz, Jr.|The core of PR ((public relations) is strongest where our identity and value relationships are built through sharing and caring interactions, not sold through marketing pitches asking directly for transactions." ~ @Tracey007Bond
Lionel Suggs|It was once stated that God didn't play with dice, but then I discovered that most of the Gods did play with dice. However, they didn't see Destiny playing chess the entire time behind them. They never stood a chance, seeing that Destiny was on both sides of the board.
Molly Ann Wishlade, Desire in Deadwood|Have you ever done something so far out of your normal behavior that it was freeing?” She wouldn’t plead, but she wasn’t above a little coercion. She whispered into his ear and gave the lobe a quick nibble. “I mean. We’re stuck here together. I like you a lot and have talked to you more than anyone else in a long time. If this was a date I’d be thinking of letting you into my apartment for a nightcap or whatever it is people call it now. Want to throw morals and all that out the window for a little bit?
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|If a wicked rake doesn’t kiss a young lady when they’re alone in a moonlit rose garden, might it mean he doesn’t intend to? There were rules about such things. Weren’t they written down somewhere? If not, then they should be. A Treatise on Rakes, written for Susceptible Young Ladies, by a Lady of Distinction.
Joshua Edward Smith, Duality|Sir always had a thing for calves. They were soft and smooth, like all skin on a woman. But the calf flesh was backed by muscle, so there was a firmness you wouldn't find at the hips, say, or in the small of the back. But it wasn't boney like the front of the leg. No, the calf was pretty much the closest thing to the perfection of breast tissue you could touch on a woman without getting your hand slapped away.
John Geddes|the struggle is not with others, but within us, to do what we are called to do
Stephanie Rowe, Kiss at Your Own Risk|If you sought to leave the world, don’t go alone. Since there are too many bad people you can take them too.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I suffered most from the feeling that custom was daily petrifying our lives into one fixed shape, that our minds were losing their freedom and becoming enslaved to the steady passionless course of time.
Neve McIntosh|When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture.
Jerry Lewis|I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Research has shown that smiling releases endorphins—the happy hormones that shift your physiology for improved well-being. When you smile and your eyes crinkle, your body releases chemicals that change the chemistry of your brain, lifting spirits, and reducing pain. Even when it is hard to smile and you are forcing it, positive changes take place in your physiology.
Micheál Ó Muircheartaigh|I saw a few Sligo people at Mass in Gardiner Street this morning and the omens seem to be good for them, the priest was wearing the same colours as the Sligo jersey! 40 yards out on the Hogan Stand side of the field Ciarán Whelan goes on a rampage, it's a goal. So much for religion.
Dominika Cibulkova|When I used to wrestle professionally, I preferred being the bad guy known as 'The Heel;' you would get to 'work the crowd,' getting them to hate you and want to see you lose, while the good guy 'Babyface' would walk in, smile and shake hands with a few kids, and his acting job was done.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|War, my friends, is a thing of beauty.
Tim Burton, The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories|Son, are you happy? I don't mean to pry,but do you dream of Heaven?Have you ever wanted to die?
Sandra Chami Kassis|Putting down the power right from the whistle would be ugly and brutal, but it would get the job done. He wanted to tell her that, but this was the thing with coaching: you had to step back at exactly the moment you ached to step forward.
Peter Diamandis|If I'm not working and getting my makeup done, that's my chance to do a hair mask and a face mask and my plucking and waxing and all of that.
Ray Bradbury|Being good is commendable, but only when it is combined with doing good is it useful
A.E. Via|Once they were gone, Syn lifted his head to look at his Lieutenants. He knew how close he’d been to putting a bullet in that bastard’s head, because all he kept picturing were that man’s hands wrapped around Furi’s throat. Syn hadn’t lost control in a long time, and he wondered what that meant. How deep did his feelings for Furi run?“Go home,” Day said, clasping him on the shoulder. “We’ll handle the rogue bitch clan at the station.”“I can do my job, Day,” Syn snapped back at his boss.“We know that. We’ll let Sasha Pain; aka porn bitch sit on ice and interrogate her in the morning see if there’s any connection with this ex-husband and BTNS.” God gestured with his head. “Go check on your man, you know that’s where you want to be.”Syn was taken aback. God said nothing about him dating a prior suspect in a case they were still working, or about dragging them into a back alley fight while he took his revenge. God was actually being compassionate. Well, damn. Syn was astonished to see that side of him.“Besides, you won’t be worth shit to me with a hard on all night.”And he’s back. Well, that compassion sure was short-lived.
Jake Neuman, Islam: Evil in the Name of God|Learn! For learning is an adornment for one who possesses it, avirtue and a prelude to every praiseworthy action. Profit eachday by increasing [your] learning, and swimming in the seas ofbeneficial knowledge. Give yourself up to the study of jurisprudence,for the knowledge of jurisprudence is the best guide to piety andthe fear of God, and it is the straightest path to the ultimate goal.It is the milestone leading to the ways of proper guidance;it is the fortress that saves [one] from all hardships.Indeed, one godly person versed in jurisprudence is more powerfulagainst Satan than a thousand [ordinary] worshipers.
Kabir, Songs of Kabir|The home is the abiding place; in the home is reality; the home helps to attain Him Who is real. So stay where you are, and all things shall come to you in time.
Anthony T.Hincks|You should never try and out guess Mother Nature because when you do, you come off second best.
Kristen Clark, Becoming a Woman of Worth: Creating a More Confident You|Faith is the key to spiritual growth and requires a deep and personal connection with God. He wants to be the head of our hearts, king of our souls, and guide to our spirit. By allowing Him free reign in these areas we create an opportunity for lasting intimacy with the Creator. From intimacy comes confidence – in Him and in us.
James A. Chu|The primary treatment modality for DID is individual outpatient psychotherapy.Guidelines for Treating Dissociative Identity Disorder in Adults, Third Revision
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|He took a deep breath. "I'm a dragon, Samantha."	"Oh, my God."	His lips twitched. "Even when I look like a man."	"A dragon," she repeated.	"Yes.
Lauren Gilley, Whatever Remains|Say it back," he begs.I don't. He offers those words so freely, I'm not sure he realizes how much weight they carry. You have to love yourself before you can love another. You have to see what they see in you. Something worthy.I cannot return those three words to him because I am nowhere near ready to say them to myself.
Anaïs Nin|The role of a writer is not to say what we can all say, but what we are unable to say.
Chanda Hahn, Fable|The dragon flew up and settled in the crook of Mina’s hood, and quickly became invisible again.“I don’t trust that thing,” Jared shot back.“Relax, I find him quite cute. Isn’t that right, Ander?” She held up a finger and felt the invisible dragon rub its face against her.“Great, you’ve named it, now you’re gonna want to keep it. But I’m telling you that thing better be house-trained.” He turned to the bookshelf and began to pull open the book to open the hidden exit door.Mina felt Ander leave her shoulder but didn’t let Jared know he was missing. She saw Constance’s teacup float mysteriously above Jared’s head. She clapped her hand over her mouth to contain the laughter. A second later the cup turned over, spilling lukewarm tea on Jared’s unsuspecting head.“Oh, it better not have just peed on me!” he screamed.
Fredrik Backman|The mightiest power of death is not that it can make people die, but that it can make people left behind want to stop living, she thinks, without remembering where she heard that.
Charlotte Eriksson|I want to learn how to speak to anyone at any time and make us both feel a little bit better, lighter, richer, with no commitments of ever meeting again. I want to learn how to stand wherever with whoever and still feel stable. I want to learn how to unlock the locks to our minds, my mind, so that when I hear opinions or views that don’t match up with mine, I can still listen and understand. I want to burn up lifeless habits of following maps and to-do lists, concentrated liquids to burn my mind and throatand I want to go back to the way nature shaped me. I want to learn to go on well with whatever I have in my hands at the momentin a natural state of mind,certain like the sea.I will find comfort in the rhythm of the sea.
Deepika Padukone|I came to the plain fields of Ohio with pictures painted by Hollywood movies and the works of Tennessee Williams and Arthur Miller. None of them had much to say, if at all, about Dayton, Ohio.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|…once science had declared a thing possible, there was no escape from its eventual realization…
Noam Chomsky, Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media|We’re talking about the fate of our economy and the questionable resiliency of our Nation’s critical infrastructure. Why are experts so polite, patient, and forgiving when talking about cybersecurity and National Security? The drama of each script kiddie botnet attack and Nation State pilfering of our IP has been turned into a soap opera through press releases, sound bites and enforced absurdity of mainstream media. It’s time for a cybersecurity zeitgeist in the West where cyber hygiene is a meme that is aggressively distributed by those who have mastered it and encouraged to be imitated by those who have experienced it.
Glen Duncan, The Last Werewolf|Everybody put on masks, including you and me. We all wear masks.
Joanna Russ|Long before I became a feminist in any explicit way, I had turned from writing love stories about women in which women were losers, and adventure stories about men in which the men were winners, to writing adventure stories about a woman in which the woman won. It was one of the hardest things I ever did in my life.
Dada Bhagwan|It is not possible to know ‘Who am I?’ by ‘doing’. ‘Doing’ (anything), requires egoism, and where there is egoism, ‘Who am I’ cannot be known.
Glenn Ward|There's nothing like an orgasm to make a person think--and more often than not, to think too much.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Fewer than one in twenty security professionals has the core competence and the foundation knowledge to take a system all the way from a completely unknown state of security through mapping, vulnerability testing, password cracking, modem testing, vulnerability patching, firewall tuning, instrumentation, virus detection at multiple entry points, and even through back-ups and configuration management.
Lauryn Hill|Now don't you understand man universal lawWhat you throw out comes back to you, starNever underestimate those who you scarCause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard
Dada Bhagwan|The moment one is born, the ‘saw starts cutting’. People consider it as death only when the wood breaks in two pieces [during funeral]. But it was being cut from the very beginning.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Sometimes you have to give the hurt a noise and let it out. If you don’t, it fills you up with its emptiness.
Andrew Murray, Humility|There is no such thing as a great man of God, only weak, pitiful, faithless men of a great and merciful God.
Glenn A. Maltais|Maintain balance in life; not unlike a tire, a life out of balance results in a rough ride and needless wear and tear.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|There are those who see film and take it seriously as an artistic medium, and others who go to have a good time, to simply be entertained. I have to be careful , because it sounds like I am condemning, or criticizing what people are doing. I have nothing against that, in the same way that some people like rock music or to go dancing, and other people like to go to a Beethoven concert. It's just that I'm more interested in the one than the other.
Hugh Grant|I'm a terrible actor. I'm still learning. When I first started, I wish I knew then to trust myself more, really. I was in a terrible panic in the early part of my career.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|And, as always happens, and happens far too soon, the strange and wonderful becomes a memory and a memory becomes a dream. Tomorrow it's gone.
Dylan Thomas|Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
Louis Sachar|What amazes me is that most days feel useless. I don't seem to accomplish anything-just a few pages, most of which don't seem very good. Yet, when I put all those wasted days together, I somehow end up with a book of which I'm very proud.
Tracy Morgan|God gave us dreams, but he gave us kids to make all those dreams worthwhile. And when I look at all my kids, I say everything that I've ever went through in my life was worthwhile.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|The key realization to delving inwards to deal with the roots of outer symptoms is this: once you have clearly identified the core, inner roots to a problem, you then have authority over the situation. . . If, though, you never delve within. . . you will not eliminate the inner source of theproblem and thus never fully extinguish the external symptom.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Non lo avevo mai compreso. Era ottimista sempre e io ... io mi lasciavo trascinare dalle emozioni, mi si abbattevano addosso senza poterci fare nulla.
Anne Frasier, Hush|Socrates said the perfect society would be based on a great lie. People would be told that lie from the cradle, and they would believe it, because human beings need to make order out of chaos.
Richard Whately|Every morning I jump out of bed and step on a landmine. The landmine is me. After the explosion, I spent the rest of the day putting the pieces together.
Barry Babcock, TEACHERS IN THE FOREST: Essays from the last wilderness in Mississippi Headwaters Country|We must stop seeing the natural world as a commodity and start seeing it as we would see a family member, something to love, protect, care for, and cherish.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|I would love to think that the essence of who we are continues after we die. Maybe our soul moves on somehow, and eventually we are reborn. Or maybe, we get absorbed into god like a drop of water into the ocean.I think it’s more believable than floating into the sky and entering heaven. I’ve looked up and I’ve never seen heaven the way religions describe it. But, I can tell you that I’ve looked around down here, and I’ve found many places that have appeared as if they could be heaven.
Kelly Barnhill, The Mostly True Story of Jack|You have a choice in everything in life, so keep in mind that in the end, the choice you make makes you.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|Men and women in their very essence -in their souls if you wish- have natural parity. (...) This was a relatively new idea at the time [of Shakespeare]. It ran counter to the teaching in the Bible -Eve's being made out of Adam's rib to be his helpmate -which was the basis for the idea, held for so long, that women do not have souls of their own but are dependent on their fathers' and husbands' .
Jen Knox, After the Gazebo|When the writing is good, a book becomes a mirror. The reader will see an uncanny familiarity and respond accordingly.
Martin Seligman|With the headset and motion tracker and all kinds of different future tracking technologies that we are R&Ding, there is just a huge amount of intelligence that has to be created. So we are looking at hiring some of the brightest minds out there to tackle some of those challenges and deliver the very best experience possible for the consumer.
Cat Ellington|As a working professional in the entertainment industry, I have come to truly cherish both my creative freedom and my independence. Because I, for one, know how precious and priceless they are.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|As long as we have MEMORIES, yesterday REMAINS and as long as we have HOPE, tomorrow AWAITS...
Darynda Jones, Second Grave on the Left|You hit me again," I said, growing oddly annoyed."Ya think?" Evil Riggs said. Smart-ass."Part of my brain hurts. I demand to know what that part of my brain is called and what its job is.
John Burnside, A Lie About My Father: A Memoir|As I child, I came to this idea with a horrified fascination. Once upon a time, I wasn’t here. Before that, my parents weren’t here. And before that…
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|I wish I worried about my uncle's opinions, and had problems to work out with my mom. Hell, I'd settle for knowing what her voice sounded like." I put a hand on her shoulder. "Trite but true—you don't know what you have until it's gone. People change. The world changes. And sooner or later you lose people you care about. If you don't mind some advice from someone who doesn't know much about families, I can tell you this: Don't take yours for granted. It might feel like all of them will always be there. But they won't.
Michelle Obama|My grandmother lived to 104 years old, and part of her success was she woke up every morning to a brand new day. She said every morning is a new gift. Her favorite hobby was collecting birthdays.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|So much of people's fortune, good or bad, depends upon how they choose to fall in love.
Debasish Mridha|In an age of complexity, it is not easy to live a simple life or to practice simplicity.
Gustave Flaubert|My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|Monique whirled around and ran to her husband. “Pray with me, pray with me. We are going to die this night, Alexander.” Raven shut the door and leaned against it. “Don’t panic on me, Monique. We have a chance if we can stall him.” Alexander glared at her, his arm protectively around his wife, his hand already swollen and sore looking. “Don’t listen to her, Monique. She almost strangled me and threw me against the wall with unbelievable strength. She is unclean.” Raven rolled her eyes in exasperation. “I’m beginning to wish I did have all that power you think I have. I’d find a way to keep you from talking.” “He is afraid for us.” Monique spoke in a conciliatory tone. “Can’t we take off his chains?” “He would try to attack Andre the moment he returned.” Raven made a face at Alexander, completely exasperated with him. “That would get him killed fas
Stephen Richards|An undisciplined mind is a wasted one, which will be reflected in the life of the one who possesses such a mind.
Christine Heppermann, Poisoned Apples: Poems for You, My Pretty|If you find the dividing line between fairy tales and reality, let me know. In my mind, the two run together, even though the intersections aren't always obvious. The girl sitting quietly in class or waiting for the bus or roaming the mall doesn't want anyone to know, or doesn't know how to tell anyone, that she is locked in a tower. Maybe she's a prisoner of a story she's heard all her life- that fairest means best, or that bruises prove she is worthy of love.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism.
Robert C. Solomon|Have you ever been at sea in a dense fog  when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in and the great ship  tense and anxious  groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line  and you waited with beating heart for something to happen? I was like that ship before my education began  only I was without compass or sounding line  and no way of knowing how near the harbor was. "Light! Give me light!" was the wordless cry of my soul  and rhe light of love shone on me in that very hour.
Cameron C. Taylor, 8 Attributes of Great Achievers Volume 2|No matter how much fame you get, no matter how much money you make, no matter how much admiration you get, nothing feels as monumental as when someone tells you that something you did changed their outlook on life.
H. Kirk Rainer|Vivien thought how ugly adults could be, how weak. So used to getting what they wanted that they didn't know the first thing about being brave.
Albert Einstein|I wish it, I command it. Let my will take the place of a reason.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|But there's a problem," Dr. Bramble said. He tapped his forehad. "And it's right up here." Our greatest talent, he explained, also created the monster that could destroy us. "Unlike any other organism in history, humans have a mind-body conflict: we have a body built for performance, but a brain that's always looking for efficiency." We live or die by our endurance, but remember: endurance is all about conserving energy, and that's the brain's department. "The reason some people use their genetic gift for running and others don't is because the brain is a bargain shopper.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Charles de Foucauld, the found of the Little Brothers of Jesus, wrote a single sentence that's ahad a profound impact on my life. He said, "The one thing we owe absolutely to God is never to be afraid of anything." Never to be afraid of anything, even death, which, after all, is but that final breakthrough into the open, waiting, outstretched arms of Abba.
Vandana Yadav|My tragedy is no peculiar. It is as ordinary as a street dog. I struggle and cope with my wants, my needs,my desires, me deeds and my dreams. I am not disillusioned, only a bit translucent. Maybe, I fear the consequences.
Raymond Ochoa|'A Tuna Christmas' is the second in a series of plays created by Joe Sears and Jaston Williams featuring the fictional town of Greater Tuna, the third-smallest town in Texas. What makes these plays so hysterically funny is the accurate portrayal of small-town life in the Lone Star State.
Elizabeth Brooks|Has it tortured you as much as it's tortured me?" He asked. "Don't call it torture when it's self-inflicted. You always have a choice.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|The real Law of Attraction has many counterfeits which are more or less fascinating, but the results are worthless.
Megan Kennedy, Bury Me In Smoke|He got up and ran on, pitching himself down the hill, flying through the branches of the firs, leaping roots and rocks without seeing them. As he went, the hill got steeper and steeper, until it was really like falling. He was going too fast and he knew when he came to a stop, it would involve crashing into something, and shattering pain.Only as he went on, picking up speed all the time, until with each leap he seemed to sail through yards of darkness, he felt a giddy surge of emotion, a sensation that might have been panic but felt strangely like exhilaration. He felt as if at any moment his feet might leave the ground and never come back down. He knew this forest, this darkness, this night. He knew his chances: not good. He knew what was after him. It had been after him all his life. He knew where he was - in a story about to unfold an ending. He knew better than anyone how these stories went, and if anyone could find their way out of these woods, it was him.("Best New Horror")
JoLynne Valerie|The glove suddenly feels much heavier, now, more dense. The rush of power didn’t come through me, but wrapped around me; invisible and strangely empty, like a purely mechanical force. It wasn’t like I just got stronger; it was separate from me, like something stepped in and punched him instead of me. I pull the glove off gingerly, half afraid I’ll punch my own fingers off.
Mahatma Gandhi|We must fix our broken immigration system. That means stopping illegal immigration. And it means welcoming properly vetted legal immigrants, regardless of their race or religion. Just like we have for centuries.
MR Leif N Gregersen II|I found my way home, stripped naked, and lay on the bathroom floor, the cool tiles pushing up. Keeping me from falling. I didn't know how long the floor would hold me. I prayed Ellen would come home...
Brent M. Jones|Cookies are happy, because that is their job. Making those you know, and don't know happy. They tell people you care.
Jon Mertz, Activate Leadership: Aspen Truths to Empower Millennial Leaders|Today and every day, live and lead the memory you want to leave behind.
Lao Tzu|As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it.
Sunday Adelaja|Without delayed gratification, goals are not achieved and objectives don’t get accomplished.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When we hold onto worry, regret, and anger, peace of mind, strength of body, and freedom of spirit eludes us.
Saim Cheeda|Where there is darkness, there once was light.
