Doris Lessing|she was wishing that whatever stage of her life she was in now could be got through quickly, for it was seeing to her interminable. If life had to be looked at in terms of high moments. or peaks, then nothing had "happened" to her for a long time; snd she could look forward to nothing much but a dwindling away from full household activity into getting old
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Mother Mary wants to draft two more kids,” Astrid told Sam.“Okay. Approved.”“Dahra says we’re running low on kids’ Tylenol and kids’ Advil, she wants to make sure it’s okay to start giving them split adult pills.”Sam spread his hands in a helpless gesture. “What?”“We’re running low on kid pills, Dahra wants to split adult pills.”Sam rocked back in the leather chair designed for a grown man. “Okay. Whatever. Approved.” He took a sip of water from a bottle. The wrapper on the bottle said “Dasani” but it was tap water. The dishes from dinner—horrible homemade split-pea soup that smelled burned, and a quarter cabbage each—had been pushed aside onto the sideboard where in the old days the mayor of Perdido Beach had kept framed pictures of his family. It was one of the better meals Sam had had lately. The fresh cabbage tasted surprisingly good.There was little more than smears on the plates: the era of kids not eating everything was over.Astrid puffed out her cheeks and sighed. “Kids are asking why Lana isn’t around when they need her.”“I can only ask Lana to heal big things. I can’t demand she be around 24/7 to handle every boo-boo.”Astrid looked at the list she had compiled on her laptop. “Actually, I think this involved a stubbed toe that ‘hurted.’”“How much more is on the list?” Sam asked.“Three hundred and five items,” Astrid said. When Sam’s face went pale, she relented. “Okay, it’s actually just thirty-two. Now, don’t you feel relieved it’s not really three hundred?”“This is crazy,” Sam said.“Next up: the Judsons and the McHanrahans are fighting because they share a dog, so both families are feeding her—they still have a big bag of dry dog food—but the Judsons are calling her Sweetie and the McHanrahans are calling her BooBoo.”“You’re kidding.”“I’m not kidding,” Astrid said.“What is that noise?” Sam demanded.Astrid shrugged. “I guess someone has their stereo cranked up.”“This is not going to work, Astrid.”“The music?”“This. This thing where every day I have a hundred stupid questions I have to decide. Like I’m everyone’s parent now. I’m sitting here listening to how little kids are complaining because their older sisters make them take a bath, and stepping into fights over who owns which Build-A-Bear outfit, and now over dog names. Dog names?”“They’re all still just little kids,” Astrid said.“Some of these kids are developing powers that scare me,” Sam grumbled. “But they can’t decide who gets to have which special towel? Or whether to watch The Little Mermaid or Shrek Three?”“No,” Astrid said. “They can’t. They need a parent. That’s you.
Gemma Files, We Will All Go Down Together|The Idea of Ghost, like the Idea of North. A mere looped whisper, in darkness or in light. And no matter what this person may have been like before he or she died, no matter what they--specifically--might have wanted, ghosts only really want one thing: you, with them.Not to be alone. Not to be trapped. Not to be where they are. Not to be.
John H. Van Vleck|When you depart from standard usage, it should be deliberate and not an accidental lapse. Like a poet who breaks the rules of poetry for creative effect, this only works when you know and respect the rule you are breaking. If you have never heard of the rules you are breaking, you have no right to do so, and you are likely to come off like a buffoon or a barbarian. Breaking rules, using slang and archaic language can be effective, but it is just as likely to give you an audience busy with wincing.
Jo Ann Butler|You are both daring and unscrupulous, and you think fast. I have been looking for a person with those particular characteristics. Also I noticed you speak Babylonian.
Gary Oldman|People have responded to my stories so well. They come up after a show and say things like, 'Your album really helped me,' or 'I have stage four cancer. I'm terminally ill.' Somebody told me it gave them the courage to die.
George Bishop, The Night of the Comet|The past never leaves you. You carry it around with you for as long as you live, like a pale, stubborn worm lodged there in your gut, keeping you up at night.
Poppy Z. Brite, Drawing Blood|If I can’t spend the rest of my life with you, I will live alone.
Wasif Ali Wasif|This unstable character of man, this going from one extreme to the other, arising as it does out of his narrow vision and petty mind, reveals certain basic moral tensions within which human conduct must function if it is to be stable and fruitful. These contradictory extremes are, therefore, not so much a "problem" to be resolved by theological thought as tensions to be "lived with" if man is to be truly "religious," i.e., a servant of God. Thus, utter powerlessness and "being the measure for all things," hopelessness and pride, determinism and "freedom," absolute knowledge and pure ignorance—in sum, an utterly "negative self-feeling" and a "feeling of omnipotence"—are extremes that constitute natural tensions for proper human conduct. It is the "God-given" framework for human action. Since its primary aim isto maximize moral energy, the Qur’ān—which claims to be "guidance formankind"—regards it as absolutely essential that man not violate the balance of opposing tensions. The most interesting and the most important fact of moral life is that violating this balance in any direction produces a "Satanic condition" which in its moral effects is exactly the same: moral nihilism. Whether one is proud or hopeless, self-righteous or self-negating, in either case the result is deformity and eventual destruction of the moral human personality.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|There's an old saying that great writing is simple but not easy, and so it is. The search for that one plain but inobvious [SIC] word that will do the work of five, the agony of untangling a complex idea that has become a mess of phrases in the writer's mind, the willingness to keep doing it over and over again until it is right--all of that plus some luck yields prose so clear that it seems a child could have written it.
Agnes Obel|The ecstatic insanity of romantic pursuit can be so enhanced by music that entire romantic conquests, victories and ruinous, crushing defeats can be tied to songs to such a degree that it's almost unbearable to listen to them again, as they bring back the memories so vividly.
John Muir|I think scars are like battle wounds - beautiful, in a way. They show what you've been through and how strong you are for coming out of it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Everybody has a little bit of the sun and moon in them. Everybody has a little bit of man, woman, and animal in them. Darks and lights in them. Everyone is part of a connected cosmic system. Part earth and sea, wind and fire, with some salt and dust swimming in them. We have a universe within ourselves that mimics the universe outside. None of us are just black or white, or never wrong and always right. No one. No one exists without polarities. Everybody has good and bad forces working with them, against them, and within them.PART SUN AND MOON by Suzy Kassem
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|Today the word "hero" has been diminished. confused with "celebrity." But in my father's generation the word meant something. celebrities seek fame. They take actions to get attention. Most often, the actions they take have no particular moral content. Heroes are heroes because they have risked something to help others. Their actions involve courage. Often, those heroes have been indifferent to the public's attention. But at least, the hero could understand the focus of the emotion.
Ajay Devgan|Before a group can enter the open society, it must first close ranks.
Stephen Harper|An investigator starts research in a new field with faith, a foggy idea, and a few wild experiments. Eventually the interplay of negative and positive results guides the work. By the time the research is completed, he or she knows how it should have been started and conducted.
Herbert A. Simon|The growth that we want is one that brings real benefits to the people, raises quality and efficiency of development, and contributes to energy conservation and environmental protection.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 38Think As You Like But Behave Like OthersIf you make a show of going against the times, flaunting your unconventional ideas and unorthodox ways, people will think that you only want attention and that you look down upon them. They will find a way to punish you for making them feel inferior. It is far safer to blend in and nurture the common touch. Share your originality only with tolerant friends and those who are sure to appreciate your uniqueness.
Jaleigh Johnson, The Secrets of Solace|Junk?” Lina repeated, incredulous. Oh, she wasn’t about to let that pass.
Noam Chomsky|Ignorance is a lot like alcohol: the more you have of it, the less you are able to see its effect on you.
Candice Millard, Destiny of the Republic: A Tale of Madness, Medicine and the Murder of a President|The nation which indulges toward another a habitual hatred or a habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to it animosity or two its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and it's interest.
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|Reboot your beliefs, create new thoughts, and choose powerful action.
Dean Koontz, Winter Moon|...he was part of a family whether he wanted to be or not, the family of humanity, more often than not a frustrating and contentious clan, flawed and often deeply confused, but also periodically noble and admirable, with a common destiny that every member shared.
Carl von Clausewitz|The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor.
Chloe Thurlow, Sophie's Secret|What Writing Is: Telepathy, of course.
Bruce Springsteen|My dad was young; he went to work. But he'd been to war. He'd seen some of the world. It wasn't like he was going to be an extensive traveler or something. It didn't seem to be in his nature or in the nature of his parents or many of the folks in my family, really.
|No one can be a better you than you. Therefore, striving continuously to become a better you is the only path to your greatness.
Shalom Auslander, Hope: A Tragedy|… It was the knowing that there had been a happier time, a place of joy and peace and security, that made the sudden absence of it all so agonizing… Not the agony of what was, but the agony of what was no longer; this was the source of all life’s pain--not the fear of a hell to come, but rather the knowledge of an Eden that is no more. Hell isn't the punishment… Eden was.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|We are here to witness. There is nothing else to do with those mute materials we do not need. Until Larry teaches his stone to talk, until God changes his mind, or until the pagan gods slip back to their hilltop groves, all we can do with the whole inhuman array is watch it.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The Romans construed Jesus Chris’s crucifixion as a defeat, but what do we have today? Christianity triumphed. Jesus Christ never betrayed himself, he never betrayed his mission and he never corrupted the ideas that God wants us to live by. The Cameroonian soul is genuine. It is noble, and it embodies humaneness. There is no reason to try to kill it because it will triumph ultimately.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Player Piano|Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.
Gilles Quispel, The Secret Book of Revelation: The Apocalypse of St John the Divine|To stop. To cease, just for a moment. To turn your back on the world, to close your eyes - to see the nothing that is not rather than the nothing that is everywhere around you. To just be quiet in your mind for a little minute. There are paradises even yet on the abandoned plains of the earth -- and they are not filled with fecund flowering Edens but rather just with sweet unerring silences.
Tiffanie DeBartolo|Choice betrays character,” I said.“That’s not true.” Loring moved his finger along thesheet as if writing his name in cursive. “Eliza, you can’t judge a man solely on his actions. Sometimes actions are nothing more than reactions.
Gene Green|When I visited the Water Institute's Baton Rouge offices overlooking the Mississippi River, I couldn't find a drop of the charged politics that drives so many environmental conversations in Washington.
Carl Zimmer|In 1494, King Charles VIII of France invaded Italy. Within months, his army collapsed and fled. It was routed not by the Italian army but by a microbe. A mysterious new disease spread through sex killed many of Charles’s soldiers and left survivors weak and disfigured. French soldiers spread the disease across much of Europe, and then it moved into Africa and Asia. Many called it the French disease. The French called it the Italian disease. Arabs called it the Christian disease. Today, it is called syphilis.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|In the fall he picked up his phone one afternoon to hear Grandma Lynn.'Jack,' my grandmother announced, 'I am thinking of coming to stay.' My father was silent, but the line was riddled with his hesitation.'I would like to make myself available to you and the children. I've been knocking around in this mausoleum long enough.''Lynn, we're just beginning to start over again,' he stammered. Still, he couldn't depend on Nate's mother to watch Buckley forever. Four months after my mother left, her temporary absence was beginning to take on the feel of permanence. My grandmother insisted. I watched her resist the remaining slug of vodka in her glass. 'I will contain my drinking until'- she thought hard here- 'after five o'clock, and,' she said,' what the hell, I'll stop altogether if you should find it necessary.''Do you know what you're saying?'My grandmother felt a clarity from her phone hand down to her pump-encased feet. 'Yes, I do. I think'It was only after he got off the phone that he let himself wonder, Where will we PUT her?It was obvious to everyone. ~pgs 213-214; Grandma Lynn and Jack;
H.D.  Smith, Dark Awakened|The blue of winter, the brown of spring, the red of summer, and the fall of green. I seek the place of treasures past. I seek the truth of sand and glass. I call to the wind of seasons past. I bring with me the best of summer. I am the one with whom you bask. Deliver me and complete your task.
Pierangelo Isernia|Ultimately, the purpose of a certification is to establish a particular level of proficiency in a discipline. Unfortunately, “social media” in and of itself, is not a discipline. Digital crisis management, on the other hand, is. So are digital customer service and online community management. This means that a certification program that focuses on social media without addressing each specific business function adapted to social media won’t end up certifying anyone in much of anything.
Anthony de Mello, Awareness: Conversations with the Masters|Awareness is about improving social intelligence. If you can’t see, hear, or feel the dynamics of a conversation, you can’t manage them.
Jonathan Edwards, Selected Sermons of Jonathan Edwards|A hand held tightly, never to really let go.Fills up life around you, for the comforts within our soul.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|When you are writing, you must treat it as the most important thing in the world, even when you know it is not. This helps you take the job seriously and do your best on everything you write.
S.L. Jennings, Dark Light|So many years of being lonely and discounted, no one ever truly seeing me, the person that I really am. The Gabriella I so desperately wanted to be. Yet somehow he broke through the walls and barriers and penetrated my frail, dejected heart. He loves me for all that I am and what I will become, even though it scares us both to death. He accepts the darkest parts of me and doesn't try to change me, in all my shattered complexity. Meeting him has given this facade of my life new meaning. He's given me purpose, strength. He's given me love. Dorian has given me everything and, in turn, is everything to me. Designed by the Divine Power especially for me.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are focused on your calling, the efforts of any adversary will prove powerless
Natalie Portman|You know, I always got offered other stuff. Not the romantic leads, obviously. But very often it's a role that's underwritten, where the character has no personality at all. And they need a character actor who can fill it in.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Literature provides a person with a conceptual framework for recognizing human beings recurrent challenges in life. Reading good literature deepens a person’s understanding of the variable ways that somebody might respond to circumstances in their world, thereby adding to their own potential intellectual and spiritual depth and expands their understanding of the nuances of their own personal behavior.
Future|There are people all over the world who like to write fan letters in the voice of their pet: 'Hello, my name is Fifi and I'm a labrador and I think you're great. Paw paw!'
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|I decided (after listening to a "talk radio" commentator who abused, vilified, and scorned every noble cause to which I had devoted my entire life) that I was both a humanist and a liberal, each of the most dangerous and vilified type. I am a humanist because I think humanity can, with constant moral guidance, create a reasonably decent society. I am terrified of restrictive religious doctrine, having learned from history that when men who adhere to any form of it are in control, common men like me are in peril. I do not believe that pure reason can solve the perpetual problems unless it is modified by poetry and art and social vision. So I am a humanist. And if you want to charge me with being the most virulent kind—a secular humanist—I accept the accusation. [Interview, Parade magazine, 24 November 1991]
Thomas Szasz|Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr|I felt like the Islamic scholar Muhammad Abduh (1849-1905), who said on his return from a trip to Europe to his homeland Egypt 'I saw no Muslims in Europe but I saw a lot of Islam,' and of his homeland 'There are a lot of Muslims here but no Islam.
Franklin Gillette, Compatibility: The Code of Harmony for Love and Unity|The mind is not something we own, it is something we share
Elizabeth Haynes, Into the Darkest Corner|In the life cycle of an intense emotion, if it isn't acted upon, it eventually peaks and then decreases. But as Dr. Linehan explains, people with BPD have a different physiological experience with this process because of three key biological vulnerabilities (1993a): First, we're highly sensitive to emotional stimuli (meaning we experience social dynamics, the environment, and our own inner states with an acuteness similar to having exposed nerve endings). Second, we respond more intensely and much more quickly, than other people. And third, we don't 'come down' from our emotions for a long time. One the nerves have been touched, the sensations keep peaking. Shock waves of emotion that might pass through others in minutes keep cresting in us for hours, sometimes days.
C.E. Murphy, Raven Calls|It is a responsibility for those that see and have understanding, and choose to not be bridled by fear, to step forward and lead the way.
Shannon L. Alder|The empty spaces of your soul are the ones you search for, pray for and want so desperately to be filled. They are also the spaces that will never be filled, until you are ready to do something you have never done.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|But I knew something that Elena hadn't. That the measure of a true queen didn't lie in her magic. It had more to do with who she was, and what she was willing to give of herself, than it did with the powers she possessed- Charlaina di Heyse
Stephanie Lahart|White liberals are always saying, "What can we do?” I mean, they’re always coming to help black people. I thought of an analogy. If you were walking down the street and a man had a gun on another man – let’s say both of them were white – and you had to help somebody, whom would you help? It’s obvious to me that if I were walking down the street, and a man had a gun on another man, and I was going to help, I’d help the man who didn’t have the gun, if the man who had the fun was just pulling the gun on the other man for no apparent reason – if he was just going to rob him or shoot him because he didn’t like him. The only way I could help is either to get a gun and shoot the man with the gun, or take the gun away from him – join the fellow who doesn’t have a gun and both of us gang up on the man with the gun. But white liberals never do that. When the man has the gun, they walk around him and they come to the victim, and they say “Let me help you,” and what they mean is “help you adjust to the situation with the man who has the gun on you."If indeed white liberals are going to help, their only job is to get the gun from the man and talk to him, because he is a sick man. The black man is not the sick man, it is the white man who is sick, he’s the one who picked up the gun.
Nicola Formichetti|I am blood type O-positive, which I remember by staying 'optimistic positive.'
Melody Beattie|He thought about his long life and gave thanks for all the bounty and joy that he had been given. To want more, to wish for yet more, he knew, would be petty. He sighed happily, and listened to the wind sweeping down from the mountains, to the chirping of night birds.
Mindie Burgoyne|PhD, MFA, self-taught—the only things you must have to become a writer are the stamina to continue and a wily, cagey heart in the face of extremity, failure, and success.
Stewart Udall|To put yourself in another's place requires real imagination, but by doing so each Girl Scout will be able to love among others happily.
W. Somerset Maugham|She had a pretty gift for quotation, which is a serviceable substitute for wit.
Godo Stoyke, The Carbon Buster's Home Energy Handbook: Slowing Climate Change and Saving Money|Once we start to work with Feminine power we begin to see that it is not our minds that are in control of this power – it ebbs and flows with the movements of the planets, the procession of the seasons, the moons and tides, our own internal cycles of menstruality, anniversaries, the events around us. All these and more impact our experience and expressions of power. We learn to become aware of these various patterns and their impact on us and work more consciously with rather than against or in spite of them. We learn that they are all part of the same process. We open towards the energy, rather than shut down to it. We learn to trust the flow.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|If there’s one thing I have learned it’s that if you carry on as though nothing strange is happening, it usually stops being strange
Akshay Vasu|Why don’t we keep track of the happy moments, so that afterward we will believe them? Is he the same man Was he really sincere?
Rex Tillerson|In the case of maternal health care, you look at, well naturally, it's the mother who's the customer, who makes the decisions. But in truth, the mother in many areas, in certain parts of India, the mother has very little decision-making power at all. The real decision-maker is the mother-in-law.
Anne Lamott, Crooked Little Heart|One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|He assaulted the man with a psychic wave. "You are a cockroach." In his inebraited state, Cody had no resistance at all to a vampire mind control. He fell to the floor and scurried around the foyer on all fours. "I am a cockroach" he muttered in a squeaky voice. "Hmm, about time you figured that one out," Fidelia steped back as he brushed against her long skirt.
Lindy West, Shrill: Notes from a Loud Woman|I think the most important thing I do in my professional life today is delivering public, impermeable "no"s and sticking to them. I say no to people who prioritize being cool over being good. I say no to misogynists who want to weaponize my body against me. I say no to men who feel entitled to my attention and reverence, who treat everything the light touches as a resource for them to burn. I say no to religious zealots who insist that I am less important than an embryo. I say no to my own instinct to stay quiet.
st. john the solitary|St. John the Solitary: “Be attentive to the thoughts of the mind. If some evil thought passes through you, do not get upset, for it is not the transient thoughts of your mind that the knowledge of the Lord of all observes, rather He looks at the depths of the mind to see if you take pleasure in that evil thought which resides there; for hateful thoughts float over the surface of the mind, but it is the senses that are lower down which can chase away hateful thoughts, which the Lord of all examines. He does not judge what just passes over the mind, but rather the thoughts that are lower down than those hateful ones, namely those which appear in the depths of the mind, which can drive them away with its hidden hand. For He does not pardon the thoughts which spring up from the depth of the mind, for it is they which should be chasing away those which pass over the surface of the mind; He judges those thoughts which have a passage into the heart.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time|The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be.
Richard Laymon, Hotter Blood: More Tales of Erotic Horror|The crying wailed, somewhere beneath the planks. Several sweeps of the light showed that the cellar was otherwise deserted. Though the face mouthed behind him, he ventured down. For God’s sake, get it over with; he knew he would never dare return.
Auliq Ice|May 20, '95 - Mississippi calls. She says, "All my working life I have done things to help black people. I can drive into the black part of town where no white person would dare to go. I have nothing to fear. They say, 'Hi there, Mizz Mississippi.' I still call them niggers, but only because of the way they act. I'd have an affair with Johnnie Cochran in a minute." Once she said to me, "I don't see why I should have to feel guilty about the Holocaust. It's not my fault." I hadn't been talking or thinking about the Holocaust, and hadn't told anyone to feel guilty. Her remark came out of nowhere. We were in a diner, about to have a sandwich and suddenly the moment was explosive. Simply being a Jew arouses a peculiar expectation mixed with resentment, even in a highly intelligent woman. Amazing to me is that she doesn't do much but watch television, drink beer, and smoke Marlboros, and yet seethes with dark thoughts and tumultuous feeling.
Cristen Rodgers|I love letting my soul soar on a summer breeze, or getting entranced by the rhythm of the sea. It carries you off on its currents until you’re completely lost and then drops you back on the shores of reality with salt on your cheeks and grains of dreams running through your fingers like sand. It’s almost an occasional necessity – I guess because when you get completely, fantastically, dizzyingly lost you’re temporarily suspended between what has been and what could be. In those first moments when you come back up for air, or when you float back down to the ground, you’re living in the land of possibility, where you understand that reality can stretch just as far as you’re willing to dream.
Katsura Hoshino|When you lost sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart (Allen Walker, D-gray Man)
Fiona Wood, Cloudwish|People who live entirely by the fertility of their imaginations are fascinating, brilliant and often charming, but they should be sat next to at dinner parties, not lived with.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|I’m new to money. I spent most of my existence without it. I know how to live frugally. If we were to lose it all tomorrow, we’d change our hours, move out of the city, and make other adjustments, just like my parents did. Money removes many stressors, but it has not changed my level of happiness, nor who I am. It changes how I spend my time.
Christian D. Larson|Hope is not a prediction of the future, it's a declaration of what's possible.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|That means you're my kid," I explained, "and I'm your mother, and nobody can say it isn't so.
B.G. Thomas, The Boy Who Came In From the Cold|It's not wrong, pal," he said to her back. "You've been brought up to think so. Most of us have. But who are they hurting? Nobody. They're just making each other happy. And you want their heads to roll because it makes you feel funny.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The cactus thrives in the desert while the fern thrives in the wetland.The fool will try to plant them in the same flowerbox.The florist will sigh and add a wall divider and proper soil to both sides.The grandparent will move the flowerbox halfway out of the sun.The child will turn it around properly so that the fern is in the shade, and not the cactus.The moral of the story?Kids are smart.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Approachability. Being warm and inviting demonstrates comfort, care, and emotional safety all of which encourages engagement. Your openness says, “I’m happy to meet you and am glad you’re here.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Vanity of vanities, says the Preacher, vanity of vanities! All is vanity.3 What does man gain by all the toil at which he toils under the sun?4 A generation goes, and a generation comes, but the earth remains forever.5 The sun rises, and the sun goes down, and hastens to the place where it rises.6 The wind blows to the south and goes around to the north;around and around goes the wind, and on its circuits the wind returns.7 All streams run to the sea, but the sea is not full;to the place where the streams flow, there they flow again.8 All things are full of weariness; a man cannot utter it;the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the ear filled with hearing.9 What has been is what will be, and what has been done is what will be done, and there is nothing new under the sun.10 Is there a thing of which it is said, “See, this is new”?It has been already in the ages before us.11 There is no remembrance of former things, nor will there be any remembranceof later things yet to be among those who come after.
Malala Yousafzai|When one begins, as I did, to analyze men after a fairly long experience of analyzing women, one receives a most surprising impression of the intensity of this envy of pregnancy, childbirth, and motherhood, as well as of breasts and of the act of suckling.
Patricia Robin Woodruff|Our wishes become real and solid if we work on their formation. If it matters to you, make energy become matter.
Ashley Tisdale|While politicians may be forgiven for failing to predict the future - who can, alas? - it is amazing that they defiantly ignore the past.
Jack Dann|For me, writing is exploration; and most of the time, I'm surprised where the journey takes me.
John Grisham, The Confession|It’s not easy to kill; it’s not supposed to be. If it is, then there’s something wrong with you. But sometimes good people have to do unpleasant things just so we can come home at night to our kids.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|It looked as though you did not act in a certain way because you thought in a certain way, but rather you thought in a certain way because you were made in a certain way. Truth had nothing to do with it.
Abhijit Naskar|Scientific Religion is compatible with Science and in fact, they enrich each other. That's because scientific religion is simply the realization of divinity within one's heart. Therefore, Science and Scientific Religion smoothen each other's path of progress. While on the contrary, far from being compatible with Science, Theoretical Religion consistently tries to impede the development of human society. Moreover, being rigidly based on bookish doctrines, it keeps making efforts to drag the human society back to the Stone Age.I am afraid, if you don't act now, the relentless battle between Theoretical Religions will turn this beautiful planet which we call home, into a barren wasteland.
Mandy Baxter, One Night More|I know, but Jesus Kira, even Achilles had a weakness.
Michio Kaku|It's very dangerous to put astronauts on a moon base where there's radiation, solar flares and micro meteorites. It'd be much better to put robots on the moon and have them mentally connected to astronauts on the Earth.
Sarah Dunn|She knew that what she was going through was nothing special, just garden-variety heartbreak, the sort of thing that poets and novelists had been writing about for hundreds of years, but she also knew, from those same books, that there were people who never recover form it, ones who go on through life beset by a dim and painful longing.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|One of the few good things about modern times: If you die horribly on television, you will not have died in vain. You will have entertained us.
George Grant, The Magdeburg Confession: 13th of April 1550 AD|Darks drifts covered the horizon. A strange shadow approaching nearer and nearer, was spreading little by little over men, over things, over ideas; a shadow which came from indignations and from systems. All that had been hurriedly stifled was stirring and fermenting. Sometimes the conscious of the honest man caught its breath, there was so much confusion in that air in which sophisms were mingled with truths. Minds trembled in the social anxiety like leaves at the approach of the storm. The electric tension was so great that at certain moments any chance-comer, thought unknown, flashed out. Then the twilight darkness fell again. At intervals, deep and sullen mutterings enabled men to judge of the amount of lightning in the cloud.
Eubulus, Eubulus: The Fragments|Hyacinth took out a bottle of rum, and Phaedra raised her eyebrows, a reflex she'd acquired upon seeing her father and mother under its influence, their eyes and mouths turned wilder, as if a cork at the edges of their personalities had come unscrewed.
bell hooks|This points to a central tension in our very idea and practice of democracy – it is not a simple appeal to the rule of the majority. It is also about respecting that the power of the people is limited by what’s fair to minorities, what’s reasonable, and by what’s legal and constitutional.
Chris Kyle|The blues was like that problem child that you may have had in the family. You was a little bit ashamed to let anybody see him, but you loved him. You just didn't know how other people would take it.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|My last words to him were to assure him that we would bring Sally to join him later. And you know what your dad said? He said that he would wait for as long as it took."Grace bit her lip. "But she never came, did she? And he never stopped waiting.
Walt Whitman|I act as the tongue of you,... tied in your mouth . . . . in mine it begins to be loosened.
R. Buckminster Fuller, Education Automation: Freeing the Scholar to Return to His Studies|I would say, then, that you are faced with a future in which education is going to be number one amongst the great world industries.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Though I was starved for contact, I didn’t stop to talk to any of these strangers. I had forgotten how to convincingly speak the polite things strangers say to each other.
Kameron Hurley, The Stars Are Legion|In my own life many bad things was done to me, and that is how I know that when it happens sometimes you think something is wrong with you. Whoever did those things to you? It's them it's wrong with. It's not your fault.
Anna Jae|Trust isn’t something you can just one day decide to have. Trust cannot be fabricated out of thin air, no matter how one’s will is set to it. Trust has to be earned. And there’s the tragedy of it, the dependence on the other, who is often not up for the challenge, poisoned as he is by the modern individualistic and time-is-money mindset. And thus trust is losing ground more and more until one day it will turn into something rare and obscure and this world has become a severly violent and lonely place, ruled by mistrust and disconnection.
Katherine Catmull, Summer and Bird|Every story is an act of trust between a writer and a reader: each story, in the end, is social. Whatever a writer sets down can help or harm a community of which he or she is a part. When I write I can imagine a child in California wishing to give away what he’s just seen- a wild animal fleeing though creosote cover in the desert, casting a bright-eyed backward glance or three lines of overheard conversation that seem to contain everything we need understand to repair the gaping rift between body and soul. I look back at that boy turning in glee beneath his pigeons and know it can take a lifetime to convey what you mean, to find the opening. You watch, you set it down. Then you try again.
Jennifer Weiner|Cram your head with characters and stories. Abuse your library privileges. Never stop looking at the world, and never stop reading to find out what sense other people have made of it. If people give you a hard time and tell you to get your nose out of a book, tell them you're working. Tell them it's research. Tell them to pipe down and leave you alone.
George MacDonald|Well, of course I think people can be forgiven. But our justice system is not set up to dispense forgiveness. You can go to the local priest for that.
Beatrice Sparks, Go Ask Alice|I wonder if it will be—can be—any more beautiful than this,’ murmured Anne, looking around her with the loving, enraptured eyes of those to whom ‘home’ must always be the loveliest spot in the world, no matter what fairer lands may lie under alien stars.
Matthew Arnold Stern, Offline|Seven times up, eight times down
John von Neumann|Most science fiction, quite frankly, is silly nonsense.
|The most important key to attaining any prize, is to never take your mental eye off from it.
Pico Iyer|Just the simple act of sharing wisdom is something that many parents have left to society to do; however, that is not what God teaches in His word.
Brene Brown|I happen to love engineering. I love figuring things out in a spatial sense, that whole realm of working with mechanical parts, and the relationship of the parts, and things like ratios and the speeds of particular objects.
Michael Moorcock, Elric of Melniboné|Why should their pain produce such marvelous beauty? he wonders. Or is all beauty created through pain? Is that the secret of great art, both human and Melnibonen?
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Vocation at its deepest level is, 'This is something I can't not do, for reasons I'm unable to explain to anyone else and don't fully understand myself but that are nonetheless compelling.
|When character speaks, many minds listen.
Seth Shostak|My odyssey to become an astronaut kind of started in grad school, and I was working, up at MIT, in space robotics-related work; human and robot working together.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Changes in Relationship with others:It is especially hard to trust other people if you have been repeatedly abused, abandoned or betrayed as a child. Mistrust makes it very difficult to make friends, and to be able to distinguish between good and bad intentions in other people. Some parts do not seem to trust anyone, while other parts may be so vulnerable and needy that they do not pay attention to clues that perhaps a person is not trustworthy. Some parts like to be close to others or feel a desperate need to be close and taken care of, while other parts fear being close or actively dislike people. Some parts are afraid of being in relationships while others are afraid of being rejected or criticized. This naturally sets up major internal as well as relational conflicts.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live. I'd rather my kid die with a wild fire in his/her heart than with a malfunctioning or drained out fuse. Always allow your kids to keep humming with dreams and ideas that fuel their passions. Never tell them something is impossible. If you have a really strong determined kid, they'll go out there killing themselves trying to do the unachievable just to prove you wrong. And if you have a weak kid, they'll give up on life and settle for bagging Cokes and potato chips at your local grocery store.
M.K. Bhutta|Aging offers certain rewards that youth cannot. It represents the culmination of our efforts in building self-knowledge, families, friendships, careers, and the sense of self that comes from facing whatever adversity we may have encountered. Aging is to be honored. Youth certainly has its own set of rewards, but to dwell on them to the exclusion of those that come later in life causes a stagnation of the self. It keeps us from experiencing an appreciation of living an entire (ital) life, not just the beginning. When we're really old we will likely measure our lives by how well we loved, how well we were loved, and by what we created, whether that be family, work, art, or friendships. Even if we have chosen to have them, we will probably not measure our lives collagen injection by collagen injection.
Andrew Killeen, The Khalifah's Mirror|If a book did nothing else for you, other than to save you from the company of other people; if all it did was to deliver you from their gossip, and their dull affairs, and their appalling manners, and their rotten Arabic, and their stupid ideas, and their woefully misguided opinions, and above all, from the need to be polite to them; if a book did nothing more than that, it would still be the best friend you ever had.
K.S. Inglis, Observing Australia: 1959���1999|What is it that Australians celebrate on 26 January? Significantly, many of them are not quite sure what event they are commemorating. Their state of mind fascinated Egon Kisch, an inquisitive Czech who was in Sydney at the end of January 1935. Kisch has a place in our history as the victim, or hero, of a ludicrous chapter in the history of our immigration laws. He had been invited to Melbourne for a Congress against War and Fascism, and was forbidden to land by order of the attorney-general, R. G. Menzies. He had jumped overboard, broken his leg, gone to hospital, failed a dictation test in Gaelic and been sentenced to imprisonment and deportation. When the High Court declared Gaelic not a language, Kisch was free to hobble on our soil...
William S. Burroughs, With William Burroughs: A Report From The Bunker|I've fallen in love a hundred times in my life! But never like you. So I wonder if I really fell or just tripped, you know?
Dean Koontz, What the Night Knows|the divine has taken a few steps back from humankind, perhaps in revulsion, perhaps because we don't deserve to look directly upon holy beings anymore.... When the divine enters the world these days from outside of time, it manifests discreetly through children and animals.
R.K. Ryals, Mark of the Mage|Such a funny thing death is for mortals. You cry. You morn. You grieve. You get angry. But death is not always tragic, dear one. Sometimes death is the ultimate expression of love.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|I didn't like anyone except me having their hands all over him. There had been possession in Wolf's touch, and Adam belonged to me.
John Rampton|The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Graham Aitchison|I believe I've come to understand something. Love isn't always big and dramatic. It's big, it's deep, but it's also quiet and calm.
Dada Bhagwan|When can it be said that one has entered into spirituality? Spirituality begins from the moment one gets the slight impression ‘I am somewhat different from this [the body?]’ And when dehadhyas, the belief of ‘I am the body, the relative self’, goes away; that is when spirituality is complete.
Michael Allan Scott|Lucy in the sky. Without her I am the walrus, likely to lose myself in dark gibberish and fade away.” Lance Underphal, Cut-Throat Syndrome.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Never live in fear or regret, live in lessons learned that make you better and keep going forward
Stephen King, It|Our fiction is not merely in flight from the physical data of the actual world…it is, bewilderingly and embarrassingly, a gothic fiction, nonrealistic and negative, sadist and melodramatic – a literature of darkness and the grotesque in a land of light and affirmation…our classic [American] literature is a literature of horror for boys
Mencius, Mencius|[She] had the indefinable charm of someone who said little but thought much. Miss Prim had always felt that such people were at a marked advantage. They never said anything tactless, never spouted nonsense, never had cause to regret their words or justify themselves.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|We must not listen to those who advise us 'being men to think human thoughts, and being mortal to think mortal thoughts' but must put on immortality as much as possible and strain every nerve to live according to that best part of us, which, being small in bulk, yet much more in its power and honour surpasses all else.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Herman Melville came to see me at the Consulate, looking much as he used to do (a little paler, and perhaps a little sadder), in a rough outside coat, and with his characteristic gravity and reserve of manner.... [W]e soon found ourselves on pretty much our former terms of sociability and confidence. Melville has not been well, of late; ... and no doubt has suffered from too constant literary occupation, pursued without much success, latterly; and his writings, for a long while past, have indicated a morbid state of mind.... Melville, as he always does, began to reason of Providence and futurity, and of everything that lies beyond human ken, and informed me that he had "pretty much made up his mind to be annihilated"; but still he does not seem to rest in that anticipation; and, I think, will never rest until he gets hold of a definite belief. It is strange how he persists -- and has persisted ever since I knew him, and probably long before -- in wondering to-and-fro over these deserts, as dismal and monotonous as the sand hills amid which we were sitting. He can neither believe, nor be comfortable in his unbelief; and he is too honest and courageous not to try to do one or the other. If he were a religious man, he would be one of the most truly religious and reverential; he has a very high and noble nature, and better worth immortality than most of us.[after what would be their last meeting]
Therone Shellman|If I already intuitively "get" what you're trying to tell me, why should I obsess about remembering it? The danger, of course, is that what sounds like common sense often isn't.... It's your job, as a communicator, to expose the parts of your message that are uncommon sense.(p.72)
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Intuition is really a sudden immersion of the soul into the universal current of live, where the histories of all people are connected, and we are all able to know everything, because it's all written there.
Debasish Mridha|It may not be prudent to seek new things, but it is wise to see things in a new way.
Sylvia Plath|The older I get, the more I appreciate my rural childhood. I spent a lot of time outdoors, unsupervised, which is a blessing.
Osama Alomar|I turned into a swamp of inactivity, and because of this no one was able to see the gems in my depths.
Carl Rogers|I receive emails from readers that both break my heart and give me a profound sense of connection. Several months ago, I received an email from a teacher who told me that 'Legend' was the first book one of her troubled young students had ever read to the end. He cried when he finished it. Stories like that stay with you forever.
Garon Whited, Nightlord: Shadows|Ani'sike :-Askin one to not to break my heart is burden to them with biggest responsibility , n risk of ma life ;) , so I never let any one carry my heart :P -Anikethana Happy B :) Y
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|Sergeant Boyle was an Earthling. He was the only Earthling on the expedition. In fact, he was the only creature from the Milky Way. The other members were from all over the place. The expedition was a joint effort supported by about two hundred galaxies. Boyle wasn't a technician. He was an English teacher. The thing was that Earth was the only place in the whole known Universe where language was used. It was a unique Earthling invention. Everybody else used mental telepathy, so Earthlings could get pretty good jobs as language teachers just about anywhere they went. The reason creatures wanted to use language instead of mental telepathy was that they found out they could get so much more done with language. Language made them so much more active. Mental telepathy, with everybody constantly telling everybody everything, produced a sort of generalized indifference to all information. But language, with its slow, narrow meanings, made it possible to think about one thing at a time -- to start thinking in terms of projects.
Israelmore Ayivor|Not everyone who died had left a "memory" and not everyone who had left a memory had left a "blessed" one. Therefore, not all have died should be tagged "...of a blessed memory
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|That was the problem with love. It never happened on your terms, it happened on theirs.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sacred actions: gratitude, praying, dancing, hugging, singing, writing, painting, drawing, gardening, jogging, reading, knitting and many more!
Rose Wynters, Voluptuous Vindication|If you have to choose between the two hopeless situations, choose the one which gives you at least an opportunity to fight!
Timothy Snyder, Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin|Economics is not the central problem of this century. It is a relative problem which can be solved in relative ways. Faith is the central problem of this age. The Western world does not know it, but it already possesses the answer to this problem-but only provided that its faith in God and the freedom He enjoins is as great as Communism's faith in Man.
Terry Brooks, Armageddon's Children|What they didn't want to believe, what they tried repeatedly to dismiss, was that whatever good and evil existed in the world came from within themselves and not from some abstract source.
Jeffrey R. Holland|I would like to have a dollar for every person in a courtship who knew he or she had felt the guidance of the Lord in that relationship, had prayed about the experience enough to know it was the will of the Lord, knew they loved each other and enjoyed each other’s company, and saw a lifetime of wonderful compatibility ahead—only to panic, to get a brain cramp, to have total catatonic fear sweep over them. They ‘draw back,’ as Paul said, if not into perdition at least into marital paralysis. I am not saying you shouldn’t be very careful about something as significant and serious as marriage…Yes, there are cautions and considerations to make, but once there has been genuine illumination, beware the temptation to retreat from a good thing. If it was right when you prayed about it and trusted it and lived for it, it is right now. Don’t give up when the pressure mounts.
Philip Pullman|When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afterlife.]
Diana T. Scott, Our Demons, Best Friends|That was the day I knew. It was as if Rolls met Royce, Black met Decker, Oliver met Stan, TinTin met Snowy, Marks met Spencer... he was to me what Patracolus was to Achilles, Hylas to Hercules, Enkidoe to Gilgamesh, Jonathan to David, Bosie to Oscar Wilde, Rimbaud to Verlaine. He was my Billy Budd, all the holy multitude of Thebes, Jasjoe mixed with Tadzio...
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|The inner light actually comes from the soul; it is already inside us. The moment we can have free access to our soul, we will see that this light is coming to the fore to permeate our whole outer existence.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|Most of the time it's not the Europeans who belittle us. What happens when we look at them is that we belittle ourselves. When we undertake the pilgrimage, it's not just to escape the tyranny at home but also to reach to the depths of our souls. The day arrives when the guilty must return to save those who could not find the courage to leave.
Duncan McNaughton, Valparaiso|One's freedom is one's love and one's love is one's undoing, it's all in the dictionary...
Georgius Agricola, De Re Metallica [Translated From The First Latin Edition Of 1556]|I once was a stranger to grace and to God,I knew not my danger, and felt not my load;Though friends spoke in rapture of Christ on the tree,Jehovah Tsidkenu was nothing to me.I oft read with pleasure, to sooth or engage,Isaiah’s wild measure and John’s simple page;But e’en when they pictured the blood sprinkled treeJehovah Tsidkenu seemed nothing to me.Like tears from the daughters of Zion that roll,I wept when the waters went over His soul;Yet thought not that my sins had nailed to the treeJehovah Tsidkenu—’twas nothing to me.When free grace awoke me, by light from on high,Then legal fears shook me, I trembled to die;No refuge, no safety in self could I see—Jehovah Tsidkenu my Saviour must be.My terrors all vanished before the sweet Name;My guilty fears banished, with boldness I cameTo drink at the fountain, life giving and free—Jehovah Tsidkenu is all things to me.Jehovah Tsidkenu! my treasure and boast,Jehovah Tsidkenu! I ne’er can be lost;In Thee I shall conquer by flood and by field,My cable, my anchor, my breast-plate and shield! Even treading the valley, the shadow of death,This “watchword” shall rally my faltering breath;For while from life’s fever my God sets me free,Jehovah Tsidkenu, my death song shall be.
John Fowles, The Magus|He stared to sea. "I gave up all ideas of practicing medicine. In spite of what I have just said about the wave and the water, in those years in France I am afraid I lived a selfish life. That is, I offered myself every pleasure. I traveled a great deal. I lost some money dabbling in the theatre, but I made much more dabbling on the Bourse. I gained a great many amusing friends, some of whom are now quite famous. But I was never very happy. I suppose I was fortunate. It took me only five years to discover what some rich people never discover — that we all have a certain capacity for happiness and unhappiness. And that the economic hazards of life do not seriously affect it.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Don't allow the pride, ego and insecurities of others stunt your growth.
Raghuram Rajan|At Burning Man, the audience is the show: the boundaries between stage and public overlap and melt. Every form of self-expression, every fantasy... everything has a place. It's kind of a utopia, and everyone who sets foot in it is so impressed that they do their best to respect it and keep it alive.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|I can feel myself gently slipping away into a light trance by the quarter moon light as the candles are blown out, and my last thought is that we have gone back to the jungle, back to the great green womb—we have returned full circle from whence we came…
Ayi Kwei Armah|I did point out that I have no prophetic gifts. I write books because I tried to do something more useful and failed. Since I've been trained to write, I do that as a defense against total despair. And seeing people like you, who are actively engaged in trying to salvage pieces of our wrecked lives, gives me hope that after all we are not alone.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Eons of suffering, brutality and struggle have paved the way through the corridors of time to create this moment, where you exist as an exalted expression of life.
Don DeLillo, Zero K|Everyone has that moment I think, the moment when something so momentous happens that it rips your very being into small pieces. And then you have to stop. For a long time, you gather your pieces. And it takes such a very long time, not to fit them back together, but to assemble them in a new way, not necessarily a better way. More, a way you can live with until you know for certain that this piece should go there, and that one there.
Mehmet Murat ildan|...evolution propels itself by an inclination toward its next probable achievement." ("Desire")
Lailah Gifty Akita|Amazing life, a joyful journey.
Tom Piazza, Why New Orleans Matters|Mac Rebennack, better known as Dr. John, once told me that when a brass band plays at a small club back up in one of the neighborhoods, it's as if the audience--dancing, singing to the refrains, laughing--is part of the band. They are two parts of the same thing. The dancers interpret, or it might be better to say literally embody, the sounds of the band, answering the instruments. Since everyone is listening to different parts of the music--she to the trumpet melody, he to the bass drum, she to the trombone--the audience is a working model in three dimensions of the music, a synesthesic transformation of materials. And of course the band is also watching the dancers, and getting ideas from the dancers' gestures. The relationship between band and audience is in that sense like the relationship between two lovers making love, where cause and effect becomes very hard to see, even impossible to call by its right name; one is literally getting down, as in particle physics, to some root stratum where one is freed from the lockstop of time itself, where time might even run backward, or sideways, and something eternal and transcendent is accessed.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Giving generously in romantic relationships, and in all other bonds, means recognizing when the other person needs our attention. Attention is an important resource.
Stephen Richards|No matter whether you believe in luck or chance, the final decision is from yourself.
Marty Rubin|Be independent, and do what you will.
Howard Pyle, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood|Sleep that knits up the raveled sleave of care,The death of each day's life, sore labor's bath,Balm of hurt minds, great nature's second course,Chief nourisher in life's feast.
Rebecca Aguilar|We have to defend views we don't share and impose them on the public; deal with questions we don't understand and vulgarize them for the gallery. We can't have ideas of our own, we have to have those of the editor; and even the editor doesn't have the right to think with his own head, because when he's sent for by the board of directors he has to stifle his own views, if he has any, and support those of the shareholders.
Aporva Kala, Alchemist of the East|He did not see the huge armies but the world divided into two opposites camps: the right and the wrong, the good and the evil, the aggressor and the defender, the unrighteous and the righteous, the arrogant and the humble. It is not the people who are inclined to fight against each other but the men who lead them. Humanity as a rule wants to relate with each other and wars are an exception to this rule.
Nicholas Sparks|And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered. But most of all, I learned that life is about sitting on benches next to ancient creeks with my hand on her knee and sometimes, on good days, for falling in love.
Tom Colicchio|Being funny, it turns out, is like being a bank. It's a confidence trick. As long as everyone believes in you, you are fine.
Michael Caine|To act coolly, intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.
Patty Jenkins|The threat today is not that of the 1930s. It's not big powers going to war with each other. The ravages which fundamentalist political ideology inflicted on the 20th century are memories. The Cold war is over. Europe is at peace, if not always diplomatically.
Debasish Mridha|To expand our life, be loving and kind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the turbulence, lift up your voice and praise God. He will fight the battle for you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Scripture indicates that deception, false religions, and apostasy lead to war, and that war in turn leads to famine and pestilence.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Let's say you're walking around and you find a watch on the ground. As you examine it, you marvel at the intricately complex interweaving of its parts, a means to an end. Surely you wouldn't think this marvel would have come about by itself. The watch must have a maker. Just as the watch has such complex means to an end, so does nature to a much greater extent. Just look at the complexity of the human eye. Thus we must conclude that nature has a maker too.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Daily life is an ongoing adaptation process of imprinting our memory’s storage center with useful data and the ceaseless expurgation of undesirable facts, exfoliation of destructive thoughts, and weeding out annoying emotional quirks that seemingly sprout out of thin air.
Thabo Katlholo|People who don't exercise their freedom of voting (choosing their leaders) are irresponsible. Such people have no right to complain or want more than what they are receiving from the government. Intentional failure to vote is cowardly, irresponsible and a sign of ignorance.
Marty Rubin|My life is my book, but I can't read it.
Paul Davies, The Fifth Miracle: The Search for the Origin and Meaning of Life|Many investigators feel uneasy stating in public that the origin of life is a mystery, even though behind closed doors they admit they are baffled.
Eva Hagberg|I wanted to relay a first hand experience to an audience possibly struggling to understand just what living with an autoimmune condition means,” Connery says. “It's a difficult journey and very much misunderstood by our friends and family – I hope this book can help to change that.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|We cannot go back to the lost oral world, any more than we can turn the clock back to a time before the clock existed. 'Writing and print and the computer,' writes Walter Ong, 'are all ways of technologizing the word'; and once technologized, the word cannot be de-technologized.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt,It lies behind stars and under hills,And empty holes it fills,It comes first and follows after,Ends life, kills laughter.
Stephanie  Thornton, The Secret History: A Novel of Empress Theodora|Love suffers long and is kind. Love does not parade itself, is not arrogant or rude, does not seek its own, thinks no evil; does not rejoice in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Do something with your one life, instead of following others. While just watching your one life pass you by.
Peggi Speers, The Inspired Caregiver: Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|If you have no money, men won't care for you, women won't love you; won't, that is, care for you or love you the last little bit that matters.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|It's all part of my spirituality,as the wind softly kisses my face, and the world travels beneath me.
Terra Elan McVoy, After the Kiss|and it is hard to let go, to imagine alternatives, but you are bold with unknowing, you are ready to explore.
J. C. Watts|It's my personal opinion, and I firmly believe, that it's important that I keep sports and politics separate.
John Lennon|You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
Evangeline Lilly|During the 'ballad' years for me, the politics was latent; I was just falling in love with the ballads and my boyfriend. And there was the beauty of the songs.
Eckhart Tolle|The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.
Lady Gaga|My dad was an autoworker, my mom was a clerk. Until I was thirty-five, I never made more than fifteen thousand dollars a year.
Hachiman Hikigaya|I want to reply with a long message, but if it's too long, that might be kind of revolting. But if it's too short, then I might come off as cold instead. Feeling apprehensive of what to do, I decided to reply back with a similar word count instead. This was what they called "mirroring" in psychology. By emulating the actions of the other party, your affection levels would increase!
Michael Fassbender|No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.
Lee Trevino|I have an orthopedic pillow that's made out of a sponge material. I have a plate in my throat, and I have to be careful or I could end up with a bad neck in the morning. That pillow is a must everywhere I go.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|You see, the longer you put a problem off, the worse it becomes
Jane Casey|The last I knew you were going to a party. just a few friends at the McEvoys' you told me. The science club, you told me. What happened? You got into a fight about the theory of relativity? Did creationists crash the party and start a rumble?
Socrates, Apology|If there's something I'm not good at, it's usually because I just organically despise it. I can't help that. I'm fabulous at too many other things to waste my time faking it.
Leonard Ravenhill, Why Revival Tarries: A Classic on Revival|The Spirit and theWord must be combined. If I look to the Spirit alone without the Word, I lay myself open to great delusionsalso. If the Holy Ghost guides us at all, He will do it according to the Scriptures and never contrary to them.
Jk Rowling|I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters," - Harry Potter
Neel Burton, For Better For Worse: Should I Get Married?|Just as Prometheus delivered stolen fire to man, so Eve, and the serpent, delivered man into self-consciousness, setting him up, were it not for his short lifespan, as rival to God. At the same time, man’s self-consciousness removed him from nature into a life of toil, doubt, fear, guilt, shame, blame, enmity, loneliness, and frailty—and the product of this separation, the fruit and flower of this exile, is, of course, culture. ‘God,’ said the writer Victor Hugo, ‘made only water, but man made wine.
Jenna Harte, Deadly Valentine|I feel relieved, reborn, I'm me again.Free from heartbreak, that strong yet invisible chain,That stymied me from living again.
Kahlil Gibran|God bless the lawn mower, he thought. Who was the fool who made January first New Year’s Day? No, they should set a man to watch the grasses across a million Illinois, Ohio, and Iowa lawns, and on that morning when it was long enough for cutting, instead of ratchets and horns and yelling, there should be a great swelling symphony of lawn mowers reaping fresh grass upon the prairie lands. Instead of confetti and serpentine, people should throw grass spray at each other on the one day each year that really represents Beginning!
Hunter S. Thompson|I like joy; I want to be joyous; I want to have fun on the set; I want to wear beautiful clothes and look pretty. I want to smile, and I want to make people laugh. And that's all I want. I like it. I like being happy. I want to make others happy.
Charlie Sheen|That's the way it is with poetry: When it is incomprehensible it seems profound, and when you understand it, it is only ridiculous.
Liz Braswell, Once Upon a Dream|Aurora looked into the mirror and smiled. She was pretty. She was a royal princess. There was about to be a ball. These were things she could, once in a while, allow herself to be happy about.
Ravi Howard|Ask yourself this question: Of this had been a white child found dead in a black neighborhood, would they be knocking on every door? 'Yes, sir.' Searching high and low? 'Yes, indeed.' It this had been a white child, would they paint him as a sinner and not a saint? 'Lord, no...
Farshad Asl|If you want innovation, growth, and culture, invest in people, not technology. Technology can't lead, love, or connect.
Anthony T. Hincks|I count my blessings as follows:1) I'm alive.2) Beauty is in the world all around me.3) I share my love with everyone and not just a select few.4) I give thanks to whoever made and created us no matter which religion it my be.5) I never stop smiling, laughing and being happy.6) I try and help those who need it the most.7) I try not to hate, injure or kill anything or anyone.8) I share what I have even if I don't have a much.9) I write and share my thoughts so that it may bring comfort to other people.10) I never ask for anything for me from anyone.11) I follow the other 10 blessings.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Third, the Stubborn Mind: These are the people who are not willing to explore the intuitions hidden in their religious holy scriptures towards the Soul-Realisation.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|And starward drifts the stricken world,Lone in unalterable gloomDead, with a universe for tomb,Dark, and to vaster darkness whirled.(“The Testimony of the Suns”)
Aleksandr Anufriyev, What's the Time|If you think that you can outrun time, you must be thinking fiction.
P. Remes|Love, forgiveness, modesty, humility and gratitude are most important virtues in life.
Kage Baker|He holds her with the strength of a million-man army, but with all the tenderness of her heart lying naked in the palms of his hands.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|Kaladin frowned. “Wait. Are you wearing cologne? In prison?”“Well, there was no need to be barbaric, just because I was incarcerated.”“Storms, you’re spoiled,” Kaladin said, smiling.“I’m refined, you insolent farmer,” Adolin said. Then he grinned. “Besides, I’ll have you know that I had to use cold water for my baths while here.”“Poor boy.
Ramsay Burt, The Male Dancer: Bodies, Spectacle and Sexuality|[... Dance] involves every possible feeling (as potential), because it is of the body, which is lived (inescapably) as a body of feeling. Some of these feelings we can name, and some we cannot, since we associate feelings with language only when we name them. The body lives sentience on a preverbal level. Dance exists first on this primordial level, not on an intellectual plane (even though it requires skill and intelligence). Its inmost substance cannot be reasoned, only experienced.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Children are the closest we have to wisdom, and they become adults the moment that final drop of everything mysterious is strained from them.
Henry James, The Jolly Corner|Because of this false idea, they devised an aesthetic belief in making the exterior of an object a reflection of the practical functions of the interior and of the constructive idea. Yet these analyses of utility and necessity that, according to their beliefs, should be the basis for the construction of any object created by humanity become immediately absurd once we analyze all the object being manufactured today. A fork or a bed cannot come to be considered necessary for humanity's life and health, and yet retain a relative value.They are 'learned necessities.' Modern human beings are suffocating under necessities like televisions, refrigerators, etc. And in the process making it impossible to live their real lives. Obviously we are not against modern technology, but we are against any notion of the absolute necessity of objects, to the point even of doubting their real utility.'Asger Jorn
Charlyn Khater|if love is not the answer, make sure to change the question.
Patti Davis|Every three seconds in the developing world, a child dies needlessly due to lack of basic health care and other things we all take for granted.
Hillary Clinton|If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Anthony T. Hincks|I'm not going to let you go " He was silent for a moment. "Carly " he said gently. "Remember when we were first engaged
Johnny Otis|I do a lot of teen shows and voice over work for animation, so when I got the part in 'The Number 23,' it was really cool because now I get to be in a movie with Jim Carrey. Acting in this movie was really a learning experience for me.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|Adventure,' then, is what might otherwise be called hardship if it were attempted in a different spirit. Turning a difficult task or a perilous journey into an adventure is largely a matter of telling yourself the right story about it, which is one thing that Lewis's child characters have learned from reading, 'the right books.
John M. McHugh|Language is an inadequate form of communication. If you've picked up an instrument, it's because you don't feel you are communicating sufficiently.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|When her body first hit the net, all I registered was a gray blur. I pulled her across it and her hand was small, but warm, and then she stood before me, short and thin and plain and in all ways unremarkable- except that she had jumped first. The stiff had jumped first.Even I didn't jump first.Her eyes were so stern, so insistent.Beautiful.
Sunday Adelaja|People who know God truly change the life of their nation, and not the government
Anonymous|I sense the joy of young and old,I hear wondrous tales told,Beauty surrounds me as I gaze above,But I am alone for I live without love.
Nicola An, The Universe at Heartbeat|If we learn to love someone for their imperfections that reflect our own, we eventually thought that even the most beautiful things are damaged
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And if Francoise then, inspired like a poet with a flood of confused reflections upon bereavement, grief, and family memories, were to plead her inability to rebut my theories, saying: "I don't know how to espress (sic) myself" - I would triumph over her with an ironical and brutal common sense worthy of Dr. Percepied; and if she went on: "All the same she was a geological (sic) relation; there is always the respect due to your geology (sic)," I would shrug my shoulders and say: "It is really very good of me to discuss the matter with an illiterate old woman who cannot speak her own language," adopting, to deliver judgment on Francoise, the mean and narrow outlook of the pedant, whom those who are most contemptuous of him in the impartiality of their own minds are only too prone to copy when they are obliged to play a part upon the vulgar stage of life.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|See, the world is full of things more powerful than us. But if you know how to catch a ride, you can go places,
Reif Larsen, I Am Radar|This was the curse of the voracious reader, she realized. Real life never quite measured up to the heightened and precise contours of her literary worlds. A real war was never as true as a fictive one.
Steven Brust, Iorich|There was a sergeant at a desk. I knew he was a sergeant because I recognized the marks on his uniform, and I knew it was a desk because it's always a desk. There's always someone at a desk, except when it's a table that functions as a desk. You sit behind a desk, and everyone knows you're supposed to be there, and that you're doing something that involves your brain. It's an odd, special kind of importance. I think everyone should get a desk; you can sit behind it when you feel like you don't matter.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Dark matter is on the move,It's spreading out its wings,It is the culmination,Of all our bad things.It was never in the beginning,But then man came along,And changed the equation,I bid you all...So Long.
Harland Sanders, The Autobiography of the Original Celebrity Chef|We were girls once. As hard as that is to believe. //Oh you can't see it now--our bodies have stretched and sagged, faces and necks drooping. That's what happens when you get old. Every part of you drops, as if the body is moving closer to where it's from and where it'll return.
|The junkie ignites his feelings with ugly synthetic substances, and the emotions that were meant to last for a lifetime burn away in full force in a couple of short years.
Mark Forster, Do It Tomorrow and Other Secrets of Time Management|Many articles and books on creativity encourage us to 'think out of the box' and get rid of all the restrictions on our thinking. The trouble with this advice is that it is almost entirely wrong. It is very difficult to be creative when 'anything goes' and you have no limitations, because it is the limitations that actually encourage creativity.
Eminem|Now, now my good man, this is no time to be making enemies."(Voltaire on his deathbed in response to a priest asking him that he renounce Satan.)
Joey Lawsin|The bible when taken metaphorically, provides us the truth about god; but when taken literally, the bible provides as the truth about man.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|We built tall buildings, but we have not become any taller.
Katie Renee Ward|When you accidentally assert power over someone or something, one of two things will happen: 1) you will be respected; or 2) you will be hated
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|In my opinion, the state of mind of a community is always directly due to the influence of the man at the top.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t monitor your life, you will regret it. If you don’t measure your life, you will regret it.
Stant Litore, Strangers in the Land|I once laughed at the vanity of women of thirty or forty who whitened their ruddy old skin with lead, but now I know such salves are not disguises for old crones who wish to catch a young husband. Instead they are only a mask we wear so that we can, for a little while, still recognize ourselves.
Jodi Meadows, Incarnate|Without any music, I started to dance. I wanted the music to be inside me, or at least for it to appear that way. I imagined myself the lead with an audience here to see me perform in a famous ballet. In my fantasy, there was no panic attack. I was free to dance. Free to be me.
R.A.Delmonico|An echo is an imperfect copy of the original, it is information but it is information from a different time and place.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|But maybe no one knew that much. Maybe everyone was making it up as they went along, the same as me.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Who knows, you may be that close. You could be uncovering a blind spot or two away to take your career to the next height...
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|She had searched for just the right guy; sensitive and gentle and willing to wait. Quite a long search, of course. She was looking for some imaginary man who cared more about having someone to talk to and see movies with than he needed to have sex, because she was just Not Ready for That. Did I say imaginary? Well yes. Human men are not like that.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|If somewhere deep within me arises some essenceof having been a child, one I never experienced,perhaps the purest childness of my childhood,I don’t want to know it. Without even looking,I want to form an angel out of itand hurl him into the foremost rankof screaming angels, to remind God.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Just because you call an electric eel a rubber duck doesn't make it a rubber duck, does it? And God help the poor bastard who decides they want to take a bath with the duckie. (Jace Wayland)
Shigeru Miyamoto|Today is a really bad day, Syd. A really, really bad day. Sometimes in life, we need a few bad days in order to keep the good ones in perspective
Peter McWilliams|When we put things off until some future-probably mythical-Laterland, we drag the past into the future. The burden of yesterday's incompletions is a heavy load to carry. Don't carry it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you choose a career that is aligned with your passion, the work becomes irrelevant because anticipation and fulfillment can outweigh everything.
Michael Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|It's only when you learn, live and give sincere service that you can experience life's deepest fulfillment and true joy
Tim Heidecker|People here argue about religion interminably, but it appears that they are competing at the same time to see who can be the least devout.
Anselm of Canterbury|For I do not seek to understand so that I may believe; but I believe so that I may understand. For I believe this also, that unless I believe, I shall not understand.
Delta Goodrem|I have found life an enjoyable, enchanting, active, and sometime terrifying experience, and I've enjoyed it completely. A lament in one ear, maybe, but always a song in the other.
J.L. Sheppard, Burdened By Desire|He would never forget her. The distance he forced had done nothing to soothe his aching soul. It had done nothing to diminish that she was his. He tried to deny it at first, thinking it nothing more than a cosmic mistake, but after a month without a glimpse of her, there was no question.She belonged to him.
Edward Hirsch|The sense of flowing, which is so crucial to song, is also crucial to poetry.
Viggo Mortensen|When music is allowed to take the place of devotion and prayer, it is a terrible curse. Young people assemble together to sing, and, although professed Christians, frequently dishonor God and their faith by their frivolous conversation and their choice of music.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|FAIL UP. If something doesn’t go how you planned it, learn from it, do something differently next time. And, by the way, effort deserves credit. Pat yourself on the back!
Michael Johnson|Love is the best school, but the tuition is high and the homework can be painful.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Knowledge of Nature is an account at bank, where each dividend is added to the principal and the interest is ever compounded; and hence it is that human progress, founded on natural knowledge, advances with ever increasing speed.
Matt Ross|On television and in the movies, crimes are always solved. Nothing is left uncertain. By the end, the viewer knows whodunit. In real life, on the other hand, many murders remain unsolved, and even some that are 'solved' to the satisfaction of the police and prosecutors lack sufficient evidence to result in a conviction.
John A. Widtsoe, An Understandable Religion|A life without an objective is much like a ship at sea with no port in mind. It drifts with the waves or storms, or with the whim of the captain. They are tempted to ask, amidst the battles of life, "Is the struggle worth-while?" That attitude lessens the joy of living. They who say that there is no purpose in life are not unhappy, but become dangerous to themselves and others, for they have no safe guide for their actions. Indeed, life has not objective save physical satisfactions, it is empty and valueless.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|I guess I always felt even if the world came to an end, McDonald's would still be open.
Noah Feldman|Secularism is categorically not saying that the religious may not speak out publicly or have a say in public life. It is about saying that religion alone should not confer a privileged say in public life, or greater influence on it. It really is as simple as that.
H. P. Lovecraft|All of the development I do is with the help of business advisors who are more like my best friends than just business people. They helped me as I created Ipsy back in 2011, which is a beauty community that ships out sampling bags to subscribers.
Margaret Atwood, Alias Grace|That the public library is a part of the educational system should never be lost sight of in the work of establishing it, or in its management. To the great mass of the people it comes as their first and only educational opportunity.
Sofia Samatar, A Stranger in Olondria|The silence. End of all poetry, all romances. Earlier, frightened, you began to have some intimation of it: so many pages had been turned, the book was so heavy in one hand, so light in the other, thinning toward the end. Still, you consoled yourself. You were not quite at the end of the story, at that terrible flyleaf, blank like a shuttered window: there were still a few pages under your thumb, still to be sought and treasured. Oh, was it possible to read more slowly? - No. The end approached, inexorable, at the same measured pace. The last page, the last of the shining words! And there - the end of the books. The hard cover which, when you turn it, gives you only this leather stamped with old roses and shields.Then the silence comes, like the absence of sound at the end of the world. You look up. It's a room in an old house. Or perhaps it's a seat in a garden, or even a square; perhaps you've been reading outside and you suddenly see the carriages going by. Life comes back, the shadows of leaves. Someone comes to ask what you will have for dinner, or two small boys run past you, wildly shouting; or else it's merely a breeze blowing a curtain, the white unfurling into a room, brushing the papers on a desk. It is the sound of the world. But to you, the reader, it is only a silence, untenanted and desolate.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|All our unique human achievements may seem to be the creation of the unique human mind, but they are simply the by- products of our neurobiological response to the environment.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|The sun was boiling, the swaying was uncomfortable, the horse stank. She felt wonderful
Mary Oliver|Imagination is better than a sharp instrument. To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work.
G.Axis|He wasn't into one-night stands, he wasn't into scoring just to see if he could, he wasn't into acting just charming enough to get what he wanted before cutting loose in favor of someone new and attractive. He just wasn't like that. He would never be like that. When he met a girl, the first question he asked himself wasn't whether she was good for a few dates; it was whether she was the kind of girl he could imagine spending time with in the long haul.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|I will honor my ancestors in StarClan, but not those who have ever walked in the Dark Forest. Guide my steps wisely, warriors of the past. And warriors of now.
Donald Trump|Before I was married to Martin and became a King, I was a proud Scott, shaped by my mother's discernment and my father's strength.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|I hate it when storm clouds roll in, heralded by dazzling claps of thunder and lightning that boast an ocean of tears. This majestic performance of bad temper manages to overshadow my pathetic attempts at pouting. No one broods like Mother Nature, hence she steals all the attention I was sulking after.
Albert Einstein|The day you find out the purpose of your existence, is the day you get to know the value of your being.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|As some heads cannot carry much wine, so it would seem that I cannot bear so much society as you can. I have an immense appetite for solitude, like an infant for sleep, and if I don’t get enough of it this year I shall cry all the next.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The difference between working for a salary and working for your promise land is that when you work for a salary, you are exchanging your life just for some porridge, some little compensation in the form of salary.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.
Alina Klein, Rape Girl|The consequences of our actions take hold of us, quite indifferent to our claim that meanwhile we have 'improved.
Sterling Hayden, Wanderer|The dreams of youth grow dim where they lie caked with dust on the shelves of patience. Before we know it, the tomb is sealed.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|He will make you happy, Fanny; I know he will make you happy; but you will make him everything.
Hans Askenasy, Are We All Nazis?|The realization, early in high school, that a particle behaved differently if observed or left alone.
Tom Ford|I'm such a fan girl when it comes to movies, TV and sci-fi, sometimes I can't believe I actually get to be in them.
Jo Cox|A lot of the time we think finances are immediately linked to experience, opportunities, image, and all sorts of important things that can progress us in life. Sometimes they're not. Finances can be completely irrelevant if you allow yourself to feel like things are going well.
Margaret Atwood|UPYou wake up filled with dread.There seems no reason for it.Morning light sifts through the window,there is birdsong,you can't get out of bed.It's something about the crumpled sheetshanging over the edge like junglefoliage, the terry slippers gapingtheir dark pink mouths for your feet,the unseen breakfast--some of itin the refrigerator you do not dareto open--you will not dare to eat.What prevents you? The future. The future tense,immense as outer space.You could get lost there.No. Nothing so simple. The past, its densityand drowned events pressing you down,like sea water, like gelatinfilling your lungs instead of air.Forget all that and let's get up.Try moving your arm.Try moving your head.Pretend the house is on fireand you must run or burn.No, that one's useless.It's never worked before.Where is it coming form, this echo,this huge No that surrounds you,silent as the folds of the yellowcurtains, mute as the cheerfulMexican bowl with its cargoof mummified flowers?(You chose the colours of the sun,not the dried neutrals of shadow.God knows you've tried.)Now here's a good one:you're lying on your deathbed.You have one hour to live.Who is it, exactly, you have neededall these years to forgive?
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Tap into ‘The Force’ and soon, at any given time that you need that extra shot of high octane confidence; you will soon be like a Jedi Master at this technique.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I just held her hand and tried to imagine the world without us and for about one second I was a good enough person to hope she died so she would never know that I was going, too. But then I wanted more time so we could fall in love.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|In the empty immensity of earth, sky, and water, there she was, incomprehensible, firing into a continent.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|I’m beginning to think that maybe it’s okay to be a blank canvas. Maybe it’s okay that my future is unknown. And maybe,” I say with another smile, “it’s okay to be inspired by the people who do know their future.
Milo Yiannopoulos|There was a gay man who lived nearby when I was growing up,’ Harry recounted. ‘He must have been forty or so, lived alone, and everyone in the neighbourhood knew he was gay. In the winter we threw snowballs at him, shouted “buttfucker” then ran like mad, convinced he would give us one up the backside if he caught us. But he never came after us, just pulled his hat further down over his ears and walked home. One day, suddenly, he moved. He never did anything to me, and I’ve always wondered why I hated him so much.’‘People are afraid of what they don’t understand. And hate what they’re afraid of.
Philip Ball, The Devil's Doctor: Paracelsus and the World of Renaissance Magic and Science|I always feel that young doctors are only too anxious too experiment. After they've whipped out all our teeth, and administered quantities of very peculiar glands, and removed bits of our insides, they then confess that nothing can be done for us. I really prefer the old-fashioned remedy of big black bottles of medicine. After all, one can always pour those down the sink.
Marvin Ammori|Sport is increasingly played according to the tune, and rules, of those with the biggest bucks, whether their practices be legal or illegal.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|What we think, we become.
Thomas Kuhn|If we wish to make a new world we have the material ready. The first one, too, was made out of chaos.
Anita Krizzan|I've been living in the shadow of empty people for far too long. Now I need to find chests full of wild lilies, minds full of wonder, hearts full of light.
Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading|Each book was a world unto itself, and in it I took refuge.
Robin Bielman|What if just you and I hung out, like last summer?" Nick sat up and began twirling a lock of my wet hair around his finger. "Josh never needs to know.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Men may die, but the fabrics of free institutions remains unshaken.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Meet struggle and master it, says nature, and you shall have strength and wisdom sufficient for all your needs.
Sophocles, The Complete Greek Tragedies|TEIRESIAS:I tell you, king, this man, this murderer(whom you have long declared you are in search of,indicting him in threatening proclamationas murderer of Laius)- he is here.In name he is a stranger among citizensbut soon he will be shown to be a citizentrue native Theban, and he'll have no joyof the discovery: blindness for sightand beggary for riches his exchange,he shall go journeying to a foreign countrytapping his way before him with a stick.He shall be proved father and brother bothto his own children in his house; to herthat gave him birth, a son and husband both;a fellow sower in his father's bedwith that same father that he murdered.Go within, reckon that out, and if you find memistaken, say I have no skill in prophecy.
Radhanath Swami|Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity.
Matthew Norman, Domestic Violets|If a car can represent something, this one represents contradiction. For most of his life, my dad has been able to have any woman he wants. In response, he’s gone through as many as possible, betraying each for someone younger and more absurd. Conversely, for most of his life he’s been able to have any car he wants, too. In response, he’s remained married to this, a 1982 Porsche with a tricky clutch.
Brooke Stonex, The Media Kills: Reality Horror by Brooke Stonex|I always said I acted like a twelve-year old, so I decided to write like a twelve-year old.
|Despite where you stand in life at the moment, always remember that your presence on earth matters as much as everyone else's.
Saiber, Stardust and Sheets|When did you first fall in love?""I think, I first fell in lovewhen I was in fifth gradewith this boy who kept his glass ruler in the sunlight and made rainbows on my desk with it.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Tanith frowned. Did people still go on DATES any more? She was sure they did. They probably called it something different though. She tried to think of the last date she'd been on. The last PROPER date. Did fighting side by side with Saracen Rue count as a date? They ended up snuggling under the moonlight, drenched in gore and pieces of brain - so it had PROBABLY been a date. If it wasn't, it was certainly a fun time had by all. Well, not ALL. But she and Saracen had sure had a blast.
Katie Reus, Protective Instinct|Turning on him, she placed her hands on her hips, glad he was still sitting. "You keep telling me that I need to be sure, but I'm starting to think this is all your bullshit, Ryan O'Callaghan." His eyes widened a fraction, but she continued, letting the steam that had been building inside her break free just a tiny bit. "I know what I want and I'm not going to beg you to mate with me.
Christina Henry, Black Wings|I smiled. “You mean like a psychic imprint? I know your assistant director of the Preternatural Division, and I mean no disrespect, but I never got the feeling you believed in magic as an investigative tool.'From the book 9 Incarnate - Caitlin Diggs Series
Umair Naeem, Drowning Shadows|Worry looks back, Hope looks forward, but Faith always looks up.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Why won't they let me be? I just need to rest, that's all, to rest and sleep some, and maybe die a little.
Henry Johnson Jr|If it’s not clear enough in the piece, I love it when people things to me they know and I’m interested in but don’t yet know. It’s when they explain things to me I know and they don’t that the conversation goes awry.
Tammy Bruce|I do not care so much for the death of my gunner, as for other passages of my voyage, for I have good friends in England that will bring me off for that.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|The sea reminds me of my finiteness, limitations, minuteness and powerlessness, because the sea is none of these.
Ignatius of Loyola|If our church is not marked by caring for the poor, the oppressed, the hungry, we are guilty of heresy.
Robert Kennedy|I think a common misperception about attuning and tending to a child's needs so constantly is that they don't grow in their independence, but I think that the opposite is true.
Massimo Marino|When the Universe is taken into account, nothing is impossible.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|If she did experience sex--or something close to it--in high school, I'm sure it would have been less out of sexual desire or love than literary curiosity.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I am Dead, but it's not so bad. I've learned to live with it.
M.F. Moonzajer|You are gone! Sky looks dark, ground looks dirty and I feel lost.
Lidia Roldán|I wasn’t able to be that person for you, and I did a terrible thing. I feel awful about it. But there was something wrong between us from the start, as if we’d done the buttons up wrong.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|Not everything's perfect, especially in the beginning. And its all right to have a little bit of regret every once in a while. It's when you feel it all the time and can't do anything about it... that's when you get into trouble
Edmond About|When a marriage works, nothing on earth can take its place.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|Elizabeth had never been more at a loss to make her feelings appear what they were not. It was necessary to laugh, when she would rather have cried.
Ruth Padel, Tigers In Red Weather: A Quest for the Last Wild Tigers|The goal is not to answer these questions. The goal is to be present to them with all that we are. In a way we are following the poet Rilke's advice when he counseled the young artist, "be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along into the answer.
Dee Williams|Some feel the love; some understand it, and some sense it; but no matter what you do, love is always there if you search for it, and deep inside everyone’s heart you will find your home to sleep there forever and feel the heaven.
Samuel Adams|There is nothing is more musical than a sunset. He who feels what he sees will find no more beautiful example of development in all that book which, alas, musicians read but too little - the book of Nature.
Wilma Mankiller|Though many non-Native Americans have learned very little about us, over time we have had to learn everything about them. We watch their films, read their literature, worship in their churches, and attend their schools. Every third-grade student in the United States is presented with the concept of Europeans discovering America as a "New World" with fertile soil, abundant gifts of nature, and glorious mountains and rivers. Only the most enlightened teachers will explain that this world certainly wasn't new to the millions of indigenous people who already lived here when Columbus arrived.
Kim Edwards|I plan to see St. Louis as a global competitor. As an international trade hub, as an incubator of new companies, as a place of culture and the arts, as a magnet for immigrants, for entrepreneurs, for animal lovers, and for gays, as a city of parks and trails, and as the sort of place that figures in young people's dreams.
Raheel Farooq|Oh, girl! He's got a big one,” the fortune teller exclaimed, her dark eyes briefly flickering up to Violet's face before returning back to the cards spread out in front of her. She paused for a moment as she studied them, her pointer finger tapping against her jaw. Finally, she added, “Just like a summer sausage, and I'm not talking about the snack-sized ones. And it's attached to a body that could put Dwayne Johnson to shame. What women could resist a package like that? I'd say the future is definitely going to be bright... at least for you.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|Feminism has both undone the hierarchy in which the elements aligned with the masculine were given greater value than those of the feminine and undermined the metaphors that aligned these broad aspects of experience with gender. So, there goes women and nature. What does it leave us with? One thing is a political mandate to decentralize privilege and power and equalize access, and that can be a literal spatial goal too, the goal of our designed landscapes and even the managed ones -- the national parks, forests, refuges, recreation areas, and so on.
Dustin Lynch|Work is about more than making a living, as vital as that is. It's fundamental to human dignity, to our sense of self-worth as useful, independent, free people.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No book can truly be original, but there are always way to make it unique.
Charity Shea|When I first broke through, there was only NBC, CBS and ABC, and they had news in the morning and in the evening - there wasn't no 24-hour news.
Ufuoma Apoki|The more you try, so desperately, to prove a point to get someone's approval, the more fleeting that approval might be, causing a chain of depreciation of self-esteem. Sometimes, all you need do is truly love yourself and get only the approval and acceptance of the inner self.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|I’m trying to help,” Albert said.“By paying him with beer?”“I paid him what he wanted, and Sam was okay with it. You were at the meeting,” Albert said. “Look, how else do you think you get someone like Orc to spend hours in the hot sun working? Astrid seems to think people will work just because we ask them to. Maybe some will. But Orc?”Lana could see his point. “Okay. I shouldn’t have jumped all over you.”“It’s okay. I’m getting used to it,” Albert said. “Suddenly I’m the bad guy. But you know what? I didn’t make people the way they are. If kids are going to work, they’re going to want something back.”“If they don’t work, we all starve.”“Yeah. I get that,” Albert said with more than a tinge of sarcasm. “Only, here’s the thing: Kids know we won’t let them starve as long as there’s any food left, right? So they figure, hey, let someone else do the work. Let someone else pick cabbages and artichokes.”Lana wanted to get back to her run. She needed to finish, to run to the FAYZ wall. But there was something fascinating about Albert. “Okay. So how do you get people to work?”He shrugged. “Pay them.”“You mean, money?”“Yeah. Except guess who had most of the money in their wallets and purses when they disappeared? Then a few kids stole what was left in cash registers and all. So if we start back using the old money we just make a few thieves powerful. It’s kind of a problem.”“Why is a kid going to work for money if they know we’ll share the food, anyway?” Lana asked.“Because some will do different stuff for money. I mean, look, some kids have no skills, right? So they pick the food for money. Then they take the money and spend it with some kid who can maybe cook the food for them, right? And that kid maybe needs a pair of sneakers and some other kid has rounded up all the sneakers and he has a store.”Lana realized her mouth was open. She laughed. The first time in a while.“Fine. Laugh,” Albert said, and turned away.“No, no, no,” Lana hastened to say. “No, I wasn’t making fun of you. It’s just that, I mean, you’re the only kid that has any kind of a plan for anything.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|Our thoughts are causes. You sow a thought, you reap an action. You sow an action, you reap a habit. You sow a habit, you reap a character. You sow a character, you reap a destiny. It all starts with a thought.
Kathryn Purdie, Crystal Blade|I believe in you, Sonya. You're a girl who can do impossible things. No one like you has walked this world. I regret not realizing that sooner.
George Carlin|I don't think it matters how many parents you've got, so long as the ones who are around make their presence in a long way.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|There are some kinds of wounds you can get, internal injuries. You don't know what's wrong with you, but you're bleeding to death slowly inside.
Jamie Luner|Is it possible that I am not alone in believing that in the dispute between Galileo and the Church, the Church was right and the centre of man's universe is the earth?
Daniel Ionson|There but for the... good choices I've made, genetics, psychological conditioning, and 10K random elements, go I.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America, Part One: Millennium Approaches|There was no more reasonable sequitur between “provocation” and “reaction” in the case of the French Revolution than in the case of the Jews and the Nazis, the Armenians and the young Turks, the old Russian regime, the Kerensky interlude and bolshevism, Portuguese colonial rule in Angola and the horrors perpetrated by savage monsters of Holden Roberto’s “Liberation Front,” the Belgian administration in the Congo and the delirious atrocities of Gbenye and Mulele, British colonialism in Kenya and the Mau-Mau. We have to face the fact that man is not “good”—only the extraordinary man is, only the heroic saint or the saintly hero, while the noble savage belongs to the world of fairy tales.
Erik Larson|If the expansion of a global legal regime for communication technologies gains traction, the effects to the global economy as well as our individual liberties will be severe.
Paulo Coelho|In life, each person cantake one of two attitudes: to build or to plant. The builders mighttake years over their tasks, but one day, they finish what they’redoing. Then they find they’re hemmed in by their own walls. Lifeloses its meaning when the building stops.Then there are those who plant. They endure storms and allthe many vicissitudes of the seasons, and they rarely rest. But,unlike a building, a garden never stops growing. And while it requiresthe gardener’s constant attention, it also allows life for thegardener to be a great adventure.Gardeners always recognize one another, because they knowthat in the history of each plant lies the growth of the wholeWorld.
Yusef Komunyakaa|Successful prime-time television of any genre produces some kind of emotional reaction in the viewers. There are a lot of different emotions to tap into. The emotion of the reward of discovery, the feeling of righteous anger, the feelings of pathos and sadness, or sentimentality of being moved by something.
Daniel Willey|What we now call "morality" was evolved – as nearly all social and physical human attributes were – to aid us in survival and, ultimately, reproduction. This morality requires only that we be guided by our developed conscience (or "moral sense") – and not a God or gods.
H.M. Ward, The Wedding Contract|The trouble with anger is, it gets hold of you. And then you aren't the master of yourself. Anger is.
Roger B. Taney|Freedom is a timeless value. The United Nations Charter calls for encouraging respect for fundamental freedoms. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights mentions freedom more than twenty times. All countries have committed to protecting individual freedoms on paper - but in practice, too many break their pledge.
Thomas Paine|People who believe in freedom of expression have spent several centuries fighting against censorship, in whatever form. We have to be certain the 'Net' doesn't become the site for technological book burning.
Adam Kovacevic|A con artist, a total imposter, had played on my desires for the Cinderella dream and won a Monopoly trip to jail. I had hoped for uprightness, integrity, and potentially a relationship. Longing overshadowed the voice of conscience.
Parker Tyler, Screening The Sexes|...There are as many sexes as there are individuals...the seeming neat correspondence between male and female organs is not the end, but the beginning, of sexuality.
George Gaylord Simpson|I don't think that evolution is supremely important because it is my specialty; it is my specialty because I think it is supremely important. [In: Edward J. Larson (2004) Evolution, Modern Library. p. 250]
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|My impression is, after many years of consideration, that there never can have been anybody in the world who played worse.
Friedrich Nietzsche|There are no facts, only interpretations.
Sunday Adelaja|One of the great commandments of science is, "Mistrust arguments from authority." (Scientists, being primates, and thus given to dominance hierarchies, of course do not always follow this commandment.) Too many such arguments have proved too painfully wrong. Authorities must prove their contentions like everybody else. This independence of science, its occasional unwillingness to accept conventional wisdom, makes it dangerous to doctrines less self critical, or with pretensions of certitude.
Russell T Davies|Like all good citizens, the elderly and people with disabilities want to eradicate waste and fraud from government, but helping people with special needs meet their basic needs doesn't fit this description.
J.K. Rowling|A few years turned into more years, and more years turned into all years. Years have a habit of behaving like that.
Herbert Hoover|We should keep on going along the path of globalization. Globalization is good... when trade stops, war comes.
Dan Alatorre|Any time a beloved character is killed off, it affects the audience in a very powerful way, especially in a series.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|Successful hunting, it could be said, is an act of terminal empathy: the kill depends on how successfully a hunter inserts himself into the umwelt of his prey--even to the point of disguising himself as that animal and mimicking its behavior.
Adi Alsaid, Let's Get Lost|...although the universe itself isn't a conscious entity, it possesses the raw materials that, when properly set into motion, create consciousness. It has the ability to create intelligent life, which is capable of understanding the universe... It can know itself indirectly
E.M. Bounds, Power Through Prayer|Spiritual work is taxing work, and men are loath to do it. Praying, true praying, costs an outlay of serious attention and of time, which flesh and blood do not relish.
Robert Leckie, Helmet for My Pillow|A heroic, losing battle! I'm tired of brave men who die. There's nothing pretty about losing.
Nhat Hanh|I think one of the best words in the English language is 'compassion.' I think it holds everything. It holds love, it holds care... and if everybody just did something. We all make a difference.
Sam Politinsky|My life consists of two things,Pain and hardship that no one but me can describe,Love and joy that can only be mesured in who I am
Barbara O'Neal, The Secret of Everything|One of the powerful functions of a library — any library — lies in its ability to take us away from worlds that are familiar and comfortable and into ones which we can neither predict nor control, to lead us down new roads whose contours and vistas provide us with new perspectives. Sometimes, if we are fortunate, those other worlds turn out to have more points of familiarity with our own than we had thought. Sometimes we make connections back to familiar territory and when we have returned, we do so supplied with new perspectives, which enrich our lives as scholars and enhance our role as teachers. Sometimes the experience takes us beyond our immediate lives as scholars and teachers, and the library produces this result particularly when it functions as the storehouse of memory, a treasury whose texts connect us through time to all huma
Marie Lu, Legend|This is Karma. I'm a bitch. Can you think of anyone who deserves a bitch slap?"My phone buzzes again."If so meet at Judy Blue Eyes, 2am. If not, sit back and enjoy the show.
Jonathan Nolan|The scientists who attack mainstream religion, rather than striving for peaceful coexistence with it, damage science, and also weaken the fight against fundamentalism.
Lisa Unger, Sliver of Truth|But suspense presupposes uncertainty. No matter how nightmarish the situation, real suspense is impossible when we know in advance that the protagonist will prevail (as we would if Woolrich had used series characters) or will be destroyed. This is why, despite his congenital pessimism, Woolrich manages any number of times to squeeze out an upbeat resolution. Precisely because we can never know whether a particular novel or story will be light or dark, allegre or noir, his work remains hauntingly suspenseful.("Introduction")
Markus Zusak, Underdog|If we observe ourselves truthfully and non-judgmentally, seeing the mechanisms of our personality in action, we can wake up, and our lives can be a miraculous unfolding of beauty and joy.
Andre Gide|I think you learn a lot about a country from its art. To me, it's part of the drama of life. It teaches you that there are places, moments and incidents in other cultures that genuinely have a life of their own.
Anthony T. Hincks|People who are two faced, usually forget which mask they are wearing at some point in their life.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|There is a hole in the heart called "absence". You live in it my dear.
Erich Kästner|What Will Linger/Hollow of Him - They crept so quietly back. Mere hints of words, at first, then whispers in the loud echoing a winter past. In this place, hollow of Him, his poetry resounded. I could almost taste the fragments of the worlds he had discovered. I remember the ache in his words; you could see each syllable smoulder in his gaze.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Signs|Language signifies when instead of copying thought it lets itself be taken apart and put together again by thought. Language bears the sense of thought as a footprint signifies the movement and effort of a body. The empirical use of already established language should be distinguished from its creative use. Empirical language can only be the result of creative language. Speech in the sense of empirical language - that is, the opportune recollection of a preestablished sign – is not speech in respect to an authentic language. It is, as Mallarmé said, the worn coin placed silently in my hand. True speech, on the contrary - speech which signifies, which finally renders "l'absente de tous bouquets" present and frees the sense captive in the thing - is only silence in respect to empirical usage, for it does not go so far as to become a common noun. Language is oblique and autonomous, and if it sometimes signifies a thought or a thing directly, that is only a secondary power derived from its inner life. Like the weaver, the writer works on the wrong side of his material. He has only to do with the language, and it is thus that he suddenly finds himself surrounded by sense.
Ernest Holmes|There are apothecaries' shops, where prepared medicines, liquids, ointments, and plasters are sold; barbers' shops, where they wash and shave the head; and restaurateurs, that furnish food and drink at a certain price.
Lisa Kleypas, Dream Lake|Losing Abby wasn't a story I remembered from early childhood--it was in my face, debilitating me like a sickness, robbing me of my senses and physically, excruciatingly painful. My mother's words echoed in my ear. Abby was the girl I had to fight for, and I went down fighting. None of it was ever going to be enough.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Let your work speak,Let your work scream,Let your work live,Forever.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Many things are spoken out loud, but be careful of those words that you whisper to yourself. You have the ability to uplift yourself or condemn yourself. If your thoughts are depressingly running across your mind. You need to make adjustments and change your way of thinking.
Joanne Harris, Runemarks|What is it about humans that make us so prone to prejudice?”Blue arches one of his unnaturally colored eyebrows and looks up to meet my gaze. “If we didn’t form prejudices, we wouldn’t be learning from our environment, you dolt. It’s an animal instinct. If a porcupine’s quill gets stuck in your hand once, you won’t be likely to go grabbing it again soon, right?
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Work, Work and work, until you either succeed in your mission, or you die!
Frances Ivy|I watch a spider outside my window, how she carefully weaves a dreamcatcher in the corner. Just for me.
Kamila Shamsie, Burnt Shadows|People die all the time. Life is a lot more fragile than we think. So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets. Fairly, and if possible, sincerely. It's too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies. Personally, I don't buy it."Yuki leaned against the car door. "But that's real hard, isn't it?" she said."Real hard," I said. "But it's worth trying for.
Anthony T. Hincks|People said that I was crazy, but I wasn't.I was just different.
Tucker Elliot, You Look Like A Teacher|God, I swear I’ve never seen a more nervous bunch of people. Like a bunch of rats in a science lab.
Chase Jarvis|You’ve heard poets talk about, poems flowing out of their bodies; painters, they get on a roll. You all have seen the musician, when they are in that state, the guitar, the piano, whatever instrument just becomes part of their body, their ego is completely gone and it is just their connection to the art, their connection to the emotions they are trying to share with the audience- that is pure flow.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|By writing, we partake in something greater than ourselves. Pick up pen and paper or take a seat at your computer today and create something of beauty.
McKayla Maroney|I have always wanted to be a catalyst for bringing about positive change, inspiring others to choose goodness.
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|You can woo a girl with a poem, but you can't hold onto her with a poem. Not even with a poetry movement.
Stefan Emunds|Souls spread over the planet and leave no mountain unclimbed, no valley undiscovered, no sea unsailed, ventured even into outer space.Souls mingle and leave no relationship unattempted, no emotion unfelt, no pleasure and pain unexplored.Souls plunge into their minds and leave no tale untold, no image unpainted, no melody unheard.Souls transcend their fantasies and leave no idea unthought, no natural law undescribed, no wisdom undefined. Souls even pass over the thinkeable and witness ineffable realms of other worlds and their inhabitants. Curiosity, the drive to experience, the urge of urges, the world's innermost desire. We, souls, are its foremost scouts. We are the embodiment of the purpose of existence.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Farrier's Daughter|I may not have journeyed to other lands, but a trip through the fairy glade is a journey few others have taken, and fewer still have spoken of. I will look forward to taking you with me, Killian. You will see why I always feel the need to return."He was not remotely certain he would ever share her sentiments.
Karen Chance, Death's Mistress|Who was that?""A one-night stand that didn't want to let go."Alexis looked over the sea of people, trying to find the woman.  "There seems to be a lot of those.""Too late to change my past now, but if I could, I would."Alexis gave him a disbelieving smirk.  "Are you saying, if you could have changed things, you would've waited for me?"He gave her his wicked grin.  "I'm saying I would have found you sooner.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Queen|A woman has to change her nature if she is to be a wife. She has to learn to curb her tongue, to suppress her desires, to moderate her thoughts and to spend her days putting another first. She has to put him first even when she longs to serve herself or her children. She has to put him first even if she longs to judge for herself. She has to put him first even when she knows best. To be a good wife is to be a woman with a will of iron that you yourself have forged into a bridle to curb your own abilities. To be a good wife is to enslave yourself to a lesser person. To be a good wife is to amputate your own power as surely as the parents of beggars hack off their children's feet for the greater benefit of the family.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I deciced if I were ever to get into booze and women, my line would be, 'Excuse me, madam, but I would really love to bed and muss you. . . . Are you perchance free this evening?
April Nichole, Eyes to Heaven|My Lord, my God here are my words
Charlotte Eriksson|I am clumsy, drop glasses and get drunk on Monday afternoons. I read Seneca and can recite Shakespeare by heart, but I mess up the laundry, don’t answer my phone and blame the world when something goes wrong. I think I have a dream, but most of the days I’m still sleeping. The grass is cut. It smells like strawberries. Today I finished four books and cleaned my drawers. Do you believe in a God? Can I tell you about Icarus? How he flew too close to the sun?I want to make coming home your favourite part of the day. I want to leave tiny little words lingering in your mind, on nights when you’re far away and can’t sleep. I want to make everything around us beautiful; make small things mean a little more. Make you feel a little more. A little better, a little lighter. The coffee is warm, this cup is yours. I want to be someone you can’t live without.I want to be someone you can’t live without.
Jim Butcher, White Night|There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil. 
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|God is too good to be unkind and He is too wise to be mistaken. And when we cannot trace His hand, we must trust His heart.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a magnificent and magical game. To win, play with utmost care and profound love.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Anyway, these ideas or feelings or ramblings had their satisfactions. They turned the pain of others into memories of one’s own. They turned pain, which is natural, enduring, and eternally triumphant, into personal memory, which is human, brief, and eternally elusive. They turned a brutal story of injustice and abuse, an incoherent howl with no beginning or end, into a neatly structured story in which suicide was always held out as a possibility. They turned flight into freedom, even if freedom meant no more than the perpetuation of flight. They turned chaos into order, even if it was at the cost of what is commonly known as sanity.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The moment when humanity learns to tame all its primeval biases, only then it will be worth the title "Sapiens", not any earlier.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|When at last I came upon the right book, the feeling was violent: it blew open a hole in me that made life more dangerous because I couldn't control what came through it.
Mariah Carey|Games have grown and developed from this limited in-the-box experience to something that's everywhere now. Interactive content is all around us, networked, ready. This is something I've been hoping for throughout my career.
Jonathan Swift|Politics will eventually be replaced by imagery. The politician will be only too happy to abdicate in favor of his image, because the image will be much more powerful than he could ever be.
Jeffrey Katzenberg|I don't think art is propaganda; it should be something that liberates the soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further. It celebrates humanity instead of manipulating it.
Leo Tolstoy|You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.
Peter Jackson|Men want a battle to fight, an adventure to live, and a beauty to rescue. That is what is written in their hearts. That is what little boys play at. That is what men's movies are about. You just see it. It is undeniable.
Benny Hinn, Good Morning, Holy Spirit|As we mature in faith, our willingness is tested, expanded, and refined. We become more conscious of our limitations and turn to God. The necessity of God's grace becomes clearer as we become more attuned and accurate in our recognition of our dependence on God and less sure of anything that causes us to describe ourselves self-righteously. At times, when confronted by the less-than-ideal behavior of others, we may recognize that we are capable of similar actions and give thankds to God for helping us avoid unwelcome pitfalls. Scripture instructs us to be holy as God is holy, yet we increasingly realize the impossibility of holy behavior unless it is brought about by the Spirit's empowerment and our willing responsiveness and cooperation. Many people use spiritual direction as a window through which to notice and attend to their own expectations of willingness and willfulness.
C.S. Lewis, Screwtape Letters|The most considerable difference I note among men is not in their readiness to fall into error, but in their readiness to acknowledge these inevitable lapses.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|Because thou writest me often, I thank thee ... Never do I receive a letter from thee, but immediately we are together.
Meg Leder, The Museum of Heartbreak|and after everything had been said and done I realized, you cannot keep people no matter how far you go to do so. You don't have any control over what they choose to do. Even if they choose to leave you on your own.Even if they choose to make you hate love
Stanley Victor Paskavich|There's isn't any slight of hand in Spirituality, everything you desire is right there for you to see.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|Like forearm veins, my interests spread in different directions and eventually led to the hands, to writing.
Barbara DeLeo, The Bouquet List|I want you to stay here ...with me."	"All night?"	"All night."	Drew cupped her face with his hands giving her a gentle kiss. "In my arms.
Ed Koch|When I arrived at Columbia, I gave up acting and became interested in all things French. French poetry, French history, French literature.
John Warnock|Without television and mass communication, that knowledge wouldn't exist. So I think it actually has the possibility of turning people into more understanding and more empathetic people.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|No, he said, we are not alone. I have you, and you have me. And there is Arya and Nasuada and Orik, and many others besides who will help us along our way.
Norman Lear|A great restaurant is one that just makes you feel like you're not sure whether you went out or you came home and confuses you. If it can do both of those things at the same time, you're hooked.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If you want to be extremely important in people's lives, give them extremely good services they can't find anywhere else
Kelly Keaton, A Beautiful Evil|see, heroes never die. John Wayne isn't dead, Elvis isn't dead. Otherwise you don’t have a hero. You can’t kill a hero. That’s why I never let him get older.
Abhijit Naskar|The more you keep your religious beliefs concealed from others, the lesser religious conflicts occur in the society.
James F. Cooper|A skilled Transition Team leader will set the general goals for a Transition, and then confer on the other team leaders working with him the power to implement those goals.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|God gave us the access, but we need to exercise courage to have it. No one lacks the access, but it’s only few that have the courage to grab it!
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Horace’s eyes get wide, and he glances between me and the house. “Every time I think I got a grip on this crazy shit going on in your head, I realize I don’t know the half of it, do I?”My eyes tracing the red trim of the house, I shake my head. “Not even close.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Bean could see the hunger in their eyes. Not the regular hunger, for food, but the real hunger, the deep hunger, for family, for love, for belonging.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|Each soul lives on the verge of remembering the forgotten agreement and original dream that it carries; yet each moment can be another point when the dream of life becomes lost again. Each meaningful step we take on the path of life involves some tension between the needs of the common world and the dreams of the soul. This inherent tension can stop us in our tracks, yet can also be the source of vital energy needed for the soul to grow. Each time we remember a piece of why we came to life we pull the seeds of eternity farther into the world of time. The inner seed keeps trying to sprout, but often our fate must place us in a crossroads or nail us to a cross before we pay proper attention to it.
Euripides|I loathe a friend whose gratitude grows old, a friend who takes his friend's prosperity but will not voyage with him in his grief
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Grief can kill a person emotionally and physically. If not counteracted with God’s strength and power, our personal weakness may debilitate us.
Nathaniel Branden|The first act of honoring the self is the assertion of consciousness: the choice to think, to be aware, to send the searchlight of consciousness outward toward the world and inward toward our own being. To default on this effort is to default on the self at the most basic level.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New day, new hopes, new life!!
Collette West, Night Games|This girl owns me, whether she realizes it or not. I'm a slave to her will.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|The tears coursed down her cheeks- not freely, however, for when they came into contact with her heavily beaded eyelashes they assumed an inky color, and pursued the rest of their way in slow black rivulets.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.
Sammy Hagar|To reminisce with my old friends, a chance to share some memories, and play our songs again.
Laura Lam, Shadowplay|Too often we look back on our lives with regret. What is done, is done. We learned lessons from those mistakes. Every day is a new beginning.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|The self is...a creation, the principal work of your life, the crafting of which makes everyone an artist. This unfinished work of becoming ends only when you do, if then, and the consequences live on.
Dada Bhagwan|Doing Kashaya[anger, pride, deceit and greed] means to stumble. If artadhyan (adverse meditation) and raudradhyan (wrathful meditation) occurs, it is called stumbling.
Shakti Gawain|The most beautiful of all emblems is that of God  whom Timaeus of Locris describes under the image of "A circle whose centre is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere."
Gabby Douglas|Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.
Amit Kalantri|Starting and profitably running a business is not just some achievement, it is heroism.
Russian General Aleksander Lebed|Have you ever dealt with people who have lost everything in just an hour? In the morning you leave the house where your wife, your children, your parents live. You return and you find a smoking pit. Then something happens to you - to a certain extent you stop being human. You do not need any glory, money anymore; revenge becomes your only joy. And because you no longer cling to life, death avoids you, the bullets fly past. You become a wolf.
Sandra Byrd, A Lady in Disguise|I've come back for you, my love, my life. Let me look at you, keep you, never let go of you.
Arnold A. Dallimore, Susanna|I have had a lot of readers of my book tell me that they like it, but so far only two reviews have been listed. Could you help?
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|At home in bed that first night I had patchy, mundane dreams about normal things. It would be nobler and less uncomfortable to write that I tossed sleeplessly.
Isabella Bird|First and foremost, Scotland is my home, and I do consider myself Scottish, but I also feel very British, and I hope that Scotland stays within the Union. I have a real concern about independence.
|If that money cannot buy your soul back, don't dare to sell it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we dare the difficult, we shall find the depth of being.
Mark F. LaMoure|You build a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned. Be the best. Raise yourself to excellence, by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.
Dianne Duvall, Darkness Rises|Great. There goes our security deposit."~ Sean
Debasish Mridha|O the divine, O my love, I don't want to seduce you with my wealth or splendor, but with my love and deepest gratitude.
Lord Krishna, Srimad Bhagavad Gita|We must truly listen to each other, respecting our essential brotherhood and the courage of those who try to speak, however they may differ from us in professional standing or religious belief or moral vision. We must speak and listen patiently, with good humor, with real expectation, and our dialogue can serve both truth and charity.
Debasish Mridha|Outer beauty is transient, but the inner beauty of a kind heart gets brighter with time. Be kind and get prettier forever.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|And what does helping someone really mean? Helping them to be like everyone else, or helping them to be themselves?
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Did you hear about Katie Parkinson? ... She's going out with Christopher... They've been kissing.""It was like a Semtex explosion in my brain. I did not know whether to cry or run away.
Faith Baldwin, Evening Star|I've known a lot of alleged failures in my time and many of them, in losing what the world has always considered success, have achieved in facing up to failure, more than they ever achieved when they were considered successful.
Geoff Ryman, The Child Garden|There’s no magic ruler by which we’re all judged and weighed, not in this life. If you wait for someone to tell you it’s time to grow up, you’ll wait forever. Some people, quite happily, do just that. They don’t do anything until they’re forced to by circumstance
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|We are not looking for endless variety--we are looking for fashion." February 10, 1967, Memo re HAIR ON SITTINGS
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|I nearly dropped the plate I held. "You've asked me out tons of times.""Not really. I've made inapproprite suggestions and frequently pushed for nudity. But I've never asked you out on a real date. And, if memory serves, you did say you'd give me a fair chance once I let you clean out my trust fund.""I didn't clean it out," I scoffed.
Chrissi Sepe, Bliss, Bliss, Bliss|Best of all are the decorations the grandchildren have made ~ fat little stars and rather crooked Santas, shaped out of dough and baked in the oven.
Gerry Adams|We don't live in a society that has genuine equality, and every woman we know has experienced that.
Malcolm Gladwell|Being a celebrity, you always get really good seats to sporting events, but you never get as good seats as the photographers get. And I really love sports.
Atul Purohit|No matter how many miles I move away, my love will always remain within the boundary of your heartLines from Love Vs Destiny...
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I can't go to Amsterdam. One of my doctors thinks it's a bad idea."He was quiet for a second. "God," he said. "I should've just paid for it myself. Should've just taken you straight from the Funky Bones to Amsterdam.""But then I would've had a probably fatal episode of deoxygenation in Amsterdam, and my body would have been shipped home in the cargo hold of an airplane," I said. "Well, yeah," he said. "But before that, my grand romantic gesture would have totally gotten me laid."I laughed pretty hard, hard enought that I felt where the chest tube had been. "You laugh because it's true," he said.I laughed again."It's true, isn't it!" "Probably not," I said, and then after a moment added, "although you never know.
Amy Jarecki, The Fearless Highlander|She held her finger to his lips. “We have a lifetime to reveal our secrets.”	In a bold move, she took his hand and led him to the bed.	Ever so eager to follow, Hugh’s mouth suddenly went dry. Hell, he couldn’t even manage a swallow. “Are you ready, my love?” he croaked.	Licking those delectable lips, she nodded. “I want you more than the air I breathe.
Gene Robinson|The infinite faith I have in people's ability to understand anything that makes sense has always been justified, finally, by their behavior.
Patricia Briggs, Bone Crossed|I don’t know who you think you are” — my mother’s voice was low and dangerous — “but if you don’t get out of my way right this instant, it won’t matter.”Adam was the Alpha werewolf in charge of the local pack. He was tough. He could be mean when he had to — and he wouldn’t stand a chance against my mom.
Edward St. Aubyn, Mother's Milk|It’s an old Camorri tradition for when a bunch of people are planning something stupid,” said Locke. “Actually, we have a lot of traditions for that. You’ll find out
Oriana Fallaci|Science has revealed that the human body is made up of millions and millions of atoms... For example, I am made up of 5.8x10 27 atoms.
Every male ballet dancer|Real men don't lift weights, they lift women.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|But I was not good enough. You should understand this about me—I am not a hero; not one to tap unknown reserves of courage; not one to rise to circumstance. I am the understudy who chokes on his lines when he is forced onto the stage. I am never, ever good enough.
George Santayana|Probably the first time I left Italy was to travel by train to Lourdes. I went with my mother and my grandmother - who was a very religious person - so it was a pilgrimage of sorts. I remember it as a very intense, but beautiful experience.
Peter H. Fogtdal, The Tsar's Dwarf|I'm going to die. And as if that weren't bad enough, I'm going to die inside a cake.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|Faith is an action. He (one criminal on the cross) puts himself one step lower than where he was, sharing Jesus' place of poverty, insecurity, and the focus of rage. Remember me. And he will be remembered, because of his association with the Crucified One.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Jesus was stoned, but no rock hit him. He slipped into the crowd and was found later teaching on a hill somewhere. History tells us that he did nothing wrong, and we sacrificed him anyway. The day my father died, I assured him he was headed for heaven, though I had a hard time believing in something that floated so aimlessly through the minds of children. The concept seemed fair and unfair in such equal amounts that it appeared to cancel itself out. I’d never met someone so deserving of eternal bliss, yet from the time I was a child I was taught we all deserve hell. I wondered if heaven existed at all. But I wanted everlasting life to be real for the man who let me lie on his chest on a hammock in the backyard and taught me not to fear thunder. One of the many things my father taught me not to fear. His breaths were labored and aided by machines. He wore a white hospital gown. I remember thinking, “I can’t believe my father’s going to die in a gown.” “Are you afraid?” I asked.“Not at all,” he strained. “I’m going to be with the Lord.”I wished I shared his confidence. For him, it was a priceless thing no one could take. I wished the fear of death was like the fear of a passing storm cloud—something we outgrow with understanding. For men like my dad, I guess it was.
John F. MacArthur Jr., The Love of God|For any creative thought to be contagious, it must first be worthy of a sneeze.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|To the bankrupt poet, to the jilted lover, to anyone who yearns to elude the doubt within and the din without, the tidal strait between Manhattan Island and her favorite suburb offers the specious illusion of easy death. Melville prepared for the plunge from the breakwater on the South Street promenade, Whitman at the railing of the outbound ferry, both men redeemed by some Darwinian impulse, maybe some epic vision, which enabled them to change leaden water into lyric wine. Hart Crane rejected the limpid estuary for the brackish swirl of the Caribbean Sea. In each generation, from Washington Irving’s to Truman Capote’s, countless young men of promise and talent have examined the rippling foam between the nation’s literary furnace and her literary playground, questioning whether the reams of manuscript in their Brooklyn lofts will earn them garlands in Manhattan’s salons and ballrooms, wavering between the workroom and the water. And the city had done everything in its power to assist these men, to ease their affliction and to steer them toward the most judicious of decisions. It has built them a bridge.
Norma Fox Mazer|Am I too late?" Caleb asked as he joined them. "Did he do something stupid?""Yeah. On both counts." Tristan stalked past Nick.
Alahdal A. Hussein|Passion makes you hungry for knowledge in your field, and knowledge fuels your confidence, which makes you unique in your field leading you to be successful.
Robert Englund|I was destined to work with dying patients. I had no choice when I encountered my first AIDS patient. I felt called to travel some 250,000 miles each year to hold workshops that helped people cope with the most painful aspects of life, death and the transition between the two.
Naveed Khan|I mean . . . I don't know. I don't know what I want to do, or who I want to be, or where I want to live. I don't know. I like reading about adventure, sure, but I also like doing it from the safety of home. But what is home, besides a quilt-covered bed? Where is it?
Mary Jane Hathaway, Only Through Love|Molly Cade, you could be wearing a White Sox shirt, a Yankees thong, and a Packers Cheesehead and I would still want to do you.”She sighed. “Such a romantic.
Brynn Myers, The Echoed Life of Jorja Graham|It is Halloween,” he explains coyly. “I wanted to come out as something beautiful. None of this witch stuff for me. My God, don’t we spend our whole life as witches?
Mircea Popister|What Kate wore, whether on the street or the red carpet was much cooler to them than what she modelled. Her paparazzi photos were becoming indistinguishable from her editorials.
Jared Leto|Don't regret anything you do, because in the end it makes you who you are.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your DreamsDistance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life.Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Angie karan|What is GRACE?An individual, inspiring and virtuous impulse, that streams the spirit with life!
Tecumseh|When you arise in the morning, give thanks for the morning light, for your life and strength. Give thanks for your food and the joy of living, If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies with yourself.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|Neither alive nor dead; No one lets up, No one wins.
Douglas Coupland, All Families are Psychotic|Because that happened to me when I was little, this is how I will now treat other people"; "Because so and so beat me up and hurt me a long time ago, that gives me the right to treat people the way I treat them, today"; "Because life was hard on me, life should be hard on everyone else around me"— does this sound/ look familiar? It's called victim mentality. When people choose to be the direct product of everything that happened to them, the direct product of every single pair of hands that hurt them. And the world, to these people, must bend over backwards in order to accommodate their wounds. Some people don't want to be loved; they just want to make the world pay.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|The very act of accepting her position at Mademoiselle was an act of open defiance against Dick Norton, his entire family, and the gendered expectations of midcentury America.
David Foster Wallace|Worship your body, beauty, and sexual allure and you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you.
Homer, The Odyssey|There is nothing more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep of suffering, I found my soul.
Daniel R. Gadberry, The Man Who Got Away: Not Your Typical Christmas Story|I dunno why you hate us so much.  I dunno why you hate me so much.  I dunno why you're calling Guillory a traitor when he's the furthest thing from it.  But don't call what you're doing justice.  Don't talk about punishment and crimes.  Whatever your agenda is, it passed 'justice' by long ago.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|No small part of the club's audience consisted of would-be comics, as well as the leading comics of the day. In fact, there were so many gagsters around that it was difficult to know who was part of the act and who was just sitting in.
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|I am the first and I am the last; apart from me there is no God. I will not give my glory to another or my praise to idols. Keep yourselves from idols. Do not follow other gods to serve and worship them; do not provoke me to anger with what your hands have made. For I am a consuming fire, a jealous God.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Although to our automatic brain, change always means potential danger. In order to calm that brain, it means embracing change so to turn on the light in our mind and open the door to our true potential.
Amy Sedaris|George Orwell's science-fiction classic 'Nineteen Eighty-Four' wasn't a failure because the future it predicted failed to come to pass. Rather, it was a resounding success because it helped us prevent that future.
Caroline Paul|Memories are thoughts that arise. They're not realities. Only when you believe that they are real, then they have the power over you. But when you realize it's just another thought arising about the past, then you can have a spacious relationship with that thought. The thought no longer has you in its grip.
Mutannabi|People differ to such a degree they agree on nothing,Except death that is, and even on that they disagree.Some say the soul goes on after the death of the bodyWhile others claim the soul, with the body, dies too.
Dr. Kyaciss Pfiell|He who writes to his beloved every day, is not a lover, but a writer.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|I wondered if the person who really loves you is the person who knows all your stories, the person who WANTS to know all your stories.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Do not live for emptiness, do not waste your evaporating life pursuing the vanities of life.
Kate Evangelista, Unreap My Heart|I thought you were good. That some part of you was good.”In a blink of an eye, Balthazar stood right in front of her. Arianne yelped. He took her wrist and brought the tip of the knife to the center of his chest. With his other hand, he tilted her chin up so she could look into the white center of his black irises. His silver hair rained over his forehead, covering the crease that marred its usual smoothness.“You think I’m the good guy?” he whispered. She continued trembling, worse now. He leaned down until his lips touched her ear. “I’m not.
Lois Lowry, Messenger|...That's why we have the Museum, Matty, to remind us of how we came, and why: to start fresh, and begin a new place from what we had learned and carried from the old.
Deyth Banger|Share, share, share your experience, feelings, anxiety.
Patrick Ness|I was a hugely unchaperoned reader, and I would wander into my local public library and there sat the world, waiting for me to look at it, to find out about it, to discover who I might be insid
C. JoyBell C.|Today I began to criticise myself and look at myself with a judgmental eye... but then instead of going all out in that direction, I stopped and I began to understand me. And then I began to be patient with me. And then I began to feel a softness in the middle of my chest. So then I concluded that I can understand and be patient with me, just like how I am always understanding and being patient with everyone else. Why? Because I deserve that, and more.
Preity Zinta|No highbrow literary type would ever say 'Moby Dick' is good but it's just about a whale, or a Jane Austen would be important if she wasn't just writing about romantic relationships.
Aniruddha Sastikar|The thought of holy comes before holy is built. Focusing on thinking healthy, positive thoughts is a precursor to the Universe channeling divine energy through us. We see, feel, touch, and smell holy once we think it. As we think, so we become.
Josh Dun|In college - while figuring the things out that most people do in college - I had no game. No confidence. I had Birkenstocks. And overalls. A budding romance novel addiction. But no cool. No poise. I was trying on a thousand different personalities, but a lot of them were formed by the perceptions of others.
Heather Dixon, Entwined|She looked at him, his soft brown eyes and tall form, and contemplated raising herself on her toes and kissing his ear, or his cheek...Instead, impulsively before leaving, she reached up and smoothed his mussed hair.Mr. Bradford beamed.
Evy Michaels|Silence thoughts...Let me get lost in this kiss right now; In the morning you will convince me I shivered because of the cold.Let my head whirl and spin for a little while longer; When I wake, we will blame it on that sweet wine.Let my heart flutter and dance just for a moment; Tomorrow, I will not forget the beat that my heart skipped belonged to my favorite song that was on.Let me slip to fall deep in his eyes; When the sun rises and we remember the moon reflected in that stare, I'll be fine.
George W. Bush|Like prospecting in the 19th century, reconnaissance of the asteroids would of necessity take place in an arena where trouble is likely and help is distant. Heroic stories of individual triumph and failure, set on landscapes never seen by humankind, are in the cards.
Rick Warren|Vivek is a very supportive man. If I am in the kitchen doing something, he comes and helps. I don't think marriage will change anything for us. Our careers will not be affected after marriage. He believes in gender equality and is a man of today's time.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|Whereas I would argue that style is morality: morality detailed, configured, intensified. It’s not in the mere narrative arrangement of good and bad that morality makes itself felt. It can be there in every sentence
Miuccia Prada|The role of the musician is to go from concept to full execution. Put another way, it's to go from understanding the content of something to really learning how to communicate it and make sure it's well-received and lives in somebody else.
Jeff Giles|Couples without kids have each other, their friends, families, and Siri to talk to. It's not like they're quarantining themselves in an underground bunker, never to take a romantic stroll on the beach or attend a Morrissey concert ever again. They're just using birth control.
Tim Morrison, QueerBashing|Closure is an American lie used to justify revenge. Healing is getting used to the pain, learning to be damaged.
Evan Thompson, Mind in Life: Biology, Phenomenology, and the Sciences of Mind|To exist as an individual means not simply to be numerically distinct from other things but to be a self-pole in a dynamic relationship with alterity, with what is other, with the world.
Wendell Berry, The Hidden Wound|Is it not true that in ancient times the worst punishment of all was not death, but banishment?
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|He was right, and the pursuit of justice was also a game, where one man or woman employed by the Government, or sometimes twelve men and women, decided the fate of another. Whether or not that decision was just depended on your point of view. The winner usually thought it was a just result: The loser bore the consequences.
Cobie Smulders|For so many years, I felt so insecure, so inferior, and I still have those moments, but I have a newfound confidence since I got in shape and changed my diet.
Abraham Lincoln|The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battle-field, and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearth-stone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.--as quoted in THE RIVER OF WINGED DREAMS
John Steinbeck, Cup of Gold: A Life of Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer, with Occasional Reference to History|I have heard many a young unmarried lady exclaim with a bold sweep of conception, “Ah me! I wish I were a widow!” Mrs. Keith was precisely the widow that young unmarried ladies wish to be. With her diamonds in her dressing-case and her carriage in her stable, and without a feather’s weight of encumbrance, she offered a finished example of satisfied ambition.
Tina Fey|You have to let people see what you wrote. It will never be perfect, but perfect is overrated.
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|What good Christians don't realize is that sexual sin is not recreational sex gone overboard. Sexual sin is predatory. It won't be 'healed' by redeeming the context or the genders. Sexual sin must simply be killed. What is left of your sexuality after this annihilation is up to God. But healing, to the sexual sinner, is death: nothing more and nothing less.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Snails do not despair for having short legs, but rejoice for being able to travel long distances in spite of them.
Cecelia Ahern, Thanks for the Memories|Remember, there are more people in the world than yourself. Be modest! You have not yet invented nor thought anything which others have not thought or invented before. And should you really have done so, consider it a gift of heaven which you are to share with others.
Carine Roitfeld|It is very wrong to sleep in your make-up, but when you wake up the next morning, I think it looks very good.
Robert Barltrop|the elite use socialism as a consolidation and control mechanism. Allen describes Socialism as "a movement created, manipulated and used by power-seeking billionaires in order to gain control over the world." He points out that this is accomplished, "first by establishing socialist governments in the various nations" and then combining them all under the "United Nations." Socialism, in practice, is tyranny. It is control by the wealthy individuals who control the state. It is always oppressive, because they must use terror of some kind to create restrictive laws which ensure their control.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|Wars make history seem deceptively simple. They provide clear turning points, easy distinctions.: before and after, winner and loser, right and wrong. True history, the past, is not like that. It isn't flat or linear. It has no outline. It is slippery, like liquid; infinite and unknowable, like space. And it is changeable: just when you think you see a pattern, perspective shifts, an alternate version is proffered, a long-forgotten memory resurfaces.
Shannon L. Alder|Some women are built by the fire. Yet, there are some that are the FIRE!
Jennifer Bosworth|Marcus stepped behind the bar, saying, “Dan sent me over to assist you and learn how to tend the bar.” Doms could be pain-in-the-ass mother hens.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|Ghosts are not what I remember of my childhood; but somehow they infuse memories of myself as a child, the little girl in a storybook, with ghosts hovering around her.
Scott Michael Foster|The basic idea of Games With a Purpose is that we are taking a problem that computers cannot yet solve, and we are getting people to solve it for us while they are playing a game.
John Burroughs|You can fail many times, but you're not a failure until you begin to blame somebody else.
Debi Mazar|I am writing to all the churches to let it be known that I will gladly die for God if only you do not stand in my way... Let me be food for the wild beasts, for they are my way to God.
Rebecca Ashe|The eyes were certainly memorable and beautiful, moist calves' eyes heavily lashed and with the same look of troubled pain at the unpredictability of the world's terrors.
Fakeer Ishavardas|On a supra human level, yeah, I got That Which Is. Yet on a simple human level, rare are times when either my left or my right foot is not in some kind of shit.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Spiritual activity, education, civilization, culture, the idea are all vague, indefinite concepts, under the banner of which it is quite convenient to use words that have a still less clear meaning and therefore can easily be plugged into any theory.
Susan Ee, End of Days|Just this once,’ he says almost more to himself than to me. ‘Just one moment.’ Then he leans down and kisses me.
Andrew Sullivan|	 	Monsters remain human beings. In fact, to reduce them to a subhuman level is to exonerate them of their acts of terrorism and mass murder — just as animals are not deemed morally responsible for killing. Insisting on the humanity of terrorists is, in fact, critical to maintaining their profound responsibility for the evil they commit.And, if they are human, then they must necessarily not be treated in an inhuman fashion. You cannot lower the moral baseline of a terrorist to the subhuman without betraying a fundamental value.
Octavia E. Butler|In AR, a falling tree makes no sound unless there is a witness to behold the event. Otherwise, it is only a changing pattern in a complex data-stream.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|What is it you really want? Are you really going to be happy when you get the object? What will it bring you? Is what you’re telling yourself really true? You have the choice, you can keep on getting hit by the wave or you can get the courage to run towards it and dive right through it - everything starts with you.
Seanan McGuire, Once Broken Faith|His mercy, not our merits, make[s] us his.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Busman's Honeymoon|How can I find the words? Poets have taken them all and left me with nothing to say or do""Except to teach me for the first time what they meant.
Susan Sizemore, The Hunt|My recommendation is to keep up the good work. I’m changing your title to senior executive assistant, and giving you a three percent raise effective next payday. Congratulations.”Wow, three percent. I could move up that early retirement plan to age seventy-five now, instead of eighty. Lucky me.Thank you,” I said. “That’s very generous.”You’re quite welcome.” Ms. Saunders nodded and grabbed a gold-plated letter opener to begin attacking her stack of mail.I turned to leave. Didn’t want to outstay my welcome.Damn it!” she exclaimed, and I turned back around. She winced and nodded at the letter opener that she’d dropped to her desktop. “Damn thing slipped. I’m probably going to need stitches now. Can you be a dear and fetch the first-aid kit for me?”She held her left index finger and frowned at the steady flow of blood oozing out. A few small drops of red splashed onto the other letters spread out on the desk.I felt woozy. And suddenly dizzy.I blinked.When I opened my eyes, I was no longer standing by the door about to leave. I was crouched down next to Ms. Saunders’s imported black leather chair, grasping her wrist tightly…… and sucking noisily on her fingertip.I shrieked and let go of her, staggering backward. I grabbed at her desk to keep from falling, but I dropped on my butt, anyhow, taking most of the contents of the top of her desk with me.She held her injured finger far away from her and stared at me, wide-eyed, with a mixture of shock and disgust.I scrambled to my feet and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand.What in the holy hell just happened? I… I… uh… I’m so sorry,” I managed. “I don’t know what… I wouldn’t normally do something… I just…”Ms. Saunders pulled her hand close to her chest, perhaps to protect it from further abuse.Get out,” she said quietly.Yeah, I’ll get back to work. Again, I’m so, so sorry. Would you like me to bring you a cup of coffee?”No, not to your desk,” she said evenly, but her volume increased with every word. “Get out of here, you freak. I don’t care what you’ve heard, I’m not into women. You’re fired. Now get out of here before I call security.”But… my job review—”Get out!” she yelled.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|To be a good professional engineer,always start to study late for exams.Because it teaches you how tomanage time and tackle emergencies.
Steve James|I grew up with a lot of people who are famous now. I was friends with Hilary and Haley Duff. They are such lovely girls. I have watched their careers blossom, which I am really happy for. I grew up with Ashley Tisdale; we used to both live in Valencia, so we used to hang out back in the day.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|I am a librarian. I discovered me in the library. I went to find me in the library. Before I fell in love with libraries, I was just a six-year-old boy. The library fueled all of my curiosities, from dinosaurs to ancient Egypt. When I graduated from high school in 1938, I began going to the library three nights a week. I did this every week for almost ten years and finally, in 1947, around the time I got married, I figured I was done. So I graduated from the library when I was twenty-seven. I discovered that the library is the real school.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|In peace there's nothing so becomes a man as modest stillness and humility; but when the blast of war blows in our ears, then imitate the action of the tiger; stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood, disguise fair nature with hard-favor'd rage.
Françoise Sagan, A Certain Smile|For what Luc was in fact proposing was just a game, an enticing game, but, even so, one that could destroy my undoubtedly quite genuine feelings for Bertrand; and it could destroy something else within me, something ill-defined but fiercely felt, which, whether I liked it or not, was opposed to transience. Or, at the very least, to the intentionally transient nature of what Luc what was offering. And then, even if I was able to conceive of any passion or liaison as being short-lived, I couldn't accept in advance that it had to be that way. Like any individual for whom life is a series of charades, I could bear the charades only if they were written by me, and by me alone.
Chaim Potok, The Chosen|When the mind is silent, you can listen to your heart and remember that everything is Love and that you are that Love.
Shannon Duffy, Awakening|I refused to believe that someone who had a voice that angelic could be bad. I knew it was illogical to think that way, but I had to believe in something good.
Mark Twain|It is only a man's own fundamental thoughts that have truth and life in them. For it is these that he really and completely understands. To read the thoughts of others is like taking the remains of someone else's meal, like putting on the discarded clothes of a stranger.
James Montgomery|Eventually, my eyes were opened, and I really understood nature. I learned to love at the same time.
Gary Ryan Blair|It does not matter what you know about anything if you cannot communicate to your people. In that event, you are not even a failure. You're just not there.
Craig  Stone, How to Hide from Humans|When human men hold an object that makes a powerful noise, or has moving parts, or spins around fast, or has a button they can push (which either screws or nails something) they become Gods in their own heads.They can do anything: they can eat through walls and bring buildings together to form mighty empires.They can build floating cities and flying tin cans.But they still can’t make their own beds.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|In the Bible, one often confronts real antinomies (equal but opposing truths). But in life one never does and always has options in difficult situations ...however uncomfortable may be their consequences. Satisfice in the circumstances and get on with your life! ~ © gfp '42™
D.H. Lawrence|Man is willing to accept woman as an equal, as a man in skirts, as an angel, a devil, a baby-face, a machine, an instrument, a bosom, a womb, a pair of legs, a servant, an encyclopaedia, an ideal or an obscenity; the one thing he won’t accept her as, is a human being, a real human being of the feminine sex.
Ed Brubaker, Young Avengers Presents #1 (of 6)|Some Socialists seem to believe that people should be numbers in a State computer. We believe they should be individuals. We are all unequal. No one, thank heavens, is like anyone else, however much the Socialists may pretend otherwise. We believe that everyone has the right to be unequal but to us every human being is equally important.
William Cowper|The vacancy left by absence of worship is filled by mere killing of time and by boredom, which is directly related to inability to enjoy leisure; for one can only be bored if the spiritual power to be leisurely has been lost. There is an entry in Baudelaire... "One must work, if not from taste then at least from despair. For, to reduce everything to a single truth: work is less boring than pleasure.
Alicia Suskin Ostriker, The Crack In Everything|May, and after a rainy springWe walk streets gallant with rhododendrons.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|In one way or another,you owe your life to Mother.
Alan Rickman|Personally, I have detested Gordon Brown since the moment in 2001 when he tried to make cheap capital out of the Laura Spence affair; as his troubles have piled up, I have felt no sympathy for him at all.
Franz Winkler|Not too long ago thousands spent their lives as recluses to find spiritual vision in the solitude of nature. Modern man need not become a hermit to achieve this goal, for it is neither ecstasy nor world-estranged mysticism his era demands, but a balance between quantitative and qualitative reality. Modern man, with his reduced capacity for intuitive perception, is unlikely to benefit from the contemplative life of a hermit in the wilderness. But what he can do is to give undivided attention, at times, to a natural phenomenon, observing it in detail, and recalling all the scientific facts about it he may remember. Gradually, however, he must silence his thoughts and, for moments at least, forget all his personal cares and desires, until nothing remains in his soul but awe for the miracle before him. Such efforts are like journeys beyond the boundaries of narrow self-love and, although the process of intuitive awakening is laborious and slow, its rewards are noticeable from the very first. If pursued through the course of years, something will begin to stir in the human soul, a sense of kinship with the forces of life consciousness which rule the world of plants and animals, and with the powers which determine the laws of matter. While analytical intellect may well be called the most precious fruit of the Modern Age, it must not be allowed to rule supreme in matters of cognition. If science is to bring happiness and real progress to the world, it needs the warmth of man's heart just as much as the cold inquisitiveness of his brain.
Anne Carson, Autobiography of Red|Words bounce. Words, if you let them, will do what they want to do and what they have to do.
Ahmed Farrag|I don't really know that this story has a whole lot of things happen in it. It doesn't really. It's just a record of how things were in my life during this last winter. I guess things happened, but nothing out of the ordinary.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|A tolerance that no longer distinguishes between good and evil would become chaotic and self-destructive, just as a freedom that did not respect the freedom of others or find the common measure of our respective liberties would become anarchy and destroy authority.
V.S. Carnes|There will always be another war, Gillia.” He allowed his cynicism to seep through. “Do you know why? Because there will always be bigots and cowards and power-mad devils in positions of omnipotence. Look around you. There has been war here since time began. It’s nature. Animals kill each other for survival, for territory… and for the taste of blood in their mouths. Man is no different.
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches and Letters of Abraham Lincoln|I kept traveling down the road. And everywhere it was the same. What was my name, who were my people? What was I supposed to say? That my father is the president, and my mother is his slave?
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|While boys are taught that the things that make them men--good men--are universally accepted ethical ideals, women are led to believe that our moral compass lies somewhere between our legs. Literally.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|I’m not a Knight. I’m a Bishop. Or at least I am trying to be. And traveling with you is the most slantwise, backward thing I can possibly think of, which in this place probably means it’s the right thing to do.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Ruled Fairyland - For a Little While|We do not last, she thinks. In the end, only the stories survive.
Mother Angelica|Every second, every day, every year, we fail to address demand for reproductive health and family planning services. Lives are lost, and girls' opportunities to thrive and contribute to their country's development shrink. These are real people.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|Like a carpenter with two broken legs at the bottom of a beautiful staircase. Maybe I can't climb the stairs, ma'am, but at least let me admire the workmanship.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|Life on Earth indeed can seem but one hard-earned lesson after another, with moments of grace and beauty in between to keep people sane, and hopeful. While some die peacefully at the natural end of a long, well-lived life, even they still haven't completed everything they meant to, or lived without regret. And some of us thought we'd have more time to things right. I tell myself that at least we planted some seeds- ideas of love, and faith, and loyalty- that are starting to show signs of growth. Time will tell.
Diana Gabaldon, A Breath of Snow and Ashes|Then she gave one last burst of music. The white Moon heard it, and she forgot the dawn, and lingered on in the sky. The red rose heard it, and it trembled all over with ecstasy, and opened its petals to the cold morning air. Echo bore it to her purple cavern in the hills, and woke the sleeping shepherds from their dreams. It floated through the reeds of the river, and they carried its message to the sea.
Nikki Giovanni|But if we are truly happy inside, then age brings with it a maturity, a depth, and a power that only magnifies our radiance.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Windy Poplars|Don't be ridiculous, please.'The most insulting words in the world!
Ben Vereen|So the next thing I assume I'll be hearing from Republicans, they want to change rules some way, as they do on the House when you get a problem with ethics, they just change the rules.
Idries Shah|Those who can’t, try: those who can, don’t have to.
Heather     James, Fire|Well, most people would have said `thank you' after they'd been given help, and then I would have responded to that with `you're welcome'. I figured we'd skip straight to my part since social graces aren't your forte.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|..and when he let her go, it was as if she had been filled and didn't realize it until he pulled away and the absence rushed back in.
Jeff Dunham|Kind 'Guardian' readers have been forwarding me round robin Christmas newsletters for years now: lengthy missives full of perfect children, exotic holidays, talented pets and endless, tedious detail. The notes that accompanied them revealed they had inspired in the original recipients everything from mild irritation to absolute rage.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Velvet|T-Bone: Most people always want to be somewhere, seeing something, being something or doing something else. Anything other than what they are right then and there. No one’s content with their lot in life…. And then you have those who just don’t give a f*ck. Like me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|It is always imagined before it is lived. In the world of thought, imaginations are lives, but people kill them before they grow to have life!
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|Let’s be simple and calm,Like brooks and trees,And God will love us by makingBeautiful things like the trees and brooks for us,And give us greenness in his spring,And a river for us to go to when we end...
Amber Le Bon|Women do come up to me, and they tell me what they think! I've gotten great compliments on my eyes and my smile. But I don't see myself as sexy.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|I’m not looking for fate. I’m seventeen. I’m looking for kissing, and to move forward a few paces on the game board. You know, do some Living. (With my lips.)
Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me|I heard that when white folks go fishin they do somethin called 'catch and release.'Catch and release? I nodded solemnly, suddenly nervous and curious at the same time.'That really bothers me', Denver went on. 'I just can't figure it out. 'Cause when colored folks go fishin, we really proud of what we catch, and we take it and show it off to everybody that'll look. Then we eat what we catch...in other words, we use it to SUSTAIN us. So it really bothers me that white folks would go to all the trouble to catch a fish, when when they done caught it, just throw it back in the water.'He paused again, and the silence between us stretched a full minute. Then: 'Did you hear what I said?'I nodded, afraid to speak, afraid to offend.Denver looked away, searching the blue autumn sky, then locked onto me again with that drill-bit start. 'So, Mr. Ron, it occurred to me: If you is fishin for a friend you just gon' catch and release, then I ain't got no desire to be your friend.'I returned Denver's gaze with what I hoped was a receptive expression and hung on.Suddenly his eyes gentled and he spoke more softly than before: 'But if you is lookin for a REAL friend, then I'll be one. Forever.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|I watched as Humphrey Bogart’s character used beans as a metaphor for the relative unimportance in the wider world of his relationship with Ingrid Bergman’s character, and chose logic and decency ahead of his selfish emotional desires. The quandary and resulting decision made for an engrossing film. But this was not what people cried about. They were in love and could not be together. I repeated this statement to myself, trying to force an emotional reaction. I couldn’t. I didn’t care. I had enough problems of my own.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|Jump, when they say, and ask, how high? It is the only way to truly fit in. And who would want to be any different?
Kristina McMorris, The Pieces We Keep|If we really exist merely to fulfill God’s plan: then life is a television drama; with God being the scriptwriter, the director, and, the audience.
Horace, The Odes of Horace|Leave off asking what tomorrow will bring, andwhatever days fortune will give, count themas profit.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|I wanted to cry so bad, but my tears are inside. A blindfold keeps them there. I can’t see today. Patti, I don’t know anything.
Shavasti, Embracing the Power of Truth|The pain of childhood walks beside me as a friend, it teaches me how to invite the stillness of compassion - Shavasti
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|he walks into the bedroom like he owns it. says, “i wanna be filthy with you.” takes me down hungry. helps me shed my skin. cafuné. he looked at me like i wasn’t something ruined. filled my vicious parts with gold. touched me with too much yearning. he said, “i’d burn for you.” how can he not see we’re the creators of the fire? he growled, “moan for me.” the wolf bit down and i howled into the night.
Staci Bartley, A Dose Of Love: Simple words of wisdom for creating more love and less fear in your relationships.|If love was absent, you would not feel disappointed; you would feel indifferent.
Rachel L. Demeter, Finding Gabriel|He had a hint of a Southern drawl, as if he’d worked hard to hide it, but couldn’t quite rid himself of the last of it. It was rough and gravelly, and had the seductive warmth of sinking into strong arms in front of a cozy fire. To my surprise, a spark of that long-dead heat stirred in my belly. This wasn’t the sort of response a woman should have to finding a strange man in her barn.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Death, like fiction, is brutal in its symmetry. Take this story and strip it down -all the way back- until you are left with two points. Two dots on a vast, blank canvas, separeted by a sea of white. Here, we have come to the first point, where the batj is drawn and the hand is reachinh for the razor blade. I will meet you at the next, by the axle of a screaming wheel, the revolution of a clock, the closing of an orbit.
Derek Palacio, The Mortifications|To have a meaningful look on your face, you need to have a meaningful emotions deep inside you!
Vince Lombardi Jr.|Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but, because of lack of commitment.
Balroop Singh|Self-love is often equated with self-esteem but when it makes you blind to your own faults and gives you an inflated ego, it is time to introspect.
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|Whether you go your separate ways or stay together, you will continue to witness--against ignorance, against cruelty, and on behalf of all that is beautiful about this strange and crooked world.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|Sun is bad for you. Everything our parents said was good is bad. Sun, milk, red meat...college,
Jeana E. Mann, Intoxicated|Then there were her rules, rules that stated quite clearly that he was a ‘no-go’ area. She drew a deep breath and tried to make a decision in keeping with her rules. But the words would not come. She could not decide to give him up. Her inner self would not even contemplate it. Somehow, he had touched her soul in a way that she could not explain adequately. She felt a link there that was too real to consider severing. Kate felt the anguish of this conflict between her morality and her acceptance of the bond that did exist between them, despite her incredulity and despite her objections.
Bill Cosby|And so the dentist says 'Rinse.' So you lean over, and you're lookin' at this miniature toilet bowl.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|The psycho-babble lavished on her by her mother in a prior life found her, whispering of trauma and coping, how this was not her fault and blaming herself at all was useless. She would eventually try to believe this, as soon as she was behind her locked bedroom door.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|If you have confidence, if you believe in yourself, you can go anywhere.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|We should get jerseys, cause we make a good team; but yours would look better than mine, cause you're outta my league.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The older you get, the easier it is for you to distinguish between your friends and people you are not seeing for the first time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since life is in time, since life is in seconds, minutes, and hours; that means to waste time is to waste life.
Cindy Derbyshire|Treat Your Business like a Romance"With Passion
Auliq Ice|If the words you spoke appeared on your skin, would you still be beautiful?
Maureen F. McHugh, China Mountain Zhang|In fact, caucus, a word derived from the Algonquin languages, better reflected the layers of talking circles and the goal of consensus that were at the heart of governance.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Smiling, she went for his throat and almost had him, when—using a move that was all sorts of illegal—he flipped her again so her front pressed into the leaf-laden ground, her wrists still locked in his iron grip and pinned above her head. “Cheater.” “So says the woman who tried to kick my balls into my throat,” he pointed out, even as he licked the salt off the skin of her neck in a lazy and highly provocative move.
J.M. Coetzee, Slow Man|When you make the effort to speak someone else’s language, even if it’s just basic phrases here and there, you are saying to them, “I understand that you have a culture and identity that exists beyond me. I see you as a human being.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|Let me sing the beauty of my Maggie. Legs:--the knees attached to the thighs, knees shiny, thighs like milk. Arms:--the levers of my content, the serpents of my joy. Back:--the sight of that in a strange street of dreams in the middle of Heaven would make me fall sitting from glad recognition. Ribs?--she had some melted and round like a well formed apple, from her thigh bones to waist I saw the earth roll. In her neck I hid myself like a lost snow goose of Australia, seeking the perfume of her breast. . . . She didn't let me, she was a good girl. The poor big alley cat, though almost a year younger, had black ideas about her legs that he hid from himself, also in his prayers didn't mention . . . the dog. Across the big world darkness I've come, in boat, in bus, in airplane, in train standing my shadow immense traversing the fields and the redness of engine boilers behind me making me omnipotent upon the earth of the night, like God--but I have never made love with a little finger that has won me since. I gnawed her face with my eyes; she loved that; and that was bastardly I didn't know she loved me--I didn't understand.
J.X. Burros|I was so good at being a kid, and so terrible at being whatever I was now.
Christopher Hitchens|Ka'b ibn Malik reported that the Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless him and grant him peace, said, "Two hungry wolves loose among sheep do not cause as much damage as that caused to a man's deen by his greed for money and reputation.
Debasish Mridha|That's the thing about love, it secretly attracts and demands your attention.
Christina Phillips, Hold Me Until Forever|Is there a reason why you’re standing there, staring out the window and watching the neighbors? Are we preparing to kill them and drag them down to the basement and bury them alive?
Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Long Winter|I wanted everything from and everything for him, because I wanted every piece of him.
Anna Pavlova|Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
Eckhart Tolle|I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day.
Edmund Burke, Thoughts on the Cause of the Present Discontents: Volume 1 Paperback: 001|Here we see the word "brain" occurring for the first time in human speech, as far as it is known to us; and in discussing injuries affecting the brain, we note the surgeon's effort to delimit his terms as he selects for specialization a series of common and current words to designate three degrees of injury to the skull indicated in modern surgery by the terms "fracture", "compound fracture," and "compound comminuted fracture," all of which the ancient commentator carefully explains.
Groucho Marx|He was unheeded, happy, and near to the wild heart of life. He was alone and young and wilful and wildhearted, alone amid a waste of wild air and brackish waters and the seaharvest of shells and tangle and veiled grey sunlight.
William Kingdon Clifford|I'm not financially insecure anymore either so I don't have to sit there and get on the latest Poison tour just to make money, which is what a lot of them are doing.
Carrie Snyder, Girl Runner|Today's actions will determine our results of tomorrow,
Nicole Castro, Winner's Curse|Next time when I dive into the territory that I had lived next to, where my sister grew up, I know what to expect. I would be ready. I would be prepared.
Criss Jami, Healology|Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness.
Ada Palmer, Too Like the Lightning|The sensayer frowned. “You’re saying you discuss theology while having sex.”“For beginners it’s before and after mostly, managing it during sex takes skill and concentration.
Elizabeth George, Understanding Your Blessings in Christ: Ephesians|Each Christian comes from a different background, upbringing, lineage, and environment. But in Christ we are unified.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|It is only a novel... or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|I've attended seven schools in ten years," I explain. "So you can rest assured I know you. You're the girl who thinks being cruel is the same thing as being witty. You think being loud is the same thing as being right. And, most of all, you're the girl who is very, very pretty. And also very, very...common. trust me. There's at least one of you in every school." I watch her features shift. "Oh. Wait. Did you think you were unique?
Vinicius Montgomery|We all struggle in some way or another. So it's on us to work hard, and strive towards a better and healthy life.
Alin Sav|Dream big, but do not fall asleep.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|I ask for tons of notebooks for my birthday, the ones with college ruled lines, and I carry them with me, pretend they're my friends, and write anything that comes to mind. Something about my stories makes me happy, allows me to drift away a bit.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|You can choose what you believe, Shuffler, but you can't change what's true.
Cecilia Vinesse, Seven Days of You|And the only thing I knew how to do was to hold on as tightly as possible and count every single second until I reached the last one. The one I dreaded most.Sudden, violent, final.The end.
Wallace J. Nichols, Blue Mind: The Surprising Science That Shows How Being Near, In, On, or Under Water Can Make You Happier, Healthier, More Connected, and Better at What You Do|Every weekend, I fall in love again. By Sunday, the last thing I want to do is let her go, release her back into the cold water of life.
Ally Carter, Perfect Scoundrels|And so that means...""We have to rob the Henley," Simon said.Kat sank onto a truly uncomfortable sofa. "Again.
Mary McDonnell|Let no man imagine that he has no influence. Whoever he may be, and wherever he may be placed, the man who thinks becomes a light and a power.
Alice Walker, The Way Forward is with a Broken Heart|You see, my son, a city is all about how you look at it...We must learn to see it in many ways, so that when one of the ways of looking hurts us, we can take refuge in another way of looking. You must always love the city.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Doesn't matter where you go, home is uphill
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|Our vanity, our passions, our spirit of imitation, our abstract intelligence, our habits have long been at work, and it is the task of art to undo this work of theirs, making us travel back in the direction from which we have come to the depths where what has really existed lies unknown within us.
Jody Hedlund, A Daring Sacrifice|But that was the cruelty of fate, whether you were dying at sea or simply trying to get through high school. Sometimes fate kissed you. Sometimes it snubbed you. Sometimes it passed you a love note, and that note was a lie.
Billy Graham|I'm trying to get the record that I made at my birthday party last year, trying to get that out, and the lawyers are diddling around with it and it probably won't be out until next year. I don't know.
Nury Vittachi, Hong Kong: The City of Dreams|You can leave Hong Kong, but it will never leave you.
Lee A. Wilkinson, Overcoming Anxiety and Depression on the Autism Spectrum: A Self-Help Guide Using CBT|Things haven't always been this bad, therefore they won't always be this bad.
Jonathan Harnisch, Sex, Drugs, and Schizophrenia|I think of the friendships I've strained, the generosity I've exploited, the bridges I've torched. Do as the heavens have done, forget your evil; with them, forgive yourself. There may be hope for me yet.
Sarah Ockler, The Summer of Chasing Mermaids|...when your child dies, you feel everything you'd expect to feel, feelings so well-documented by so many others that I won't even bother to list them here, except to say that everything that's written about mourning is all the same, and it's all the same for a reason - because there is no read deviation from the text. Sometimes you feel more of one thing and less of another, and sometimes you feel them out of order, and sometimes you feel them for a longer time or a shorter time. But the sensations are always the same.But here's what no one says - when it's your child, a part of you, a very tiny but nonetheless unignorable part of you, also feels relief. Because finally, the moment you have been expecting, been dreading, been preparing yourself for since the day you became a parent, has come.Ah, you tell yourself, it's arrived. Here it is.And after that, you have nothing to fear again.
Frank Abagnale|People keep saying how amazing it is having a female lead, and I just sort of feel, 'Well, of course!'
Johanna Spyri, Heidi|I told the students that they were at the age when they might begin to choose places that would sustain them the rest of their lives, that places were more reliable than human beings, and often much longer-lasting, and I asked them where they felt at home.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I love her more than just a little. I think it's because we're both somewhat broken, in our own odd ways. More importantly, we're both aware of it.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions to Ask Your Parents Before It's Too Late|Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn't change the heart of others-- it only changes yours.
A.K.Yasmine|The mind says what it says,and the heart objects,and it wants what it wants,and it always wins,and I break in tears,and I cover my ears,and I close my eyes,and I scream my lungs,and I wish i never met you.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|I was raised among books, making invisible friends in pages that seemed cast from dust and whose smell I carry on my hands to this day.
Carl Sutton, Selective Mutism In Our Own Words: Experiences in Childhood and Adulthood|I was a prisoner inside my own body. I felt desperate, angry, stupid, confused, ashamed, hopeless and absolutely alone... and that this was of my own making. I could speak at home, how come I couldn't outside it? I have never been able to find the right words to describe what it was like. Imagine that for one day you are unable to speak to anyone you meet outside your own family, particularly at school/college, or out shopping, etc., have no sign language, no gestures, no facial expression. Then imagine that for eight years, but no one really understands. It was like torture, and I was the only person that knew it was happening. My body and face were frozen most of the time. I became hyperconscious of myself when outside the home and it was a relief to get back as I was always exhausted. I attempted to hide it (an impossible task) because I felt so ashamed that I couldn't do what other people seemed to find so natural and easy - to speak. At times I felt suicidal.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|To tell you the truth, I'm something of an atheist.
RVM|Don't just Hurry, don't just Haste. Don't just Worry, don't just Waste. Life is a Treasure, Enjoy the Pleasure.- RVM
Czesław Miłosz, A Book of Luminous Things: An International Anthology of Poetry|The phenomenological world is not the bringing to explicit expression of a pre-existing being, but the laying down of being. Philosophy is not the reflection of a pre-existing truth, but, like art, the act of bringing truth into being.
Peter F. Drucker|It’s not about having enough time, it’s about makingenough time.
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|We are to come to the Word in a spirit of humility and contrition because we recognize that we are sinful, that we are often blind to our sinfulness, and that we need the enlightening power of the Holy Spirit in our hearts.
Nikki Rowe|people give themselves away so freely, and we can't be lesser to them for this, we've all experienced density in which we've honoured another's journey before our own, and they too, like us will start to believe that they hold a rare infectious gift by being their 100% self. When they realise this, they won't waste another moment giving away apart of them they fought so hard to find.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Pride could be painful sometimes. And right now, hers was suffocating
|Be curious enough to repeatedly search within you to discover your true purpose in life. When you find it, be sure to break loose from all limitations, and then align all your daily decisions and actions in its positive direction.
Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit|[Credit is a system whereby] a person who can't pay, gets another person who can't pay, to guarantee that he can pay.
John Donne|This is why the ultimate reason of things must lie in a necessary substance, in which the differentiation of the changes only exists eminently as in their source; and this is what we call God.
Anonymous, ESV Study Bible|If I have the gift of the prophecy, and can fathom all mystery's and knowledge, and if I have faith that can move mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing.
T. Kingfisher, The Raven and the Reindeer|Humility grounds a person in the realization that life is not always fair, yet it can be manageable. Genuinely humble people are psychologically secure because they do not require others to dote on them, nor do they try to position themselves for favored treatment. Even as they lay down the wish to play God, they also choose not toe allow another human to assume the position of a god over them.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|I remember when I was twenty-five,” he said. “No client comes to you when you’re twenty-five. It’s like when you are looking for a doctor. You don’t want the new one that just graduated. You don’t want the very old one, the one shaking, the one twenty years past his prime. You want the seasoned one who has done it so many times he can do it in his sleep though. Same thing with attorneys.
Drake|Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is what we are like. Collectively as a species, this is our emotional landscape. I met an old lady once, almost 100 years old, and she told me, "There are only two questions that human beings have ever fought over, all through history. How much do you love me? And Who's in charge? Everything else is somehow manageable. But these two questions of love and control undo us all, trip us up and cause war, grief, and suffering.
Rehmat Changaizi|When you fondle meWith your feathery hands,Then…! I feelThe cabal’s of fireflyCreep into my soul
Gabrielle Zevin|In the end, the end of a life only matters to friends, family, and other folks you used to know. For everyone else, it's just another end.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|It was always the same; other people gave up loving before she did. They got spoilt, or else they went away; in any case, they were partly to blame. Why did it happen so? She herself never changed; when she loved anyone, it was for life. She could not understand desertion; it was something so huge, so monstrous that the notion of it made her little heart break.
Laura Bozo|I'm not saying that Beautiful Peole don't have the right to exist... I'm not saying they should be rounded up and taken to an island. I'm just saying that they are never, ever to be trusted because they can never know what it's like not to be Beautiful and their priority will always be being Beautiful with other Beautiful People.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Remain open-minded, even when you believe yourself to be a king among peasants. You never know what blessings can be gained or crises averted just by listening.
Cody Simpson|Do many guys ask you out twice?""Only the ones with balls.
Karen  Glass|All must read their so-called 'holy' book - word by word - to determine, by self, its unholy bit.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I wish you all the best in life. Hell, I will even write your obituary for free.
William Steig, Abel's Island|The weather wouldn't settle down. It would rain cats and dogs, then stop, then drip awhile, then stop while it made up its mind what to do next.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|You want to be competent? she thought. You want to learn to be in control of what goes on around you, rather than just being pushed around? Then you’ll have to learn to deal with failure.
George E. Sargent, The Story Of Charles Ogilvie|After all, there is no advice which I can give you which you will not find plainly set down in the Book your mother taught you to reverence and love; and I therefore commend you to God, and to the word of His grace.
Auliq Ice|In every life, there is always a journey that is unforgettable and a path that can never be traced.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|If you read the novel in more than two weeks, you don't read the novel really
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|I don’t want to be a widow, I don’t want Michael Bayning, and I don’t want you to joke about such things, you tactless clodpole!”As all three of them stared at her openmouthed, Poppy leapt up and stalked away, her hands drawn into fists.Bewildered by the immediate force of her fury—it was like being stung by a butterfly—Harry stared after her dumbly. After a moment, he asked the first coherent thought that came to him. “Did she just say she doesn’t want Bayning?”“Yes,” Win said, a smile hovering on her lips. “That’s what she said. Go after her, Harry.”Every cell in Harry’s body longed to comply. Except that he had the feeling of standing on the edge of a cliff, with one ill-chosen word likely to send him over. He gave Poppy’s sister a desperate glance. “What should I say?”“Be honest with her about your feelings,” Win suggested.A frown settled on Harry’s face as he considered that. “What’s my second option?
Isaac Asimov, I, Robot|Every period of human development has had its own particular type of human conflict---its own variety of problem that, apparently, could be settled only by force. And each time, frustratingly enough, force never really settled the problem. Instead, it persisted through a series of conflicts, then vanished of itself---what's the expression---ah, yes, 'not with a bang, but a whimper,' as the economic and social environment changed. And then, new problems, and a new series of wars.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Shadows in the Silence|A man can do as he will, but not will as he will.
Martin Lawrence|Opening day is always so cool to be a part of and to people watch. The Pacific Classic, which I've had the privilege of riding in a couple of times, is great. Every day at Del Mar is fantastic. I love the smells, working out on the beach, running the stairs. It's just a healthy environment. I love it.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|You live recklessly when you do not take God's law seriously or respond to the gospel properly. Reckless living can look like laziness and apathy. When you simply aren't motivated and tell yourself that God has forgiven you in Jesus, so you're not going to fight temptation and sin - that is reckless living, and it's far more dangerous than you realize.
Donald H. Calloway, No Turning Back: A Witness to Mercy|The truth hurts sometimes. If we are going to be taught by God, the fisherman, we first need to be captured by Him. And His hook is going to have a bite. Of course, it's going to hurt. The truth hurts when we are sinners and when we acknowledge we are not surrendering to the truth.
Frank Wanderer|First we have to understand that we are not the mind! We are identical with neither its bright, nor its dark side!
Victor Kloss, Elizabeth's Legacy|Was he a real goblin? A minute ago Ben would have scoffed at the prospect, but then came the dragon.
Lana Del Rey|I once had a dreams of becoming a beautiful poet, but upon an unfortunate series of events some of those dreams dashed and divided like a million stars in the night sky that I wished on over and over again, sparkling and broken.But I didn't really mind, because I knew that it takes getting everything you ever wanted, and then losing it to know what true freedom is.
Aldous Huxley|We can have a World War, I see absolutely no reason why we shouldn't have a World Party.
Pope Francis|When the search for pleasure becomes obsessive, it holds us in thrall and keeps us from experiencing other satisfactions. Joy, on the other hand, increases our pleasure and helps us find fulfilment in any number of things, even at those times of life when physical pleasure has ebbed.
John Betjeman|What is beautiful is good, and who is good will soon be beautiful.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers|Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Gender equality is not a belief, it is not an idea - it is a key element of the society that will define whether we the humans shall march ahead towards glory and advancement, or sink into the abyss of an existential doom.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Where,oh,where are the eternity-conscious believers? Where are the souls white-hot for God because they fear His holy name and presence and so live with eternity's values in view?
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Nevertheless, it is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Nothing but the infinite can ever satisfy me; I am such a great sinner that I must have infinite merit to wash my sin away;" but we have had our sin removed, and found that there was merit to spare; we have had our hunger relieved at the feast of sacred love
Michelle Skeen, Love Me, Don't Leave Me: Overcoming Fear of Abandonment and Building Lasting, Loving Relationships|You can’t change your past, but you can begin your journey by understanding it.
Frederick Buechner, The Son of Laughter|The Shield was another of the Fear's names. According to Laughter, it means he shields the seed of Abraham the way a man starting a fire shields the flame. When Sarah was about to die childless, the Fear gave her a son. When Abraham was about to slaughter the son, the Fear gave him the ram. He is always shielding us like a guttering wick, Laughter said, because the fire he is trying to start with us is a fire that the whole world will live to warm its hands at. It is a fire in the dark that will light the whole world home.
Melissa de la Cruz, Lost in Time|I still love you. I will always love you, and that is all that matters. I will forgive you anything, and I will forgive you this.
Marie Lu, Champion|I've never thought of describing her beauty as delicate, because delicate just isn't a word that fits June... but here, now that she's sick, I realize just how fragile she can be.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|Because the parenting IS the most difficult job in the world! Our children need our Love, but also our support within this amazing matrix of choices. They need us to guide them towards Healthy Foods, Healthy Habits, Inspiring Activities, Life Enriching Friends, etc.’Conscious Parenting by Natasa Pantovic Nuit Quotes about kids body mind soul
L.J. Smith|Dismissed like a dog. Damon groped for his jacket behind him, found it, and wished that his groping for his sense of humor could be as successful. The faces around him were all the same. They could have been carved in stone.But not stone as hard as that that was coming together again around his soul. That rock was remarkably quick to mend—and an extra layer was added, like the layering of a pearl, but not covering anything nearly so pretty.
Kari L. Greenaway, Hope Doesn't Hide|His changes are true, And oh for a reason.His work is eternal, And arrives in due season.
Marya Hornbacher, Wasted: A Memoir of Anorexia and Bulimia|The dead live." "How do they live?" "By love.
Sunday Adelaja|You cannot act in the old way, as you got used to, as you have been programmed in your childhood, you will have to change yourself or otherwise you will not survive
Renee Carlino|It’s often mistaken for good advice, but wisdom cannot be imparted to someone. Wisdom can only be earned; it’s a by-product of experience, not necessarily knowledge, otherwise I would be stalking Oprah right now, begging for a transfusion.
Vincent Gallo|I like to stay home and watch television. The Game Show channel, mostly.
Ayelet Zurer|If 'Married With Children' hadn't come out when it did, would we really be looking at 'Roseanne,' 'The Middle,' and 'Raising Hope' and being, like, 'Look at how stereotypical they are to lower-income white people!'
Amit Kalantri|They say “as brave as lion”, they say “as clever as fox”, they say “ as friendly as dog” but nobody says “as something good as man”.
Abraham Joshua Heschel, Man Is Not Alone: A Philosophy of Religion|The Search for reason ends at the known; on the immense expanse beyond it only the sense of the ineffable can glide. It alone knows the route to that which is remote from experience and understanding. Neither of them is amphibious: reason cannot go beyond the shore, and the sense of the ineffable is out of place where we measure, where we weigh. We do not leave the shore of the known in search of adventure or suspense or because of the failure of reason to answer our questions. We sail because our mind is like a fantastic seashell, and when applying our ear to its lips we hear a perpetual murmur from the waves beyond the shore. Citizens of two realms, we all must sustain a dual allegiance: we sense the ineffable in one realm, we name and exploit reality in another. Between the two we set up a system of references, but we can never fill the gap. They are as far and as close to each other as time and calendar, as violin and melody, as life and what lies beyond the last breath.
Daniel H. Wilson, Robopocalypse|Art was art, humans were humans, but art was best when it was human.
Rosalind Russell|A weak soul does not have the endurance to resist the flesh for very long. It grows heavy, becomes flesh itself, and the contest ends. But among responsible men, men who keep their eyes riveted day and night upon the Supreme Duty, the conflict between flesh and spirit breaks out mercilessly and may last until death.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Oh God, please find it within your heart to grant me a heart that looks after itself only because it has first looked after others. And help me to realize that anything less is not a heart.
Geoffrey Wood|All this has been happening around them all the days of their lives though they couldn’t see it, then one day, Prayer removes the veil and everything changes. Think of it this way: Picture a man whistling a tune, when out of nowhere, first a harmony joins, then another, and then suddenly he is taken up into a whirlwind of music, countless instruments playing soaring complexities that the man’s whistling is, indeed, a part of, but now he begins to see how small a part; the longer he listens, he realizes that his is not the melody and where he had thought he was whistling alone, the truth had always been the music playing, though never before that moment heard, and now what had been noise becomes symphony.
Josephine Ross|Experts in fields can be hired & fired. But experts in people, who can understand & respect them and lead them becomes their Leader. And people don't fire them, they follow leaders.
Akshay Vasu|Sometimes our whole life is all about, not letting the fire that burns our homes down become the light that guides us home.
Sunday Adelaja|Preoccupy your mind more and more thinking of strategies, methods of attaining possession in all areas of your life’s endeavour.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Masturbation: A Satirical Essay|It was masturbation, not willpower, that made it possible for gazillions of women to walk down the aisle with their reputation and their hymen still intact.
Debasish Mridha|You are the architect of your own future, so design your future with uncompromising sincerity.
Franklin D. Roosevelt, Great Speeches|We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Erlend Loe, Naïve. Super|A human being weighing 70 kilograms contains among other things:-45 litres of water-Enough chalk to whiten a chicken pen-Enough phosphorus for 2,200 matches-Enough fat to make approximately 70 bars of soap-Enough iron to make a two inch nail-Enough carbon for 9,000 pencil points-A spoonful of magnesiumI weigh more than 70 kilograms.And I remember a TV series called Cosmos. Carl Sagan would walk around on a set that was meant to look like space, speaking in large numbers. On one of the shows he sat in front of a tank full of all the substances human beings are made of. He stirred the tank with a stick wondering if he would be able to create life.He didn’t succeed.
Nancy Ferro|I have learnt from the politics of my great country, Nigeria that there is nothing wrong with the heads of states, but there is something wrong with the state of the heads.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Make yourself your role model, because people who do not have qualities depend on the qualities of others to shape their own qualities.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|When you start to make things happen, you really begin to believe that you can make things happen. And that makes things happen.
Anne Holm|For a moment David was tempted to think that perhaps there were no good people at all outside concentration camps, but then he reminded himself of the sailor and Angelo and the English people who might have been ignorant but were certainly not bad.
Thomm Quackenbush, Of Christmas Present|There might have been prettier women in the room but, when she turned those babies on, fluttered her eyelashes, I was hers. It had taken me nearly fifteen years to extinguish their light. Now, when she looks at me, it's a vacuum. I had drained so much from her over the course of our marriage that every glance rips a little bit of my soul away to fill the void I had whittled within her.
Kevin J. Anderson|I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence.
H.G. Wells|Find the thing you want to do most intensely, make sure that’s it, and do it with all your might. If you live, well and good. If you die, well and good. Your purpose is done
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|How can you use what most excites, angers, or upsets you to achieve what you want to be, do or experience?
Matt      Chandler, Creature of the Word: The Jesus-Centered Church|Law, rather than harnessing the passions, is increasingly pressed into their service.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|People think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone wants. But a true soul mate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that is holding you back, the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life. A true soul mate is probably the most important person you'll ever meet, because they tear down your walls and smack you awake. But to live with a soul mate forever? Nah. Too painful. Soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then leave. A soul mates purpose is to shake you up, tear apart your ego a little bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so new light can get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you have to transform your life, then introduce you to your spiritual master...
Anindita|My Mom and Dad and brother have grown through the years into my closest friends, the people who tell me the most searing truth, who give me soft places to rest and present to me a bright future when the only one I can see from my vantage point is dim and breaking before my eyes.
Genereux Philip|LIFE IS LIKE ELECTRICITY, ANYONE CAN SHOCK YOU
Walt Disney|My work is all about adventure and teamwork in some of the most inhospitable jungles, mountains and deserts on the planet. If you aren't able to look after yourself and each other, then people die.
Lara Biyuts|The world, as it is, is not a permanent reality, but is a temporary product of our choices as creators.
Antonin Artaud, The Theater and Its Double|If there is still one hellish, truly accursed thing in our time, it is our artistic dallying with forms, instead of being like victims burnt at the stake, signaling through the flames.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Energy does not judge, it merely creates.
Martine Bailey, An Appetite for Violets|Reluctant to return to the empty rooms of Bluebell Cottage, Olivia ate fish and chips on the harbor wall, dangling her legs over the side just like she used to as a little girl, even though it made her mam anxious.The breeze nipped at the back of her neck and whipped up a fine sea spray that settled on her hands, leaving sparkling salt crystals as it dried. Fairy dust, she used to call it. She breathed in the fresh air and absorbed the view: tangerine sky and dove-gray sea, ripples on the surface of both, like dragon scales. She savored the sharp tang of vinegar on her tongue, letting her thoughts wander as the sun slowly melted into the sea, turning it to liquid gold.
Anonymous|The heart is perverse above all things, and unsearchable. Who can know it?
Jason Worthley|When it comes to broken trust, women are the master masons, building barriers that not even love can breach. But mothers…they are the architects.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Shorinjiryu Karate : A Dojo Guide|Removing a diamond on a rock is painful but it's more painful when it loses its value when it's not cherished, let alone shaping.
Tonya Harding|Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will.
Alexandra Stoddard|We all have a hungry heart, and one of the things we hunger for is happiness. So as much as I possibly could, I stayed where I was happy. I spent a great deal of time in my younger years just writing and reading, walking around the woods in Ohio, where I grew up.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to have success we have to make an effort and this demands persistent, diligent hard work
Vijay Kumar|If you judge everything by how photographically real it looks, then you're missing out on a lot of what art is about and what communication is. There are ambiguities in life, and that should be reflected in art, cinema, and storytelling, I think.
Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory|All of us had problems, it seemed, whose sources were untraceable, crossing over one another like the trajectories of countless raindrops in a storm, blending to create a fog of delusion and counter-delusion. Powerful forces and connections were undoubtedly at play, yet they seemed to have no faces and no names, and it was anybody's guess what we - a crowd of deluded no-talents - could have possibly done to offend them. We had been caught up in a season of hideous magic from which nothing could offer us deliverance.("Gas Station Carnivals")
Rachel Vincent, If I Die|Anyone who lives in her own world is crazy. Like schizophrenics, psychopaths, maniacs. I mean people who are different from others.'Like you?'On the other hand,' Zedka continued, pretending not to have heard the remark, 'you have Einstein, saying that there was no time or space, just a combination of the two. Or Columbus, insisting that on the other side of the world lay not an abyss but a continent. Or Edmund Hillary, convinced that a man could reach the top of Everest. Or the Beatles, who created an entirely different sort of music and dressed like people from another time. Those people--and thousands of others--all lived in their own world.
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|And Adam ruled, for he was the King. Until the day his will to be King deserted him. Then he died, food for a stronger. And the strongest was always the King, not by strength alone, but King by cunning and luck and strength together. Among the rats.
Andrew Jackson|Ciss says, 'People have less emotions than actors think they have. For much of the time we hide our emotions, we haven't time for emotions. Our brains work so much faster than our emotions.
David Paul Kirkpatrick|Darkness is not forever, eventually there will be stars.
Amanda Craig, Hearts and Minds|You know the only rule you need to know to get on in this country? ‘Never complain, never explain.
Paul Theroux, The Old Patagonian Express: By Train Through the Americas|Reading alters the appearance of a book. Once it has been read, it never looks the same again, and people leave their individual imprint on a book they have read. Once of the pleasures of reading is seeing this alteration on the pages, and the way, by reading it, you have made the book yours.
Kevin DeYoung, Why We're Not Emergent|I cried out at the sudden visitation of pain, everyone in a silent church standing in a rustle of suits and dresses to bend back their longest fingernail.
Mindy Starns Clark, The Amish Midwife|I think sometimes when we grew up with a parent who is deeply flawed....we learn, subconsciously at least, to expect the worst from everyone else as well....Fortunately, it doesn't have to be that way forever. We can learn to see with new eyes if we try.
Anamika Mishra|Letting go is hard, but always worth your efforts.
Hugh Jackman|I know more about what it's like to be elderly and infirm and kind of stupid, the way you get forgetful, but on the other hand I'm a littler, wiser, dare we say? The word 'wisdom' has kind of faded out of our vocabulary, but yeah, I'm a little wiser.
Carter Dickson, The Cavalier's Cup|Sometimes it seems that men--yes, and even women too!--if they believe in a thing strongly enough, they get a strength or endurance that they wouldn't have believe possible.
Charles Dickens|It is the custom on the stage in all good, murderous melodramas, to present the tragic and the comic scenes in as regular alternation as the layers of red and white in a side of streaky, well-cured bacon.
Glenn Greenwald|Yet, the main issue is not the shaping of the minds by explicit messages in the media, but the absence of a given content in the media.
A.E. Samaan|Faith and freedom is great, but it gets nowhere without faith in freedom.
T.L. Rese|Just because it's imaginary, doesn't mean it's not real.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|There must be a lot of duplication in our country’s laws," said Dukhi. "Every time there are elections, they talk of passing the same ones passed twenty years ago. Someone should remind them they need to apply the laws.""For politicians, passing laws is like passing water," said Narayan. "It all ends down the drain.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Their lot in life, their station, became a part of their personalities and helped to for my worldview.
Ben Shapiro|Art, whatever form it takes, requires hard work, craftsmanship and creativity. As a writer, I know my grammar, cadence, the music of prose, and the art of the narrative.
Ronald Reagan|Our government needs the church, because only those humble enough to admit they're sinners can bring democracy the tolerance it requires to survive
Siri Hustvedt, The Sorrows of an American|If you're frightened of the countless number of books in the library, you'll never write anything, until you close your eyes and hold the pen.
Raymond S. Moore, School Can Wait|Homeschool history tells of more than two centuries of home-teaching influence on American education, although it has been largely obscured by the drawn curtains of conventional bias.
Freya Stark|I'd sit on the coffee table and lip sync to 'Blue Christmas,' 'I Can't Help Falling in Love,' 'Love Me Tender,' 'Don't Be Cruel' - some of the big hits like that.
Amy McNamara, Lovely, Dark and Deep|You can't make anything if you're lost to yourself. You'll want to again, it's who you are. Wren, grieving is hard. Complex. Takes its own time.
Diyar Harraz, Like The Starlings|It was bittersweet and lovely how this thing called family could make you feel belonged, wanted and complete.
Dada Bhagwan|Anger-pride-deceit-greed are in the form of ‘discharge’. But if one does not have ‘knowledge of True Self’ (realization of the self), then he ‘charges’ new karmas within.
Paige Weaver|Ryder Delaney was the one imperfection in my life.He was the bad boy,black sheep,the one your mother always warned you about.He had only one hard-and-fast rule-Don't Fall In Love
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I think they ought to know. You do them a disservice by not confiding something this important to them.”“I didn’t want —”“— to worry or frighten them?” said Dumbledore, surveying Harry over the top of his half-moon spectacles. “Or perhaps, to confess that you yourself are worried and frightened? You need your friends, Harry. As you so rightly said, Sirius would not have wanted you to shut yourself away.
Auliq-Ice|Friendship provides the ideas, tools, comfort, and motivation that nothing else can give or offer.
Siobhan Fallon, You Know When the Men Are Gone|It was "Boom Boom" Dupont who had ripped Kit out of the Humvee after the IED went off, the IED that turned the entire undercarriage of his truck into a fiery wall that consumed the five men inside.
|God has something great in you that can take you very far in life if you consistently push hard and long enough, despite your fears and doubts.
Ahmed Alibage|Nothing lasts forever. Sadness has an end no matter how long it may last. The more you prepare for the end of your sadness, the more happy you will be
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Neen James (NeenJames.com) is an eloquent and successful international speaker who stands at four-feet-eleven with a rich Australian dialect and a high-pitched voice. For years, fellow speakers with good intentions told her she needed to take voice lessons to lower her pitch to give her more depth for a compelling stage presence. With complete confidence and loyalty to her uniqueness, she ignored the naysayers and her amazing signature voice has become a powerful brand.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|If you can be kind to people, you will be a genius in this world.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|Now that I think about it, maybe he is a werewolf. I can picture him lunging over the moors in hot pursuit of his prey, and I'm certain that he wouldn't think twice about eating an innocent bystander. I'll watch him closely at the next full moon. He's asked me to go dancing tomorrow--perhaps I should wear a high collar. Oh, that's vampires, isn't it? I think I am a little giddy. (After meeting Mr. Markham V. Reynolds, Jr.)
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia in the Attic|The people who run the circus kidnapped us from our parents. Since we got here, we have all been working in the circus. We can’t see any of our mummies or kiss them OR cuddle up to them. said Adrian.His tears flowing in his big blue eyes that were the colour of the sky. We didn’t want to listen to our parents when they told us: ‘Never, Ever!” talk to strangers. We all disobeyed and spoke to strangers, and then the strangers stole us away from our parents.
James Altucher, The Rich Employee|Always take the job, pursue the life, and have the friends that allow you to have as much freedom as possible.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|The scope of the transgender empire may be reaching its peak, as transcriticism is increasing at a fast pace both within activist feminism and from wives and regretters. There is an increasing groundswell of criticism of the concept and practice of transgenderism from a newly invigorated radical feminist movement. Moreover, the idea of transgenderism has become so vague and general that the category is in danger of being exploded.
Charles de Lint|Friendship with ones self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Alysia Abbott, Fairyland: A Memoir of My Father|If he once failed as a father, it was a noble fail.
Marty Johncox|It's true that a picture is worth a thousand words, but it's also true that a word is worth a thousand pictures.
Colin Wilson|Imagination should be used, not to escape reality but to create it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|At a leadership level, there is need to become aware of the realities required to lead and deliver value to people and groups, some who might have values and beliefs that significantly differ from your own. The ability to objectively strike this balance will indicate your level of leadership maturity.
Kathleen A. Kendall-Tackett|When you're a passenger on an airplane, you are told that in the event of a change in cabin pressure, you should put your mask on first and then assist your children. You can't help them if you are unconscious. A similar principle applies with your day to day health. Mothers tend to put others first. While this is admirable in one sense, it is not a good practice in the long run. You cannot strike a balance between your needs and the needs of your family if you are constantly run down. Stop abusing your body.
Phindiwe Nkosi, Behind the Hospital|Majority of people prefer a good name to a bad name, but to me, anyone can call me anything, as long as it is not written on my face.
Genereux Philip|Bitch, if I ain't a G, I'm an OG
|I realized that despite the fear and the bruises of life, one has to keep on fighting for one's dream. As Borges said in his writings "there is no other virtue than being brave." And one has to understand that braveness is not the absence of fear but rather the strength to keep on going forward despite the fear.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.
Charlie Jane Anders|You turned your guilt into resentment, because that seems easier to face. You won't move on until you turn it back into guilt, and then into forgiveness for yourself.
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree|To see human beings in agony, to see them covered in blood and to hear their death groans, makes people humble. It makes their spirits delicate, bright, peaceful. It's never at such times that we become cruel or bloodthirsty. No, it's on a beautiful spring afternoon like this that people suddenly become cruel. It's at a moment like this, don't you think, while one's vaguely watching the sun as it peeps through the leaves of the trees above a well-mown lawn? Every possible nightmare in the world, every possible nightmare in history, has come into being like this.
Tom Upton, Just Plain Weird|Oh, people get used to so many things," said Vadesh, "if only they give them selves a chance.
Christy Turlington|Every profession will have its rogues, of course, no matter what oaths are sworn, but many health care professionals have a real commitment to serving the best interests of their clients.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter's Final Cut|Mathematics had never had more than a secondary interest for him [her husband, George Boole]; and even logic he cared for chiefly as a means of clearing the ground of doctrines imagined to be proved, by showing that the evidence on which they were supposed to give rest had no tendency to prove them.
Rita Dove|The poetry that sustains me is when I feel that, for a minute, the clouds have parted and I've seen ecstasy or something.
Robert Coppola Schwartzman|I think that anyone who lives in New York, who's lived here, who's spent any time here, knows that it's basically a love-hate relationship, you might say. Even though I still think it's the greatest city in the world and I wouldn't live anywhere else, there're still things about it one doesn't like. The love far outweighs the negative.
Marjorie M. Liu, Shadow Touch|In river rescues, members of the Kansas City Fire Department rescue squad yell profanity-laced threats at victims before they get to them. If they don't, the victim will grab on to them and push them under the water in a mad scramble to stay afloat. "We try to get their attention. And we don't always use the prettiest language," says Larry Young, a captain in the rescue division. "I hope I don't offend you by saying this. But if I approach Mrs. Suburban Housewife and say, 'When I get to you, do not fucking touch me! I will leave you if you touch me!' she tends to listen.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Grace is costly because it calls us through our person to the person of Jesus Christ. And when we follow the person of Jesus Christ, when we follow his call through our person, we're sent to act for the concrete person of our neighbor in the world.
Val Uchendu|If you seek success, serve others. If you seek immortality give. Serve or give your time, skills, talent or gift. In the end, what you leave behind are trails of the lives you changed and the hearts you touched.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry|What we do know, and what we can assert without further hesitation, is that he universe had a beginning. The universe continues to evolve. And yes, every one of our body's atoms is traceable to the big bang and to the thermonuclear furnaces within high-mass stars that exploded more than five billion years ago. We are stardust brought to life, then empowered by the universe to figure itself out - and we have only just begun.
Édouard Levé, Suicide|You did not fear death. You stepped in its path, but without really desiring it: how can one desire something one doesn’t know? You didn’t deny life but affirmed your taste for the unknown, betting that if something existed on the other side, it would be better than here.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Trust is developed under pressure and over time; just as with God by us." ~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Scott Stabile|In my experience, it is always worth it to find the love that lives inside you. No matter how deep you have to dig sometimes.
D. Anne Love, Picture Perfect|I was such a smart kid, I should have figured out that the only way to really get my parents’ attention was to disappoint them or fail. But by the time I finally realized that, succeeding was already a habit too ingrained to break.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|[Who are the artists you admire, Surrealist or otherwise?]Remedios Varo, Max Ernst, Charlotte Salomon, Goya, Aubrey Beardsley. Beardsley is not so much about the impossible as he is about freaks and deformities, but those are interesting to me too.
W. Clement Stone|My attitude towards drawing is not necessarily about drawing. It's about making the best kind of image I can make, it's about talking as clearly as I can.
Guy Finley|I love the ocean. I've always liked the blue, so tranquil and peaceful and gliding. And the fear of it.
Larry R. Lawrence|Peer pressure becomes more powerful when our children are away from our influence and when their defenses are weakened late at night. If you have ever felt uneasy about an overnight activity, don’t be afraid to respond to that warning voice inside. Always be prayerful when it comes to protecting your precious children.
Jerry Ash, Hellraiser—Mother Jones: An Historical Novel|I go back to the union man and say, “Sir, this is a house of God, not a proper place for a union meeting. I have some things to say today that God would not want to hear in His own house. Boys, I want you to get up, every one of you, and go across the road. I want you to sit down on the hillside over there and wait for me to speak to you.
Swami Vivekananda|Strength is Life, Weakness is Death".
John Denham|Interest is the spur of the people, but glory that of great souls. Invention is the talent of youth, and judgment of age.
Edwidge Danticat|It's said truth is stranger than fiction, but fiction makes truth a friend, not a stranger.
Ann Medlock|My parents didn't settle for the lives their parents lived. They stepped out and up, my father lying his way into the Navy when he was too young to enlist, my mother marrying this fugitive from the mills when she was too young for marriage. A smart guy, he took every course the Navy offered, aced them all, becoming the youngest chief warrant officer in the service. After Pearl Harbor the Navy needed line officers fast and my dad was suddenly wearing gold stripes.My mother watched and learned, getting good at the ways of this new world. She dressed beautifully. Our quarters were always handsomely fitted out. She and Dad were gracious, well-spoken.They were far from rich, but there were books and there was music and sometimes conversations about the world. We even listened to the Metropolitan Opera broadcasts on Saturdays.Still, when I finished high school, their attitudes and the times said that there was little point in further educating a girl. I would take a clerical job until I could find the right junior officer to marry and pursue his career, as helpmeet. If I picked well and worked hard, I might someday be an admiral's wife.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, The Book of Mormon: Another Testament of Jesus Christ|The healing power of charity, bestowed by our Father and made possible by the Atonement of Jesus Christ, can make it virtually impossible for us even to feel emotions common to the natural man.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero's Journey: Joseph Campbell on His Life & Work|Be interested yourself, and you will interest others.
Manprit Kaur|Plans become Platitudes, if you don't have Passion and Persistence to Execute them!
Avicii|I'll bring my grits when I travel, because I get so hungry on the road.
Daniel Wu|I absorbed as many Impressionist paintings as I could, in Parisian museums and in many museums in the United States and in books, looking for clues to architecture, clothing, settings.
Robert M. Drake|You’re not a bad person, you’re just a little bit different and I’m a sucker for that.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Not everything that happens during the day is an open portending a good or evil development in the future, but everything has meaning to one degree or another, for the world is an ever-weaving tapestry from which no thread can be pulled without destroying the integrity of the cloth.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|In this town, a successful marriage is one that lasts longer than ice.
Haile Selassie I|Education develops the intellect; and the intellect distinguishes man from other creatures. It is education that enables man to harness nature and utilize her resources for the well-being and improvement of his life. The key for the betterment and completeness of modern living is education. But, ' Man cannot live by bread alone '. Man, after all, is also composed of intellect and soul. Therefore, education in general, and higher education in particular, must aim to provide, beyond the physical, food for the intellect and soul. That education which ignores man's intrinsic nature, and neglects his intellect and reasoning power can not be considered true education.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Adam is crying and somewhere inside of me I am crying, too, because I'm feeling things at last. I'm feeling not just the physical pain, but all that I have lost, and it is profound and catastrophic and will leave a crater in me that nothing will ever fill.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|Diligence and attention soon gave him the knack of it, and he strode down the street with his mouth full of harmony and his soul full of gratitude. He felt much as an astronomer feels who has discovered a new planet—no doubt, as far as strong, deep, unalloyed pleasure is concerned, the advantage was with the boy, not the astronomer.
Dean Ornish|The best six doctors anywhereAnd no one can deny itAre sunshine, water, rest, and airExercise and diet.These six will gladly you attendIf only you are willingYour mind they'll easeYour will they'll mendAnd charge you not a shilling.”-- Nursery rhyme quoted by Wayne Fields, What the River Knows, 1990
Adharanand Finn, Running with the Kenyans: Passion, Adventure, and the Secrets of the Fastest People on Earth|Heat radiated off Henry's face. Salty snot ran down his upper lip. A majestic fart propelled him to the top of Section 12, just at the springing of the stadium's curve. He slapped the sign as if high-fiving a teamate. It gave back a game shudder. He was crusing now, darkness be damned, stripping off his sweatshirt and his long underwear top without breaking stride.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Where there is a Key, there is yet hope.
Phil Rickman, Candlenight|Behind everyday reality, there is a deeper reality so cruel that it condemns to death those who crime is no greater than the pursuit of their own curiosity.("Shem-El-Nessim: An Inspiration In Perfume")
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|She liked then to wander alone into strange and unfamiliar places. She discovered many a sunny, sleepy corner, fashioned to dream in.
Lauren Hammond, He Loves Me...He Loves You Not...|Because sometimes in life, Ken didn't always choose Barbie. (Jane Alcott)
Lloyd Alexander, The Arkadians|There is no exception to this rule: "All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant." They say there is no rule without an exception, but there is an exception to that rule.
Havelock Ellis|When we give ourselves the chance to let go of all our tension, the body's natural capacity to heal itself can begin to work.
Akshay Vasu|SOUNDS GROSS," he said. "SALAZAR PREFERS WOOD. TAPESTRIES ARE ALSO ACCEPTABLE.
James M. Cain|Finish the work, otherwise an unfinished work will finish you.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|The time and moment of Ancient and Medieval is gone, a new change is sought from within by the lifeforce a moment that is for NOW and not holding on the Past which though Primordial is eternally in the present living for the Future.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|Reality is not a function of the event as event, but of the relationship of that event to past, and future, events.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|In this stillness that is at the same time movement, in this darkness that is at the same time light, change is found not in the realm of ideas but in the energizing desire that is realized through precipitation. Desire tends towards its own realization and change takes place when the desire for it shatters the bounds of the possible, breaking the dialectical equilibrium holding together the framework of what is existent. It is at such moments that the imaginary flows into the real and overwhelms it, inundating it until it has been absorbed.
Mos Def|Right now I just want to chill for a while. Take a hiatus from all the craziness. To clean my house, see my family. Just see some movies and pick some strawberries.
Sadie Jones, The Outcast|There was a sudden stillness like the gap between ticks on a clock, but the next tick never coming.
Dada Bhagwan|The one, who likes to have an ‘underhand’, will inevitably come across a ‘boss’!
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|First, people should open their eyes to see structural sin, which is the very existence of a First and Third World. As long as there's a First World, there won't be peace because there won't be justice or sharing. (Pedro Casaldaliga, p. 243)
Akash Lakhotia|Pain is there when you are born,Its the very first thing you feel when you come in to the world.Then why run? Face it head on, cry in it,laugh in it because in the end pain is what you will remember.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|When you are trying to do something very innovative and revolutionary, you must also open yourself to a lot of questions.
Arven-TheWolfmyinnerSoul|Being a friend means knowing how to keep a confidence. Knowing when to be supportive and when to be quiet and show compassion. Sometimes saying nothing at all is the best thing you can do, because all that’s really needed is a hug.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|I feel grace. Warm and flowing like a river, it pours over me. I am awash in grace and cannot help but raise my face to it as I would the sun. I want to laugh as it rains downs on me, ripples through my limbs, cleanses them of fatigue and self-loathing. I am reborn in this grace, and suddenly, I can do anything.
Alastair Reid|And what cats have to tellon each return from hellis this: that dying is what the living do, that dying is what the loving do, and that dead dogs are those who do not knowthat dying is what, to live, each has to do.
Matthew Haldeman-Time, Off the Record|He wanted Jordan so badly, his fantasies consumed him. Whenever he reached out to touch something, paper, the phone, his steering wheel, there was a brief moment when he expected his hand to come in contact with the smooth silk of Jordan’s skin. When he ate, his tongue instinctively sought the taste of Jordan. Whenever he picked up the phone, he expected to hear Jordan’s voice.
Jean Kerr|When I get married, it'll be no secret.
Howard Tayler|Let a man leave anger, let him forsake pride, let him overcome all bondage! No sufferings befall the man who is not attached to name and form and who calls nothing his own.[Verse 221] TR- Friedrich Max Müller
Tana French, Faithful Place|This worked out perfectly for me in college, because what nineteen-year-old Virginia boy doesn't want a wide-hipped, sarcastic Greek girl with short hair that's permed on top? What's that you say? None of them want that? You are correct.
J.D. Robb, Indulgence in Death|I said, you're the beat of my heart, the breath in my body, the light in my soul.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Life doesn't offers charity, it offers chance.
Matt Mickiewicz|Being an only child and losing both my parents at an early age, I have found that the friends I have made over the years are the people who help me get through life, good times and bad.
Anthony T. Hincks|Sometimes when you love someone so deeply, that is the thing that hurts the most.
Willa Cather, The Selected Letters|I suppose the test of one's decency is how much of a fight one can put up after one has stopped caring, and after one has found that one can never please the people they wanted to please.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|My favourite piece of information is that Branwell Brontë, brother of Emily and Charlotte, died standing up leaning against a mantle piece, in order to prove it could be done.This is not quite true, in fact. My absolute favourite piece of information is the fact that young sloths are so inept that they frequently grab their own arms and legs instead of tree limbs, and fall out of trees. However, this is not relevant to what is currently on my mind because it concerns sloths, whereas the Branwell Brontë piece of information concerns writers and feeling like death and doing things to prove they can be done, all of which are pertinent to my current situation to a degree that is, frankly, spooky.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Somewhere in the notes Estraven wrote during our trek across the Gobrin Ice he wonders why his companion is ashamed to cry. I could have told him even then that it was not shame so much as fear. Now I went on through the Sinoth Valley, through the evening of his death, into the cold country that lies beyond fear. There I found you can weep all you like, but there's no good in it.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Henry Van Dyke, The Other Wise Man|No religion with a universal message . . . under one flag can even momentarily entertain the idea of employing force to spread its message. Swords can win territories, but not hearts. Force can bend heads, but not minds.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|Are you one of those fifty-shades-of-bondage people? I haven't been into that in the past, but I might be willing to try with you. Although I would want to be the one to do the bondaging, while you would have to be the bondagee.
D. H. Lawrence|Snobbery - the "pox Britannica"
Lailah Gifty Akita|Make no attachment, so you can flow freely.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|Miguel came to my restless mind, as he always did when I slept. Old memories never left me alone.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|Have you considered—between now and any future leg-shackling, that is—the possibility of spending some time not running things?” “Oh, I do,” she said earnestly. “Twice daily! I try very hard not to run things in my sleep, nor whilst cleaning my teeth. Far too difficult to bark orders with tooth powder in one’s mouth.
Deyth Banger|You as a soul you are alive, you as an actor - dead, as a character - dead... That's life, like it or not, it's not my problem!
Anne Lamott|If we ask God for a calm, thankful heart that sees all the blessings His grace imparts, He can teach us many lessons in illness that can never be learned in health.
Isobel Bird, The Challenge Box|I circle around them, my sword pointed in their direction. "Hermes Trismegistus. Ostanes the Persian. Olympiodorous of Thebes---" I stop, feeling like an idiot. These necromancers and the ridiculous names they give themselves. They're always trying to outdo one another. "You five," I said instead. "By the authority of King Malcolm of Anglia, I am commanded to arrest you for the crime of witchcraft.
Anthony Liccione|You know you love something if you're willing to die for it, and you know it means nothing if you walk away from that which is dying.
Alice Steinbach, Without Reservations: The Travels of an Independent Woman|If life — the craving for which is the very essence of our being — were possessed of any positive intrinsic value, there would be no such thing as boredom at all: mere existence would satisfy us in itself, and we should want for nothing.
Elaine  White, The Alpha and the Oracle|In this otherworldly moment I am profoundly grateful to be here, to be alone, to experience this thing that no one has ever experienced and that no one else ever will.
Jeffrey Fry|It was Friday, so the farmers' market was in full autumnal swing, a sea of potted chrysanthemums and bushel after bushel of apples, pears, Fauvist gourds, and pumpkins with erotically fanciful stems. On one table stood galvanized buckets of the year's final roses; on another, skeins of yarn in muted, soulful purples and reds. Walter loved this part of the season- and not just because it was the time of year his restaurant flourished, when people felt the first yearnings to sit by a fire, to eat stew and bread pudding and meatloaf, drink cider and toddies and cocoa. He loved the season's transient intensity, its gaudy colors and tempestuous skies.
Jaeda DeWalt|During my sorrowful outburst, my mother had remained entirely impassive. But then why not? Was she not mad? Nay, she was not. She had successfully discarded, as I also wished to do, the arduous yoke of a troublesome existence and had escaped to a tranquil haven somewhere beyond the reach of our world.
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|Some ancient oversight had nearly taken his sight, but this sad fuck was already blind inside.
Lydia Lunch|We're all living blinkered lives, and we're not seeing what's going on and looking to change it. I'm not saying that everyone has to make a political statement, but we need to be more aware of what's happening and why.
Debasish Mridha|Eleanore," he whispered again, tilting his head to mine, his lips skimming past my cheek, his breath in my ear. "I'd wait forever for you, you know. If it mattered. If you'd care.""I do care," I whispered back, miserable.His fingers tightened, warm and firm. "No, you don't. Not the way I mean. Not yet.
Don DeLillo, Americana|I drove all night, northeast, and once again I felt it was literature I had been confronting these past days, the archetypes of the dismal mystery, sons and daughters of the archetypes, images that could not be certain which of two confusions held less terror, their own or what their own might become if it ever faced the truth. I drove at insane speeds.
Bruno Silva|Shukhov had been told that this old man'd been in camps and prisons more years than you could count and had never come under any amnesty. When one ten-year stretch was over they slapped on another. Shukhov took a good look at him close up. In the camp you could pick him out among all the men with their bent backs because he was straight as a ramrod. When he sat at the table it looked like he was sitting on something to raise himself up higher. There hadn't been anything to shave off his head for a long time-he'd lost all his hair because of the good life. His eyes didn't shift around the mess hall all the time to see what was going on, and he was staring over Shukhov's head and looking at something nobody else could see. He ate his thin gruel with a worn old wooden spoon, and he took his time. He didn't bend down low over the bowl like all the others did, but brought the spoon up to his mouth. He didn't have a single tooth either top or bottom-he chewed the bread with his hard gums like they were teeth. His face was all worn-out but not like a goner's-it was dark and looked like it had been hewed out of stone. And you could tell from his big rough hands with the dirt worked in them he hadn't spent many of his long years doing any of the soft jobs. You could see his mind was set on one thing-never to give in. He didn't put his eight ounces of bread in all the filth on the table like everybody else but laid it on a clean little piece of rag that'd been washed over and over again.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilised by education: they grow there, firm as weeds among stones.
Olivier Todd, Albert Camus: A Life|Even the disciples, who at times could be dense as bricks, realized that the true neighbor was the one who showed mercy to a stranger.
Rich Shapero, Too Far|Like I said, Kenzie. Everything ends. I’m not afraid to die,” you say with a wan smile. “I just hope I’m smart enough to stay dead.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Elective Affinities|But there are times," said Charlotte, "when it is necessary and an act of friendship to write nothing rather than not to write.
Ruth Downie, Terra Incognita|I remembered seeing a media channel where they showed picture after picture of food items I had never seen before in my life. When I asked my father what it was, he said they called it the “Two Minutes’ Hate.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Ruined By Reading: A Life in Books|I fell in love the moment I saw her in her grandfather's kitchen, her dark curls crashing over her Portuguese shoulders. 'Would you like to drink coffee?' she smiled.'I'm really not that thirsty.''What? What you say?' Her English wasn't too good. Now I'm seventy-three and she's just turned seventy. 'Would you like to drink coffee?' she asked me today, smiling. 'I'm really not that thirsty.''What? What you say?' Neither of us has the gift of language acquisition. After fifty years of marriage we have never really spoken, but we love each other more than words can say.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|Pure has become impure,Impure has now become pure.Good has now become bad,Bad has become evil.For one to live is to die,for one to die is to live.-Kikyo
Trine Daely, Life Games|Painted desert, ocean of colorsun's worshiper, moon's loverpicture of a coyote's voicesandbox of angels, another toy.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Surely, if there could be regrets in heaven, the saints might mourn that they did not live longer here to do more good.
Jan Morris|There are people everywhere who form a Fourth World, or a diaspora of their own.They are the lordly ones! They come in all colors.They can be Christians or Hindus or Muslims or Jews or pagans or atheists.They can be young or old, men or women, soldiers or pacifists, rich or poor.They may be patriots, but they are never chauvinists.They share with each other, across all the nations, common values of humor and understanding.When you are among them you know you will not be mocked or resented, because they will not care about your race, your faith, your sex or your nationality, and they suffer fools if not gladly, at least sympathetically.They laugh easily. They are easily grateful. They are never mean.They are not inhibited by fashion, public opinion, or political correctness.They are exiles in their own communities, because they are always in a minority, but they form a mighty nation, if they only knew it.It is the nation of nowhere.
Antwi Isaac - BORN2WIN.|Before you are much older...you will have policemen here to stay. A magistrate will be next. Then perhaps even a jail. And the counterparts of those things are hunger and want, and misery and idleness. The night is coming. Watch and pray.
Iva Kenaz, Manifested|You are the author of your life. If you don't like how it goes, write it differently.
Doug Dorst, S.|Something about her in this moment strikes him as being familiar. The motion of her arm? The shape of her hand? The wrinkle of her upper lip? He does not know. Nor does he have any way to tell whether what he is sensing is a fragment of memory, a fragment of an idea of a memory, or something his mind, desperate for connections, has created on its own.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Due to the need to co-exist with these inhuman and inconsiderate people, we will obviously be disturbed by their acts; something which if we look at closely actually means that we too could be affecting some other people negatively every once in a while.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Truth has to be repeated constantly, because Error also is being preached all the time, and not just by a few, but by the multitude. In the Press and Encyclopaedias, in Schools and Universities, everywhere Error holds sway, feeling happy and comfortable in the knowledge of having Majority on its side.
Y.S. Lee, A Spy in the House|News of Daniel's disappearance does not alarm me as it might have done a week ago. Given recent events, very little alarms me as it might have done a week ago. I feel as if my supply of alarm has been exhausted, at least temporarily.
Sui Ishida, 東京喰種トーキョーグール 3 [Tokyo Guru 3]|What none of them knew, of course, was that Carrie White was telekinetic.
Clara Zetkin|When the men kill, it is up to us women to fight for the preservation of life.
Stanisław Lem, Highcastle: A Remembrance|Of the two powers, the two categories that take possession of us when we enter the world, space is by far the less mysterious. . . . Space is, after all, solid, monolithic. . . . Time, on the other hand, is a hostile element, truly treacherous, I would say even against human nature.
Devdutt Pattanaik, My Gita|The daughter of Sin was determined to goTo the dark house, dwelling of Erkalla's god, To the house which those who enter cannot leave, On the road where travelling is one-way only, To the house where those who enter are deprived of light, Where dust is their food, clay their bread. They see no light, they dwell in darkness,They are clothed like birds, with feathers.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|What about you?" he asked, his words not much more than a mumble. "Regrets?""Many," Skuduggery said.Tesseract's breath rattled in his chest. "That's the goo thing about living. You get to make up for past mistakes.""Or make brand-new ones.
Christopher Moore|There's a fine edge to new grief, it severs nerves, disconnects reality--there's mercy in a sharp blade. Only with time, as the edge wears, does the real ache begin.
Russell Crowe|Whenever I think about movies, I always look at that art process as having the best of a lot of worlds. Because if you watch a great film, you have a musical element to it, not just on the scoring, but in the way that the shots are edited - that has music and rhythm and time.
Gloria Whelan, Summer of the War|I liked having some time to myself. Our family was such a close one, you could get smothered. Of course, we didn't always agree with one another. Sometimes I quarreled with my brother and sisters, but I couldn't remember hating anyone for more than five minutes.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|What makes a hero? Courage, strength, morality, withstanding adversity? Are these the traits that truly show and create a hero? Is the light truly the source of darkness or vice versa? Is the soul a source of hope or despair? Who are these so called heroes and where do they come from? Are their origins in obscurity or in plain sight?
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Buried Giant|This country awakens so many memories, though each seems like some restless sparrow I know will flee any moment into the breeze.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|In winter the very ground seemed to reach up and grab the elderly, yanking them to earth as though hungry for them.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Stay in your boats,” Dahra said. “We’re still going to need food. Throw your fish onto the dock. I’ll get Albert to send someone here to collect it. Then go back out, row up the coast a little ways, and camp out.”“Camp out?” Quinn echoed.“Yes!”“You’re serious.”“No, it’s my idea of a joke, Quinn,” Dahra snapped. “Pookie just coughed up a lung and fell over dead. You understand what I’m saying? I mean he coughed his actual lungs out of his mouth.
George W. Bush, Decision Points|Our laws are like the software that runs our country. All the laws for a country, together, are called its legal code, just like computer software is written using code.
Ane Krstevska|Never settle for less, optimize your potential wherever you find yourself.
Hannah Moskowitz, Teeth|I wish we would all just fall apart so I wouldn't have to listen to the downfall happen, so slowly, so painfully.
Chris  Cannon, Boomerang Boyfriend|He pointed at my tiara. “Why are you wearing a crown?”I adjusted my freshly bedazzled head gear. “It’s a tiara and it’s part of the uniform when you’re the Pie Princess.”“And it doesn’t bother you to wear it?” He pushed his glasses up on his nose, framing his coffee-colored eyes.“Are you kidding? It feels like the accessory that’s been missing from my wardrobe all my life.” I struck a pose. “Admit it. You think I look awesome.” He chuckled and shoved his hands in the front pockets of his jeans. “You always look good, but that tiara is ridiculous.
Karolyn Grimes|Chum was a British boy's weekly which, at the end of the year was bound into a single huge book; and the following Christmas parents bought it as Christmas presents for male children.
Russell Baker|Twilight drops her curtain down, and pins it with a star.
Julia Quinn, Minx|What's wrong with (Captain) Jack Aubrey?""Everything, since he has a command and I have not.
Fulton J. Sheen|All love on this earth involves choice. When, for example, a young man expresses his love to a young woman and asks her to become his wife, he is not just making an affirmation of love; he is also negating his love for anyone else. In that one act by which he chooses her, he rejects all that is not her. There is no other real way in which to prove we love a thing than by choosing it in preference to something else. Word and signs of love may be, and often are, expressions of egotism or passion; but deeds are proofs of love. We can prove we love our Lord only by choosing Him in preference to anything else.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress|On the Day of Judgment , life and death are not determined by the world but by God's wisdom and law
Saint Teresa of Avila|Love is the total absence of fear. Love asks no questions. Its natural state is one of extension and expansion, not comparison and measurement.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|Those who remember, remembered live on; those who forget, forgotten are gone.
Tsitsi Dangarembga, Nervous Conditions|[she used to say that] each of us has a veil between ourselves and the rest of the world – like a bride wears on her wedding day—except this kind of veil is invisible. we walk around happily with these invisible veils hanging down over our faces. the world is kind of blurry. we like it that way. but sometimes our veils are pushed away for a few moments – like there’s a wind blowing it from our faces – and when the veil lifts, we can see the world as it really is, just for those few seconds before it settles down again. we see all the beauty and cruelty and sadness and love, but mostly we are happy not to. some people learn to lift the veils themselves. then they don’t have to depend on the wind anymore. ...it’s just her way of saying that most of the time people get distracted by little stuff, and ignore the big stuff.
Aaron Lauritsen|Thank goodness we don'y meet many people like [Miss Trunchbull] in this world, although they do exist and all of us are likely to come across at least one of them in a lifetime. If you ever do, you should behave as you would if you met an enraged rhinoceros out in the bush--climb up the nearest tree and stay there until it has gone away.
Patricia Lockwood, Motherland Fatherland Homelandsexuals|I looked over at him, running in the distance. Another faulty, fucked-up brain in a healthy body.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|O God! There are many things in [the Bible] I do not understand . . . I am going to accept this as Thy Word—by faith! I’m going to allow faith to go beyond my intellectual questions and doubts, and I will believe this to be Your inspired Word.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|An artist that makes art merely to meet a demand is a slave to what his patrons wants to see, or, hear.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Here is a wonderful habit: From time to time stop; move not; speak not; just watch the nature, because this is the best way to realise explicitly the miracles surrounding us!
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|But I knew that, both in fairyland and the real world, too, wishes were a slipperier things.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Look, if you wanted to be babied you should have asked Peeta.
Donald Miller, Father Fiction: Chapters for a Fatherless Generation|It seems to me that if God felt it best to delay marriage into the latter part of your twenties, He would also see fit to delay the hormonal urge to want to have sex. Or perhaps it was never His intent to delay marriage in an effort to "become more independent," "enjoy singlehood," and "build our careers.
Branscom Judah, The Diary of Amy Julliard|No one deserves to rent your heart, especially those who hurt you. Your heart is precious and deserves to store your great memories!
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|I always thought talent was everything, but maybe it was always money. Or even class. Or if not class exactly, connections.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|I advance in life, I grow more simple, and I become more and more patriotic for humanity.
Eileen Anglin|When you engage in people pleasing you are out of integrity with yourself, your goals, your dreams and your life’s mission.
S.M. Stevens, Bit Players, Has-Been Actors and Other Posers|The first few weeks of school were always surreal, like you landed on an alien planet with strange teachers and unfamiliar classrooms, even though the lockers and cafeteria seemed familiar.
Tom Robbins, Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates|All depression has its roots in self-pity, and all self-pity is rooted in people taking themselves too seriously.
Rob Liano|Many people see a brick wall as an obstacle, when it's really a how to for success. You build both, one brick at a time.
Mona Simpson, Casebook|The journey of motherhood centers on being the person God has chosen out of all humanity and space and time to care for these souls, these beings who will exist for all eternity.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|You ran to eat and to avoid being eaten; you ran to find a mate and impress her, and with her you ran off to start a new life together. You had to love running, or you wouldn’t live to love anything else…We were born to run; we were born because we run
Tracie Miles, Your Life Still Counts: How God Uses Your Past to Create a Beautiful Future|I've learned that sometimes during these lengthy times of waiting on God to show up, we can gain comfort by looking at the bigger picture because history proves that the bigger the suffering, the bigger the opportunity for God to really show off.
Sebastian Stan|I kinda see everyone as competition. I'm a very competitive person. But I think that's good. Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.
Deshwal Sachin|Love is rare, Rhys. You found it without even trying. I had that kind of love. It's a gift, a type of magic all its own.
Nevil Shute, On the Beach|It is not brains or intelligence that is needed to cope with the problems with Plato and Aristotle and all of their successors to the present have failed to confront. What is needed is a readiness to undervalue the world altogether. This is only possible for a Christian... All technologies and all cultures, ancient and modern, are part of our immediate expanse. There is hope in this diversity since it creates vast new possibilities of detachment and amusement at human gullibility and self-deception. There is no harm in reminding ourselves from time to time that the "Prince of this World" is a great P.R. man, a great salesman of new hardware and software, a great electric engineer, and a great master of the media. It is his master stroke to be not only environmental but invisible for the environmental is invincibly persuasive when ignored.
Randy Hain, Journey to Heaven: A Road Map for Catholic Men|If we want to raise children who will remain faithful to Christ and His Church, they need to see fathers on their knees in prayer.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I've always resented Hermione, because I wanted to be her so badly and she never seemed to appreciate as much as I thought she should that she got be her. She got to live at Hogwarts and be friends with Harry and kiss Ron, which was supposed to happen to me.
Jerry A. Coyne|God through Prophet Hosea is explaining to us reasons for destructions, calamities, failures and devastations among the people of God. That reason is not seen in demonic activities nor is it seen in prevailing economic situations of the land
Osyp Nazaruk, Roxelana|There is no room for pride in any man. There is no room for unkindness. There is no room for wit at the expense of others. All men are born the same, and equal. As you saw to-day, so come the Captains and the Kings and the Tinkers and the Tailors.
Abhijit Naskar|First law of pleasurable love-making in the long run, is that you don't keep naked pictures of your partner on your phone.
Thomas Tusser|Home is the most popular, and will be the most enduring of all earthly establishments.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|I thought of Sammy Glick rocking in his cradle of hate, malnutrition, prejudice, suspicions, amorality, the anarchy of the poor; I thought of him as a mangy puppy in a dog-eat-dog world. I was modulating my hate for Sammy Glick from the personal to the societal. I no longer even hated Rivington Street but the idea of Rivington Street, all Rivington Streets of all nationalities allowed to pile up in cities like gigantic dung heaps smelling up the world, ambitions growing out of filth and crawling away like worms. I saw Sammy Glick on a battlefield where every soldier was his own cause, his own army and his own flag, and I realized that I had singled him out not because he had been born into the world anymore selfish, ruthless and cruel than anybody else, even though he had become all three, but because in the midst of a war that was selfish, ruthless and cruel Sammy was proving himself the fittest and the fiercest and the fastest.
Joe Abercrombie, Half a King|ALL human beings are equal no matter their race,social, political and economic status. No one can eat, excrete, sleep, bear your pains and die your death for you no matter your might.
W.H. Davies|This man has talent, that man geniusAnd here's the strange and cruel difference:Talent gives pence and his reward is gold,Genius gives gold and gets no more than pence.
Kevin Nealon|The most conventional romantic trope of all is that you put lovers under extreme pressure, where they have to make decisions that illuminate aspects of that bond.
Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes|The remedy for most marital stress is not in divorce. It is in repentance and forgiveness, in sincere expressions of charity and service. It is not in separation. It is in simple integrity that leads a man and a woman to square up their shoulders and meet their obligations. It is found in the Golden Rule, a time-honored principle that should first and foremost find expression in marriage.
Joel Salatin|God makes it really clear that society and civilization is really held together by the glue of families... When a man and a woman come together and say 'I do,' they are committing for a lifetime to love each other and to model what love is and what forgiveness is and what joy is to their kids.
Vladimir Sergeyevich Solovyov, The Meaning of Love|Me, feeling. What a concept.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: in love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are.
Duane G. Carey|The unsuccessful person is burdened by learning, and prefers to walk down familiar paths. Their distaste for learning stunts their growth and limits their influence.
|As long as you keep your mind fully focused on the brighter side of your life, those who wish for your downfall, would only be wasting their time and energy in vain.
Travis Thrasher|When I am perfect, I will be allowed to leave.
Carol Vorvain, Why Not? The island where happiness starts with a question|I wish I had a brush that could paint the whole sky and turn every morning into night. I wish I could always sleep next to you in the never ending night and hold your hand, watching the reflection of all the stars in your eyes, while you smile and watch them in the sky with wonder.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Rhysand stared at me for long enough that I faced him."Be glad of your human heart, Feyre. Pity those who don't feel anything at all.
Brooklyn Ann, Bite at First Sight|Rafael possessed unfathomable strength. His speed defied the laws of nature...and his bite, good God, his bite. How could something so macabre feel so pleasurable?
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|O brave new world,That has such people in ’t!-Miranda
Orson Scott Card, Maps in a Mirror: The Short Fiction of Orson Scott Card|And then the queen wept with all her heart. Not for the cruel and greedy man who had warred and killed and savaged everywhere he could. But for the boy who had somehow turned into that man, the boy whose gentle hand had comforted her childhood hurts, the boy whose frightened voice had cried out to her at the end of his life, as if he wondered why he had gotten lost inside himself, as if he realized that it was too, too late to get out again.
Debasish Mridha|If there is no kindness with your rightness, then that is madness.
Jackson Browne|I have three siblings. My sister makes music. My older brother is a classical conductor, and my younger brother is a mixing engineer.
Frederick D. Wilhelmsen, Man's Knowledge of Reality: An Introduction to Thomistic Epistemology|Words do not come back to me easily,so I pull out my heart and wrap itin a thin sheet of paper, let the bloodseep across in stanzas of honestyand hand it to anyone who will take itso that the still-beating heart can tell themall my secrets, all my weaknesses,because if they are not hiddenthey cannot be taken and used against me.
Alice Walker|I live a very secluded life, a very contemplative life and a very meditative one. That is my ideal life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Perfectionists are patient,the diligent are persevering,and the relentless are successful.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|And as we watched, the Tsar of Death lifted up his eyelids like skirts and began to dance in the streets of Leningrad.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A narrow hallway is all that separates rational from irrational, creativity from insanity, and intelligence from stupidity.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|She took a life because someonehumiliated her, hurt her image of herself as the Valkyrie, thestainless warrior. Exposed her weakness, which was only love. So sheavenged herself. So easy to justify, I wrote to her. It's because youfelt like a victim you did it. If you were really strong, you couldhave tolerated the humiliation.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It was granted me to carry away from my prison years on my bent back, which nearly broke beneath its load, this essential experience; how a human being becomes evil and how good. In the intoxication of youthful successes I had felt myself to be infallible, and I was therefore cruel. In the surfeit of power I was a murderer, and an oppressor. In my most evil moments I was convinced that I was doing good, and I was well supplied with systematic arguments. And it was only when I lay there on rotting prison straw that I sensed within myself the first stirrings of good. Gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties either—but right through every human heart—and through all human hearts. This line shifts. Inside us, it oscillates with the years. And even within hearts overwhelmed by evil, one small bridgehead of good is retained. And even in the best of all hearts, there remains… an unuprooted small corner of evil.
Luke  Taylor, The Quiet Kill|All my friends are bums. We all gather round our camp-fire (in a can) and sing songs of togetherness as we cuddle, to preserve our warmth...
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Love was a desire to cling to something difficult to get hold of in day-to-day life. It needed more attention and dedication, not always pleasurable, she concluded. Sensuality was by far easy, like food.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|I do not serve your personal issues, Morevna. I serve the People, and the People will have crimes against their body answered. You fought at Leningrad. So did I. Why should he be spared?''Somebody ought to be.
Tarun J. Tejpal|I would be unfair to myself if I said I did not try. I did, even if desultorily. But desire is a curious thing. If it does not exist it does not exist and there is nothing you can do to conjure it up. Worse still, as I discovered, when desire begins to sink, like a capsizing ship it takes down a lot with it. In our case it took down the conversation, the laughter, the sharing, the concern, the dreams and nearly - the most important thing, the most important thing - and nearly the affection too. Soon my sinking desire had taken everything else down with it to the floor of the sea, and only affection remained like the bobbing hand of a drowning man, poised perilously between life and death. More than once she tried to seize the moment and open up the issue. She did it with a hard face and a soft face; she did it when I was idling on the terrace and when I was in the thick of my works; first thing in the morning and last thing at night. We need to talk.Yes.Do you want to talk?Sure.What's happening?I don't know.Is there someone else?No.Is it something I did?Oh no.Then what the hell's happening?I don't know.Is there anything you want to talk to me about?I don't know.What do you mean you don't know?I don't know.What do you mean you don't know?I don't know. That's what I mean - I don't know.Toc toc toc. All the while I tried to save that bobbing hand - of affection - from vanishing. I felt somehow that if it drowned there would not be a single pointer on the wide stormy surface to show me where our great love had once stood. That bobbing hand of affection was a marker, a buoy, holding out the hope that one day we could salvage the sunken ship. If it drowned, our coordinates would be completely lost and we would not know where to even begin looking. Even in my weird state, it was an image of such desolation that it made my heart lurch wildly. *** For a long time, with her immense pride in herself - in us - she did not turn to anyone for help. Not friends, not family. For simply too long she imagined this was a passing phase, but then, as the weeks rolled by, through slow accretion the awful truth began to settle on her. By then she had run through all the plays of a relationship: withdrawal, sulking, anger, seduction, inquisition, affection, threat. Logic, love, lust.Now the epitaph was beginning to creep up on her. Acceptance. 
Pablo Neruda, The Essential Neruda: Selected Poems|Journeying over many seas & through many countries I came dear brother to this pitiful leave-taking The last gestures by your gravesideThe futility of words over your quiet ashes.Life cleft us from each other Pointlessly depriving brother of brotherAccept then, our parents' customThese offerings, this leave-takingEchoing forever, brother, through a brother's tears
Debasish Mridha|When you are enthusiastic and optimistic with faith, nothing will be impossible for you to achieve.
Ernest Holmes|Man, by thinking, can bring into his experience whatsoever he desires--if he thinks correctly, and becomes a living embodiment of his thoughts. This is not done by holding thoughts but by knowing the Truth.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|Suspicion," he said. "Directed by Alfred Hitchcock. He's a genius." "Starring Cary Grant." When Lucas gave me a look, I added, "You have your priorities, I have mine.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|A woman's situation, i.e those meanings derived from the total context in which she comes to maturity, disposes her to apprehend her body not as instrument of her transcendence, but "an object destined for another.
