Rius, Marx for Beginners|Most people, including Ma, preferred to brush unpleasantness away, as if, by sweeping it outside with the dust, it could be forgotten. As if, by acknowledging the existence of something unsavory in their community, they might be tainted by it themselves.
Debasish Mridha|In summer, a soothing warm breeze on a beach is the most soothing music for the soul.
Sami Abouzid|I don’t know what else to do You’re always on my mind You’re the curse of my life I can’t describe,,,,,,,,,,,,,,You hurt my heart For so long You made a fool Out of me …….Now you’re wishing to be My destiny………………..Go away I had enough of you……Just go away You’re selfish You know it too…I had enough of you eternally…………………..
Patricia Highsmith|This was the power of the story weaver, Nell realized. An ability to conjure color so that all else seemed to fade.
Stephen Crane, The Red Badge of Courage|A man with a full stomach and the respect of his fellows had no business to scold about anything that he might think to be wrong in the ways of the universe, or even with the ways of society. Let the unfortunates rail; the others may play marbles.
Musiq Soulchild|The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|I see... the way you're always searching. How much you hate anything fake or phony. How you're older than your years, but still... playful, like a little girl. How you're always looking into people, or wondering what they see when they look back at you. Your eyes. It's all in the eyes.
Madonna Ciccone|One thing we know for sure is that the Web is a collaborative medium unlike any we've ever had before. We see people working together, playing together, interacting in social settings using these media. We hope that will emerge as the new tool for education.
J.M. Coetzee, Life and Times of Michael K|You have never asked for anything, yet you have become an albatross around my neck. Your bony arms are knotted behind my head, I walk bowed under the weight of you.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|Someone's going to be very pleased to see you.""I don't think the Elector will be as excited as you think.""I wasn't talking about the Elector."My heart jumps at that.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|It is not death that allows us to understand each other, but poetry.
Samantha Morton|I read and walked for miles at night along the beach, writing bad blank verse and searching endlessly for someone wonderful who would step out of the darkness and change my life. It never crossed my mind that that person could be me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is a panic, without a prayer.
Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?|We are young, but We already know that in life's great game those who are most unhappy are those who haven't taken the risk to be happy. And I don't want to be one of those
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|I expect God to use me, not because of who I am but because of who Jesus is. Not because of what I've done, but because of what Jesus has done.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|When it comes to exacting revenge, it gets harder and harder to top yourself each successive time
Bryonie Wise|Just because the ones we love die (or fall out of our lives or disappear from the spinning of our spheres) does not mean we love them any less or erase them from the deeply etched lines of the maps we have traveled.We find ways to keep them alive in spirit, with the brutal knowing that they are gone in body.We can remember; we can feel & this can all be grief & it can all be love, too.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor|Yes, books are dangerous. They should be dangerous - they contain ideas.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|10 Conversation Bridge Builders1.	Simply say hello with a smile.2.	Ask them what they love about their work.3.	Ask natural questions out of genuine curiosity. 4.	Get a person talking about what’s important to them.5.	Compliment something positive which you’ve noticed.6.	Engage them with questions which are easy to answer. 7.	Introduce them to someone whom you think they’ll enjoy meeting.8.	Ask them if they have any trips or vacations planned.9.	Look for something you may have in common so that the conversation begins with shared interests.10.	Think of questions that begin with how, what, when, why and where.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you put all of your eggs in love’s basket, joy will hatch.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Marriage is not a Current Account but a Savings Account, you got to be Patient enough
Atkinson Talvat|Life experiences are but moments, you can let them pass or you can make them last.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|If someone tells me that I've hurt their feelings, I say, 'I'm still waiting to hear what your point is.
Danielle Jordan|No one is ever going to give you something that they're too afraid to even claim for themselves. People don't know themselves, so they don't like to see other people figure it out and live their lives in ways that they themselves cannot. So they try to box you in, and limit you, so they don't feel inadequate. But you don't need their approval- the only person who ever, ever limits you is yourself.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The fearful seek to serve themselves by mastering the world, while the fearless seek to serve the world by mastering themselves.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Come right out and say you want it: “It’s been great hearing you talk about the position. I’d love to work here, and I think I could do a terrific job for you.
James Kubicki, A Heart on Fire: Rediscovering Devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus|Jesus is the answer to the longing of every human heart. The love of his heart is the only love capable of filling our human longing—because it is human, yet infinite, and because it is also divine. Not only does each individual need and desire this love, but the world, taken as a whole, needs it.
Os Guinness|What has happened to create this doubt is that a problem (such as a deep conflict or a bad experience) has been allowed to usurp God's place and become the controlling principle of life. Instead of viewing the problem from the vantage point of faith, the doubter views faith from the vantage point of the problem. Instead of faith sizing up the problem, the situation ends with the problem scaling down faith. The world of faith is upside down, and in the topsy-turvy reality of doubt, a problem has become god and God has become a problem.
Riitta Klint|We often want quick answers, quick results, instant rewards, and that’s normal in our high tech, instant, Google driven world.To take that first step towards reaching a goal or realizing a dream, knowing that there will perhaps be a thousand more steps to follow in order to make it happen, can be daunting.It’s simple and yet complicated. The simple part of achieving success is that it just takes work. For me, staying focused on my goals and envisioning my dreams every day, makes the work flow almost on its own.The hard part is the mindset, and to not self sabotage, because you don’t believe in yourself. We often think we can’t achieve our wildest dreams or that we are somehow incapable, and then we never, ever take that first step.I never felt that I was a very confident person, but with the support of some wonderful people and my own inner fire, I kept going. The hardest part after working and working, was to actually accept that I deserved success.Success in itself is kind of scary too, as it comes with having to be responsible, and not flake out. The people who have supported you and invested in you deserve that.I guess what I am trying to say is that if you want something, you have to take action. A little step towards it every day. Then there is a reason to feel accomplished every day. Match your energy and vibration with what you envision. Believe. You deserve success, so go for it.
Bill Shakespeare|We've been told that with regard to seduction, "candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker," but in truth, rather, properly selected: "candy makes randy; liquor makes desire flicker"; or, as Shakespeare's porter said to Macduff: "[drink] provokes the desire but it takes away the performance." The wines and beers of antiquity, however, which were potent infusions of innumerable psychoactive plants, often requiring dilution with water and in which alcohol served rather as preservative then inebriating active principle.
George Orwell|Even if you succeed in study and business, if your nation collapses, then what good is it for?
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Words are never frail. They have all the powers to change the personality and features of a man. The way he relates and depicts the things are based on the words he discovers. At one point where words portray happiness for someone, it also counts for the tears to some. The day we comprehend the strength of words, we would choose them more closely and patiently. Where we would prefer silence more over words. If words are our strength, they are our weakness too.
Gizmo, The Puzzled Puppy, What Donald Trump Supporters Need to Know: But Are Too Infatuated to Figure Out|I only object when any one particular group...gets a stranglehold on American criticism and squeezes out anybody who doesn't conform to its own standards....The ax falls, ecumenically, on the head of anybody...who doesn't share this group's parochial preoccupations.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|But what is unjust? That depends on a person's thoughts, values, and beliefs. People differ sharply on what is just or unjust in this world. Thus, some people become angry much quicker than others.
Quentin R. Bufogle|Just a thought for all you God-fearin', gun-lovin', Bible-thumpin' 2nd Amendment patriots. If it turns out Heaven's a gun-free zone, what's plan B???
Nikki Rowe|The world could be a little less cruel, if we nurture each other while we grow; learn understanding while we transform and maintain a humble attitude whilst we succeed.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|If we don’t see real changes in the world, it simply means we are not serious enough about creating those changes. We cannot a!ord to entertain superficial changes any more. The changes we need should be deep, real, and thorough.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Everything you wish to "create" is already there, waiting for you.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|My compulsive thoughts aren't even thoughts, they're absolute certainties and obeying them isn't a choice.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Posters go up in the market, on tree trunks in the Place Chateaubriand. Voluntary surrender of firearms. Anyone who does not cooperate will be shot.
Alysha Speer|Love doesn't give you very many choices. When you love someone, you just want to be with them. If they break your heart, you will still love them. Because hearts are easy to break, and though love is tender and sometimes fragile, love isn't. Love sort of envelops you. It covers you like a giant shadow, then pulls you in like a blanket. You are so warm. The feeling surrounds you, and no matter how you feel, it is always there. You can't escape it. But you wouldn't want to. You are so, so safe. You can't remember the last time you were this happy. Were you ever? This happy? Every second you are apart feels like hours. Sometimes, right before you fall asleep, you miss them so much it hurts. You ache for them. Their warmth. Their touch. Their smell. You need them. When you can't sleep you wish and wish and wish that they would wake up and talk to you. When you dream of them, you wake up smiling. When pain stabs into you, you reach out for them. You cry to them, begging them to hold you and make it all go away, make everything go away. Love addicts you to its feeling. You never, ever want to lose that feeling. Sometimes the fear of losing love drives people to do crazy things. Like buy a plane ticket. Make a phone call. Run out of a class. Cry. Write. Laugh.Because when you love someone, you really love them. You give them your whole heart. You trust them. You never want to be away from them. Sometimes, you don't even need their words. You just need them there.Love is such an amazing thing, and too many people take it for granted. If you're in love, don't let it go. Don't you dare let it go.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t let hatred control you, no matter what others do that causes [anger]. You would only become guilty of the same sin that afflicts them, and nothing would be solved.
M.T. Anderson, Whales on Stilts: M. T. Anderson's Thrilling Tales|There are times when friendship feels like running down a hill together as fast as you can, jumping over things, spinning around, and you don't care where you're going, and you don't care where you've come from, because all that matters is speed, and the hands holding your hands.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|And then I remember this morning and I wonder if it really happened or if I dreamed it. It was nice. And weird. And tender. I'm not used to tender. It's a fossil, that word. Conditions changed and it died out. Like the woolly mammoth. It just couldn't live in the same world as dick box. Ho dog. Or wiener cousins.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Inside Duquet something like a tightly closed pine cone licked by fire opened abruptly and he exploded with incensed and uncontrollable fury, a life’s pent-up rage. ‘No one helped me,’ he shrieked, ‘I did everything myself. I endured. I contended with powerful men. I suffered in the wilderness. I accepted the risk I might die. No one helped me!’ The boy’s gaze shifted, the fever-boiled eyes following Duquet’s rising arm closing only when the tomahawk split his brain.
Donald Trump|The world is full of people who have dreams of playing at Carnegie Hall, of running a marathon, and of owning their own business. The difference between the people who make it across the finish line and everyone else is one simple thing: an action plan.
Michael Dirda|For me, becoming a man had a lot to do with learning communication, and I learned about that by acting.
Jimmy Carr|If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If greatness was easy to attain, everyone’s name would be in history books.
Dada Bhagwan|This is Akram Vignan [Akram Science - the stepless spiritual science of direct realization of the Self]. Once you pull out from the racecourse [competitive worldly life], your 'personality' will shine then. Those in the racecourse will never have personality; not a single person.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Too many scholars think of research as purely a cerebral pursuit. If we do nothing with the knowledge we gain, then we have wasted our study. Books can store information better than we can--what we we do that books cannot is interpret. So if one is not going to draw conclusions, then one might as well just leave the information in the texts.
Cameron West|Anxiety, in short, is a conscious feeling. It can arise in a bottom-up way, driven by activity in defensive circuits or from higher processes that conceptualize worry, either about an uncertain future or about existence itself.
Kevin Bacon|My father had a real short fuse. He had a tough life - had to support his mother and brother at a very young age when his dad's farm collapsed. You could see his suffering, his terrible suffering, living a life that was disappointing and looking for another one. My father was full of terrifying anger.
Kate Christensen|I've cooked plenty of meals when I was sad, lonely, depressed, angry, bored, and/or under the weather. My primary aim in these circumstances is generally to cheer myself up, to fill my stomach with something warm so I can feel comforted and fed, usually just with a quick soup or an omelet.
Jimmy Fallon, Thank You Notes|Autumn flings her fiery cloak over the sumac, beech and oak.
Andrew Lloyd Webber|Authentic apology is a tricky thing to pull off in politics, which is why it so seldom occurs. Plausible deniability must be preserved. True contrition has to be displayed. Traitors to the cause must be immediately be jettisoned. Most of all, the goal is to stop the bleeding.
Terri Fields, After the Death of Anna Gonzales|So, Anna, did you knowThat when you kill yourselfThose you say you love,They die too?
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|Jill's face was hard when PE ended, and I had the feeling she was trying not to cry. I tried talking to her in the locker room, but she simply shook her head and headed off for the showers. I was about to go there myself when I heard a shriek. Those of us who were still by the lockers raced to the shower room to see what was happening.Laurel jerked the curtain back from her stall and came running out, oblivious to the fact that she was naked. I gaped. Her skin was covered in a fine sheen of ice. Water droplets from the shower had frozen solid on her skin and in her hair, though in the steamy heat of the rest of the room, they were already starting to melt. I glanced over to the shower itself and noticed that the water coming out of the faucet was also frozen solid.
John Piper, The Passion of Jesus Christ|That's who Jesus Christ is. He became the final Priest and the final Sacrifice. Sinless, he did not offer sacrifices for himself. Immortal, he never has to be replaced. Human, he could bear human sins. Therefore he did not offer sacrifices for himself; he offered himself as the final sacrifice. There will never be the need for another. There is one mediator between us and God. One priest. We need no other. Oh, how happy are those who draw near to God through Christ alone.
Clara Barton|The good life consists in deriving happiness by using your signature strengths every day in the main realms of living. The meaningful life adds one more component: using these same strengths to forward knowledge, power or goodness.
D. N. Rodowick|Toni, you bring me luck. I'm gonna wear you like a charm.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|If I drag it up from the bottom of the river, if I dig deep into that muddy floor and pull it up, even if I get most of it wrong, is it mine to tell?
Steven Wright|In many respects, the United States is a great country. Freedom of speech is protected more than in any other country. It is also a very free society. In America, the professor talks to the mechanic. They are in the same category.
Israelmore Ayivor|The only way to make a spoilt machine work again is to break it down, work on its inner system and fix it again. Screw out the bolts of your life, examine and work on yourself, fix your life again and get going.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|Patience is all we have in a land where time is obsolete. I press on, armored stranger. I am not deceiving you. The willows have always grown silent in my wake. I see and feel your ailing mind and it worries me. The night that follows you grows stronger. You still have time to change.
Bertsche|I'm sarcastic and facetious. It's hard to find those people on the first encounter. I can be nice, but I don't want nice friends. I want funny, gregarious, sarcastic, and smart friends. It's so nice to hear you're not alone.
lauren klarfeld|Choices are made before explanations, whether or not we care to know it.
Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir|He hesitated for a moment. Then he said softly, "I love you, Mother." He took my hand and kissed it, and folded my fingers round the stem of the rose. He had stripped it of its thorns.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Tomorrow will be better.”“But what if it’s not?” I asked.“Then you say it again tomorrow. Because it might be. You never know, right? At some point, tomorrow will be better.
William Wordsworth|I tried each thing, only some were immortal and free.
Albert Einstein|Student: Dr. Einstein, Aren't these the same questions as last year's [physics] final exam?Dr. Einstein: Yes; But this year the answers are different.
Gina Prince-Bythewood|I'd like to be the romantic lead one day, but I've got to grow my hair first.
Joss Whedon|All I ask is this: Do something. Try something. Speaking out, showing up, writing a letter, a check, a strongly worded e-mail. Pick a cause – there are few unworthy ones. And nudge yourself past the brink of tacit support to action. Once a month, once a year, or just once...Even just learning enough about a subject so you can speak against an opponent eloquently makes you an unusual personage. Start with that. Any one of you would have cried out, would have intervened, had you been in that crowd in Bashiqa. Well thanks to digital technology, you’re all in it now.
Liza Minnelli|I am not a proponent of the death penalty, but I will enforce the law as this Congress gives it to us.
Thomas Ades, Thomas Adès: Full of Noises: Conversations with Tom Service|They became actual revolutions instead of mere discussions, complaints and rioting, only after revolutionists had beaten, or won over, the armed forces of the government
Winston S. Churchill|If I had been an Italian I am sure that I should have been whole-heartedly with you from the start to finish in your triumphant struggle against the bestial appetites and passions of Leninism."(Speech in Rome on 20 January, 1927, praising Mussolini)
Julia Crane, Anna|Carlos, are we in complete understanding with each other?”“Yeah,” I say. “As long as it’s not in your house and you don’t know about it, you’re okay with us messin’ around.”“I know you’re joking with me. You are joking with me, aren’t you?”“Maybe.
Paulette Jiles, Enemy Women|She wanted to be her, or be with her, or destroy her.
Alexandre Dumas|True love always makes a man better, no matter what woman inspires it.
Christian Smith, What Is a Person?: Rethinking Humanity, Social Life, and the Moral Good from the Person Up|Human social life, I suggest, is the magma that erupts and builds up, so to speak, at the fault lines where natural human capacities meet and grind against and over natural human limitations…. This meeting of powers and limitations produces a creative, dynamic tension and energy that generates and fuels the making of human social life and social structures…. It is real human persons living through the tensions of natural existential contradictions who construct patterned social meanings, interactions, institutions, and structures.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Whether your cup is half-full or half-empty, remind yourself there are others without one.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|By Hecate, the goddess I worship more than all the others, the one I choose to help me in this work, who lives with me deep inside my home, these people won't bring pain into my heart and laugh about it.
Peter Ombedha|If he had known unstructured space is a delugeand stocked his log house-boat with all the animals even the wolves, he might have floated. But obstinate hestated, The land is solid and stamped, watching his foot sink down through the stone up to his knee. From "Progressive insanities of a pioneer
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|Space, like time, engenders forgetfulness; but it does so by setting us bodily free from our surroundings and giving us back our primitive, unattached state ... Time, we say, is Lethe; but change of air is a similar draught, and, if it works less thoroughly, does so more quickly.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When the girl didn’t move, Gavin summoned her near with his fingers. His heart thrummed as she obeyed, stepping up close to him. Her young stature was much shorter than his tall, wiry form. Gavin regarded her prettiness - pale cheeks, pink lips, inquisitive eyes. Fascinated by her, he longed to know her name.	“Who are you?” he asked. He heard the girl utter the same question at the same time.	Cocking his head, he claimed, “I asked you first.”	“No you didn’t,” she protested, shaking her red-hooded head, “I asked you at the same time you asked me.”	Gavin grinned at her insistence. It was hard for him not to chuckle. “Well, then, I suppose we’ll have to go with ‘girls first’.” His grin widened into a white smile.	The girl gestured to herself. “I’m Little Red Riding Hood.”	He recognized the name of a fairytale character, and groaned under his breath at not having discovered this dreamer’s real name.	“Actually,” she confessed almost immediately, “I’m not really Red Riding Hood. My name is Annabelle, but I’m pretending to be her because……well……because this is my dream and that’s what I wish to dream abo
Susan Sontag, Illness as Metaphor & AIDS and Its Metaphors|You know what they say about air and water when it comes to fire, don’t you?” she
Tom Holt, In Your Dreams|... sentiments which Feliks had already come to recognise as being characteristic of The Times, which would have described the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse as strong rulers who could do nothing but good for the stability of the international situation.
Jane Goodall|To me it's no accident that all the symphony orchestras around the world tune up to the note A. And A is 440 cycles, except in Germany where it's 444. But the universe is 450 cycles. So what I'm trying to say is, I think it's God's voice, melody especially. Counterpoint, retrograde inversion, harmony... that's the science and the craft.
Michelle Moran, Madame Tussaud|It was only later, in her new, darker rooms above the banking house, that she realized it didn’t matter how loud she screamed or how violently she wept. Her parents would never come to her because, being dead, they didn’t care anymore.
J. Christopher Herold, The Age of Napoleon|You see, Monsieur, it's worth everything, isn't it, to keep one's intellectual liberty, not to enslave one'spowers of appreciation, one's critical independence? It was because of that that I abandoned journalism, andtook to so much duller work: tutoring and private secretaryship. There is a good deal of drudgery, of course;but one preserves one's moral freedom, what we call in French one's quant a soi. And when one hears goodtalk one can join in it without compromising any opinions but one's own; or one can listen, and answer itinwardly. Ah, good conversation--there's nothing like it, is there? The air of ideas is the only air worthbreathing. And so I have never regretted giving up either diplomacy or journalism--two different forms of thesame self-abdication." He fixed his vivid eyes on Archer as he lit another cigarette. "Voyez-vous, Monsieur,to be able to look life in the face: that's worth living in a garret for, isn't it? But, after all, one must earnenough to pay for the garret; and I confess that to grow old as a private tutor--or a `private' anything--is almostas chilling to the imagination as a second secretaryship at Bucharest. Sometimes I feel I must make a plunge:an immense plunge. Do you suppose, for instance, there would be any opening for me in America-- in NewYork?
Danilo Vukovljak|My father told me "Son, there are only two kinds people that can do whatever they want in life. Kings and fools.". So I decided to be a King.
Charles T. Munger|To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch ofundeserving people.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Construct your life plans before satan attempts to destruct you with his death plots. I know this for sure; he is not in to heal! He just came to kill, to steal and destroy! Satan is not wise, it is only crafty!
Nicole Anderson|I have this pet thing about how global communications are moving so fast now, throwing information at you, making everything available to you, and yet I feel it's leaving us more and more isolated.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Myths tell us what those like us have done, can do, should do. Without myths to lead the way, we hesitate to leap forward. Listen to the wrong myths, and we might even go back a few steps.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life, time and nature are the three greatest gifts to mankind.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I Love Loving YouYou are my favorite song; a rhythm of beauty that captures my spirit.You are my favorite poem; an exquisite grouping of ideas set in motion with an unmatched enchanting elegance. You are my best friend; from our laughter to our deep conversations, our moments together are a timeless pleasure.You are my soul mate; a connection so pure, so powerful, that it can only be considered divine. You are my lover; a passionate entwinement, a chorus of ecstasy, and a feeling of complete unity that words could never adequately describe.You are my angel; you remind me of the goodness in this world and inspire me to be the greatest version of myself.You are my home; it is in your loving gaze that I find the comfort, acceptance, and the sense of belonging. You are my love ~ mi amor; there are not enough days in forever to allow me to fully express my love for you.I love loving you.
Fiona Apple|I don't want to give advice to a 19-year-old, because I want a 19-year-old to make mistakes and learn from them. Make mistakes, make mistakes, make mistakes. Just make sure they're your mistakes.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|In low intelligent ignorant societies, the clever are denigrated and the stupid are belauded; the brainy are stoned and the dull are held in high esteem!
Andrew Kaufman, All My Friends are Superheroes|I’d gone with my usual option. I was running through long tunnels filled with demons and monsters and nightmares, because it was easier than going to the gym.
Shannon L. Alder|It is so simple, yet so hard for some people to do. If you want someone out of your life then you and only “you” must tell him or her to leave. This can only be done by you. Otherwise, your silence shouts, “I am undecided.” When other people get involved it sends mixed signals. If only more people would be so bold, hearts would not linger so long.
Patrick White, Voss|We started to collect more and more of these words and concepts, and began to realize what an arbitrarily selective work the Oxford English Dictionary is. It simply doesn’t recognize huge wodges of human experience. Like, for instance, standing in the kitchen wondering what you went in there for. Everybody does it, but because there isn’t—or wasn’t—a word for it, everyone thinks it’s something that only they do and that they are therefore more stupid than other people. It is reassuring to realize that everybody is as stupid as you are and that all we are doing when we are standing in the kitchen wondering what we came in here for is “woking.
Thomas Browne|Your edict, King, was strong,But all your strength is weakness itself againstThe immortal unrecorded laws of God.They are not merely now: they were, and shall be,Operative for ever, beyond man utterly.I knew I must die, even without your decree:I am only mortal. And if I must dieNow, before it is my time to die,Surely this is no hardship: can anyoneLiving, as I live, with evil all about me,Think Death less than a friend?
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|As we Christians strive to be more influenced by God’s kingdom than by this world, we’re reminded we will sometimes slip, but ‘if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness’ (1 John 1:9).
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is the highest form of intelligence, transcending all individual abilities and skills
Seth Grahame-Smith, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies|He begged to know to which of his fair cousins the excellency of its cookery was owing. Briefly forgetting her manners, Mary grabbed her fork and leapt from her chair onto the table. Lydia, who was seated nearest her, grabbed her ankle before she could dive at Mr. Collins and, presumably, stab him about the head and neck for such an insult.
Avinash Rao|Common will please, but never impress.
Theodore Roosevelt|Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|There were people everywhere but no one was mine, and I was no one's.
Lisa Desrochers, A Little Too Far|I feel myself implode, and all I can think about is how much I miss him. I miss curling into his arms and telling him about my day. I miss knowing he’ll always be mine—that no one will ever know me like he does. I miss his lips and his hands. I miss his heart and his soul. I miss every part of him.I feel so empty.Can a person die of emptiness?
Gordon R. Dickson, Necromancer|Now our world is at the present time firmly in the grip of a mechanical monster, whose head - if you want to call it that - is the World Engineer's Complex. That monster is opposed to us and can keep all too good a tab on us through every purchase we make with our credit numbers, every time we use the public transportation or eat a meal or rent a place to live.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Never say "I don't care"! We are all looking up to you. Dare to break the fence that confines you! Make it happen!
L.G. Durand|Jobs described Mike Markkula's maxim that a good company must "impute"- it must convey its values and importance in everything it does, from packaging to marketing. Johnson loved it. It definitely applied to a company's stores. " The store will become the most powerful physical expression of the brand," he predicted. He said that when he was young he had gone to the wood-paneled, art-filled mansion-like store that Ralph Lauren had created at Seventy-second and Madison in Manhattan. " Whenever I buy a polo shirt, I think of that mansion, which was a physical expression of Ralph's ideals," Johnson said. " Mickey Drexler did that with the Gap. You couldn't think of a Gap product without thinking of the Great Gap store with the clean space and wood floors and white walls and folded merchandise.
Steve-O|Environmental concern is a little like dieting or paying off credit-card debt - an episodically terrific idea that burns brightly and then seems to fade when we realize there's a reason we need to diet or pay down our debt. The reason is that it's really, really hard, and too many of us in too many spheres of life choose the easy over the hard.
Kaiden Blake|Your intuition is the pilot's seat of your soul. If you don't trust it, you'll keep missing the most important of destinations in life.
Macrina Wiederkehr|That's the worst thing they do to you, to any of you. Whatever those brain lesions are all about, the worst damage is done before they even pick up the knife: You're all brainwashed into believing you're ugly.
Clementine von Radics|I thought leaving you would be easy, just walking out the door but I keep getting pinned against it with my legs around your waist and it’s like my lips want you like my lungs want air, it’s just what they where born to do so I am sitting at work thinking of you cutting vegetables in my kitchen your hair in my shower drain your fingers on my spine in the morningwhile we listen to Muddy Waters, I knowyou will never be the one I call home but the way you talk about poems like marxists talk of revolution it makes me want to keep trying. I’m still looking for reasons to love you.I’m still looking for proof you love me.
Greg Deane|I'm just an innocent racist who likes to flirt with young adult women And I meet emotionally retarded misfits who are kinky about infants' feet, scheming psychopaths, suicidal emos, brain dead skinheads and mestizos posing as white supremacists.
Lisa Jewell, One-Hit Wonder|More and more, he heard his spine playing stick games through his skin, singing old dusty words, the words of all his years.
Carrie Firestone, The Loose Ends List|Take the pain and grow beauty...You know I've always loved volcanoes. I love how they spew searing, deadly lava that goes on to nurture the most beautiful landscapes on earth. It's from searing pain that the deepest beauty can sprout
Fred Korematsu|Roman history was kind of unavoidable where I was growing up. It was everywhere - all the place names and ruins and forts. My dad's a history buff, and I spent a lot of time on Hadrian's Wall. I became fascinated by the idea of what was so terrifying up there that the Romans built a 60-mile long, 30ft high stone wall to keep it out?
Mary Tornyenyor|My dear sister, if Judas (from Jesus church) had come to you and proposed marriage to you, would you have refused him? You make a big big biiiiiig mistake not to ask God in prayer before choosing a wife /Husband AND RECEIVING A DEFINITE ANSWER FROM HIM.Are you still thinking "Unbeliever" means people who are not in the message church?Church was indeed a kaboooooooooom!
Gene Wilder|We were brought up Protestant, and I went to church three times a day on a Sunday. My parents weren't Bible-bashers, but we all have a strong belief in God and a strong faith. We had a huge garden; our house was a bit like a scene from 'The Good Life.' I think Mam and Dad had it really hard, bringing up a big family on very little.
Elizabeth Eulberg, Better off Friends| And then I laugh, because it's so ridiculous and so gorgeous and it's all I an do to not melt into a fit of giggles. So what if I'm ninety-three? So what if I'm ancient and cranky and my body's a wreck? If they're willing to accept me and my guilty conscience, why the hell shouldn't I run away with the circus? It's like Charlie told the cop. For this old man, this IS home.
Ivan Reitman|Men are happy to be laughed at for their humor, but not for their folly.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|How a person treats wait staff speaks volumes about their character and values. If they misbehave in this scenario, you can likely predict how they will react when cut off in traffic, when their luggage is lost, or when life doesn’t go their way. It is also an indicator to CEOs and hiring managers as to whether a person is a viable candidate for being a considerate team player.
Anne-Rae Vasquez, Doubt|Everyone who doubts knows that he is doubting, so that he is certain of this truth at least, namely the fact that he doubts. Thus every one who doubts whether there is such a thing as truth, knows at least one truth, so that his very capacity to doubt should convince him that there is such a thing as truth.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|Once time is lit, it will burn whether or not you're breathing it in. Even after smoke becomes air, there is the memory of smoke. I am seeing as if by the light of a match, a glimpse of my life and having it feel right.
Bertolt Brecht, Selected Poems|The first time it was reported that our friends were being butchered there was a cry of horror. Then a hundred were butchered. But when a thousand were butchered and there was no end to the butchery, a blanket of silence spread. When evil-doing comes like falling rain, nobody calls out "stop!"When crimes begin to pile up they become invisible. When sufferings become unendurable the cries are no longer heard. The cries, too, fall like rain in summer.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity. But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
Sunday Adelaja|He knew that the dread in these men’s minds was not of the fact, but of his naming it—as if the fact had not existed, but his words held the power to make it exist.
Barbra Streisand|Being a caretaker is, and never will be, an easy job; in fact, it is that hardest job in the world and many times a thankless job. You have to be the pillar of strength even when you feel like you are crumbling to pieces inside.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.
Bernie Sanders|With a book, you're guaranteed the audience has a certain skill level and that the audience has to make an ongoing effort to consume this product and that the project is being consumed by just one person at a time. I really want to play to that strength because it's one of the few advantages books still have.
Unknown|Without respect, love is lost. Without caring, love is boring. Without honesty, love is unhappy. Without trust, love is unstable.
S.M. Boyce, Treason|The creatures of human myth flourish in Ourea. Trees are this world's skyscrapers. Magic its currency. And while the rest of Earth forgot what it means to dream big, Ourea kept alive its wonder.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|What the hell are you getting so upset about?" he asked her bewilderedly in a tone of contrite amusement. "I thought you didn't believe in God.""I don't," she sobbed, bursting violently into tears. "But the God I don't believe in is a good God, a just God, a merciful God. He's not the mean and stupid God you make Him out to be.
James Joyce, Ulysses|History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
Ice Cube|I had been feeling a little rum. I didn't think it was anything serious because years ago I felt a lump and it was benign. I assumed this would be too. It kind of takes the wind out of your sails, and I don't know what the future holds, if anything.
Dashiell Hammett, The Thin Man|Lies were lethal, however honourable the intentions of the liar. They deprived people of the opportunity to know the basic facts of their own lives. 
Ramez Naam|A lot of people don't get it, but I design from the inside out so that the finished product looks inevitable somehow. I think it's important to create spaces that people like to be in, that are humanistic.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|The little things of life, sweet and excellent in their place, must not be the things lived for; the highest must be sought and followed; the life of heaven must be begun here on earth.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|A memory, long buried, sprang up of her father warning her never to cross the stream and go into the forest."The Dragonwood," she mumbled.How could she have forgotten the Dragonwood?Her father had explained that it wasn't their land, and that dangerous animals lurked in the shadows.
A.S. Byatt|You are safe with me.""I am not at all safe, with you. But I have no desire to be elsewhere.
John O'Callaghan|Tomorrow, smile at a perfect stranger and mean it.
|One can definitely learn a lot of valuable things from successful people, if one isn't too busy envying them.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|The most precious gift to give to your spouse is not your life because if you die,he/she will no longer have use of you rather the most precious gift is your time, attention, affection, self and love!
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Our toil must be in silence, and our efforts all in secret; for this enlightened age, when men believe not even what they see, the doubting of wise men would be his greatest strength.
Guy de Maupassant, Alien Hearts|As I'm sure you know, there are two types of "What?" in the world. The first type simply means "Excuse me, I didn't hear you. Could you please repeat yourself?" The second type is a little trickier. It means something more along the lines of "Excuse me, I did hear you, but I can't believe that's really what you meant.
David Jones, In Parenthesis|The contention that a standing army and navy is the best security of peace is about as logical as the claim that the most peaceful citizen is he who goes about heavily armed. The experience of every-day life fully proves that the armed individual is invariably anxious to try his strength. The same is historically true of governments. Really peaceful countries do not waste life and energy in war preparations, with the result that peace is maintained.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Ignore death up to the last moment; then, when it can't be ignored any longer, have yourself squirted full of morphia and shuffle off in a coma. Thoroughly sensible, humane and scientific, eh?
Alan Rickman|To do what you want is not a privilege. It is a curse. It is the curse of ordinary men. Men with no responsibilities do whatever they want. Common men with no value and self worth do whatever they want. Men whose lives have no worthy purpose are free to do whatever they want. Not you. You are a prince for whom a heavy crown and a powerful throne await. You do not do whatever you want; you do what must be done."- King Chuka
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|It's a pretty amazing to wake up every morning, knowing that every decision I make is to cause as little harm as possible. It's a pretty fantastic way to live.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Some people are in church but not in christ because if you are in christ, the first sign of true christianity is peace.
Julie Metz, Perfection: A Memoir of Betrayal and Renewal|Finish, good lady; the bright day is done, And we are for the Dark. (Act 5, Scene 2)
Cora Coralina|Recreate your life, always, always. Remove the stones, plant rose bushes and make sweets. Begin again.
Lorde, Lorde - Pure Heroine Songbook|We've both got a million bad habits to kick, not sleeping is one. We're biting our nails, you're biting my lip, I'm biting my tongue.
Lu Wei|I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.
Slavoj Žižek|I want to see your dreams,” he explained. “I want to share them with you, and have you share mine as well. I don’t want them hidden in a book. I want them lived together, even—no, especially--when that’s hard.
Robert Frost|Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -I took the one less traveled by,And that has made all the difference.
Leonardo da Vinci|I've always been a hugger. If we all hugged more, the world would be a better place :)
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|Every word appears in our mind as a composite of everything else we associate with it. We by default personify every word, because in each of our minds, when we think of a certain person, there is one word that is the biggest part of that composite image. If I said swimming, singing or story telling each word is personified by someone different in each of our minds. It is very important to not let hate, treachery or any negative thing be personified by anyone in our mind, also not to give any reason that we would personify them in someone else’s mind. Any space in our hearts we allow hate to occupy, is space that could be filled with love. There will come a time in every person’s life, when they realize they are woefully wanting in the love they have cultivated in their heart. How amazing to think of the contrary: that you personified love in someone’s mind. What better compliment could we ever hear, than for someone to say, that we are their personification of love? I think it’s something that is not too often said, but oh that it was, and more, that there were more reason to say it. My wish is that every person could wake up in the morning with a prayer, that they may have the courage, diligence and desire to love more truly, sincerely and objectively; that every night we reflect on what we may have represented by our thoughts, words and deeds,” Jefferson concluded.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Our minds tend to race ahead into the future or replay the past, but our bodies are always in the present moment.
Toni Collette|I'm obsessed with Kate Middleton. Obsessed. I loved the Royal Wedding. I was so cynical going into it, and pseudo-political about the whole thing, but as soon as I saw her, I was utterly charmed. I'm just completely enchanted by Kate and William.
Jay E. Tria, Songs of Our Breakup|Moving on will show you a lot about who you are, what you truly want, & what you have no desire to waste your time on.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.
Sunday Adelaja|Parents are labelling, criticizing and reproaching the child on any account
Ted Morgan|Howard Hughes was able to afford the luxury of madness, like a man who not only thinks he is Napoleon but hires an army to prove it.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|If you go to war with your mind, you will always be at war.
Johann Lamont|If you don't like the President, it costs you 90 bucks to fly to Washington to picket. If you don't like the governor, it costs you 60 bucks to fly to Albany to picket. If you don't like me - 90 cents.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|Artists strive for perfection. But what they often fail to see is that the beauty, the humanity, lies within the flaws.
Sharon Weil, Donny and Ursula Save the World|We live in a multidimensional world. Why would you live a one-dimensional love? If you love someone... feel it, speak it, show it, be it.Do more than tell them… show them. Let them feel your dedicated respect and your unwavering devotion.Ensure that your commitment and passion are known and unquestionable. Show them what they mean to you… what they are to you. And… if you don’t feel inspired to show your love in this multidimensional manner… be kind enough to let them go… so they can find someone who will.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Jane: "Missy was not so subtly reminding me that she had done something nice for me and here i was being rude when all she was asking me to do was attend a nice party. This was the way southern women worked all peaches & cream laced with arsenic.
Naima Simone, Killer Curves|If he couldn’t appreciate the passion and beauty in you than that’s his shame, not yours.”--Ciaran Ross, Killer Curves
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Apollyon|I don’t know how we made it to the bed or if the water was ever turned off in the shower. But we were together, our bodies slippery, our wet hair soaking the sheets we were tangled in. And then we were tangled, our legs and arms. His hands were everywhere, paying reverence to the many scars on my body. His lips followed, and I grew reacquainted with the hard muscles of his stomach, the feel of him.
Donna VanLiere, The Christmas Town|Everybody wants to know why we're here, so we search for that answer. We want to know who we belong to so we search for those people and all the while God is whispering, 'Here I am.
Bonnie Bassler|It's almost impossible to get a movie all together when there are two main cast members, let alone an ensemble cast with everyone's schedules. It's crazy if it works out.
Thomas Ligotti, Teatro Grottesco|Sleep is where we touch what is better left unexamined. There, the whole of life is bundled up, dwindled. There the carefully hoarded and enjoyed personality, our only treasure and at the same time our only defense must die into the ultimate truth of things, the black lightning that splits and destroys all, the positive, unquestionable nothingness.
Daryl Hall|I really love Miami, but I don't think the architecture matches the city. It's a bit too commercial.
Steve Nash|I'm sad to report that in the past few years, ever since uncertainty became our insistent 21st century companion, leadership has taken a great leap backwards to the familiar territory of command and control.
Roger Zelazny|I'm so close to Schiaparelli I can taste it. I guess it would taste like sand, mostly, but that's not the point.
Trudy Adams|The Eδian encampment was quiet save for the crackle of campfires and the muted voices of soldiers, who where huddled in groups around the fires, discussing tactics or telling stories they'd never told anyone else, but needed to be told. In case they died in the morning.
Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville|People fail to succeed, and it is not because they don’t know anything, but because they don’t know what they don’t know!
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|My skin will never work like that again, so aware of the other person that I'm unsure where she ends and I begin. Never again. Never again will my skin be a thing that can so perfectly communicate; in losing my skin to the fire, I also lost the opportunity to make it disappear with another person.
Robert Ferguson, The Hammer And The Cross: A New History Of The Vikings|Those who don't return become a part of the clouds, a part of the animals that hide in the ravines and of the water that comes from the earth. They become a part of everything... they become the Soul of the World.
R.M. Engelhardt (TALON), Versus : Poems By R.M. Engelhardt 2009|Pay attention, and use your imagination.
Michael Scott, The Enchantress|I begin to fully understand the lengths to which people have gone to protect me. What I mean to the rebels. My on going struggle against the Capitol, which has so often felt like a solitary journey, has not been undertaken alone. I have had thousands upon thousands of people from the districts at my side. I was their Mockingjay long before I accepted the role.
Edward Abbey|I'm fiercely independent, but I'm also terrified of being alone.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|You know what I miss the most about my youth? My gullibility. It's nice believing in everything and everyone. It makes you feel secure, but be strong and depend more on yourself and you'll be ready for disappointments. That's the best advice I can offer you.
Saaif Alam|All I Ever Loved And TransformedBy My Loving Soul ... God,I Really Do Hope ... No One Is Ever GoingTo Love, It.P.C.M. Hermans
Dara Horn|The rain spun in the yellow arc lights over the café parking lot. It was empty inside, except for a fat Negro woman whom I could see through the service window in the kitchen, and a pretty, redheaded waitress in her early twenties, dressed in a pink uniform with her hair tied up on her freckled neck. She was obviously tired, but she was polite and smiled at me when she took my order, and I felt a sense of guilt, almost shame, at my susceptibility and easy fondness for a young woman's smile. Because if you're forty-nine and unmarried or a widower or if you've simply chosen to live alone, you're easily flattered by a young woman's seeming attention to you, and you forget that it is often simply a deference to your age.
Sanhita Baruah|What if you wake up one fine morning only to realize that the life you have been living since the last few days was nothing but a dream of yours?Would you go back to sleep then?I wake up each morning only to realize you're not by my side. And if this emptiness is nothing but a nightmare, let me wake up and go back to the time we were together...
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|It was a heavenly summer, the summer in which France fell and the British Expeditionary Force was evacuated from Dunkirk. Leaves were never such an intense and iridescent green; sunlight glinted on flower-studded meadows as the Germans encircled the Maginot Line and overran not only France but Belgium and Holland. Birdsong filled the air in the lull between bursts of gunfire and accompanied the fleeing refugees who blocked the roads. It was as though the weather was preparing a glorious requiem for the death of Europe.
John le Carré, The Secret Pilgrim|By what route the infant Hansen found his way to the Jesuits, the file did not relate. Perhaps the mother converted. Those were dark years still, and if expediency required it, she may have swallowed her Protestant convictions to buy the boy a decent education. Give the Jesuits his soul, she may have reasoned, and they will give him a brain. Or perhaps she sensed in her son from early on the mercurial nature that later ruled his life, and she determined to subordinate him to a stronger religious discipline than was offered by the easy-going Protestants. If so, she was wise.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Dead, we are revealed in our true dimensions, and they are surprisingly modest.
Alister E. McGrath|Plato utterly condemns the poets for publishing trivial, false and indeed wicked stories about the gods, such as that they fight with each other, or are overcome by emotions like grief, anger, mirth. Reluctantly, he will not allow Homer in his Republic, and he is very angry with the tragic poets for spreading unworthy ideas of the Deity.It may well be that there were inferior tragic poets who deserved Plato's strictures, but so far as concerns the tragic poets whom we know, Plato's attack is absurd. It is the attack of a severely intellectual philosopher who was also more of a poet than most poets have contrived to be; one who invented some of the profoundest and most beautiful of Greek myths. 'There is a long-standing quarrel', says Plato, 'between philosophy and poetry.' So there was, on the part of the philosophers, and most of all in Plato's own soul.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a bright blue sky.You can live under it, but love couldn't hide.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|You can find in a text whatever you bring, if you will stand between it and the mirror of your imagination. You may not see your ears, but they will be there.
John Rampton|Chinese combatants, men and women, inheritors of a millennial culture, are people of uncommon intelligence and an invincible spirit of struggle.
Afnan Ahmad Mia|Just as the sea is an open and ever flowing reality, so should our oceanic identity transcend all forms of insularity, to become one that is openly searching, inventive, and welcoming.
P.G. Wodehouse, Right Ho, Jeeves|Tom always did anger well. Hid it well, but showed it even better
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|Will Brazilian antigambiae measures succeed in Africa? As time goes by it will almost certainly be found that an increasing number of areas can be cleaned of gambiae and be freed of gambiae-transmitted malaria. In Africa, where the species is already widely disseminated, it would seem logical to attempt eradication by beginning in the center of the area to be cleaned and working always outward. It has been demonstrated in Brazil that species eradication of Aedes aegypti and Anopheles gambiae is feasible.
Quandi Jackson, How 2 Fish: The Book|Ageless Wisdom is etched in the belly of the Earth, and you are one with Its Soul.
Jamie Cullum|I was a fan of 'Six Feet Under' and was very sad when it ended, so I was not ready to switch my allegiance to another show. So I was like, 'I'm not watching this 'True Blood.' Then a friend got a bootleg copy of the first four episodes, and by the third one, I was irrevocably hooked.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|When we played softball, I'd steal second base, feel guilty and go back.
Paulo Coelho|Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.
Deyth Banger|Woodget glanced into the dim shadows behind the trees. "What you be hiding fer?" he called."On such a night as this even the greatest may hide and not be ashamed," came the response.
Robin Wasserman, Greed|They had battled and bloodied one another, they had kept secrets, broken hearts, lied, betrayed, exiled, they had walked away, said goodbye and sworn it was forever, and somehow, every time, they had mended, they had forgiven, they had survived. Some mistakes could never be fixed - some, but not all. Some people can't be driven away, no matter how hard you try. Some friendships won't break.
J. Kenner, Claim Me|You have captured me utterly, and you hold my heart in your hands. Be gentle with it. It's more fragile than you might think.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|She set out for revenge, to run them through, to do what an elf, an elf must do.” The next verse was Merill’s to improvise. “Climbed that roost, alighted right there. Made mush of his head for the onlooker bears.” “A two-pronger her prize, a meat most rare. Do-gooders will pay. Do-gooders will fear.” “Ballad of the loneliest ones,” lamented Merill. “The loneliest ones,” said Almi. She accepted that title; they were the loneliest. The elf gloomed.
Anthony Liccione|I would, quite often, like to be grownup, wise, and sophisticated. But these gifts are not mine.
Sarah Vowell|America was born out of a desire for self-determination, a longing for the human dignity that only independence can bring.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|When Jarod Kintz gets married, I want to wear his grandpa to the ceremony, telling everyone we're Siamese twins from the future-past. Meow.
Marianne Wiggins, The Shadow Catcher|...to make art is to realize another's sadness within, realize the hidden sadness in other people's lives, to feel sad with and for a stranger.
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|The pale organisms of literary heroes feeding under the author's supervision swell gradually with the reader's lifeblood; so that the genius of a writer consists in giving them the faculty to adapt themselves to that - not very appetizing - food and thrive on it, sometimes for centuries.
Maya Angelou|When Great Trees FallWhen great trees fall,rocks on distant hills shudder,lions hunker downin tall grasses,and even elephantslumber after safety.When great trees fallin forests,small things recoil into silence,their senseseroded beyond fear.When great souls die,the air around us becomeslight, rare, sterile.We breathe, briefly.Our eyes, briefly,see witha hurtful clarity.Our memory, suddenly sharpened,examines,gnaws on kind wordsunsaid,promised walksnever taken.Great souls die andour reality, bound tothem, takes leave of us.Our souls,dependent upon theirnurture,now shrink, wizened.Our minds, formedand informed by theirradiance,fall away.We are not so much maddenedas reduced to the unutterable ignoranceof dark, coldcaves.And when great souls die,after a period peace blooms,slowly and alwaysirregularly. Spaces fillwith a kind ofsoothing electric vibration.Our senses, restored, neverto be the same, whisper to us.They existed. They existed.We can be. Be and bebetter. For they existed.
T.S. Wright|The ideas flow like milk and honey in my land, my mind.
Alison Leigh Lilly|For the natural polytheist, whose gods arise in and from the natural material world, this challenge is not even always a metaphor. Our gods not only have transcendent eyes and metaphysical hands. They have antlers and feathers, hooves and scales, fangs and horns and wings and fins and claws. They are in the lands we strip for veins of precious ore. They are in the waters we poison.
Sanober  Khan|I live there...where the birds are infiniteeverywherewhere they fleeit's a place your eyes can wanderbut never seeWhere everyone accepts me,Without any pretenseIt's a place your mind can picturebut never really comprehend.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Can I tell you a boring science fact?" she whispered. "I bet you didn't learn it in Shadowhunter history class.""If you're trying to distract me from talking about my feelings, you're not being very subtle about it." He touched her face. "You know I make speeches. It's okay. You don't have to make them back. Just tell me you love me,""I'm not trying to distract you." She held up her hand and wiggles the fingers. "There are a hundred trillion cells in the human body," she said. "And every single one of the cells of my body loves you. We shed cells, and grow new ones, and my new cells love you more than the old ones, which is why I love you more every day than I did before. It's science. And when I die and they burn my body and I become ashes that mix with the air, and part of the ground and the trees and the stars, everyone who breathes air of sees the flowers that grow out of the ground or looks up at the stars will remember you and love you, because I love you that much," She smiled. "How was that for a speech?
Ramana Pemmaraju|There’s always that one guy who gets a hold on you. The “can’t eat, can’t sleep, can’t do your homework, can’t stop giggling can’t remember anything but his smile kind of hold.
Natasha Pulley, The Bedlam Stacks|I'd always thought it was gaudy, but standing there watching him beside the gold and glass shrine, I realised that his was a candlelight faith. It didn't work in the clear unforgiving light in London or Scandinavia, where even the dust in the cathedrals showed. But in the warm dimness and the shadows, what would have been tasteless at home made sense. The shrine looked like an oil painting made into real substance. So did he. England's was a reading religion, one it was difficult to understand at the bleak unimpressive first glance, one that needed books to explain itself. But his was images and images, the same as the old stages, in a place where not everyone could read and good light was expensive.
Orhan Pamuk|If you don't treat an ingredient and its flavors with respect - if you drown it in oil, for instance - you'll spoil it.
Chris Prentiss, The Laws of Love: Creating the Relationship of Your Dreams|Partying and dancing have never been my thing, but drinking I could do with reasonable familiarity and skills. I decided to begin there.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Do not constantly spend your time complaining about a problem you may be having or may be up against, focus your time toward correcting the problem. Always remember, Time is value!
knight mayor|I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.
Vishwas Mudagal|When you fail, get hurt, feel bad, but act on it! Everybody fails, but the ones who act are the ones who change the world!
Elijah Onyenmeriogu|As far back as I can remember, I’ve utterly destroyed within myself the pride of being human. And I saunter to the periphery of the Race like a timorous monster, lacking the energy to claim kinship with some other band of apes.
José Luís Peixoto|na hora de pôr a mesa, éramos cinco:o meu pai, a minha mãe, as minhas irmãse eu. depois, a minha irmã mais velhacasou-se. depois, a minha irmã mais novacasou-se. depois, o meu pai morreu. hoje,na hora de pôr a mesa, somos cinco,menos a minha irmã mais velha que estána casa dela, menos a minha irmã maisnova que está na casa dela, menos o meupai, menos a minha mãe viúva. cada umdeles é um lugar vazio nesta mesa ondecomo sozinho. mas irão estar sempre aqui.na hora de pôr a mesa, seremos sempre cinco.enquanto um de nós estiver vivo, seremossempre cinco
Mehmet Murat ildan|The truly terrible thing about the war spirit, about the fear and hate hysteria it generates, is that it forces us to think and talk and feel in terms of abstractions—those "communists" this time, those "fascists" last time. But those we are fighting and killing are people—men, women and children—not political, geographic or economic abstractions. They are, in the main, as decent and fearful and confused as we are. And they regard us as abstractions as much as we do them.
Ma Jun|Threats that could wipe out the bulk of life on earth abound. Planetary catastrophe could come in the form of a killer asteroid impact, the eruption of massive supervolcanoes, a nearby gamma ray burst that sterilizes the earth, or by human-driven environmental collapse.
Clement Alexander Price, Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance|It is not lack of ability, but lack of motivation, lack of focus, and lack of self-confidence that prevents most aspiring authors from finishing what they started.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Sometimes I lose perspective, but it helps to stop and look around. I may not have it all, but I have more than enough. And enough, it seems, is more than most have...
Elizabeth Morgan, Creak|Eat your heart out. Oh, wait. You can’t. It’s not organic.
Shannon L. Alder|Anyway, I forgot all about him once I graduated. So quickly and easily, it was weird. What was it about him that had made the seventeen-year-old me fall so hard? Try as I might, I couldn’t remember. Life is strange, isn’t it? You can be totally entranced by something one minute, be willing to sacrifice everything to make it yours, but then a little time passes, or your perspective changes a bit, and all of a sudden you’re shocked at how its glow has faded. What was I looking at? you wonder. So that’s the story of my ‘breaking-and-entering’ period.
Carter G. Woodson, The Mis-Education of the Negro|History shows that it does not matter who is in power or what revolutionary forces take over the government, those who have not learned to do for themselves and have to depend solely on others never obtain any more rights or privileges in the end than they had in the beginning.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Those who pray for your downfall are concentrating negative thoughts towards you, without taking cognisance of the slippery ground in which they are standing, which could lead to their downfall.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|To the one in the skies, this city must look like a scintillating pattern of speckled glows in all directions, like a firecracker going off amid thick darkness. Right now the urban pattern glowing here is in hues of orange, ginger, and ochre. It is a configuration of sparkles, each dot a light lit by someone awake at this hour. From where the Celestial Gaze is situated, from that high above, all these sporadically lit bulbs must seem in perfect harmony, constantly flickering, as if coding a cryptic message to God.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I believe in you my friend, so much so, that if any of my ideas make you feel belittled in any manner, I want you to rise against me and throw my work into the fire. Any notion, any book, any institution that weakens the self instead of strengthening it, must be discarded at ones.
Angelica Hopes|Truth is as straight as an arrow, while a lie swivels all over the place.
Manoj Arora, Dream On: Every setback is a little nudge from HIM to Dream On|While defending your Dream from Competing Opportunities, always be guided by your Valuesrather than perceived necessities
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|It’s truly interesting to observe how genetics works in families, and what a huge lottery it is to inherit some of our relatives’ appearance features.
Deyth Banger|You can't stop the thought about hell, probably you know that it doesn't exist as far as I can tell you and some other type of sources. But what happen with the serial killers?? THe brutal killers, they go to heaven??? - Really??So there isn't communication between hell and heaven so they put all in one place?? - WTF, how big this soul planet is it?200000000000000000000000000 People even and more are there and everyday you see new born child or children and old people or young people die.... Okay some die because of start of smoke at early age, other people start to smoke and drink alcohol because other have said them it's incrediable to drink, you aren't a human without a drink, you can't be in our group if you don't drink and many other stuff (as Alan Macmillan Orr said in his book The Little book of life)... - Did you knew that there are stuff which believers don't know or know and still believe??You should check out the holy book what's said think little and then do whatever you are on the way to do.- As first I just read a an article called "Souls do not Exist Evidence from Science & Philosophy Against Mind-Body Dualism" what I read it will blow your mind. I'm sure if you believe in god the % will go low or probably you will change you direction...As far as I'm on the road I can tell that there are people which read this and this and this and continue to believe, but it's WRITTEN BLACK ON WHITE THE TRUTH AND THEY PREFER TO STAY IN THE COMFORT ZONE, BECAUSE THERE IS COMFORT IF THEY COME HERE THERE WON'T BE COMFORT FOR THE FEW WEEKS, MONTHS OR EVEN YEARS, THEY NEED TO BUILD EVERYTHING LIKE AGAIN, LIKE YOU HAVE RESET YOUR SCORE AT GAME AND YOU START AGAIN AND AGAIN...
Chris Palmer, Shooting in the Wild: An Insider's Account of Making Movies in the Animal Kingdom|There are 2,500 kinds of sponges, all of them consist largely of holes.
Sigmund Freud, Letters of Sigmund Freud, 1873-1939|In the depths of my heart I can’t help being convinced that my dear fellow-men, with a few exceptions, are worthless.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|I have been thinking that the social moulds civilisation fits us into have no more relation to our actual shapes than the conventional shapes of the constellations have to the real star-patterns. I am called Mrs. Richard Phillotson, living a calm wedded life with my counterpart of that name. But I am not really Mrs. Richard Phillotson, but a woman tossed about, all alone, with aberrant passions, and unaccountable antipathies....
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|When the past is mentioned, some cry! When the past is mentioned, some ponder! When the past is mentioned, never again comes into the mind of some people. When the past is mentioned, some recall their had I known! The past is past, but its footprints never go!
Robert Frost|Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Christopher Hitchens|On page 607, alluding to the end of my first marriage (and carefully remembering to state that that's none of his business), he very sweetly says that I 'might leave a wife, but not a friend.' Nice try. Neat smear. But he shouldn't be so sure....
Cassandra Clare|Even if you haven't had the exclusivity conversation, they're still going to be mad if they find out you're dating someone they know and you haven't mentioned it. It's a dating rule." "Well, how am I supposed to know that rule?" "Everyone knows that rule." "I thought you were supposed to be on my side." "I am on your side!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The sun shines every day without being told that it is brilliant. The mountains stand tall and majestic though no one informs them of their grandeur. The winds twirl and dance with clouds, minus cheers or compliments to inspire their moves. Flowers bloom, showing off colors, long before passing smiles acknowledge any beauty. The ocean claps at its own underwater chorus without topside ears listening. What is the world trying to tell you? Be wonderful because you are. Quit waiting to be told so first.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Grief was like a newborn, and the first three months were hard as hell, but by six months you'd recognized defeat, shifted your life around, and made room for it.
Tracey Bond|Life is a beautiful thing. Plant it in the ground, and it blooms into opportunity, capice?
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|There will be things I won't tell you ever , Then there will be things that you won't ever listen. Then...
Wesley Stace, Misfortune|It's my job to play this role that I'm cast in to the very best of my ability, the same as any other actor. You can't possibly be yourself in the public eye. All the little things that make us human don't stand up under the scrutiny of the camera. [on being a public figure]
Bob Dylan|My father was always depressed. When he was home and sober, he was mostly in his room.
Rex Stout, Champagne for One|I doubt if there is any problem in the world today - social, political or economic - that would not find a happy solution if approached in the spirit of the sermon on the mount.
Matt Groening|'Take Shelter' is a tough movie because there's no humor in it, so there's really no way to judge how you're doing - whether people are still with you or not.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.
Oliver Cromwell|If not me, who? And if not now, when?
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|He dipped her low and kissed her fiercely, as if he were angry, and each time his lips left hers, even just for half a second, the most parching thirst ran through her, making her cry out.
Paul Tournier, The Whole Person in a Broken World|Disgusted by the abuses to which it led, humanity repressed Christianity by which it had so long been dominated. Repressed, but not eliminated. Herein lies, I believe, the essence of the tragedy of modern times. The modern man lives as if Christianity were a negligible hypothesis with no relation to the concrete realities of the world and society. And yet at the bottom of his heart this man remains impregnated with Christianity, so that he lives in a state of perpetual ambivalence with regard to it.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|The men and women who made up DoDDS Korea during the time I was there were an eclectic group to say the least, but as a group we were among the most talented, diverse, intelligent, fun, crazy, thoughtful, caring, and dedicated people in the world. We did important work, and we did it well. Better than that, we did it exceptionally well. We were experts in our fields, and we made each other better still because we depended on each other in ways that people who’ve never lived overseas could ever imagine.
Daniel Henderson, Old Paths, New Power: Awakening Your Church Through Prayer and the Ministry of the Word|In my prayer journey I’ve been motived by many lesser aspirations like guilt, approval before others and even a ego-driven desire for church growth. Of course, a passion for revival can even trigger more prayers. Yet, in the long run, we must remember that there is a difference between seeking revival from God vs. seeking God for revival.
Cisneros Sandra|When a human's tears dry up forever, they transform into a monster
William Ellery Channing|Why is it that we are so busy with the future? It is not our province; and is there not a criminal interference with Him to whom it belongs, in our feverish, anxious attempts to dispose of it, and in filling it up with shadows of good and evil shaped by our own wild imaginations? To do God's will as fast as it is made known to us, to inquire hourly--I had almost said each moment--what He requires of us, and to leave ourselves, our friends, and every interest at His control, with a cheerful trust that the path which He marks out leads to our perfection and to Himself,--this is at once our duty and happiness; and why will we not walk in the plain, simple way?
Jacques Derrida, Dissemination|Still less, despite appearances, will it have been a collection of three “essays” whose itinerary it would be time, after the fact, to recognize; whose continuity and underlying laws could now be pointed out; indeed, whose overall concept or meaning could at last, with all the insistence required on such occasions, be squarely set forth. I will not feign, according to the code, either premeditation or improvisation. These texts are assembled otherwise; it is not my intention here to present them.
Marty Rubin|The ripe apple falls, it doesn't know what else to do.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|The (i)studium(i) is ultimately always coded, the (i)punctum is not)...
Nancy E. Turner, My Name Is Resolute|...we named her Dorothy Ann. Dolly, for short. I kissed her warily, fearful of the pain of loving her, love her, though love her I did; fearful lest she hurt me by dying.
Emma Abdullah, The Blue Box|My point," Jason said, "is that blaming each other isn't going to solve anything. That's how the Romans and the Greeks got divided in the first place.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|I felt sure of this. However much I loved him, and as beautiful as the world was, none of it was powerful enough to take the weight off his heart, that heaviness that dragged him down, into the beyond, making him yearn to be at peace.
John W. Loftus|All your Western theologies, the whole mythology of them, are based on the concept of God as a senile delinquent
Jeyn Roberts, Dark Inside|Tis true, Dr. Buzzard, that a silver bullet must be of the largest and heaviest sort to travel with any amount o’ range or accuracy. But after yon hellhound took no notice o’ my challenge or my first discharge, I said what was fitting with lead buckshot well-washed with silver that I’ve got from the most particular little shop in Birmingham. It didn’t like it.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|We men are the slaves of prejudice,' he had once said to her. 'But when a woman decides to sleep with a man, there is no wall she will not scale, no fortress she will not destroy, no moral consideration she will not ignore at its very root: there is no God worth worrying about.
Michael Korda|This is true enough, but success is the next best thing to happiness, and if you can't be happy as a success, it's very unlikely that you would find a deeper, truer happiness in failure.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|The most dangerous mistake that our souls are capable of, is, to take the creature for God, and earth for heaven (374).
Walpola Rahula|Eventually, I headed to the bathroom, and I mention this only because I saw in that bathroom the most quintessentially American artifact I have ever encountered: a bright blue rubber mat resting in the bottom of the urinal emblazoned with the following legend:EpplyWorld's Cleanest AirportOmaha, NEGod bless our relentless idiotic optimism.
Elizabeth Reyes|I write because I must. It's not a choice or a pastime, it's an unyeilding calling and my passion.
Chuck Palahniuk|Things change, friends leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody.
Rodolfo R. Llinás, I of the Vortex: From Neurons to Self|The neural processes underlying that which we call creativity have nothing to do with rationality. That is to say, if we look at how the brain generates creativity, we will see that it is not a rational process at all; creativity is not born out of reasoning.
Steve Buscemi|If you're a politician, you might want to learn the Buddhist way of negotiation. Restoring communication and bringing back reconciliation is clear and concrete in Buddhism.
Erik Pevernagie|Let us keep enough money to enjoy each breath we take, but definitely not too much, if we don’t want to spoil the fragrance of our dreams and the poem of life.
Nanavira Thera|Of course, we need stories. There's a reason "42" is not a satisfying answer to life, the universe, and everything. Structure alone doesn't quench our existential thirst. We want meaning. And for our brains, meaning comes in the form of stories.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|Geniuses are those who have the intelligence, enthusiasm, and endurance to acquire the needed expertise in a broadly valued domain of achievement and who then make contributions to that field that are considered by peers to be both original and highly exemplary.
Jonah Lehrer|The fatal misconception behind brainstorming is that there is a particular script we should all follow in group interactions.... [W]hen the composition of the group is right—enough people with different perspectives running into one another in unpredictable ways—the group dynamic will take care of itself. All these errant discussions add up. In fact, they may even be the most essential part of the creative process. Although such conversations will occasionally be unpleasant—not everyone is always in the mood for small talk or criticism—that doesn’t mean that they can be avoided. The most creative spaces are those which hurl us together. It is the human friction that makes the sparks.
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Memories|To change you must want to change, you must be responsible for the change, and then take action to make the change. It is your race to run so you need to choose your road wisely.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Stairs are your teacher; they teach you to be stronger. Love your teacher and every time life puts some stairs before you, accept them as a present!
Mignon McLaughlin, The Complete Neurotic's Notebook|Family quarrels have a total bitterness unmatched by others. Yet it sometimes happens that they also have a kind of tang, a pleasantness beneath the unpleasantness, based on the tacit understanding that this is not for keeps; that any limb you climb out on will still be there later for you to climb back.
Michel Foucault, Madness and Civilization: A History of Insanity in the Age of Reason|Brave, impossible Alice. Stop being so sensible.
|We all fail in some of our endeavors, but unfortunately, some of us tend not to see the reason to try again.
Madam Secretary|When i was younger, one piece of advice from a mentor stuck with me for years...."When shaking someones hand make sure its strong and confident. For 1st impressions last and your character is automatically assumed in that one second of greeting...
Matthew Haldeman-Time, Hot Weather|You’re an English major, aren't you?” “Hey!” Immediately retreating, Keith swatted at him with a dishcloth. “Leave my brain alone. It’s resting.” “Sorry, sorry.” He leaned away, hands up to display his surrender. “I didn't mean it, I take it back.” “You’d better
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|As much as I don’t want it to be true, the reasons I don’t do something define me as a person even more so, perhaps, than the reasons I do something.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|You were twisting your wet hair up into a ponytail, and then you saw us, and you smiled....""Then why didn't you-""Because you were smiling for him. And I would have had to have been an idiot to get in between that.
Harold Ford, Jr.|I had a lot of friends in high school who said, 'Louie, I don't care what the government does as long as they leave me alone.' Well, guess what, when you don't care what the government does, it does not leave you alone.
Andrew Weil, M.D., Spontaneous Healing|In my view, prescribing antidepressant drugs is too often a quick and easy substitute for developing treatment plans that address the totality of health concerns and lifestyle factors that have an impact on wellness, including emotional wellness.
Nader Ibrahim|Its strangeness is, we might say, due to its very reality, to the very fact that there is existence. The questioning of Being is an experience of Being in its strangeness
Joyce Moyer Hostetter, Blue|But if you ask me what I remember (about 1945), I will say it was the year Franklin D. Roosevelt died and I got one of his flowers. I will tell you that yellow rose give me the courage to do the right thing even if it was hard. I will say it was the time in my life when I learned all of us is fragile as a mimosa blossom. But the miracle of all is, When push comes to shove, we can be just as tough as Hickory. It mostly hurts at first. After a while it starts to feel better.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|In the end, it was the secrets that held me hostage and fuelled my depression, but, once released, emancipation - from fear, shame, guilt and judgement - was finally possible.
Marion Poschmann, Geistersehen: Gedichte|in der Fußgängerzone kam Wind auf wie immer Wind aufkommt bei der Suche nach jenem richtigen Ort der sich stets weit entfernt zeigt, die Abfallpapiere am Boden verrutschten, mein Mantel flatterte, und, als wäre dies schon ein Grund mich selbst zu den Dingen zu zählen als wäre dies schon ein Grund blieb ich ungefragt stehen
Seanan McGuire, Indexing|Clichés are relatives of the fairy tale, and tropes aren’t bad; they go with the territory.
Nancy Greene|If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
James Dashner, Thomas’s First Memory of the Flare|No, he is not vicious, nor is he in the least demented. His mind is a wonder chamber, from which he can extract treasures that you and I would give years of our life to acquire.
Seth Shostak|What's a space elevator? Simply described, it's a thin ribbon, about 3 feet wide and 60 thousand miles long, stretching upwards from the surface of the Earth. The lower end is bolted to a heavy anchor (think of an oil drilling platform), and the top is capped with a counterweight.
D.E. Stevenson, Listening Valley|There are adventures of the spirit and one can travel in books and interest oneself in people and affairs. One need never be dull as long as one has friends to help, gardens to enjoy and books in the long winter evenings.
Meg Cabot, Ransom My Heart|No man wants to marry, Finnula. There are just some women they can’t have any other way, and so it is a sacrifice willingly made in order to attain a particularly choice—
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|Look at this, Grace," Peg's e-mail said. "He's entrancing those people. I just realized. Taking them out of themselves. Ty is sort of like a medicine man. A shaman. P.S. Have you called him?
Jessie Snow|I'm not talented or gifted. I'm a committed, meticulous workaholic. The only reason I succeed is because I refuse to fail.
Shon Mehta, A Tale of a Fairy Tale and other stories|Raistlin opened his eyes, looking at her without recognition. And in them, she saw deep, undying sorrow--the look of one who has been permitted to enter a realm of deadly, perilous beauty, and who now finds himself, once more, cast down into the grey, rain-swept world.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Come on. I know you're not a stupid man.''I'm quite stupid. Ask anyone.''Finbar, are there superheroes living among us?' Finbar snorted with laughter and Kenny started to feel a little thick. 'Superheroes? In tights and capes, flying around? If there were superheroes, Mr. Journalist, don't you think they'd be in New York or somewhere like that? There's not that many tall buildings for Spiderman to swing from in Dublin, you know? He'd have maybe two good swings and then hang there looking disappointed.' 'These people don't wear tights and capes, Finbar.''So they're naked superheroes? That's grand for now, but when the good weather is over they're going to regret it.''They look like us. They dress like us. But they're not like us. They're different.''You,' Finbar said. 'Are sounding very racist right now.
Therese Doucet|Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all.
Meredith Ann Pierce, Dark Moon|I shall never love any as I love thee, Moonbrow!” she cried.He nuzzled her, very gently. “Nor I you, Ryhenna,” he said. “Tek is my mate. I love her. You are my shoulder-friend, and I love you. I love you both, but differently. And when in a year or two years’ time, you dance court within this glade, it will be with one whom you love in a way entirely other than the way that you love me. I am your companion, your friend, Ryhenna, just as you are always and ever mine. Stand fast with me,” he said, “and no foe shall ever part us.
Maggie Stiefvater, Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception|I feel all agitated, like one of those snow globes you see resting peacefully on shop counters. I was perfectly happy being an ordinary, dull little Swiss village. But now Jack Harper’s come and shaken me up, and there are snowflakes all over the place, whirling around until I don’t know what I think anymore. And bits of glitter, too. Tiny bits of shiny, secret excitement.
joseph fink, jeffrey cranor|When it comes to correct English, there's no one in charge; the lunatics are running the asylum.
Alexander Trocchi|No doubt I shall go on writing, stumbling across tundras of unmeaning, planting words like bloody flags in my wake....
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|Doubtless some ancient Greek has observed that behind the big mask and the speaking-trumpet, there must always be our poor little eyes peeping as usual and our timorous lips more or less under anxious control.
C. JoyBell C.|Humanity does not suffer from the disease of wrong beliefs but humanity suffers from the contagious nature of the lack of belief. If you have no magic with you it is not because magic does not exist but it is because you do not believe in it. Even if the sun shines brightly upon your skin every day, if you do not believe in the sunlight, the sunlight for you does not exist.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The fear of God is an insane idea. God is love and “there is no fear in love, because perfect love casts out all fear.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The church isn’t just a particular building or congregation but the spiritual fellowship of all who belong to Jesus Christ. If we belong to Christ, we also belong to each other.
Jimmy Smits|Once Canadians no longer believe that there is any good in politics, they no longer feel we can work together to solve the challenges we're facing, and that is my fundamental motivation: how do we work together as a country to solve the big challenges we're facing.
Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application|Be grateful for life. Show gratitude to others, whether it’s verbally or energetically, it has the same effect.
Goitsemang Mvula|There will be those who love you for your hair and those who love the beauty of your mind and those who adore the warmth of your heart. but there will be those who will leave you for not conforming to their type of hair, mind and heart. And there will be those who will live/die to see your bad hair days, derailed mind, and broken heart. but what matters most is Who You Are
Scribendi, How to Write a Letter|I've always admired people who give accurate directions, and the tribe is small.
Deepak Chopra|The great aim of your life should be to keep your powers up to the highest possible standard, to so conserve your energies, guard your health, that you can make every occasion a great occasion.
Ian McShane|Poetry is a special use of language that opens onto the real. The business of the poet is truth telling, which is why in the Celtic tradition no one could be a teacher unless he or she was a poet.
Jim Carroll|Oh dear sunday, I want to sleep in your arms and have fun day.
Nicholas Dodman|What would you do if your cat suddenly went psycho and started to attack you for no apparent reason, lying in wait and pouncing or stalking you with a faraway look reminiscent of its predatory cousins and ancestors?
Neil Gaiman|To be a convincing story, you've got to know what you're talking about. In EVERY detail."-Rayner Unwin
Lillian Faderman, Odd Girls and Twilight Lovers: A History of Lesbian Life in Twentieth-Century America|Most people think the closet is a small room. They think you can touch the walls, touch the door, turn the handle, and walk free. But when you're inside it, the closet is vast. No walls, no door, just empty darkness stretching the length of the world.
Simon Skiles, Memoirs of a Unicorn: Love|How else do I describe what I see…what I feel? When I look at a plant, I do not see a green object. I see Life. I see energy. I see a will to exist like no other. When I see an animal, I see more than fur and bone and blood. I see Love. Love is all around us. And in us. And through us. Love is us. It is everywhere. I see it. I feel it. I hear it. I only wish all of you could, too. If you could experience what I do every moment of every day, there would be no anger, no hate, no killing. I want to share what I know with the entire universe, but my words fall on deaf ears. People go right on fighting and hating and killing. And there is nothing I can do.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|But when someone does wrong, when we make mistakes, we don’t say we’re sorry. We promise to make amends.”“I will.”“Mati en sheva yelu. This action will have no echo. It means we won’t repeat the same mistakes, that we won’t continue to do harm.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Nothing like watching your relatives fight, I always say.
Ufuoma Apoki|If you've been on this side, then you'll have more compassion and understanding for those still on this side when you get to the other side, because you know how it feels like to be on this side. Sometimes though, relief comes too sudden and good that we tend to lose our sense of empathy for those still on this side, and it's amazing how we've forgotten so soon how it felt like to be on this side. How would it have felt if you were treated the same way you treat those who are on this side by those who were on the other side, when you were still on this side, now that you are on the other side?
Steven Sinofsky|Our children will outwit us if they want; for when it comes to technology, they hold the higher ground. Unlike other tools passed carefully and ceremonially from one generation to the next - the sharp scissors, the car keys - this is one they understand better than we do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Ah, if he had ever been a slave he would have known how difficult it was to trust white men.
Peter Carey|I did not know that history is like a blood stain that keeps on showing on the wall no matter how many new owners take possession, no matter how many times we pint over it.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|It is very strange, this domination of our intellect by our digestive organs. We cannot work, we cannot think, unless our stomach wills so. It dictates to us our emotions, our passions. After eggs and bacon it says, "Work!" After beefsteak and porter, it says, "Sleep!" After a cup of tea (two spoonfuls for each cup, and don't let it stand for more than three minutes), it says to the brain, "Now rise, and show your strength. Be eloquent, and deep, and tender; see, with a clear eye, into Nature, and into life: spread your white wings of quivering thought, and soar, a god-like spirit, over the whirling world beneath you, up through long lanes of flaming stars to the gates of eternity!
Hope Alcocer|It’s called an inner voice for a reason. It’s the gnawing feeling inside your stomach telling you yes or no. It’s the one voice in your life that isn’t tampered by other’s biased opinions, scars, feelings or thoughts. Go with it, you know yourself better than anyone ever does.
Peter Berger|I dream of a world where Science shapes the structure of a society, rather than politics.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Love doesn't demand perfection, but it does ask you to give yourself with less reserve than you'd prefer.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Competition works best in sports, but humans get addicted to stuff.
Iain Thomas|Jason once told me that eye contact is the most intimacy two people can have -- forget sex -- because the optic nerve is technically an extension of the brain, and when two people look into each other's eyes, it's brain-to-brain.
Rob Liano|The odds are, you highly underestimate how awesome you are. Stop doing that.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs. I am haunted by waters.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|So whenever that brittle voice of dissatisfaction emerges within me, I can say "Ah, my ego! There you are, old friend!" It's the same thing when I'm being criticized and I notice myself reaching with outrage, heartache, or defensiveness. It's just my ego, flaring up and testing its power. In such circumstances, I have learned to watch my heated emotions carefully, but I try not to take them too seriously, because I know that it's merely my ego that has been wounded--never my soul It is merely my ego that wants revenge, or to win the biggest prize. It is merely my ego that wants to start a Twitter war against a hater, or to sulk at an insult or to quit in righteous indignation because I didn't get the outcome I wanted. "At such times, I can always steady my life one more by returning to my soul. I ask it, "And what is it that you want, dear one?""The answer is always the same: "More wonder, please.""As long as I'm still moving in that direction---toward wonder--then I know I will always be fine in my soul, which is where it counts. And since creativity is still the most effective way for me to access wonder, I choose it.
Aisha Tyler|I like John McCain, or he seems like a cool guy in a lot of ways. I don't agree with a lot of his policies, but he still seems like a cool guy.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Come on, get up, get up, you can't just sit! But he was still crying and that had to be finished.
Clare Mulley|For a once renowned woman who loved telling tales of dodging bullets, wielding grenades and subverting dogs trained to kill, Christine's story is, surprisingly, little known today.
David Graeber, Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology|Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.
Riley Redgate, Seven Ways We Lie|Here, I choose to love what I have. Here, I choose to love what I am now
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|He was just drifting off to sleep when it occurred to him that perhaps the dog was not so ordinary after all. Perhaps he was someone the ogre had changed, and Ivo was going to spend the night hugging a headmaster or a tax inspector
John Waters|If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!
William R. Alger|I think we've always been fascinated with the idea of the romantic outlaw. John Gotti could be in one instance a charismatic, kind and loving family man, and in another, deadly to his enemies. The opportunity to tell the true story of Gotti with John Travolta is a director's dream.
Neel Burton|The two greatest warriors are Truth and Time. Be sure to march behind, and not against, them.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Once I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue: "No good in a bed, but fine up against a wall.
Ulysses S. Grant|The proper study of Man is anything but Man; and the most improper job of any man, even saints (who at any rate were at least unwilling to take it on), is bossing other men. Not one in a million is fit for it, and least of all those who seek the opportunity.
Anthony Liccione|So is death a journey? Is it to another place?" she asked. "Is it another planet?""Many have wondered this very question,"replied rovender. "But there is an old Caerulan saying: When your journey reaches its destination here, may you walk on through the memories of those still with us.
Hare Krishna Chandrasekaran|If something is not a "hell, YEAH!", then it's a "no!
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Remember, Pia," he whispers. "Perfect is as perfect does.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Early on I realized that I had to hire people smarter and ore qualified than I was in a number of different fields, and I had to let go of a lot of decision-making. I can't tell you how hard that is. But if you've imprinted your values on the people around you, you can dare to trust them to make the right moves.
George Takei|Not everything is going to be handed to you just because you're talented with a big smile. Sometimes you just gotta get out and shoot jumpers for hours and hours and hours. That's something I didn't really get a grasp on until way later, waking up early and treating it like a job if you're serious about it. Get the freak up and, you know, work.
Katharine Hepburn|The calla lilies are in bloom again. Such a strange flower—suitable to any occasion. I carried them on my wedding day, and now I place them here in memory of something that has died.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|The more steps you take towards the end, the fewer steps you have to take towards the end!
John C. Mather|I think there's a great strength in having the courage and also having the support to do what you want to do when you're an artist in any way, shape or form.
Joshua Dysart, Unknown Soldier, Vol. 2: Easy Kill|People, we're always reaching for these big things... you know? Big ideas... big moments... big lives. And all the while the little things we're ignoring are undoing us.
Mary Simses, The Irresistible Blueberry Bakeshop & Cafe|She closed her eyes and listened to the drone of bees as they moved lazily among the flowering bursts of deep pink hydrangea and delicate tendrils of sweet pea that wound through the basket-bed borders. Although she was still very weak, it was pleasant to sit in warm lethargy, half-drowsing like a cat.She was slow to respond when she heard a sound from the doorway... a single light rap, as if the visitor was reluctant to disrupt her reverie with a loud knock. Blinking her sun-dazzled eyes, Annabelle remained sitting with her legs tucked beneath her. The mass of light speckles gradually faded from her vision, and she found herself staring at Simon Hunt's dark, lean form. He had leaned part of his weight on the doorjamb, bracing a shoulder against it in an unselfconsciously rakish pose. His head was slightly tilted as he considered her with an unfathomable expression.Annabelle's pulse escalated to a mad clatter. As usual, Hunt was dressed impeccably, but the gentlemanly attire did nothing to disguise the virile energy that seemed to emanate from him. She recalled the hardness of his arms and chest as he had carried her, the touch of his hands on her body... oh, she would never be able to look at him again without remembering!"You look like a butterfly that's just flown in from the garden," Hunt said softly.
Elisabeth Elliot|The Word of God I think of as a straight edge, which shows up our own crookedness. We can't really tell how crooked our thinking is until we line it up with the straight edge of Scripture.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|What, did you think," she asked, laughing as he struggled up the bank, "that I, a Gaulish maiden, could not swim?" "I did not think anything about it," Malchus said; "I saw you pushed in and followed without thinking at all." Although they imperfectly understood each other's words the meaning was clear; the girl put her hand on his shoulder and looked frankly up in his face. "I thank you," she said, "just the same as if you had saved my life. You meant to do so, and it was very good of you, a great chief of this army, to hazard your life for a Gaulish maiden. Clotilde will never forget.
Michelle Templet|Not very good with death? Father was a military man, and military men lived with death; lived for death; lived on death. To a professional soldier, oddly enough, death was life.
Nina D'Angelo, Damaged|She’s wild, unpredictable and dangerous as hell. Not just to my sanity, but to my health. She’s the kind of girl you know you’ll want forever with and forever will still not be enough. But she’s not the type of girl to give forever to you willingly. I’m pretty sure you’d have to drag it out of her kicking and screaming.” - Dominic Delaney -Damaged
Amanda Linsmeier, Beach Glass & Other Broken Things|Every change, those subtle-slow, and those drastically sudden, has brought me into myself.
Eddie Murphy|I got into filmmaking in order to tell very personal stories, and in this day and age, the opportunity seems all the more precious.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Ever since I became an executive producer of 30 Rock, people have asked me, 'Is it hard for you, being the boss?' And, 'Is it uncomfortable for you to be the person in charge?' You know, in that same way they say, 'Gosh, Mr. Trump, is it awkward for you to be the boss of all these people?
Joseph McGinnis, The Weathering, Dawn of the Apocalypse|The authentic human being is one of us who instinctively knows what he should not do, and, in addition, he will balk at doing it. He will refuse to do it, even if this brings down dread consequences to him and to those whom he loves. This, to me, is the ultimately heroic trait of ordinary people; they say no to the tyrant and they calmly take the consequences of this resistance. Their deeds may be small, and almost always unnoticed, unmarked by history. Their names are not remembered, nor did these authentic humans expect their names to be remembered. I see their authenticity in an odd way: not in their willingness to perform great heroic deeds but in their quiet refusals. In essence, they cannot be compelled to be what they are not.
George Gaylord Simpson|The essential quality that an entity needs, if it is to become an effective gene vehicle, is this. It must have an impartial exit channel into the future, for all the genes inside it. This is true of an individual wolf. The channel is the thin stream of sperms, or eggs, which it manufactures by meiosis. It is not true of the pack of wolves. Genes have something to gain from selfishly promoting the welfare of their own individual bodies, at the expense of other genes in the wolf pack. A bee-hive, when it swarms, appears to reproduce by broad-fronted budding, like a wolf pack. But if we look more carefully we find that, as far as the genes are concerned, their destiny is largely shared. The future of the genes in the swarm is, at least to a large extent, lodged in the ovaries of one queen. This is why—it is just another way of expressing the message of earlier chapters—the bee colony looks and behaves like a truly integrated single vehicle.
Krystyna Faroe|Going down 6% grades using only a hand brake and low gears wasn’t for sissies and, in retrospect, might have been for idiots.
Teo Yi Han|What does the anticipation feel like? The sensation of staring into the void, the awareness of an end’s impending arrival? Burning and being extinguished simultaneously?
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|The clouds took on the shape of dancers; from somewhere far off, Pram heard music before the clouds became normal again.
Somya Kedia|For that genuine smile on your face, find the lost confidence and then that's it!
Alex Staniforth|Screw it. Bring on that sorry dragon!Comes down to it, I'll bet Hrundig knows a recipe for cooking the mangy beasts.
Carla Foft, Addressing Spirits|...I have to go home and get a few things done. If I don’t get out the Pledge soon, the dust bunnies are going to be leaving tracks on my furniture...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May we love another, for love is of God.
Terry Teachout|I love all the gift guides that the magazines put out, whether it's 'InStyle' doing Mother's Day gifts or color guides, or the 'O' magazine Christmas guide.
pavankumar nagaraj|Be like a star and shine, whether people care or do not care; the clouds are temporary, but your beauty is permanent.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|Love assumes expectation and hope. All actors of the hazardous pursuit of love eagerly look forward to passing a significant cape without injuries or aching scratches: "the Cape of good Hope". ( " Those journeys of love" )
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|I am determined that never, if I can help it,Shall evil triumph over good." - Creon
Jane Gilman|Mathematics isn’t just science, it is poetry – our efforts to crystallise the unglimpsed connections between things. Poetry that bridges and magnifies the mysteries of the galaxy. But the signs and symbols and equations sentients employ to express these connections are not discoveries but the teasing out of secrets that have always existed.
Twinkle Khanna|I believe that our democratic values are also born out of our Jewish faith, a 'love for the stranger,' and equality before the law - these are not foreign values: this is Judaism.
Krista Ritchie, Ricochet|What’s going to happen,” he breathes, “is that I’m going to carry you through this door. I’m going to draw out every single moment until you’re exhausted. And I’m going to move so slow that three months ago will feel like yesterday. And tomorrow will feel like today, and no one in this fucking universe will be able to say your name without saying mine.
Trent Reznor|When I was a boy, my own dad told me in a smiling and wistful way that it's a wise man that knows his own father.
Akkineni Nagarjuna|There are so many beautiful things that are a part of the world, and I've always looked at life that way; I've always tried to put on a smile and a brave front, not just for my kids but in my own life and all the difficulties that I've gone through.
Maurice Jones-Drew|You're the only one that can put pressure on yourself... No one else can put pressure on you. It's self-inflicted. For me, I just want to go out and play football.
Paul Betty|If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
Mirette Baghat, A Coffin of Roses|The first time Kiya met Hapi was over a year ago. On that day, she was at the temple - not to sell pigeons and bread as usual, but to pray and offer sacrifices on the altar of Horus - the God of protection.
Kim Dotcom|I always loved clothes. I grew up in a blue-collar family, but I loved old movies and seeing all those dashing leading men.
Shillpi S Banerrji|Your beauty is tragic.It is the sweetest sin,Heaven ever created!
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|I take a sip of my beer, and it's - I mean, it's just astonishingly disgusting. I don't think I was expecting it to taste like ice cream, but holy fucking hell. People lie and get fake IDs and sneak into bars, and for this? I honestly think I'd rather make out with Bieber. The dog. Or Justin.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|If the history-deniers who doubt the fact of evolution are ignorant of biology, those who think the world began less than ten thousand years ago are worse than ignorant, they are deluded to the point of perversity. They are denying not only the facts of biology but those of physics, geology, cosmology, archaeology, history and chemistry as well.
Auliq Ice|We’re halfway through another great time of the year. You should start to make little improvements to your lifestyle and thinking, your late. Start making a change now.
Elisa Marie Hopkins|You shall discuss dreams, not deny!
Katherine Anne Porter|Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what you've got.
Laura Dern|After a while, you just want transportation, and things like cool cars or motorcycles are all about getting attention. I get all the attention I could ever need, so I kind of like being in a minivan and people not paying so much attention to me.
Carole Seymour-Jones, A Dangerous Liaison|I loathe my childhood and all that remains of it.Jean-Paul Sartre, Words
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|I want his eyes to stop looking at me like that, and at the same time, I have always wanted to be looked at just like that. Now, when I look into the brown depths of his eyes… I feel desired. I feel confident.I feel free.I feel like a woman.
Etienne de L'Amour, Life on the Flipside|The hidden economy [is] fed not by money and greed but by love, pure and simple. You see the best and truly golden opportunities do not arise to benefit oneself, but in order to benefit others.
Moira Young, Blood Red Road|I ain't never seen a creature like that before, she says. He's so smart, he's-More, like a person than a bird? I says.Yeah, she says. That's it.Whatever you do, I says, don't tell him that. I'll never hear the end of it.
Chuck Palahniuk, Stranger than Fiction|Writers aren’t people exactly. Or, if they’re any good, they’re a whole lot of people trying so hard to be one person.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|America was never designed to be fixed forever, but was meant to be fluid and evolving.
Thomas James Higgins|I'm not scared of death, I just don't want to seek it out.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|I wonder why when I told him that my chest still ached even though I had finally told him how I felt, he said, "So you finally realize how I've felt these past three years?" and laughed.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Your house, being the place in which you read, can tell us the position books occupy in your life, if they are a defense you set up to keep the outside world at a distance, if they area dream into which you sink as if into a drug, or bridges you cast toward the outside, toward the world that interests you so much that you want to multiply and extend its dimensions through books.
Jaeda DeWalt|The calm within the storm is where peace lives and breathes. It is not within perfect circumstances or a charmed life... it is not conditional. Peace is a sacred space within, it is the temple of our internal landscape. We are free to visit it, whenever we seek sanctuary. Underneath the chaos of everyday living, peace is patiently awaiting our discovery... go within.
Shaun Hick|I may be going nowhere, but what a ride.
Al Pacino|To do a movie with someone like Tom Hanks that when you tell your dad, your dad knows who Tom Hanks is - it feels like you're finally giving back to your parents. It's like you've actually done something that they can recognize, and there's something in me that makes them super proud.
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|For a long time, I tried to make my ilfe work, to make our family work. I got tired, though. Five children wears you out until the only thing left inside you, the only thing you've got to give, is a memory of what you thought you'd be.
Billie Letts, Where the Heart Is|Only Certain offered no enticements, for she knew nothing could ease the pain. Not books or photography or food. Not even love.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|Everything changes. The leaves, the weather, the colour of your hair, the texture of your skin. The feelings you have today - whether they kill you or enthrall you - won’t be the same tomorrow, so let go. Celebrate. Enjoy. Nothing lasts, except your decision to celebrate everything, everyone, for the beauty that is there within each moment, each smile, each impermanent flicker of infinity.
Keith Urban|Wait!" he yelled.I didn't turn around, I walked faster. Then I heard him slam his fist on the hood of his car. I almost stopped.Maybe I would have if he'd followed me. But he didn't. He got in his car and he left, just like he said he would.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|As usual, he saves his wife's for last. He leans on the cane and he looks at the headstone and he thinks about many things. Taffy. He thinks about taffy. He thinks it would take his teeth out now, but he would eat it anyhow, if it meant eating it with her.
Kassandra Cross, Black Magic: New Adult Witchcraft Paranormal Suspence Romance|This is the gateway to Hell, baby… Welcome to The Underworld.
Theodore Sturgeon, Venus Plus X|Living with life is very hard. Mostly we do our best to stifle life - to be tame or to be wanton. to be tranquillised or raging. Extremes have the same effect; they insulate us from the intensity of life.And extremes - whether of dullness or fury - successfully prevent feeling. I know our feelings can be so unbearable that we employ ingenious strategies - unconscious strategies- to keep those feelings away. We do a feelings-swap, where we avoid feeling sad or lonely or afraid or inadequate, and feel angry instead. It can work the other way, too - sometimes you do need to feel angry, not inadequate; sometimes you do need to feel love and acceptance, and not the tragic drama of your life.It takes courage to feel the feeling - and not trade it on the feelings-exchange, or even transfer it altogether to another person. You know how in couples one person is always doing all the weeping or the raging while the other one seems so calm and reasonable?I understood that feelings were difficult for me although I was overwhelmed by them.
Preston Sturges|When the last dime is gone, I'll sit on the curb outside with a pencil and a ten cent notebook and start the whole thing over again.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|What I ask of you is reasonable and moderate; I demand a creature of another sex, but as hideous as myself; the gratification is small, but it is all that I can receive, and it shall content me. it is true, we shall be monsters, cut off from all the world; but on that account we shall be more attached to one another. Our lives will not be happy, but they will be harmless, and free from the misery I now feel. Oh! my creator, make me happy; let me feel gratitude towards you of one benefit!
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|Wouldn't it be nice to say to people we meet, "I know something good about you," and then treat them that way? (author unknown)
Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret|Only bad books have good endings.If a book is any good, it's ending is always bad - because you don't want the book to end.
Marilyn French, The Women's Room|Six men control almost all the media in the United States--book publishing, magazines, television, movie studios, newspapers, and radio. They are not friendly toward feminism, which has almost disappeared from the surface of our society. You will almost never see a feminist column on an op-ed page, a feminist article in a magazine, or newspaper, actual (not satirized) feminist ideas on television or in the movies. Only magazines & radio controlled by feminists--and these are few and not well-funded--offer information on the feminist perspective.This might be understandable if feminism were a wild-eyed manic philosophy. But it is a belief, a politics, based on one simple fact: women are human beings who matter as much as men. That is all that feminism claims. As human beings, women have the right to control their own bodies, to walk freely in the world, to train their minds and bodies, and to love and hate at will. Only those who wish to continue to coerce women into a servant/slave class for men cannot accept this principle.
Tim McGraw|We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everyhwere.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Always remember, no matter how big you get in life, God is still bigger; when you feel to be at your lowest point, Satan is still at the bottom.
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|Faith and science, I have learned, are two sides of the same coin, separated by an expanse so small, but wide enough that one side can't see the other. They don't know they are connected.
Matthew Culberson, After Life|I knew when I got into self-publishing I would have to compete with other authors' words. I did not, however, know that I was going to have to compete with so many sculpted abs!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|No story lives unless someone wants to listen. So thank you, all of you.
Arzak Khan|Technology itself is not to blame. The fault lies in ourselves, because having no means to orient ourselves, we turn elsewhere towards other resources. Heidegger makes the point that our culture lacks something needed to maintain a clearly defined sense of boundaries. In order to fill the vacuum caused by this lack, we turn to the most readily available and powerful technological force accessible to us, and today, this is the Internet
Luffina Lourduraj|I want to drown in my tears,And my tears are my prayers.
Andrew M. Greeley, Emerald Magic: Great Tales of Irish Fantasy|Death is the great disruptor; it thrusts us opposite life’s mirror, invites our truthful exploration, and reveals the naked truth; from which rebirth is possible and we are free to reinvent ourselves anew.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|As impossible as this may seem (in infertility), try to reach outside of yourself and realize all of the things that you are able to do for now because you do not have children. There are seasons in life, and for now yours is an unfettered one. Allow God to use you in the present. The best way to help alleviate your pain is to try to help others alleviate their pain.
Willa Fitzgerald|When I come to visit my mom - every two or three months - I generally spend five or six hours with her each day. She's always immensely glad to see me, her eldest child, her only son.
Anatole France|In my dreams and visions, I seemed to see a line, and on the other side of that line were green fields, and lovely flowers, and beautiful white ladies, who stretched out their arms to me over the line, but I couldn't reach them no-how. I always fell before I got to the line.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our essential humanity is dependent upon humankind’s ability to join the past and the future with the present. Recollections and future projections grant us the ability to cogitate, analyze, and evaluate. Contrasting memories enable us to ascertain what is true and false, and determine what is charming, attractive, stunning, or sublime. Remembrance of the past serves to comfort us, awareness of the future offers us hope, while our dutiful engagement in the present is capable of arresting our complete attention.
Catherine Louise Birmingham, Ride for Life; The Three Golden Principles for Riders|Each soul must awaken from the aloneness of a private dream world to greet the morning sun, view the sweet earth, apprehend the great silence, and demonstrate an appreciative thanks to everyday of life by living in a rapt state of attentive awareness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The right time is now, pursue you dreams!
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Our way is upward, from the species across to the super-species. But the degenerate mind which says ‘All for me’ is a horror to us.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|By necessity, we are direct and swift in speech and movement. This is the true dynamic that underlies our apocryphal rudeness. Also true: we do not make eye contact. Neither do we encourage it. Consider the number of humans a New Yorker will pass on a given day – on the subway, in a train or bus terminal, in an office or simply walking down the street. To facilitate speed and minimize drama, it’s productive to keep one’s eyes focused ahead.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Her lips touched his brain as they touched his lips, as though they were a vehicle of some vague speech and between them he felt an unknown and timid preasure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odor.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Cauldron save you.Mother hold you.Pass through the gates, and smell that immortal land of milk and honey.Fear no evil.Feel no pain.Go, and enter eternity.
Steve Hall|The truest form of love is how you behave toward someone, not how you feel about them.
Marian Keyes, Rachel's Holiday|My life was a wreck. I had nothing, no material possessions, unless debts counts. Fourteen pairs of shoes that were too small for me was all I had to show after a lifetime of profligate spending. I hadn’t a job. I hadn’t any qualifications. I’d achieved nothing with my life. I’d never been happy. I had no husband or boyfriend.
Debasish Mridha|If I am so terribly limited as to view my handicaps as nothing more than lamentable limitations, then I have taken some of my greatest God-given assets and completely handicapped them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Perhaps the greatest psychological, spiritual, and medical need that all people have is the need for hope.
Sreesha Divakaran, Wine, Fire, Satin, Dew|Is this how it is with lies? The first one comes hard, the second one easier, until they slip off your tongue easier than truths - maybe because they are easier than truths.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|Be grateful for all ordeals, they are the shortest way to the Divine.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|Pray GOD by HEART, Not by HABIT.
Kate Christensen|In a big Bollywood romantic film, taking my shirt off and spreading the hand towards the mountain with dancers behind me are not my cup of tea.
Auður Ava Ólafsdóttir|We say no more on the matter and she asks me to help her find a word, an adjective to qualify something that falls on mankind, although not necessarily something of a meteorological nature, like rain, but a word associated with the apocalypse of the human soul and heart, but not in any direct way, more indirectly, like rain in the soul and nature oozing tears, she explains to me. Something like the smell of a birch tree in the rain, just one word. The obstetrician claims that no word could encompass that much, no single word could ever be that big.
Leviticus 19:10|When you reap the harvest of your land, do not reap to the edges of your field or pick the fallen fruit. Leave these for the poor and the stranger.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Always set your mind to think thoughts of victory even before the battle begins, this way you will experience limitless possibilities.
Judy Biggert|My vision is that our country should be integrated in the EU, to transfer a part of our independence there. It is also our duty to do it, if we want to establish trade and a sound economy. This is the vision that I am working on and I will continue to work in the future.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a weak person, every little hill is a giant mountain; for a strong person, every giant mountain is a little hill!
Sharon Kirstin, The Answers Within|When you tune into your soul essence and are in harmony with the Supreme, you are tapped into your superpowers.
Kevin J. Anderson, A Forest of Stars|Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|Then there are all of those children, the ones who aren’t resilient. The ones who slowly, quietly die. I think the difference is that the kids who bounce back learn to bear a little bit more than they thought they could, and they soon understand that the secret to surviving foster care is to accept finite disappointments while never losing infinite hope. I think that was how Donald survived as long as he did, by never losing his faith in the wish that tomorrow would be better. But as time went by, day after day, the tomorrows never got better; they got worse, and he simply gave up. In the way he saw the world, pain was inevitable, but no one ever explained to him that suffering was optional.
Bertrand Russell|Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.
Johannes Brahms|The problem is that everywhere the gas drilling industry goes, a trail of water contamination, air pollution, health concerns and betrayal of basic American civic and community values follows.
Erik Pevernagie|Women emerging like aliens in a hesitant future, in a men’s world with impervious codes, may feel like dots in an uncharted territory. Discovering the crucial points, which don't line up with the unbearability of reality, may be a key to the right compass in life. ( "Terra incognita")
Sheng Yen|Intruding upon a dimension rightfully ours, modern medicine robs us of the dignity of what people in the past regarded as most precious: that final moment of death.
Ilona Andrews, Burn for Me|I'm not lazy. I'm just really gifted, only instead of being good at music or math I'm good at sleeping late.
James Lovelock|When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|A world that denies – or worse, downplays - the existence of child soldiers, honor killing victims and parents forced to commit infanticide is a world in denial. Gross incidence such as these will only persist for as long as people choose to turn their faces away.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|You don't control their minds, ma fifille, you control their hearts" - Cosette
Martina McBride|I'm not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then I've got some aspects of cool in me, I guess.
Leander E. Keck, Paul and His Letters|To those who receive [Jesus], that is not only to believe in His existence but to believe that He brings life through salvation by His death and resurrection, God promises the right to become His own children.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to live longer and to be strong, intelligent, loving, and kind--then don’t follow a tiger. Follow an elephant.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey the great laws, we shall be happy.
Manuel Puig, Kiss of the Spider Woman|—And what's so bad about being soft like a woman? Why is it men or whoever, some poor bastard, some queen, can't be sensitive, too, if he's got a mind to? —I don't know, but sometimes that kind of behavior can get in a man's way.—When? When it comes to torturing?”—No, when it comes to being finished with the torturers.”—But if men acted like women there wouldn't be anymore torturers.
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|Nate came back into the kitchen, his hair slightly messy from having had the beanie on. The gray thermal Henley he wore gave him a rugged, all-man look that made her heart skip a couple beats. For someone who was the opposite of her type, he sure was hard not to look at. Add the quiet sense of humor she'd seen last night and delivering chocolate chips, and he'd tiptoed into perfect territory.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, The Faithful Gardener: A Wise Tale About That Which Can Never Die|Elizabeth walked past just as Mrs. Ferguson, pulling down her wide-brimmed hat, announced that teenagers today were the most inconsiderate creatures she had ever seen. 'I'm afraid I have to agree with you,' Elizabeth had heard her twin say mournfully, clearly distinguishing herself from the inconsiderate teenagers milling all around them.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Putting your time in at the office; dutifully spawning your two point five; smiling politely at your retirement party; then chewing on your bedsheet and choking on your canned peaches at the nursing home. It was better never to have been born-never to have wanted anything, never to have hoped for anything.
E.L.R. Jones formerly, now Ellie Keys, Forbidden: A Prince's Most Coveted Possession|Philippe to his mother "do stop chasing after a carriage that has a runaway mare.
Deepak Chopra|If you or I are having a single thought of violence or hatred against anyone in the world at this moment, we are contributing to the wounding of the world.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A being of volitional consciousness has no automatic course of behavior. He needs a code of values to guide his actions. ‘Value’ is that which one acts to gain and keep, 'virtue’ is the action by which one gains and keeps it. ‘Value’ presupposes an answer to the question: of value to whom and for what? 'Value’ presupposes a standard, a purpose and the necessity of action in the face of an alternative. Where there are no alternatives, no values are possible.
Kathrine Switzer|When it's pouring rain and you're bowling along through the wet, there's satisfaction in knowing you're out there and the others aren't.
Sherwin B. Nuland, How We Die: Reflections of Life's Final Chapter|I know you're on my side," an immunologist once remarked to me as we discussed the politics of vaccination. I did not agree with him, but only because I was uncomfortable with both sides, as I had seen them delineated. The debate over vaccination tends to be described with what the philosopher of science Donna Haraway would call "troubling dualisms." These dualisms pit science against nature, public against private, truth against imagination, self against other, thought against emotion, and man against woman.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|He remembered having said to his uncle (with a solemn dogmatism better befitting a much younger man): "Surely it is possible to love with the head as well as the heart." Mr. Delagardie had replied, somewhat drily: "No doubt; so long as you do not end by thinking with your entrails instead of your brain.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the pressure, the greater the treasure.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Sometimes the soul takes pictures of things it has wished for, but never seen.
Clayton Lessor MA, LPC|It’s time to stop dreaming about who you want your son to be and help him become the healthy, happy, and successful man he’s supposed to be.
John McPhee, Assembling California|There’s a reason you probably haven’t heard much about this aspect of the heartland. This kind of blight can’t be easily blamed on the usual suspects like government or counterculture or high-hat urban policy. The villain that did this to my home state wasn’t the Supreme Court or Lyndon Johnson, showering dollars on the poor or putting criminals back on the street. The culprit is the conservatives’ beloved free-market capitalism, a system that, at its most unrestrained, has little use for smalltown merchants or the agricultural system that supported the small towns in the first place....
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Okay. I’m not a white male. At least, not predominantly so. And as I mentioned before, I’m in an environment right now where race is really important. See, Chinese men are not that physically intimidating. We’re not that tall. We’re not that built. We have exactly one thing going for us in a fight — that our opponent recognizes that there’s a possibility, no matter how remote, that we might know kung-fu.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|...talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything.
David Axelrod|I used to get nervous, you know if my parents would come watch. And then I would get nervous if my friends came and watched. Today it's not a problem anymore actually, because now I enjoy it. I see that they, you know, respect me immensely, and I try to put on a good show and show that I can still play very good tennis.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Even if the creative brilliance sparks only once, it needs to be accelerated and developed so it has self-sustaining strategies to continue adding value to both the initiator and those it serves.
David Robinson|For my diet, I choose mostly organic. But in general, I am a big believer in trying to strike a balance with everything.
Daisaku Ikeda|Become like the sun. If you do so, all darkness will be dispelled. No matter what happens, live confidently with the conviction that you, yourself are the “sun.” Of course, in life there are sunny days and cloudy days. But even on cloudy days, the sun is still there. Even when you are suffering, it is vital that you strive to keep the sun shining brightly in your heart.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|A woman only needs one pair of shoes for an outfit. But God, you've got to get it just right.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|Unless we take the time to regain our perspective and face the reality that life is short, we risk arriving at a destination we didn’t choose—or at least one we wouldn’t prefer.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|In thousands of little ways, we pull and push our children to grow up, hurrying them along instead of inviting them to rest. We could never court each other as adults by resisting dependance...Perhaps we feel free to invite the dependance of adults becuase we are not responsible for their growth and maturity. We don't bear the burden of getting them to be independant. Here is the core of the problem: we are assuming too much responsiblity for the maturation of our children. We have forgotten that we are not alone - we have nature as our ally. Independance is the fruit of maturation; our job in raising children is to look after their dependance needs. When we do our job of meeting genuine dependance needs, nature is free to do its job of promoting maturity. In the same way, we don't have to make our children grow taller; we just need to give them food. By forgetting that growth, development and maturation are natural processes, we lose perspective. We become afraid our children will get stuck and never grow up. Perhaps we think that if we don't push a little, they will never leave the nest. Human beings are not like birds in this respect. The more children are pushed, the tighter they cling - or, failing that, they nest with someone else.
Tom Cook|I thought we weren't actually dead?", I asked. There was a lot of ambiguity surrounding that subject. We weren't mortal anymore. That was for sure. I could swing by my grave and prove that anytime I wanted. But, we had bodies with needs. And could get hurt or killed. And, though, I've been told we didn't age, my hair continued to grow. I still woke up hungry in the morning, and watch out, if I didn't get a cup of coffee. It was like we were straddling some invisible fence between immortality and human frailty. 	"Seriously, are we dead or not? I asked again when I still received no response. I got several yes's and no's at the same time confirming my own belief. Somehow, we were neither.
Aristotle|The female is, as it were, a mutilated male, and the catamenia are semen, only not pure; for there is only one thing they have not in them, the principle of soul.
Daniel Quinn|animals are indeed more ancient, more complex and in many ways more sophisticated than us. They are more perfect because they remain within Nature's fearful symmetry just as Nature intended. They should be respected and revered, but perhaps none more so than the elephant, the world's most emotionally human land mammal.
Abigail Haas, Dangerous Girls|The truth is, it's not the act that I'm scared of, but giving myself so entirely to someone. As long as there are lines to draw and boundaries to cling to, I can pretend that I'm safe from the wanting that threatens to consume me. I'm separate, still all my own. But after...What then? What comes after, when he has that much of me, to do with as he chooses? When I have him. Will it ever be enough?
Richelle E. Goodrich|Death was a quiet evil, unavoidable like the dark night and defenseless sleep and tearful sorrows. It had hunted her down and slithered close, wanting only to smother every last flicker of 
Thomas Malthus|Environmental protection and economic development are not in conflict. Environmental protection is not a burden but a source for innovation. It can increase competition, create jobs, and lifts the economy.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|Think beyond the situation, its a facade against your success.
Henry Miller|Well, little old Noisyville-on-the Subway is good enough for me.
Tae Yun Kim, The First Element: Secrets to Maximizing Your Energy|Violet is the most soothing, tranquilizing and cooling color vibration. It encourages the healing of unbalanced mental conditions in people who are overly nervous or high-strung. Foods of the violet vibration are: purple broccoli, beetroot and purple grapes.
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|A tribe is a group of people connected to one another, connected to a leader, and connected to an idea. For millions of years, human beings have been part of one tribe or another. A group needs only two things to be a tribe: a shared interest and a way to communicate.
Omar Sharif|Madonna is a pro. I don't like her and have no respect for her but- I don't think she should be called a musician or a dancer or whatever you know, but I do have, well I do have respect for her ability to completely manipulate the media and have them work for her.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|That means life itself is a fairy tale. Like the characters, we all live and love and search for a happily-ever-after.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Till it does come, you know, we women never mean to have anybody. It is a thing of course among us, that every man is refused, till he offers.
Marita A. Hansen, Behind the Tears|If he's after sledge I'd say he's a bottom, and a very sore one if he succeeds , cos your bro looks like he's got a third leg down there, it's so fucking huge. Got an eyeful once when I walked in on him while he was showering"...
Jori Nunes, Chocolate Flowers|There can be no doubt that the chief fault we have developed, through the long course of human evolution, is a certain basic passivity. When provoked by challenges, human beings are magnificent. When life is quiet and even, we take the path of least resistance, and then wonder why we feel bored. A man who is determined and active doesn't pay much attention to 'luck'. If things go badly, he takes a deep breath and redoubles his effort. And he quickly discovers that his moments of deepest happiness often come after such efforts. The man who has become accustomed to a passive existence becomes preoccupied with 'luck'; it may become an obsession. When things go well, he is delighted and good humored; when they go badly, he becomes gloomy and petulant. He is unhappy—or dissatisfied—most of the time, for even when he has no cause for complaint, he feels that gratitude would be premature; things might go wrong at any moment; you can't really trust the world... Gambling is one basic response to this passivity, revealing the obsession with luck, the desire to make things happen.The absurdity about this attitude is that we fail to recognize the active part we play in making life a pleasure. When my will is active, my whole mental and physical being works better, just as my digestion works better if I take exercise between meals. I gain an increasing feeling of control over my life, instead of the feeling of helplessness (what Sartre calls 'contingency') that comes from long periods of passivity. Yet even people who are intelligent enough to recognize this find the habit of passivity so deeply ingrained that they find themselves holding their breath when things go well, hoping fate will continue to be kind.
Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally|When I buy a new book, I always read the last page first, that way in case I die before I finish, I know how it ends. That, my friend, is a dark side.
Jean Baudrillard|Identity was partly heritage, partly upbringing, but mostly the choices you make in life. ~ Bran
Lailah Gifty Akita|As a result, they do not live the rest of their earthly lives for evil human desires, but rather for the will of God. I Peter 4:2
Ali Harper|How quickly pettiness returns, and that most ignoble form of real estate, the possessive occupation and tyranny over two square inches of human flesh, the wife's cunt.
Vonda Sinclair, My Daring Highlander|A fire burned in her chest. A fire that both terrified her and compelled her to lean into him and take everything he would give her. She trembled with the force of these strange emotions. 	"Shona." He lifted his hand to gently tilt her chin up and caress her cheek. His breath teased her lips and his nose touched hers briefly. 	"Aye," she responded.	His masculine scent and that of spices from the mulled wine stole her thoughts. When his lips touched hers like a light brush of silk, she was ensnared and her breath remained trapped in her chest. Some instinct within her surged to the surface and she pressed her lips firmly against his.
Chuck Wendig, Blackbirds|For the record, telling your boyfriend that your not-as-dead-as-you-might-have-implied mother has been arrested for murder doesn’t go over well
Robert J. Wiersema|A wise man once said that the best definition of insanity was performing the same action over and over again, expecting different results."Father Peter stopped smiling. "The same could be said of you. What makes you so sure you're right? And so sure I'm wrong?""The difference is that I made a mistake once, out of ignorance," Tim said. "Everything I've done since then has been to try to make amends.""To earn forgiveness.""To protect the innocents." Tim smiled, "And yes, to earn forgiveness.
Hillary Clinton|Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.
El Fuego|Memories are sweet, cherish it...
Myquillyn Smith|It was muskets that won the Revolution. And don't forget it was axes, and plows that made this country.- Father Wilder
John F. Kennedy|All blame is a waste of time. No matter how much fault you find with another, and regardless of how much you blame him, it will not change you. The only thing blame does is to keep the focus off you when you are looking for... reasons to explain your unhappiness or frustration.
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|And it all came to pass, all that she had hoped, but it did not fill her with rapture nor carry her away with the power or the fervor she had expected. She had imagined it all different, and had imagined herself different, too. In dreams and poems everything had been, as it were, beyond the sea; the haze of distance had mysteriously veiled all the restless mass of details and had thrown out the large lines in bold relief, while the silence of distance had lent its spirit of enchantment. It had been easy then to feel the beauty; but now that she was in the midst of it all, when every little feature stood out and spoke boldly with the manifold voices of reality, and beauty was shattered as light in a prism, she could not gather the rays together again, could not put the picture back beyond the sea. Despondently she was obliged to admit to herself that she felt poor, surrounded by riches that she could not make her own.
Heidi Hayes Jacobs|I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't assume you are more creative or better than anyone, because some people with better stuffs are just pretending to be dumb for a while.
Tennessee Williams, Sweet Bird of Youth|Chance, you've gone past something you couldn't afford to go past; your time, your youth, you've passed it. It's all you had and you've had it.
Roger Scruton, Fools, Frauds and Firebrands: Thinkers of the New Left|If he had stayed in Slovenia, and Slovenia had stayed Communist, Zizek would not have been the nuisance he has since become. Indeed, if there were no greater reason to regret the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe, the release of Zizek on to the world of Western scholarship would perhaps already be a sufficient one.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Your dreams today are answers to what you are to do, where you are to go and what you have to say in later days of your life.
Cara Rosalie Olsen, Awakening Foster Kelly|I hate him for what he's done, but I still love him for the man he was.
Thomas Hylland Eriksen, Small Places, Large Issues: An Introduction to Social and Cultural Anthropology|When we reject our origins, we become the product of whatever soil that we find ourselves planted; the colors of our leaves change as we consume borrowed nutrients with borrowed roots and, like a tree, we grow.
Agatha Christie, Death on the Nile|Mademoiselle, I speak as a friend. Bury your dead! ... Give up the past! Turn to the future! What is done is done. Bitterness will not undo it.''I'm sure that would suit dear Linnet admirably.'Poirot made a gesture. 'I am not thinking of her at this moment! I am thinking of you. You have suffered - yes - but what you are doing now will only prolong the suffering.
Chris Bohjalian, Secrets of Eden|Human relationships were strange. I mean, you were with one person a while, eating and sleeping and living with them, loving them, talking to them, going places together, and then it stopped. Then there was a short period when you weren't with anybody, then another woman arrived, and you ate with her and fucked her, and it all seemed so normal, as if you had been waiting just for her and she had been waiting for you. I never felt right being alone; sometimes it felt good but it never felt right.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|America is not a country of immigrants, we are a country of pioneers.
Kelly Moran, Benediction|I loved you as a boy and fell in love with you as a man. You’re in here so deep that there is no you, no me. Only us.
Ricky Mathieson, The Reiki Teachers Guidebook|Whatever my limited knowledge, I tried to make up for it with energy.
Clay Shirky, Cognitive Surplus: Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age|facts are aligned on shelves as well, necessarily chosen and arranged, assigned value by explanations neatly stuck where prices might have been.
Dido Armstrong|There's never been a game plan, and I suppose I've had an uneasy relationship with my ambition. Someone who had been in my year at drama school once said to me that I was terrifyingly ambitious back then. Which was not at all what I felt at the time - I felt paralysed with shyness, though that evaporated.
Ian McShane|Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.
C. JoyBell C.|I am often asked how it is that I am able to value people to such a deep degree. Apparently, I exhibit an ability to value others, that goes beyond ordinary. Well, the answer to that is simple. And it's not a religious answer, either. You see, it goes like this, when I look into a person's eyes, I am deeply aware of the fact that I am not only looking into the eyes of this person right here in front of me; but that I am looking into the eyes of a child, a baby, a grandparent... I am looking into the eyes of someone who has dreams at night, someone who plans for a future, someone who cries and laughs... it's not just the person standing in front of me, that I see; but I see all the persons that the individual has ever been and ever will be. I even see who they are in their dreams at night. You see, a person is much more than just a person! A person is a collection of vast and wide stories, each one good enough to read! So when I see people, I see all of these things! How can I not value a person when I see them in this way?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave|Life may dawdle along in minutes but don't be deceived, for it will sprint by in years before you even notice.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|After twelve years of trying, I just decided to stop missing.
Michael Richard Stosic, Thirty-Nine Days|We have all been hurt at some point in our lives, from a spouse, a friend, an employer, a co-worker,a pastor and sometimes the wounds are so deep we wonder if they will ever heal.
Steve Maraboli|Tombstones and legacies are for the dead.I will live for now… Impact the world for now… Change lives for now… Laugh for now… Love for now… I will experience the length, depth, and breadth of life for now… Later will come soon enough and I will be so tired that I shall welcome the rest it offers…. But for now, ONWARD!
Rory Kinnear|One day we were sitting in our little classroom in the middle of Australia Zoo, and Dad bursts in and says, 'OK, today we're going to go climb a mountain,' - the Glass House Mountains are about 20 minutes away - so we packed up all our math work and ran out the door and climbed Mount Tibrogargan.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Things hurt more when you were alone, that was all.
Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now|I simply wanted a kiss. I was a freshman girl who had never been kissed. Never. But I liked the boy, he liked me, and I was going to kiss him. That's the story, the whole story, right there.
Gudjon Bergmann, Baby Steps to Meditation|The building blocks of meditation are relaxation and concentration. If you cannot relax, you cannot meditate. If you cannot concentrate, you cannot meditate. No exceptions.
Caesar J. B. Squitti, The Jesus Christ Code: The Light: The Rainbow of Truths|Don't lie to a liar,
Auliq Ice|You should smile, look her in the eyes, and give her a small complement when you ask her out.
Bertrice Small, This Heart of Mine|Once the Wheel of Love has been set in motion, there is no absolute rule.Your being contains mine; now I am truly part of you. Together as one, we form an unbroken circle of love.The wife is half the man, his priceless friend; Of pleasure, virtue, wealth, his constant source; A help throughout his earthly years; Through life unchanging, even beyond its end.
Roger Ebert|Of all the purposes of education, I think the most useful is this: It prepares you to keep yourself entertained. It gives you a better chance of an interesting job.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe in Christ Jesus, you shall not perish but have everlasting life.
Sarah Brazytis, The Apprentices|How will we ever tell you apart?" Collins asked, unable to resist the question."It's really quite simple, sir, once you know us," the spokesman assured him. "If he's talking, it's probably George, because Geoff is a quiet lad; if he's dancing a hornpipe, it's Geoff, because hornpipes make me dizzy.""You're George, then?""Yes, sir - the eldest.""By five minutes and fifty-five seconds," added Geoffrey, frowning."Five minutes and fifty-nine seconds," George corrected him calmly.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|Most of us assume that human beings have free will. However, . . . [we] are very much conditioned by our species, culture, family, and by the past in general. . . . It is rare for a human being to have free will. . . . (140)
Cinda Williams Chima, The Sorcerer Heir|There are all these things my mother is good for that my father isn't, and all these things my father is good for that my mother isn't, and if only they could work out their differences, or keep the dim of discord to a minimum, I could have two whole parents.
Emma Goldman|There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.
Friedrich Schiller|The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.
L.J. Davis|He twirled a finger, the universal symbol for roll down your window -- universal despite the fact that no one had manually rolled down a window in twenty years.
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|I don't think sleeping with you is going to solve anything," she said, stopping at the guest bedroom door."I don't really care what you think.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|We’re programmed to imagine bad things happening to us, as opposed to good things, even if the good are more likely. It’s kind of a protective pessimism: if we worry about the worst happening, it may miss our door.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are good ways and bad ways to get my attention. Whacking on my ego with a crowbar will get my attention, sure, but it's not going to leave me well disposed to the messenger.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Surrender|I don't have deal breakers," Alan said. "I look on tempests, and am never shaken.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|He didn’t recruit me,” Cett pointed out. “I got pulled by my balls into this little fiasco.”“I wish I cared enough to apologize,” Elend said, staring at them.
George Orwell|The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|In the unification of two minds, orientation of sexuality is irrelevant.
Jack Welch|Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.
Kate Chisman|She was seriously in love, but she never made demands.
Amy Zhang, This Is Where the World Ends|If there's one person in the world you should be with, there must be one person in the world you shouldn't be with.
Rachel Caine, Fade Out|When we look back from the vantage point of sobriety, many of us realize that when drinking we often felt like a fake, a fraud, and a phony. That’s because we were. – p. 74
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|When scientists underestimate complexity, they fall prey to the perils of unintended consequences. The parables of such scientific overreach are well-known: foreign animals, introduced to control pests, become pests in their own right; the raising of smokestacks, meant to alleviate urban pollution, releases particulate effluents higher in the air and exacerbates pollution; stimulating blood formation, meant to prevent heart attacks, thickens the blood and results in an increased risk of blood clots in the heart. But when nonscientists overestimate [italicized, sic] complexity- 'No one can possibly crack this [italicized, sic] code" - they fall into the trap of unanticipated consequences. In the early 1950s , a common trope among some biologists was that the genetic code would be so context dependent- so utterly determined by a particular cell in a particular organism and so horribly convoluted- that deciphering it would be impossible. The truth turned out to be quite the opposite: just one molecule carries the code, and just one code pervades the biological world. If we know the code, we can intentionally alter it in organisms, and ultimately in humans. Similarly, in the 1960s, many doubted that gene-cloning technologies could so easily shuttle genes between species. by 1980, making a mammalian protein in a bacterial cell, or a bacterial protein in a mammalian cell, was not just feasible, it was in Berg's words, rather "ridiculously simple." Species were specious. "Being natural" was often "just a pose.
Kim Harrison, Holidays Are Hell|I like attics. They're as peaceful as God's church. Alone and apart, but a body can hear everything. The past stacked up like forgotten memories, but with a small effort, brought down and enjoyed again.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|A man is a hero, not because he is braver than anyone else, but because he is brave for ten minutes longer.
Ann Landers|Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
Robert Woodruff Anderson, I Never Sang for My Father|Death ends a life, but it does not end a relationship, which struggles on in the survivor’s mind toward some final resolution, some clear meaning, which it perhaps never finds.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else ... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
Albert Camus, Notebooks, 1935-1951|The more of me I be,The clearer I can see.
Martha Char Love, Increasing Intuitional Intelligence: How the Awareness of Instinctual Gut Feelings Fosters Human Learning, Intuition, and Longevity|Nobody Is PerfectWe’re all damaged in our own way. Nobody’s perfect. I think we’re all somewhat screwy. Every single one of us. — Johnny DeppEverybody is perfect in their own way, and everybody matters. How does it feel when others don’t respect your own unique way of understanding? What happens when they try to change you according to their way? Everybody makes mistakes, and every mistake matters. How do you succeed when you don’t know what failure brings? Remember: feel comfortable and be happy in your own skin; have the courage to follow your own path confidently. Life is beautiful: there are no mistakes in life, only lessons to be learned.
Wednesday Lee Friday|The more I know about people, the more I love zombies.
Cole Swindell|I enjoy fashion photography and textiles, that whole aspect of it. As more of an art form, I like Proenza Schouler. Those guys are really cool because they seem to have an interesting approach to it all.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|By priming your subconscious mind you are allowing it to run in the background, and that way you are actually sending out positive thoughtforms from your subconscious in the waking state!
Debasish Mridha|Just like you can’t punish anyone without punishing yourself, you can’t love anyone without loving yourself.
Tariq Ramadan|The great help of being in the Army is to understand why are the armies clever in what they describe as emotional intelligence, making soldiers come to terms with the death of comrades by certain rituals.
Jill Soloway|Everybody think they're famous when they get 100,000 followers on Instagram and 5,000 on Twitter.
Deyth Banger|Parker Haas, crying Omaha, and his sleepless Rose.
Ellen Brazer, Clouds Across the Sun|Some people like the Jews, and some do not. But no thoughtful man can deny the fact that they are, beyond any question, the most formidable and most remarkable race which has appeared in the world.— Winston S. Churchill
Cynthia Weil|I was diagnosed with a severe temporal spatial deficit, a learning disability that means I have zero spatial relations skills. It was official: I was a genius trapped in an idiot's body.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|I am groping about through this American forest of prejudice and proscription, determined to find some form of civilization where all men will be accepted for what they are worth.
Jennifer Elisabeth|I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me.
O. Henry|We ignore slow environmental changes unless they are crisis-driven, such as hurricanes in Florida.
Amy Matayo, Love Gone Wild|However, attention can be moved away from an unwanted focus, primarily by focusing intently on another target.
Andrew Cormier, The Great Deceiver|Philosophy should make clear and delimit sharply the thoughts which otherwise are, as it were, opaque and blurred.
Edward Johnson, III|Fostering the leadership necessary for transformational outcomes in education is hard work, and in countries around the world, there is a constant search for easier solutions.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|Once we are lost unto ourselves, everything else is lost to us.
Aileen Lee|There's an image that some of us have of Jackie Onassis, stepping out in the rain, and Maurice Tempelsman is holding her umbrella. We want that man. We want the man to be the concierge and the masseur and the travel booker.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Because there's nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline, no matter how many times it's sent away.
Matthew D. Lieberman, Social: Why Our Brains Are Wired to Connect|But the Sufis work IN the world, and therefore WITH 'things of the world'.
Valerie Martin, The Confessions of Edward Day|I grasped the mirror to look closer at the strange girl in the reflection. Yes, I could see some similarities. The shape of the face was the same, but with all the changes it looked unearthly. The reflection was beautiful ... extremely beautiful--small, pink lips ... pale and glowing skin ... fine white hair. But I couldn't stop focusing on the eyes. The bottomless blue was shocking in the midst of white. She could have competed against Lydia. No, she would have blown Lydia out of the water.
Wislawa Szymborska|My word will never be as strong as God's word. All I am is just a vessel, doing His work.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|As to my mouth, of all my features, I wish I could possess my mouth again, just as it had been before the fire. I had my mother’s lips, generous below and above; and what kissing I had practiced, mainly on my hand or on a lonely pig, had convinced me that my lips would be the source of my good fortune. I would kiss with them, and lie with them, I would make victims and willing slaves of anyone my eyes desired, simply by talking a little, and following the talk with kisses, and the kisses with demands. And they’d melt into compliance, everyone of them, happy to perform the most demeaning acts as long as I was there to reward them with a long, tongue-tied kiss when they were done. But the fire didn’t spare my lips; it took them too, erasing them utterly.
Mary Kay Andrews|People think it's terribly sad to spend Christmas alone, but it's no sadder, really, than spending any other day alone, is it?
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Have you ever noticed how we often live on the surface of our lives? Each day is like the previous day. Time passes, and we continue to feel like we’re living a life less than we deserve. So, dive deeper into your life, and discover what lies below the surface….
Iain Sinclair|Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didn't mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it.
Dada Bhagwan|Gnani’s [The enlightened one’s] sangna [directions] is the compass then it will take you to the end of your journey [Moksha, ultimate liberation]. And the worldly people’s sangna [directions] is the compass then it will make you wander in the worldly life.
J.A. ANUM|We left dents on each other. Mine was in her heart, and hers was on my car.
Nayomi Munaweera, Island of a Thousand Mirrors|There is silence and then the familiar smack of Beatrice Muriel’s palm against her forehead. “A love marriage,” she says. In her opinion, love marriages border on the indecent. They signify a breakdown of propriety, a giving in to the base instincts exhibited by the lower castes and foreigners.
m. somerset maugham|Why you choose happiness, so you think that the sad moments like somebody dieing - it's equal to happiness?!?!?!?!??!So you think that time crimes like this in auschwitz which don't have proof so far from what they say in the reports from Mr.Death (Documentary film!)... so this is equal to (How to say it???!?!) to happiness??WTF, crime equal to happiness, sadness also so what's left?Oh, oh I know the Joker (Note: He is a nice character isn't he?)
Douglas R. Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid|Sometimes it seems as though each new step towards AI, rather than producing something which everyone agrees is real intelligence, merely reveals what real intelligence is not. 
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!|Failure is a steppingstone to poverty, Cosmic Ordering is an elevator to success.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Comparison is the most abused intellectual tool of all. We compare men and women, man and God, good and bad, equal and unequal, forgetting that this sin only results in a punishment so severe that we can't even trace it back to its origins. All we're left with in the end is ambiguity, uncertainty, lethargy and and Kafka!
Alisa Hope Wagner|COVERT CONVERTIf you don't believe in God, then believe in the hidden camera
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|silence was never lost, she just had to stop screaming long enough to hear it:.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|During sex, people are often way too focused on giving or taking to actually just celebrate this moment, be themselves completely, and rejoice in their own realities.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Most people don't grow up. Most people age. They find parking spaces, honor their credit cards, get married, have children, and call that maturity. What that is, is aging.
A.Z. Green, Beasthood|Francie had heard swearing since she had heard words. Obscenity and profanity had no meaning as such among those people. They were emotional expressions of inarticulate people with small vocabularies; they made a kind of dialect. The phrases could mean many things according to the expression and tone used in saying them. So now, when Francie heard themselves called lousy bastards, she smiled tremulously at the kind man. She knew that he was really saying, “Goodbye—God bless you.
Paul Sabatier|I know what you want. One month after the ascension of Philippe the Gullible, M. Laclos found in a gutter, deceased. Blamed on a traffic accident. Two months after, King Philippe found in a gutter, deceased— it really is a bad stretch of road. Philippe’s heirs and assigns having coincidentally expired, end of the monarchy, reign of M.Danton.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Older people make this mistake all the time with younger people, treating them as a finished product when in fact they are in process.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|From my father I heard only these words: "But you were born for such a day as this." He closed the book and my mother joined him in embracing me. They prayed over me and they gave me a blessing. And some blessings, like the one my conservative Christian parents gave to their soon-to-be-Lutheran pastor daughter who had put them through hell, are the kind of blessings that stay with you for the rest of your life. The kind you can't speak of without crying all over again.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|In the midst of the personified impersonal world, smiles dramatically connect humans.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is love, there are no faults. Where the love of give-and-take (dealer) arose, all faults will be seen there.
Kevin Focke|I don’t experience writer’s block, I only have periods of severe writer’s diarrhoea; an incoherent mess of unfitting words placed in random sentences. Luckily, I can usually separate the shit from “the shit” later on.
S.L. Naeole, Falling From Grace|Because the plan God has for each of our lives isn't always the same plan we have for ourselves, Grace. Sometimes, our deaths have more of an impact than our births. It can inspire people to do great things, even greater than they would have had the deaths not happened at all.
John Buchanan, The Road to Guilford Courthouse: The American Revolution in the Carolinas|Revolutionaries - true revolutionaries - are aggressive, ruthless, and generally seize the main chance, as William Henry Drayton did when he saw that stump-speaking was getting him nowhere. But defenders of the status quo tend toward caution and legalisms and inaction until it is too late
Evelyn Underhill, Practical Mysticism|Held tight as it seems to you in the finite, committed to the perpetual rhythmic changes, the unceasing flux of "natural" life— compelled to pass on from state to state, to grow, to age, to die— there is yet, as you discovered in the first exercise of recollection, something in you which endures through and therefore transcends this world of change. This inhabitant, this mobile spirit, can spread and merge in the general consciousness, and gather itself again to one intense point of personality. It has too an innate knowledge of— an instinct for— another, greater rhythm, another order of Reality, as yet outside its conscious field; or as we say, a capacity for the Infinite. This capacity, this unfulfilled craving, which the cunning mind of the practical man suppresses and disguises as best it can, is the source of all your unrest. More, it is the true origin of all your best loves and enthusiasms, the inspiring cause of your heroisms and achievements; which are but oblique and tentative efforts to still that strange hunger for some final object of devotion, some completing and elucidating vision, some total self-donation, some great and perfect Act within which your little activity can be merged.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Treat life as a suicide mission, take on the impossible jobs and attack with the gusto of someone who has nothing to lose.... and when you revel in victory, make like it's a dirty win
Becca Ritchie, Damaged Like Us|The Cobalt Empire is the largest, known for their regal poise, intellectual prowess, and fierce commitment to one another. Each Cobalt is prideful and passionately unique but when push comes to shove.They'll band together like an army of one.
Joseph de Maistre, Against Rousseau: On the State of Nature and On the Sovereignty of the People|I may not know why, but I do know why not and this is where I stand.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Arms wrapped around me, I looked over the past boxed up and piled haphazardly about, like memories in a person’s brain. It was only a matter of knowing where a thought was and dusting it off.
Victoria Schwab, Our Dark Duet|Och, they suit you, Queenie! Promise me you'll wear them.
Douglas Wilson|God gave us minds to think with and hearts to thank with. Instead we use our hearts to think about the world as we would like it to have been, and we use our minds to come up with rationalizations for our ingratitude. We are a murmuring, discontented, unhappy, ungrateful people. And because we think we want salvation from our discontents...
Andrea Goeglein|Great moment, unforgettable memory.
Will Rogers|If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
Kelly Rossi, Dating the Wrong Men|Katie, honey, you need a date for your sister’s wedding.”“I had a date, Mom. He’s marrying the bride.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|You fear them because you fear death, and rightly: for death is terrible and must be feared,' the mage said...'And life is also a terrible thing,' Ged said, 'and must be feared and praised.
Dean Kamen|Believe in individual initiatives, in courage, in risk.
Arefin Bashar Arif|If I wanna die I may be awesome that I fear nothing. So I can do anything in this earth. Cause I am about to die. And If I start to do anything in this earth, the worst can be, I will die. This is the way I make impossibles possible.
Rob Liano|Once you embrace your value, talents and strengths, it neutralizes when others think less of you.
M.I.A.|Even if people do wrong, we're social animals, so what can we do about stopping them doing the same things in future? Saying people are 'bad' or 'evil' is just an unwillingness to engage; an unwillingness to try to empathise. That sanctimonious attitude doesn't help anyone.
Mindy Kaling|I regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi, in which the world operates according to different rules than my regular human world.
Sylvia Kristel, Undressing Emmanuelle: A Life Stripped Bare|... Angus had a "pretty normal childhood." Bertie had immediately mistrusted him. Nobody had a normal childhood.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose does not answer its enemies with words, but with beauty.
David Walliams|My dad always told me, 'I don't care what you do. Just aim to be the best at it. Even if it's the world's best window cleaner.'
Jennifer Aniston|It makes me sad when I find sisters who aren't joyful. They might smile, but with just a smile they could be flight attendants!
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|Women are constantly trying to commit suicide for love, but generally they take care not to succeed.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Gleanings Among the Sheaves|When we ask we are owning our needs. Asking for love, comfort or understanding is a transaction between two people. You are saying: I have a need. It's not your problem. It's not your responsibility. You don't have to respond, but I'd like something from you. This frees the other person to connect with you freely and without obligation. When we own that our needs are our responsibility we allow others to love us because we have something to offer. Asking is a far cry from demanding. When we demand love, we destroy it.
Norman Fairclough|It is not uncommon for textbooks on language to have sections on the relationship 'between' language and society, as if these were two independent entities which just happen to come into contact occasionally. My view is that there is not an external relationship 'between' language and society, but an internal and dialectical relationship.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|But before she tells you anything." I glared at him suspiciously."your seed..."Tsaeb winced."What the hell are you talking about?""your...well, your seed. You know, you have to knock her up.
Fuzzy Zoeller|People think our music's very aggressive or angry or whatever, and it's just the opposite, really... I like laughing. And I like being really calm before a show, and smiley.
A.E.  Kirk|I’ll take a shower.”“Want company?”“Enough, Blake.” Ayden stood and backhanded the big guy’s chest.“Just trying to do my Hexy Knight duty. How about we carpool tomorrow, babe? You could sit on my lap. I make a great seat belt.”“Shut up, Blake,” Ayden and I said in unison.
Pam Brown|Dogs are not like cats, who amusingly tolerate humans only until someone comes up with a tin opener that can be operated with a paw. Men made dogs, they took wolves and gave them human things--unnecessary intelligence, names, a desire to belong, and a twitching inferiority complex. All dogs dream wolf dreams, and know they're dreaming of biting their Maker. Every dog knows, deep in his heart, that he is a Bad Dog...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|The consistency of their moods and emotions creates a predictable and consistent outcome that can be reassuring in our turbulent times. You know you can depend on approachable people to be well balanced, accepting, and empathetic to the needs and feelings of others.
Meg Medina, Burn Baby Burn|Nothing ends. There is only transformation, ugly as it may be.
Chris Guillebeau, The Happiness of Pursuit: Finding the Quest That Will Bring Purpose to Your Life|The twenty hooves of the horses slowed their relentless cadence on the damp ground as they approached the town. A sudden cloudburst had only just ended, and steaming snorts emitted from the winded mounts. From behind the edge of the bizarre leather mask that covered half of the leader’s face, a small smile of recognition curled on his chapped lips.
Tim Seibles|I wrote The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God in five hours, but I had it all planned out. It isn't poetry and it does not pretend to be, but it does what it sets out to do.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|This had been happening more and more often: the two of us come upon each other by accident in the early hours of the morning and take solace in each others' company, weathering out the peril of being awake at this time of night, when thoughts that are neatly ordered or justly murdered during the day come loose from their moorings and out of their graves, to tie themselves to each other in new and dangerous ways.
Tara Kelly, Amplified|Dave walked closer to me, his dark eyes combing my every move. "Do you always hold your guitar like that?"I dropped my pick. "Do you always shop at Hot Topic?
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|The purpose of prayer is that we get ahold of God, not of the answer.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Sword|[Nonviolence] is directed against forces of evil rather than against persons who happen to be doing the evil. It is evil that the nonviolent resister seeks to defeat, not the persons victimized by evil.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I now. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy. Doubt meets disbelief and disbelief tries to push it out. But disbelief is a poorly armed foot soldier. Doubt does away with it with little trouble. You become anxious. Reason comes to do battle for you. You are reassured. Reason is fully equipped with the latest weapons technology. But, to your amazement, despite superior tactics and a number of undeniable victories, reason is laid low. You feel yourself weakening, wavering. Your anxiety becomes dread.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|...Working for peace is never "a one man battle". It means when one person who does not want to work for it is present among others, he/she becomes "another work" for the passionate people to work on upon and this makes the entire work more difficult"!
DeWayne Owens, How to Get Rich on Purpose: Secrets to Prosperity and Controlling Your Destiny|Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Beauty is no dead thing. It is the manifestation of God in nature. There is not one object in nature untouched by man that is not beautiful, for God's manifestation is beauty. It shines through all His works, and not only in those that may give pleasure to man.
Davis Carlson|A failing grade does not denounce a child to fail in life. An IQ is what I would call an 'inadequate question', it may state our brain capacity or tell us how smart we are, but it does not predict our future. Happy Character Traits and positive Reinforcements will help a child succeed better than a number that means nothing
Orhan Pamuk|I wanted to tell a romantic and dark side of Ottoman history that was also slightly political, saying to the previous generation of writers, 'Look, I'm interested in Ottoman things, and I'm not afraid of it, and I'm doing something creative.'
Sunday Adelaja|Every minute, hour and hour that passes daily should be converted into product
Christina Hoff Sommers|I'd made my choice, though, and I couldn't take it back.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|I'm sorry, but dragons don't come in pink.
James Fox, White Mischief|If you are stealing something it’s better if it’s small and hideable or something you can eat quickly and be done with, like guavas. This way, people can’t see you with the thing to be reminded that you are a shameless thief and that you stole it from them, so I don’t know what the white people were trying to do in the first place, stealing not just a tiny piece but a whole country. Who can ever forget you stole something like that?
Joyce Carol Oates, A Fair Maiden|There’s a German term- heimweh, homesickness. It’s a powerful sensation, like a narcotic. A yearning from home, but for something more- a past self, perhaps. A lost self. When I first saw you on the street, Katya, I felt such a sensation… I have no idea why
Petra Remes|I like anything that is thought provoking and elevates one's consciousness to the highest and out of it's safety net, making one breathe aspiration.
Chris Hedges|The war began with words, but none of us paid any attention.'- Seka Milanovik
Becky Allen, Bound by Blood and Sand|And when we have power- when you have power, Jae, you'll need to decide what to do with it. What kind of person you want to be. If you want to be like them.
Jane Addams|Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings.
Akshay Vasu|Stay in my arms and look into my eyes, into that light which exists only because of you. You will find all the reasons to stay in this world which have the habit of breaking you every time.
Pamela Sue Perskin, Cult and Ritual Abuse: Its History, Anthropology, and Recent Discovery in Contemporary America, 2nd Edition|This monograph by Special Agent Ken Lanning (1992) is merely a guide for those who may investigate this phenomenon, as the title indicates, and not a study. The author is a well known skeptic regarding cult and ritual abuse allegations and has consulted on a number of cases but to our knowledge has not personally investigated the majority of these cases, some of which have produced convictions. p179[refers to Lanning, K. V. (1992)Investigator's guide to allegations of "ritual" child abuse. Quantico, VA: National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime.]
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Christmas is God deciding to become what He never had been, so that we can become what we never could be. And so, God does the most improbable thing imaginable. He orchestrates His own birth.
Cherie Blair|Ambition is an idol, on whose wings great minds are carried only to extreme; to be sublimely great or to be nothing.
Melanie Dickerson, The Noble Servant|And at last, the lonely young man who belonged to no one finally belonged to someone, forever, and the practical girl who would not settle for less than a love story for the ages found the lifelong romance she had yearned for all her life.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|First, our enemies were the natives, then they were the Nazis, then after a while it was the communists. Finally, at the pinnacle of what we’re calling civilization, our enemies are the Islamic terrorists. Our enemies seem to change over the course of history along with our ways of fighting them. But what hasn't changed is government profit; politicians and leaders seem to always be getting richer by the blood of our soldiers. Makes you wonder who the real enemy has been all this time.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|One peculiarity of our present [ethical] climate is that we care much more about our rights than about our 'good'. For previous thinkers about ethics, such as those who wrote the Upanishads, or Confucius, or Plato, or the founders of the Christian tradition, the central concern was the state of one's soul, meaning some personal state of justice or harmony. Such a state might include resignation or renunciation, or detachment, or obedience, or knowledge, especially self-knowledge. For Plato there could be no just political order except one populated by just citizens.... Today we tend not to believe that; we tend to think that modern constitutional democracies are fine regardless of the private vices of those within them. We are much more nervous talking about our good: it seems moralistic, or undemocratic, or elitist. Similarly, we are nervous talking about duty. The Victorian ideal of a life devoted to duty, or a calling, is substantially lost to us. So a greater proportion of our moral energy goes to protecting claims against each other, and that includes protecting the state of our soul as purely private, purely our own business.
Oswald Chambers|As the Greek said  "Many men know how to flatter  few men know how to praise."
William H. Armstrong|Do you believe that you really have a desire to learn, or would you, had you been left alone from birth, be totally primitive and beastlike in your thoughts and feelings?
Mordecai Richler, A Choice of Enemies|This Henry lived in Edinburgh, making him inaccessible and giving her something to do on the weekends — 'Oh, just flying up to Scotland, Henry's taking me fishing,' which is the kind of thing she imagined people doing in Scotland — she always thought of the Queen Mother, incongruous in mackintosh and waders, standing in the middle of a shallow brown river (somewhere on the outskirts of Brigadoon, no doubt) and casting a line for trout.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|The Beatles were bubblegum cards and Help at the Saturday morning cinema and toy plastic guitars and singing 'Yellow Submarine' at the top of my voice in the back row of the coach on school trips. They belong to me, not to me and Laura, or me and Charlie, or me and Alison Ashworth, and though they'll make me feel something, they won't make me feel anything bad.
Ufuoma Apoki|Smile at a friend, at a stranger, at an enemy, at life’s absurdities and the universe will smile back at you.
Jon Huntsman, Sr.|As aspiring athletes, you should never give up on your dreams. Just believe in yourself, and everything will be possible.
Ken Follett|Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not.
Dale Archer|As a dad, you are the Vice President of the executive branch of parenting. It doesn't matter what your personality is like, you will always be Al Gore to your wife's Bill Clinton. She feels the pain and you are the annoying nerd telling them to turn off the lights.
Maxwell Grantly|If your inner silence begins to wear a silk fruit; only then, the day will reveal to you its hidden secret.
Carmen Posadas, Little Indiscretions|In the kingdom of Iluji, a taboo was only a taboo when it has a non-participating witness. And in this land blanketed with darkness, secret was the code of every deed and the darkness was the only constant observing angel.
Justin Donner, i just woke up dead: a memoir|If those underlying conditions aren't treated, the return of those symptoms may cause us so much discomfort that we'll go back to using addictive drugs or alcohol to obtain relief. That's the primary reason there is such a high rate of relapse among people who have become dependent of alcohol and addictive drugs. It has little to do with alcohol and addiction themselves and almost everything to do with the original causes that created the dependency.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dragonbane|To them, eternal life beginsAnd God Himself shall wipe away all tears.
John Green, Let it Snow|But you can't just leave it at that!" said Anathema, pushing forward. "Think of all things you could do! Good things.""Like what?" said Adam suspiciously."Well... you could bring all the whales back, to start with."He put his head on one side. "An' that'd stop people killing them?"She hesitated. It would have been nice to say yes."An' if people do start killing 'em, what would you ask me to do about 'em?" said Adam. "No. I reckon I'm getting the hang of this now. Once I start messing around like that, there'd be no stoppin' it. Seems to me, the only sensible thing is for people to know if they kill a whale, they've got a dead whale.
Steve Repak, 6 Week Money Challenge: For Your Personal Finances|When you plant the seeds, wait patiently to see the ripen fruits.
Mel Edwards|Defeating depression is like playing the carnival game Whac-a-mole. You have to give it your all and be on target to beat that sucker down when it pops up again and again. If you pay attention, learn from your past efforts, and keep at it, you can win." -Mel. Edwards
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|You can't restore anything you've previously done, but you can face up to it. You can enlighten the reality. You can entreat forgiveness. And then let God decide and do the rest.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Without curiosity and passion, the world will seem to lack possibility and everything in life will appear pre-ordained. It is important for a person to spend the majority of the day pursuing their passionate interests and enlisting their innate inquisitiveness. Life is so much sweeter when we contemplate pleasant as opposed to distasteful thoughts. We feel most alive when we create an apt channel for our creative impulses, and engage in thoughtful discourse relating to our concordant values.
Howard Thurman, Jesus and the Disinherited|Above and beyond all else it must be borne in mind that hatred tends to dry up the springs of creative thought in the life of the hater, so that his resourcefulness becomes completely focused on the negative aspects of his environment. The urgent needs of the personality for creative expression are starved to death. A man's horizon may become so completely dominated by the intense character of his hatred that there remains no creative residue in his mind and spirit to give to great ideas, to great concepts.
Maya Angelou|When I look back, I am so impressed again with the life-giving power of literature. If I were a young person today, trying to gain a sense of myself in the world, I would do that again by reading, just as I did when I was young.
J. Drew Lanham, The Home Place: Memoirs of a Colored Man's Love Affair with Nature|Human colour is the colour I'm truly interested in, the colour of your humanity. May the size of your heart and the depth of your soul be your currency. welcome aboard my Good Ship. Let us sail to the colourful island of misex identity. You can eat from the cooking pot of mixed culture and bathe in the cool shade of being mixed-race. There is no need for a passport. There are no borders. We are all citizens of the world. Whatever shade you are, bring your light, bring your colour, bring your music and your books, your stories and your histories, and climb aboad. United as a people we are a million majestic colours, together we are a glorious stained-glass window. We are building a cathedral of otherness, brick by brick and book by book. Raise your glass of rum, let's toast to the minorities who are the majority. There's no stopping time, nor the blurring of lines or the blending of shades. With a spirit of hope I leave you now. I drink to our sameness and to our unique differences. This is the twenty-first century and we share this, we live here, in the future. It is a beautiful morning, it is first light on the time of being other, so get out from that shade and feel the warmth of being outside.You tick: Other.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|You’re mine,” he growled. He hoped she really understood that too. That she was his in every sense of the word. And vice versa. The female completely owned him. Until the day he died, he would be hers.
David Bentley Hart|Christianity has from its beginning portrayed itself as a gospel of peace, a way of reconciliation (with God, with other creatures), and a new model of human community, offering the 'peace which passes understanding' to a world enmeshed in sin and violence. (1)
Françoise Mauriac|The human creature, humiliated and offended in ways that are inconceivable to the mind and heart, defies the blind and deaf divinity.
Liz Phair|Deep down, creationists realize they will never win factual arguments with science. This is why they have construed their own science-like universe, known as Intelligent Design, and eagerly jump on every tidbit of information that seems to go their way.
Agatha Christie, Murder in the Mews|A statesman in these days has a difficult task. He has to pursue the policy he deems advantageous to his country, but he has at the same time to recognize the force of popular feeling. Popular feeling is very often sentimental, muddleheaded, and eminently unsound, but it cannot be disregarded for all that.
Chris Pavone, The Expats|Travel wasn't fun if you didn't get to see or do what you wanted; it was merely a different type of work, in a different place.
Raymond E. Feist, Exile's Return|If you turn from evil ways, you will be well.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Never lose faith, hope and courage.
John Keats, Ode on a Grecian Urn and Other Poems|Thou, silent form, dost tease us out of thoughtAs doth eternity...
Malcolm X|An English writer telephoned me from London, asking questions. One was, ‘What’s your alma mater?’ I told him, ‘Books.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|Do you know how when you're moving really fast in a car, and you're looking at the road, you get sick, but if you look at the trees you're fine? She's my trees, man.
Junot Díaz|Responding to a moderator at the Sydney Writers Festival in 2008 (video), about the Spanish words in his book:When all of us are communicating and talking when we’re out in the world, we’ll be lucky if we can understand 20 percent of what people say to us. A whole range of clues, of words, of languages escape us. I mean we’re not perfect, we’re not gods. But on top of that people mis-speak, sometimes you mis-hear, sometimes you don’t have attention, sometimes people use words you don’t know. Sometimes people use languages you don’t know. On a daily basis, human beings are very comfortable with a large component of communication, which is incomprehensibility, incomprehension. We tend to be comfortable with it. But for an immigrant, it becomes very different. What most of us consider normative comprehension an immigrant fears that they’re not getting it because of their lack of mastery in the language.And what’s a normal component in communication, incomprehension, in some ways for an immigrant becomes a source of deep anxiety because you’re not sure if it’s just incomprehension or your own failures. My sense of writing a book where there is an enormous amount of language that perhaps everyone doesn’t have access to was less to communicate the experience of the immigrant than to communicate the experience that for an immigrant causes much discomfort but that is normative for people. which is that we tend to not understand, not grasp a large part of the language around us. What’s funny is, will Ramona accept incomprehension in our everyday lives and will greet that in a book with enormous fury. In other words what we’re comfortable with out in the outside world, we do not want to encounter in our books.So I’m constantly, people have come to me and asked me… is this, are you trying to lock out your non-Dominican reader, you know? And I’m like, no? I assume any gaps in a story and words people don’t understand, whether it’s the nerdish stuff, whether it’s the Elvish, whether it’s the character going on about Dungeons and Dragons, whether it’s the Dominican Spanish, whether it’s the sort of high level graduate language, I assume if people don’t get it that this is not an attempt for the writer to be aggressive. This is an attempt for the writer to encourage the reader to build community, to go out and ask somebody else. For me, words that you can’t understand in a book aren’t there to torture or remind people that they don’t know. I always felt they were to remind people that part of the experience of reading has always been collective. You learn to read with someone else. Yeah you may currently practice it in a solitary fashion, but reading is a collective enterprise. And what the unintelligible in a book does is to remind you how our whole, lives we’ve always needed someone else to help us with reading.
Deyth Banger|Listening to podcast, reading a book, listening to an aduibook and watching films isn't waste of time. It's how somebody becomes wise!
Estella M. Chung, Living Artfully: At Home with Marjorie Merriweather Post|Music Is Arts, soul, Lifestyle and Spirits...
John Burnside, The Dumb House|Mountain lions are psychological animals, preying on the mind with secret eyes. They know that they still dominate, that they cannot be cornered without ripping their way out. They know that they are still the heart of firceness. Being pack animals ourselves, we humans have some alliance with other pack animals, like wolves or coyotes. When I see a free wolf, I feel as if we could sit down and talk, given that the details have been worked out. Not so with the cat. The cat speaks in symbols.
Ludwig von Mises, Liberalism|If one prevents a man from working for the good of society while at the same time providing for the satisfaction of his own needs, then only one way remains open to him: to make himself richer and others poorer by the violent oppression and spoliation of his fellow men.
Ingrid Newkirk|If I could have one prayer answered, I would pray for patience. I move so fast sometimes. I try to slow down.
Julia Roberts|Creative industries are more important than the car industry, luxury jewels, and fashion.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Sometimes, some lies that spoken with high confidencecould be more receptive than facts that spoken with doubt.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|There's a sorrow and pain in everyone's life, but every now and then there's a ray of light that melts the loneliness in your heart and brings comfort like hot soup and a soft bed.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|In the morning she found pieces of a birdchopped and scattered by the fanblood sprayed onto the mosquito net,its body leaving paths on the wallslike red snails that drifted down in lumps.She could imagine the featherswhile she had sleptfalling around herlike slow rain.
Erik Valeur, Det syvende barn|She considered compassion the highest virtue, but that night on Obstetric Ward B, it had had a twin sister whose face was invisible to Carla. The suffering women, however, had recognized it immediately: condemnation.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I guess that's how they were able to do it, in the way they did, all at once, without anyone knowing beforehand. If there had still been portable money, it would have been more difficult. "It was after the catastrophe, when they shot the president and machine-gunned the Congress and the army declared a state of emergency. They blamed it on the Islamic fanatics, at the time. "Keep calm, they said on television. Everything is under control. "I was stunned. Everyone was, I know that. It was hard to believe. The entire government, gone like that. How did they get in, how did it happen?"That was when they suspended the Constitution. They said it would be temporary. There wasn't even any rioting in the streets. People stayed at home at night, watching television, looking for some direction. There wasn't even an enemy you could point your finger at. ..."Newspapers were censored and some were closed down, for security reasons they said. The roadblocks began to appear, and Identipasses. Everyone approved of that, since it was obvious you couldn't be too careful.
G&A Security|Looking for manned guarding security supplier companies in Darlington or surrounding areas in the UK. Have a look on G&A Security, as we are leading supplier of all security related services including event security, static security, alarm & CCTV camera and more.
Ronald J. Sider, Rich Christians in an Age of Hunger: Moving from Affluence to Generosity|It is a sinful abomination for one part of the world's Christians to grow richer year by year while our brothers and sisters ache and suffer for lack of minimal health care, minimal education, and even—in some cases—enough food to escape starvation.
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|Find what you love to do, what you're good at and passionate about and then dedicate your entire life to working hard at it. I wil say it again. Work hard. I mean that. Even if you're not sure where that work will lead, even if it is underappreciated or undervalued. Do it because the satisfaction, pride, and sense of self that comes from a job well done; from being the very best at what you do; from knowing that you did this, will be your ulltimate weapon and our greatest shield in a life that will often test you. One day destiny may conspire to take everything away from you, but it can never take away the abilities you have cultivated. As I am sure your grandfather will tell you, your winning lottery ticket is your mind.
Ella Frank, Try|There is something immensely scary about putting yourself out there for people to love or hate you, fan or pan you, review or screw you.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|Yoga means addition - addition of energy, strength and beauty to body, mind and soul.
Melissa Milne, The Naughty Diet: The 10-Step Plan to Eat and Cheat Your Way to the Body You Want|Eat good food, keep moving, and let your body take care of the rest.
Jennifer Aniston|Poverty is not just a sad accident, but it's also a result of the fact that some people make a lot of money off low-income families and directly contribute to their poverty.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|If they don't give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.
Alexandra Robbins|We are involved in youth testing internationally. We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.
Brandi Salazar, Addicted to Magic|That guy with the silver hair, he’s your dad, right?” Amber questioned, surveying the scene. “Yes,” I said, reluctant to say anything but, considering what was happening, figured was the least of my worries. “Ooo la la. He’s, like, totally diesel. Look at those arms.” She went on, admiring my dad to a sickening degree. “All right, jailbait, back off. It’s practically incest.”She sucked air through her teeth. “I know,” she said regretfully. “But a girl can dream. And I have a feeling he’s going to be starring in a lot of them.
Jay Samit|If being a werewolf is really a curse, you've got to treat it honorably. If werewolves are going to carry on, there has to be an incredibly powerful force. There is the business of the craving, the hunger for the kill. It has to be deeply pleasurable and more than an appetite for meat. There has to be a sensual dimension to it.
Rick Riordan|I lost hope when I saw the horses’ teeth.As I got closer to the fence, I held my shirt over my nose to block the smell. One stallion waded through the muck and whinnied angrily at me. He bared his teeth, which were pointed like a bear’s.I tried to talk to him in my mind. I can do that with most h
Chris Matakas|Jiu Jitsu is a vehicle for self-discovery and growth. It reminds me of my ego, of my insecurities, and of my shortcomings.
Lauren Myracle, Kissing Kate|But if I didn't know Kate, then maybe I didn't know myself-and if was that not-knowing that made my gut clench. Like losing your balance, that whoosh of almost falling, before pulling yourself back in line.
Edgar Maass|How simple our Lord's word is, Love thy neighbor. Just think how that word has been twisted around, just because it's hard to love thy neighbor.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|Doubt is the act of challenging our beliefs. . . . This is an active, investigative doubt: the kind that inspires us to wander onto shaky limbs or out into left field; the kind that doesn't divide the mind so much as multiply it, like a tree in which there are three blackbirds and the entire Bronx Zoo. This is the doubt we stand to sacrifice if we can't embrace error—the doubt of curiosity, possibility, and wonder.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|I have no expectation that any man will read history aright who thinks that what was done in a remote age, by men whose names have resounded far, has any deeper sense than what he is doing today.
Jonathan R. Banks, A New World: The Science of Higher Dimensional Computation and Metaphysics|Looking ahead to future applications of electronics, [de Forest] grew even gloomier. He believed that 'electron physiologists' would eventually be able to monitor and analyze 'thought or brain waves', allowing 'joy and grief to be measured in define, quantitative unit.' Ultimately, he concluded, 'a professor may be able to implant knowledge into the reluctant brains of his 22nd century pupils. What terrifying political possibilities may be lurking there! Let us be thankful that such things are only for posterity, not for us.
Jessica Shirvington, Disruption|He was as obsequious as a Japanese ivy plant. Wringing his hands as if he hoped to squeeze the milk of human kindness from his fingernails, ...
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung my out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy. That will do to explain my secret, as well as the other. I've no more business to marry Edgar Linton than I have to be in heaven; and if the wicked man in there had not brought Heathcliff so low, I shouldn't have thought of it. It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he's handsome, but because he's more myself than I am. What ever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same; and Linton's is as different as a moonbeam from lightning, or frost from fire.'Ere this speech ended, I became sensible of Heathcliff's presence. Having noticed a slight movement, I turned my head, and saw him rise from the bench, and steal out noiselessly. He had listened till he heard Catherine say it would degrade her to marry him, and then he stayed to hear no further.
Tom DeLonge|Beauty is the lowest common denominator: I don't care what they say - every girl, every woman, wants to feel pretty and empowered and beautiful, within their own definition of beautiful. I love fashion, I love shopping, but I love beauty more because I love the science of it.
Dennis Rodman|In my books, women often solve the problem. Even if the woman is not the hero, she's a strong character. She does change the plot. She'll often rescue the male character from some situation.
Leonard Cohen, The Favorite Game|There's nothing you can do, Sirus. No one can do this for me, and no one can swoop in and rescue me every time I'm challenged. I have to do this on my own.
Robert Higgs|Nearly all libertarians were once conservatives or progressives or independent statists of some stripe. But scarcely any conservatives, progressives, or independent statists were once libertarians. This asymmetry in the direction of ideological migration is interesting and perhaps informative.
Lucy Grealy|Does something which exists on the edge have no true relevance to the stable center, or does it, by being on the edge, become a part of the edge and thus a part of the boundary, the definition which gives the whole its shape?
Andy Biersack|Early in the morning, I fell in love with the girl that later on became my wife. At that time, we were so naive. I wanted to charm her, so I read her Capital by Marx. I thought somehow she would be convinced by the strength of his criticism about capital.
St. Vincent|I like design, I like details, to me it is just another form of self-expression.
Mickey Rourke|Kathy Dewar, my high-school English teacher, introduced me to journalism. From the moment I wrote my first article for the student paper, I convinced myself that having my name in print - writing in English, interviewing Americans - validated my presence here.
Bradley Vinson|The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it's everywhere. The world's most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money.
Scarlett Thomas, Our Tragic Universe|A few years ago the Deists denied the inspiration of the Bible on account of its cruelty. At the same time they worshiped what they were pleased to call the God of Nature. Now we are convinced that Nature is as cruel as the Bible; so that, if the God of Nature did not write the Bible, this God at least has caused earthquakes and pestilence and famine, and this God has allowed millions of his children to destroy one another. So that now we have arrived at the question -- not as to whether the Bible is inspired and not as to whether Jehovah is the real God, but whether there is a God or not.
Richard Karn|To sit alone in the lamplight with a book spread out before you, and hold intimate converse with men of unseen generations - such is a pleasure beyond compare.
Bob Beauprez|Aretha Franklin was a teenage mom, a musician who came from an incredibly Christian background, but there was a lot of love, which is really inspiring in a feminist way.
J.D. Robb, Fantasy in Death|Did she know, could she know what it meant to him when she turned to him, when she opened herself to him like this? In absolute trust. Her strength, her valor remained a constant wonder to him, as did her unrelenting determination to defend those who could no longer defend themselves. These moments, when she allowed her vulnerabilities, her doubts, her fears to tremble to the surface compelled him to take care. In these moments he could show her it wasn’t just the warrior he loved, he treasured, but the woman, the whole of her. The dark and the light.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|The scariest, ugliest stories about in-home nursing usually are the result of nurses demonstrating a lack of professionalism, bad morals or a disregard for the child for whom they are providing care.
Judith Stone, Light Elements: Essays in Science from Gravity to Levity|Comedy to me has always seemed a social tightrope for the comedian. For all axioms intellectually sound the general public would prefer to be amused, but in those emotionally sound, it then chooses to get offended.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When you feel life at crossroads,you need higher perspective view.
Dave Matthes, Paradise City|To all the boys, for when you become men: you'll leave women all throughout your life because they're holding you back, and even after she's gone she'll still weigh you down. To all the women: stay away from us men. We don't know anything about you, despite what we try to convince you of.
Saru Singhal|If life is what you make it, the building blocks are your desire and your passion.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|From the tens of thousands of criminals I have mixed with behind bars and in the streets or have known of over the last three decades of my criminally active life, the Eighties, Nineties and Naughties, I have selected the crème de la crème of the toughest, maddest, hardest Scottish bastards that have ever drawn breath.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... In view of the violence of political power responsibility must always prevail. The only possible synthesis between conviction and responsibility is thus one in which passion is subordinated to responsibility, so that political responsibility is the primary value to be pursued with passion, thereby engendering what H. H. Bruun terms a 'responsible ethic of conviction.' Weber states: 'To be sure, mere passion, however genuinely felt, is not enough. It does not make a politician, unless passion as devotion to a "cause" also makes responsibility to this cause the guiding star of action.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Exactly," Jesus interrupted. "You imagine. Such a powerful ability, the imagination! That power alone makes you so like us. But without wisdom, imagination is a cruel task-master.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Far more important than the tribulations and heartaches, the thrills, merriment, and pleasures of life is what you learn from it all. It isn't the tunnel we pass through that matters, it's what emerges on the other side.
Andrew Clements|When I eat, I have to chop up everything on the plate and stir it all together. It devastates my mom. Everyone at the table is like, 'That looks like cat vomit.' And I stir my Coke with a spoon until it's flat.
E.M. Forster, The Machine Stops|You talk as if a god had made the Machine," cried the other. "I believe that you pray to it when you are unhappy. Men made it, do not forget that. Great men, but men. The Machine is much, but not everything.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|If you need help bark like a dog." - Gendry. "That's stupid. If I need help I'll shout help." - Arya
Ellen G. White|I think there ought to be a strict separation or wall built between our religious faith and our practice of political authority in office. I don't think the President of the United States should extoll Christianity if he happens to be a Christian at the expense of Judaism, Islam or other faiths.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|If only parents would listen! If only they would let us talk instead of forever and eternally and continuously harping and preaching and nagging and correcting and yacking, yacking, yacking! But they won’t listen! They simply won’t or can’t or don’t want to listen, and we kids keep winding up back in the same old frustrating, lost, lonely corner with no one to relate to either verbally or physically.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|At one time I had given much thought to why men were so very rarely capable of living for an ideal. Now I saw that many, no, all men were capable of dying for one.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Here I was, seeing you almost every week, and talking with you, and knowing that the only one in your heart was Kizuki. It hurt. It really hurt. And I think that's why I slept with girls I didn't know.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|He heard the voice that had called to him in dreams, had saved him from the sands and from following his brother into the river.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards. So when life is dragging you back with difficulties, it means that it's going to launch you into something great. So just focus, and keep aiming.
Robert A. Heinlein|[Joan C. Williams] Food has always been a class code, and since Alice Waters, the way to give an upper-middle class act is with food that is fresh and local...The class code of the upper-middle class literally links morality and political virtue with certain forms of high-intensity food-preparation activities.
Nikki Turner|She'd decided long ago that life was a long journey. She would be strong and she would be weak, and both would be okay.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|True friendship is counted in memories, experiences, and troubles shared; it's a bond built up over time in person, not a virtual tally on the Internet. It finds you; you don't find it.
Bertrand Russell, In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays|I want to say, in all seriousness, that a great deal of harm is being done in the modern world by belief in the virtuousness of work, and that the road to happiness and prosperity lies in an organised diminution of work.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Auliq-Ice|Protecting our environment is not a luxury we can choose to enjoy, but a simple matter of survival.
Germany Kent|You become what you digest into your spirit. Whatever you think about, focus on, read about, talk about, you’re going to attract more of into your life. Make sure they're all positive.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|If you ignore the red flags, embrace the heartache to come.
Gennaro F. Vito, Criminology: Theory, Research, and Policy|But I did it! That's the thing—I did it! What will my father say when he hears I murdered a man? Lorna, I see what I did. I murdered myself, too! I've been running around in circles. Now I'm smashed!
Ruth Padel, In and Out of the Mind: Greek Images of the Tragic Self|This little boy playing next to me is an intellectual mass of cells - better yet, he's a clockwork of subatomic movements, a strange electrical conglomeration of millions of solar systems in minature. [58, Zenith trans.]
Ken Kesey|Our Narcissistic Mother told us a Big Lie. She told it subliminally if not in actual words. And The Big Lie was this: If we tried hard enough we could win her approval and her love. If we were good enough, or wise enough, or beautiful enough, or that-magical-unspecified-ingredient enough. In other words, if we achieved perfection, she would love us.
Janet Malcolm, The Journalist and the Murderer|How the press, for example, loves to brag to its victims— its readers—about its freedom. Yes, the press may be free to lie and distort and suppress and deceive and malign, but is it free to tell the truth?
YUI|Dad, is she serious?"John shrugged. "I argue with your Mama, I sleep on the couch and she doesn't feed me. So i dont argue with your mama.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Has it ever occurred to you that the last thought before your falling asleep at night becomes the first thought on waking up in the morning? All night long, while you remain asleep, the thought stays within you in a seed form. And so, that which is the last thing at night becomes first in the morning. At the moment of your death all your desires will come together and become a seed. That very seed will consequently be the new life in the womb. You start fresh from where you left off.Whatsoever you are is of your own making. Don’t blame others. As a matter of fact, there is no one whom you can blame. Basically it is the cumulative effect of your own actions. Whatsoever you are – beautiful or ugly, happy or unhappy, man or a woman – it is all a result of your actions. You are the architect of your life. Don’t blame on your stars – you’ll be simply fooling yourself. This way you are dumping the responsibility on to someone else.No need to say God has sent you – don’t dump the responsibility on God. That’s just a strategy to avoid your own responsibility. You alone are the cause for being imprisoned in this body. One who understands perfectly that he himself is responsible for being in this world, a transformation takes place in his life.
Heather Dixon, Entwined|Mr. Bradford," she said. "I'm not going to propose to you."The twinkle in Mr. Bradford's eyes faded. So did his smile. He managed to keep it on his face. It looked painful."Oh," he said."Mr. Bradford?""Yes?""Would you mind it so very much if...you know...you proposed to me?"The light in Mr. Bradford's eyes jumped to life. He beamed so largely it almost wasn't crooked."If you want.
M.J. Scott, Fire Kin|A mystery." He smiled, his teeth a white gleam in the shadowed face. "I like mysteries.""Don't you have enough to do without going looking for trouble?""I especially like mysteries that involve trouble.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|You'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile.
Marjorie M. Liu, Hunter Kiss|I’m too much a man for hysterics.”Liu, Marjorie M. (2009-01-20). Hunter Kiss: A Companion Novella to The Iron Hunt and Darkness Calls (A Hunter Kiss Novella) (Kindle Locations 355-356). Penguin Group US. Kindle Edition.
Philip Sington, The Valley of Unknowing|All writers are insecure, the male ones especially. It's well known. Why else would they spend so much time on make-believe? They're only happy in their imaginary worlds, because that's where they're in charge - where they're God. Did you know that Hemingway's mother dressed him as a girl until he was six years old?"I was not offended by Claudia's glib psychological theory. Like many glib psychological theories, it struck me as fundamentally correct.
Saaif Alam|Jean and I had, as I think a great many best friends have, a secret make-believe world of our own. We had only to say, 'Let's be Lilian and Diana,' and, as though it was a magical formula, step straight into a world that was as real to us as the world of school and parents and cornflakes for breakfast. . . . In the summer after my father retired, Jean came to stay with me in North Devon. On the first morning, we retired to the rustic summerhouse. 'Let's be Lilian and Diana . . .'But the magic formula no longer worked. We tried and tried; but we could only _act_ Lilian and Diana; we could not _be_ them any more. I suppose the break had been too long, and we were just too old. We went on trying for days, searching for the way in. But it was like searching for the lost door to a lost country. Finally, without anything actually being said between us, we gave up and turned to other things. But with Lilian and Diana, something of Jean and Rosemary had gone too: left behind the lost door to the lost country. It was one of the saddest experiences of my young life.
Yehuda Berg|We should all aspire in life to do a multitude of things well - to be a great father, to be a good husband, to be a good lover, you know, to try to do things the best you can is very important to me.
Shannon Hale, Palace of Stone|Miri took genuine comfort in studying Mathematics that day. She could sort numbers into two simple ideas: true and not true. Unlike numbers, words were rarely just one thing. They moved and changed, camouflaging and leaping out unexpectedly. Words were slippery and alive; words wrestled out of her grip and became something new. Words were dangerous.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|You see parents as kind or unkind or happy or miserable or drunk or sober or great or near-great or failed the way you see a table square or a Montclair lip-read. Kids today... you kids today somehow don't know how to feel, much less love, to say nothing of respect. We're just bodies to you. We're just bodies and shoulders and scarred knees and big bellies and empty wallets and flasks to you. I'm not saying something cliché like you take us for granted so much as I'm saying you cannot... imagine our absence. We're so present it's ceased to mean. We're environmental. Furniture of the world.
Jeffrey Archer|Haven't you ever happened to come across in a book some vague notion that you've had, some obscure idea that returns from afar and that seems to express completely your most subtle feelings?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You must remember that you cannot form your character in a moment, my dear. Character is a plant of slow growth and the seeds must be planted early.
Cody McGuire|The human heart needs only the bare elements to survive, the human brain wants to the limitlessness of tolerance. Finding yourself is a matter of pitching your tent in the middle.
Emma  Hart, The Right Moves| 'Everything is temporary. Nothing lasts. We're born. We die. Life's all about loss and change. Things happen, we learn to adapt or we don't, but we move on in some way or another. Sometimes that's hard and takes longer than we'd like.' 
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|But man is a fickle and disreputable creature and perhaps, like a chess-player, is interested in the process of attaining his goal rather than the goal itself.
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|I drag the body out into the snowdrifts, as far away from our shack as I can muster. I put her in a thicket of trees, where the green seems to still have a voice in the branches, and try not to think about the beasts that’ll soon be gathering. There’s no way of burying her; the ground is a solid rock of ice beneath us.I kneel beside her and want desperately to weep. My throat tightens and my head aches. Everything hurts inside. But I have no way of releasing it. I’m locked up and hard as stone.“I’m sorry, Mamma,” I whisper to the shell in front of me. I take her hand. It could belong to a glass doll. There’s no life there anymore. So I gather rocks, one by one, and set them over her, trying my best to protect her from the birds, the beasts, keep her safe as much as I can now. I pile the dark stones gently on her stomach, her arms, and over her face, until she becomes one with the mountain. I stand and study my work, feeling like the rocks are on me instead, then I leave the body for the forest and ice.
Veronica Purcell, In Anwar's Care|If I let a gust of wind or a sprinkling of rain turn me aside from the easy tasks, what preparation would such sloth be for the future I propose myself?
Teena Marie|I may not be where I want to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be.
Tom Petty|Obamacare is not about improved health care or cheaper insurance or better treatment or insuring the uninsured, and it never has been about that. It's about statism. It's about expanding the government. It's about control over the population. It is about everything but health care.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Value your parabatai," he said. "For it is a precious bond. All love is precious. It is why we do what we do. Why do we fight demons? Why are they not fit custodians of this world? What makes us better? It is because they do not build, but destroy. They do not love, but hate only. We are human and fallible, we Shadowhunters. But if we did not have the capability to love, we could not guard humans; we must love to guard them. My parabatai, he loved like few ever could love, with all and everything. I see you are like that too; it burns more brightly in you than the fire of Heaven
Criss Jami|So the paradox goes: No man who is really ignorant is ever aware that he is ignorant. That is its finest, most faulty manifestation; there can be no true ignorance without first some claim of intelligence or consciousness, or superiority or enlightenment.
Jon Bon Jovi|My moms always told me, 'How long you gonna play the victim?' I can say I'm mad and I hate everything, but nothing really changes until I change myself.
Tad Williams, Sea of Silver Light|After all, is it not the way we humans shape the universe, shape time itself? Do we not take the raw stuff of chaos and impose a beginning, middle, and end on it, like the simplest and most profound of folktales, to reflect the shapes of our own tiny lives? And if the physicists are right, that the physical world changes as it is observed, and we are its only known observers, then might we not be bending the entire chaotic universe, the eternal, ever-active Now, to fit that familiar form?
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus|Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|Raising a child is a time of RAPID CHANGE! From the ages of 0 to 19, a PARENT can age over 30 years!
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|He would sit down and consider the situation carefully. Not only did this help to identify the solution to the problem, but it also gave him the opportunity to remind himself that things were not really as bad as they seemed; it was all a question of perspective. Sitting down and looking up at the sky for a few minutes--not at any particular part of the sky, but just at the sky in general--at the vast, dizzying, empty sky of Botswana, cut human problems down to size.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Gospel of Jesus Christ is not anti-intellectual. It demands the use of [the] mind, but the mind is affected by sin.
Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.|The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource, adding color and suspense to all our life.
Ansul Noor|Only when we are thrust into the deepest and most terrible corner of life, do we see our real friends emerge from the shadows , one by one- shining the light of comfort and hope. Those are the ONLY friends that matter.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If only you are patient, you will overcome any situation.
Katy Perry|Democracy... is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder; and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|Humans and their governments have effectively neutered the population to the point that they're just skinbags, mouth-breathers and pseudo-intellectuals repeating political, religious or academic rhetoric that they don't even understand!
Don Sutton|Intense, sustained focus fuels manifestation.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|Islam influences every aspect of believers’ lives. Women are denied their social and economic rights in the name of Islam, and ignorant women bring up ignorant children. Sons brought up watching their mother being beaten will use violence. Why was it racist to ask this question? Why was it antiracist to indulge people’s attachment to their old ideas and perpetuate this misery? I read the works of the great thinkers of the Enlightenment—Spinoza, Locke, Kant, Mill, Voltaire—and the modern ones, Russell and Popper,with my full attention, not just as a class assignment. All life is problem solving, Popper says. There are no absolutes; progress comes through critical thought. Popper admired Kant and Spinoza but criticized them when he felt their arguments were weak. I wanted to be like Popper: free of constraint, recognizing greatness but unafraid to detect its flaws.Spinoza was clear-minded and fearless. He was the first modern European to state clearly that the world is not ordained by a separate God. Nature created itself, Spinoza said. Reason, not obedience, should guide our lives. Though it took centuries to crumble, the entire ossified cage of European social hierarchy—from kings to serfs, and between men and women, all of it shored up by the Catholic Church—was destroyed by this thought. Now, surely, it was Islam’s turn to be tested.
Terry Pratchett, Raising Steam|The coach passed by many buildings of this sort, which would no doubt be little palaces to the occupants, who had escaped from Cockbill Street and Pigsty Hill and all the other neighbourhoods where people still dreamed that they could ‘better themselves’, an achievement that might be attained, oh happy day, when they had ‘a little place of their own’. It was an inspiring dream, if you didn’t look too deeply into words like mortgage and repayments and repossession and bankruptcy, and the lower middle classes of Ankh-Morpork, who saw themselves as being trodden on by the class above and illegally robbed by the one below, lined up with borrowed money to purchase, by instalments, their own little Oi Dong
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|March out of the common line; make bold steps ahead and dance to the tune of a sweeter, better and nicer tone of your own music. March out of the tiny box!
Bradley Wiggins|Many times, my intuition wins. I trust my intuition a lot. A lot.
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|He had never imagined so clearly the consequences of mailing a letter—the impossibility of retrieving it from the iron mouth of the box; the inevitability if its steady progress through the postal system; the passing from bag to bag and postman to postman until a lone man in a van pulls up to the door and pushes a small pile through the letterbox. It seemed suddenly horrible that one's words could not be taken back, one's thoughts allowed none of the remediation of speaking face to face.
Billy Graham|The great commandment is that we preach the gospel to every creature, but neither God nor the Bible says anything about forcing it down people's throats.
Tom McNeal, To Be Sung Underwater|Jesus told us to make disciples, not decisions.
Jacqueline Woodson, Another Brooklyn|Give the reader what they want, just not the way they expect it.
Anthony Liccione|On the whole men are more good than bad; that, however, isn't the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue; the most incorrigible vice being that of an ignorance which fancies it knows everything and therefore claims for itself the right to kill. The soul of the murderer is blind; and there can be no true goodness nor true love without the utmost clear-sightedness.
Vladimir Alexandrov, The Black Russian|If the first job one has in a given profession acts as a tuning fork for the career that follows, Frederick Thomas was attuned from the start to a pitch of the highest quality.
Sunday Adelaja|Devotion to goal, knowing your purpose and calling helps you go through pain, hindrance and crisis
Eddie Trunk|A smartphone is a computer - it's not built using a computer - the job it does is the job of being a computer. So, everything we say about computers, that the software you run should be free - you should insist on that - applies to smart phones just the same. And likewise to those tablets.
Ronnie Shanks|I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?
Deyth Banger|Never split up, better together than one by one to die!
Anna Bloom|Roger that, Lieutenant. We're boots to the ground. You need firepower?"Walker shook his head at the man's enthusiasm. "No firepower necessary. We're using brains today, Cudahy. I know it may be a novel experience for you four, but it's a good time to start.
Nikki Rowe|And even if you cared what they had to say, would you act upon their opinions and create your life from it? No. Than stop replaying their toxic words in your head, it's no good for your being and start doing the things that once made you, you.
Jill Shalvis|She was thinking of his mouth on hers. Which seemed only fair since he’d given a lot of thought to the same thing.“’Night,” she whispered.“Night,” he whispered back.And yet neither of them moved.
Carrie Jones, Entice|You will be a great queen when you come back, you know. And someday you'll love me the way you love your wolf.
Kelly L. Miller|If you worry yourself to death over the struggle, you will never experience the good life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Everything you do matters. Every time you share and care, the light multiplies.
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|Oh, Claire," he said. "You think me a far better man than I am. That's kind, and flattering." "Are you saying that you -""Doughnuts!" Myrnin interrupted her and darted away, to zip back in seconds with an open box.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|Keep your head down, Edward. Those that see too much quickly find themselves seeing nothing at all.
Ann McLane Kuster|It has been my honor to support and work with President Barack Obama, a man who has brought courage and character to the presidency. President Obama's strength of character leads him to do the right thing, even when it isn't the easy thing.
Hopal Green|You are right, I do fall down a lot. But that wouldn’t be true if I never stood back up.
Michael Bronski, A Queer History of the United States|Full citizenship was, and to a large degree still is, predicated on keeping 'unacceptable' behavior private. This complicated relationship between the public and private is at the heart of LGBT history and life today.
Ashley Mae Hoiland, One Hundred Birds Taught Me to Fly: The Art of Seeking God|What I want to tell you as you read these stories is that I both found and lost God a hundred times over. In fact, maybe I've never actually found God at all, but imagining that I have indeed found something so much larger and more beautiful than I can explain is more often enough for me.
E.E. Knight, Dragon Avenger|Lollipops and raindropsSunflowers and sun-kissed daisiesRolling surf and raging seaSailing ships and submarinesOld Glory and “purple mountain’s majesty”Screaming guitar and lilting rhymeFlight of fancy and high-steppin’ dancesSet free my mind to wander…Imagine the ant’s marching journeys.Fly, in my mind’s eye, on butterfly wings.Roam the distant depths of space.Unfurl tall sails and cross the ocean.Pictures made just to enthrallCreating images from my truthPainting hopes and dreams on my canvasCapturing, through my lens, the ephemeralLet me ruminate ‘pon sensual darkness…Tremble o’er Hollywood’s fluttering Gothics…Ride the edge of my seat with the hero…Weep with the heroine’s desperation.Yet… more than all these things…Give me words spun out masterfully…Terms set out in meter and rhyme…Phrases bent to rattle the soul…Prose that always miraculously inspires me!The trill runs up my spine, as I recall…A touch… a caress…a whispered kiss…Ebony eyes embracing my soul…Two souls united in beat of hearts.A butterfly flutter in my wombMy lover’s wonder o’er my swellingThe testament of our love given lifeNewly laid in my lover’s armsLuminous, sweet ebony eyesJust so much like his father’sA gaze of wonder and contentmentFrom my babe at mother’s breastWords of the Divine set down for meFaith, Hope, Love, and CharityGrace, Mercy, and undeserved Salvation“My Shepherd will supply my need”These are the things that inspire me.
Robbie Thomas|Choosing to love, in spite of all its complexities, is the only freedom there is.
Zarina Bibi|I was hypnotized and I made a wish to be the slave of Satan. My desire was so strong that I could get easily persuaded, now I realize, the wish I made had given me pleasure-a-bubble. I am awakened. I saw the devil's real face.. He is horrible, I hate him.. But I chose to be his slave.. I made my choice. I am sorry beautiful life.. I was a slave to my desires.. Am a slave to devil.. ~ The Chronicles of my Paranoiac Heeds..!
Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project|If you really love someone,' Claudia continued, 'you have to be prepared to accept them as they are. Maybe you hope that one day they get a wake-up call and make the changes for their own reasons.
Brian W. Matthews, Forever Man|They lied, you know,” said Cpl. Allan Richmond. He hugged thewall next to Owens. Beside him, PFC Bucky Hatton crouched low, aBrowning 1911 semiautomatic gripped tightly in his hand.“Who?” asked Bart, glad to be out of the wind and rain, even if itwas only for a short time.“The assholes who said France was beautiful.
Henry James, The Middle Years|We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion, and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
Stephen King, The Stand|A man who doubts himself shouldn't have to try too hard for too long, not until he's seasoned.
Pamela Anderson|Just coming from a musical family, I was always surrounded by it. On the car rides to school, my mom loved playing A Tribe Called Quest and the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,' and then my dad was listening to a lot of Bill Withers and Stevie Wonder.
Henry Cloud|As someone very sagely said during the parricide trials of the Menendez Brothers: anytime your kids kill you, you are at least partly to blame.
King Solomon Son of David|When I applied my mind to know wisdom and to observe the labor that is done on earth—people getting no sleep day or night-- then I saw all that God has done. No one can comprehend what goes on under the sun. Despite all their efforts to search it out, no one can discover its meaning. Even if the wise claim they know, they cannot really comprehend it.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|To gain wisdom you must be willing to invest time, energy, and money in your personal development.
Nikos Kazantzakis|What is love?It's not empathy, nor kindness.Empathy takes two, the one who hurts and the one who empathizes.Kindness takes two, the one who gives and the one who takes.But love takes just one.The two get together into one.They don't separate.The "I" and the "you" disappear.I LOVE MEANS I DISAPPEAR..
Gary Rohrmayer|Each thought we think and thought we have resonate in the world around us. They can strengthen and dissipate a field of energy that surrounds and affects us. We are surrounded by webs of energy, each of which has various paths of descent and ascent through its own fields and web structures that connect to others.
Ben Okri|We walk until there aren't more houses, all the way to the part of the beach where the current makes the waves come in then rush back out so that the two waves clash, water casting up like a geyser. We watch that for a while and then Scottie says, "I wish Mom was here." I'm thinking the exact same thought. That's how you know you love someone, I guess, when you can't experience anything without wishing the other person were there to see it, too. Every day I kept track of anecdotes, occurrences, and gossip, bullet-pointing the news in my head and even rehearsing my stories before telling them to Joanie in bed at night.
Dick Gephardt|If only I wasn't an atheist, I could get away with anything. You'd just ask for forgiveness and then you'd be forgiven. It sounds much better than having to live with guilt.
Stanley Fish, How to Write a Sentence: And How to Read One|The invisibility factor of women in this industry is not unlike the invisibility of girl geeks. We know we exist, but everyone else seems to think we’re an enigma every time they get the notion to write about us and what we apparently want. What we want isn’t any different than what anyone wants. Good stories. With characters we can relate to or identify with or that are interesting to read about. And we’d like to feel welcome, not the perpetual other. We don’t want to feel excluded or like props in every narrative. We don’t want or need every story to be about a girl character. But we’d like them to be treated with the same care and attention male characters are. And it is possible, even in male dominated narratives.
Shaun Messick|Almost two hundred sixty-six years ago on my home world, Earth, my forefathers did the same thing. They declared their independence and free agency from an enemy that oppressed them. No one at that time expected this rebellion force to win the war. They were severely outnumbered, and they were extremely inexperienced compared to their enemy. Despite those odds, they succeeded in winning the war, giving them their independence and freewill to choose. (Adrian Palmer, Worlds Without End: The Mission)
Christina Dodd, Love Never Dies|So you know you're a ghost?"I looked at my hands; they were transparent and glowed faintly. "Can you think of another explanation?
Orson Scott Card, Enchantment|It's as if every conversation with a woman was a test, and men always failed it, because they always lacked the key to the code and so they never quite understood what the conversation was really about.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Through sincere Thankfulness, the incredibly difficult struggles of my yesterday, have been transformed into the“Good ol’ Days” upon which I can now Peacefully reflect .
Philip Pullman, Fairy Tales from the Brothers Grimm: A New English Version|Stories,' the green-eyed Sigrid said, unperturbed, 'are like prayers. It does not matter when you begin, or when you end, only that you bend a knee and say the words.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|The simplest truth about man is that he is a very strange being; almost in the sense of being a stranger on the earth. In all sobriety, he has much more of the external appearance of one bringing alien habits from another land than of a mere growth of this one. He cannot sleep in his own skin; he cannot trust his own instincts. He is at once a creator moving miraculous hands and fingers and a kind of cripple. He is wrapped in artificial bandages called clothes; he is propped on artificial crutches called furniture. His mind has the same doubtful liberties and the same wild limitations. Alone among the animals, he is shaken with the beautiful madness called laughter; as if he had caught sight of some secret in the very shape of the universe hidden from the universe itself. Alone among the animals he feels the need of averting his thought from the root realities of his own bodily being; of hiding them as in the presence of some higher possibility which creates the mystery of shame.
L.M. Elliott, Annie, Between the States|Poetry, plays, novels, music, they are the cry of the human spirit trying to understand itself and make sense of our world.
Alan W. Watts|To travel is to be alive, but to get somewhere is to be dead.
Nicolas Billon, Fault Lines: Greenland – Iceland – Faroe Islands|I just got my signals crossed. First thing, I have to untangle the connections. Otherwise, I come away empty-handed. Or with someone else's hands. Or even with a missing hand.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature|She was a nice person, she really was, until someone ignorant decided to force that ignorance in her face, and then she just couldn't hold back.
Avijeet Das|Either I love someone completely, totally and madly or not at all!
Chris Rose|June 17, 1972. Nine o'clock Saturday morning. Early for the telephone. Woodward fumbled for the receiver and snapped awake. The city editor of the Washington Post was on the line. Five men had been arrested earlier that morning in a burglary attempt at Democratic headquarters, carrying photographic equipment and electronic gear. Could he come in?
William Kean Seymour, The Cats of Rome: New and Selected Poems|Stop focusing on what you don’t want; it’s a tremendous waste of time and energy. Instead, start focusing on what you do want. This is the only way to create a plan of action which will enable you to experience the life you envision.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|The evidence never seemed to matter to those in power, who had already made up their minds and did what people typically do when their worldview is threatened by new data: they attacked the messenger.
Pablo Neruda, Regalo de un Poeta|I have been one acquainted with the night.I have walked out in rain - and back in rain.I have outwalked the furthest city light.I have looked down the saddest city lane.I have passed by the watchman on his beatAnd dropped my eyes, unwilling to explain.
Winston S. Churchill|It's no use saying, "We are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|A Master Jedi feels emotions, but they do not allow them to influence their reasoning. Yoda told Luke that he would know the good from the bad when he was 'calm, at peace.
Jane Austen, Lady Susan|I shall ever despise the man who can be gratified by the passion which he never wished to inspire, nor solicited the avowal of.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|He was always the bridge, between men as well as between ideas.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, be loving, caring, kind, and above all, be happy.
Penn Jillette|Computers absolutely changed my life. Before I had a computer, I had never written one thing. Not one thing. I'm a very bad speller and I was embarrassed by that. When I would type, the little mistakes would make me nutty, and I would never edit anything.
Donna Lynn Hope|Read what you like, not what you're told to like. That way you'll read for a lifetime.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Those who work hard and constantly seek to be visible to their superiors, those who showcase their hard work, are the ones who advance to positions of greater power and responsibility.
Leonard Cohen, The Future|There is a crack, a crack, in everything. That's how the light gets in.
Geraldine Brooks, Caleb's Crossing|We can't go back, Alexa", he said. " We can't go back once we've started growing up, and the world can't be made simple again.
Michael Muhammad Knight, Journey to the End of Islam|By imitating the manners and the mode of life of the West,the Muslims are being gradually forced to adopt the Western moral outlook: for the imitation of outward appearance leads,by degrees, to a corresponding assimilation of the world-view responsible for that appearance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the reality looks magnificent, a real art of photography has only one choice: To capture this beauty magnificently!
Josephine Angelini, Witch's Pyre|I'm trying to do what's right, but I don't know if there is a such a thing as a right option anymore. Just different kids of wrong."Breakfast narrowed his eyes at her. "Don't get too comfortable with that notion.
Faith Gibson|AS for jerk-off... I just done it...... as for now it has happen something... Dexter will marry his sister... wtf... wtf... wtf- Secrets- Mysteries- Nonsense.... looking there and there and there and soona and kiss comes,..... wtf it's really fucked up.... oh it was a dream.... god safe me from that sin.- I am not a sinister!
Wendell Berry, The Gift of Good Land: Further Essays Cultural and Agricultural|The Sun is bad enough even while he is single, drying up our marshes with his heat as he does. But what will become of us if he marries and and begets other suns?
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Have you ever walked along a beach? You walk towards something in the distance. For the longest while it never seems to get any closer even though you are walking and walking. Then all of a sudden, you are there. You’ve arrived at last. That's what grief is like. Meanwhile we are running with you in the spray of the surf at the edge of the shore where the sand meets the sea. We are cheering you on.
Thomas MacDonagh|Every writer on this planet THINKS he is a great writer (why waste your entire life writing when you believe you are mediocre?) but its deemed socially unacceptable to actually speak out such thoughts. So, modesty is always a public concept and not an inner one. For that reason alone 'modesty' can actually be said to be the product of a large ego, for the ego is primarily concerned with survival and society rewards this dishonesty and tends to punish honesty (see Camus)
Cyrese Covelli, Bloodcharm|Simple and predictable seem pretty darn tantalizing when you’re a witch.Lately, I’ve wished for a lot of things to be the way they were. Gone are my lustfor the macabre and the sweetly sinful fantasies of meeting a vampire. Somethingabout unconscious people slumped against the dark leather of the booths atcrimson made it less sexy.
Albert Einstein, Einstein on Politics: His Private Thoughts and Public Stands on Nationalism, Zionism, War, Peace and the Bomb|I have found that there are two ways of dealing with men. Either you treat them with respect, or you kill them. Anything in between merely breeds resentment and the desire for revenge.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|It seems some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams " haha
Miguel Syjuco|Medical attention and emotional support can be difficult to obtain for those in need, yet both are essential to nurturing healthy futures year round and especially during the holiday season.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|The problem in our society and in our schools is to inclulcate, without overdoing it, the notion of education, as in the Latin educere--to lead, to bring out what is in someone rather than merely to indoctrinate him/her from the outside. (89)
Langston Hughes|I've found that the people who play villains are the nicest people in the world, and people who play heroes are jerks. It's like people who play villains work out all their problems on screen, and then they're just really wonderful people.
Angie karan|I felt so damn happy all of a sudden, the way old Phoebe kept going around and around. I was damn near bawling, I felt so damn happy, if you want to know the truth.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|Our home tells a story about us, so we may as well take the opportunity to make it a stylish one.
Jessica  Taylor, A Map for Wrecked Girls|She ran a streak of foundation under each eye, highlighter down the bridge of her nose, and bronzer beneath each cheekbone—a layer of armor before battle. Because that’s what these parties were to her, a war on all the heartbreaking boys in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Lionel Suggs|For it wasn't the secret--the secret that wasn't a secret anyway--that led to austerity in our lives. It was the austerity that led to the secret. And what I had been marked by, probably most of all, was the austerity. It had made secrets in my life too. Or silences, anyway, that became secrets. That became lies.
Orson Welles, My Lunches with Orson|Women are another race. They are always changing, like the moon. You can only win by being the cool center of their being. You have to represent something solid and loving. The anchor. Even if you are not. You can't tell them the truth. You have to lie and play games. I’ve never in my entire life been with someone with whom I didn’t have to play a game. I've never been with anyone with whom I could be exactly who I am.
Jack Ma|All good is hard. All evil is easy. Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy. Stay away from easy.
Phil Cousineau|Inspiration comes and goes, creativity is the result of practice.
Carla Jo Masterson|Love does not cost anything. Kind words and deeds do not cost anything. The real beauty of the world is equal for everyone to see. It was given by God equally to all, without restrictions. Everyone, was given a beautiful vehicle in which to express love to others. Feelings are free to express and give to ourselves and each other through our willingness to give and care. What is complicated about this... Why have we made others feel they have to climb mountains and swim oceans in order to make a difference. All we need to understand my friends, is that human life was given equally to us all, not partially but in totality. The sun was given to all. It does not shine on the few. So, just has nature is indifferent to our station or situation, we need to know that we are all equal. We need to focus on the things that are constant and not place our values on things that can be blown away with the next, great, wind.Value life in what ever house it dwells. For when it comes time that we are all stripped to bare bones before the divine and facing eternity, we will understand that the only law we were meant to follow, was to love ourselves and each other. Nothing more...nothing less.
Linda Byler, Running Around (And Such)|We now demand glamour and fast-flowing dramatic action. A generation of Christians reared among push buttons and automatic machines is impatient of slower and less direct methods of reaching their goals...The tragic results of this spirit all all about us: shallow lives, hollow religious philosophies...the glorification of men, trust is religious externalities....salesmanship methods, the mistaking of dynamic personality for the power of the Spirit. These and such of these are the symptoms of an evil disease.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|In Advaita Vedanta, and in many other ancient wisdom traditions, the world is said to be an illusion. This illusion is commonly referred to as maya, a Sanskrit name which refers to the apparent, or objective reality which is superimposed on the ultimate reality in order to generate the phenomena of what we call the material world. Maya is the magic by which we create duality—by which we create two worlds from one. This creation is an illusory creation—it is not real—it is an imaginary manifestation of the one Universal Consciousness, appearing as all of the various phenomena in objective reality. Maya is God’s, or Consciousness’s, creative power of emptying or reflecting itself into all things and thus creating all things—the power of subjectivity to take on objective appearance.
Laura Lippman, I'd Know You Anywhere|If my efforts have led to greater success than usual, this is due, I believe, to the fact that during my wanderings in the field of medicine, I have strayed onto paths where the gold was still lying by the wayside. It takes a little luck to be able to distinguish gold from dross, but that is all.
Robert Orben|In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative; fight, flee - or laugh.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to think about the month, you need to plan the day, you need to take your elephant and divide into pieces and eat a slice a day
John M Sheehan|Bowing His head, this lover of my soul bleed for that last time glorified in the death of my sins; alive evermore in the loving forgiveness of one like me.
Woodrow Wilson|You are not here merely to making a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The faithfulness of the Lord is so great that no mind can comprehend it, no hand can fold it, no mouth can describe it and no experience can compete with it. All that our hearts will need, His hands will provide!
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|He doesn't have anything like wisdom of age or hindsight. He's a biased historian of self, an emotional revisionist. We all are, for the most part.
Neil Gaiman|People think dreams aren't real just because they aren't made of matter, of particles. Dreams are real. But they are made of viewpoints, of images, of memories and puns and lost hopes.
Roberson, Transforming Russia: 1682 to 1991|And the story is told that a young woman taking an examination for a Communist party post was unsure of the answer to a question asking the inscription on a certain monument. She wrote the words of Marx quoted above and when the examination was over hurried to the monument to check. Reading the inscription "Religion is the opiate of the people," she fell to her knees, saying, "Thank God.
Owain Yeoman|I treat my writing like a day job, like my main job, even if for many years I was doing other jobs to pay the bills. I worked as a copy editor. I was a medical guinea pig. I was an eBay power seller of ladies' handbags. I was an assistant to a bookie at the horse races. I bartended. I did anything I could to make ends meet.
Taylor Swift|You can plan on a change in the weather and time, but I never planned on you changing you mind.
Sunday Adelaja|We can only change life in the country and radically reform society by having God’s wisdom, strength and authority
Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching|Sometimes I look at this world and it moves me to tears. The joy and terror and the mad bloody drama of it all. I wonder why they never seem to really see it. Maybe one lifetime just isn't enough. Or maybe it's too much. I can't say. But the truth, to be perfectly plain, is that people are always looking for magic in all the wrong places.
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|Plan B?' Ivy said. 'What is plan B?'Jenks reddened. 'Grab the fish and run like hell,' he muttered, and I almost giggled.
Ty Segall|There's no media training. In cooking school, there's not even manager training. You learn the fundamentals of cooking. Everything else is learning by doing.
Lora Leigh, Forbidden Pleasure|He hadn't meant to get so angry at Morgan. He didn't often get angry at other people. There was no sense in it. The person you were angry at was rarely ever repentant. Now, getting angry with yourself had some merit. It showed you had sense enough to chastise the one person who had any hope of benefiting from it. And he was plenty angry with himself. For many things.
Sarah Winman, Tin Man|And I wonder what the sound of a heart breaking might be. And I think it might be quiet, unperceptively so, and not dramatic at all. Like the sound of an exhausted swallow falling gently to earth.
Nora Roberts, Sweet Revenge|it taught me, that when a woman lets herself love, she loses. it taught me that to survive, you rely on yourself first and last." -adrianne"It should have also taught you that sometimes love has no threshold." -philip
Henry Martyn|Fifty million people die every year, six thousand die every hour, and over one hundred people die every minute. But when thousands of people die in the same place and at the same time, we are more likely to wonder why God would allow such a thing to happen.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|I don't think there's anything they can say about me that I haven't said about myself already. And I would be an absolute total liar, and my fans would not respect me, if I said that my life and my marriage are perfect. But we absolutely love each other; we have fun together - it's great.
Debbianne DeRose, How I Met the Man of My Dreams: a guide to MANifesting yours|Notice that your judgments of what exists are the same kind of judgments you make about how to live your life. There aren't two kinds of things we do: judge what exists and decide what we want to do about it. Fundamentally, there is one kind of thing we do: live our lives. And we can reflect on this activity more or less abstractly.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Don’t fall in love, it is dangerous, fall for friendship and you will find everything” Ashwin
Ben Caesar, Life of a Winner?|There isn't much to see.It's a bunch of monkeys beating their chest and stabbing each other in the eyes with forks.Even mentioning how shit people are gets them angry and they start flinging shit. They get emotionally triggered over critiquing the species and attack each other with insults about "autism."This is a joke species on a joke planet. It's all about entropy.
Michael Chabon, Maps and Legends: Reading and Writing Along the Borderlands|Literature, like magic, has always been about the handling of secrets, about the pain, the destruction, and the marvelous liberation that can result when they are revealed. Telling the truth when the truth matters most is almost always a frightening prospect. If a writer doesn't give away secrets, his own or those of the people he loves; if she doesn't court disapproval, reproach, and general wrath, whether of friends, family, or party apparatchiks; if the writer submits his work to an internal censor long before anyone else can get their hands on it, the result is pallid, inanimate, a lump of earth.
Mensah Oteh|You can’t always control your external environment, but you can manage your micro environment by intentionally choosing what you allow to influence you – by sight, sound, and presence.
Steven Pressfield, Do the Work|Stay stupid. Follow your unconventional, crazy heart.
Christian D. Larson|So long as the man with ambition is a failure, the world will tell him to let go of his ideal; but when his ambition is realized, the world will praise him for the persistence and the determination that he manifested during his dark hours, and everybody will point to his life as an example for coming generations. This is invariably the rule. Therefore pay no attention to what the world says when you are down. Be determined to get up, to reach the highest goal you have in view, and you will.
Shereen Malherbe, Jasmine Falling|Apparently, when conditions were right, peoples of all world regions were quite capable of transforming wild plants into domesticated crops—a good point to keep in mind when next you hear someone claim that some cultures (usually their own) are more inventive or creative than others.
James Gray|In terms of the romantic kind of lead, I just never enjoy those movies very much. Maybe they'll come to interest me more as I get older. I doubt it, but maybe. Romantic comedies tend to be, for me, an oxymoron.
George Carlin|You know, you can touch a stick of dynamite, but if you touch a venomous snake it'll turn around and bite you and kill you so fast it's not even funny.
Samantha Trenoweth, Fury: Women write about sex, power and violence|Sexism is not confined by border, race, class, sexuality or gender and, to my mind (and Margo Kingston's in Chapter 6), it is inextricably bound up with a mindset of entitlement that also afflicts our relationship with the planet.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|He recognised that all the period of Odette's life which had elapsed before she first met him, a period of which he had never sought to form any picture in his mind, was not the featureless abstraction which he could vaguely see, but had consisted of so many definite, dated years, each crowded with concrete incidents. But were he to learn more of them, he feared lest her past, now colourless, fluid and supportable, might assume a tangible, an obscene form, with individual and diabolical features. And he continued to refrain from seeking a conception of it, not any longer now from laziness of mind, but from fear of suffering.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest Yo Mama Dirty Jokes: Yo Mama Funny, Dirty, Filthy Joke Book For Adults - Uncensored edition|Yo Mama sucks so much d***, her lips went double platinum.
Theodore J. Kaczynski, Industrial Society and Its Future: The Unabomber Manifesto|A surrogate activity is an activity that is directed toward an artificial goal that the individual pursues for the sake of the “fulfillment” that he gets from pursuing the goal, not because he needs to attain the goal itself. For instance, there is no practical motive for building enormous muscles, hitting a little ball into a hole or acquiring a complete series of postage stamps. Yet many people in our society devote themselves with passion to bodybuilding, golf or stamp-collecting. Some people are more “other-directed” than others, and therefore will more readily attach importance to a surrogate activity simply because the people around them treat it as important or because society tells them it is important. That is why some people get very serious about essentially trivial activities such as sports, or bridge, or chess, or arcane scholarly pursuits, whereas others who are more clear-sighted never see these things as anything but the surrogate activities that they are, and consequently never attach enough importance to them to satisfy their need for the power process in that way.
Kaitlin Scott, For Danny|I went to say no, but I winced as I pulled my tooth out of my lip.I was absolutely hopeless. In a two minute period my front curls hadstarted to go straight due to my constant brushing them behind my earsand I was pretty sure my lip was bleeding. Frustrated I pushed myself off ofthe couch with a huff and walked around the glass coffee table to head forthe kitchen.“I've made you angry.”“No.”Darren got up and cut me off in the middle of the room. “Yes, I did.You're angry with me.”“No, not with you.”“Then what's wrong?”“I'm angry with myself.
Isaac Asimov, Robots and Empire|Human beings sometimes find a kind of pleasure in nursing painful emotions, in blaming themselves without reason or even against reason.
Nicole Gulla, The Lure of the Moon|But, after all of the loss I'd had in my life; his loss was the one I could never bear.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|If you're happy in a dream, does that count?
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Here's one of the things I learned that morning: if you cross a line and nothing happens, the line loses meaning. It's like that old riddle about a tree falling in a forest, and whether it makes a sound if there's no one around to hear it. You keep drawing a line farther and farther away, crossing it every time. That's how people end up stepping off the edge of the earth. You'd be surprised at how easy it is to bust out of orbit, to spin out to a place where no one can touch you. To lose yourself--to get lost. Or maybe you wouldn't be surprised. Maybe some of you already know.To those people, I can only say: I'm sorry.
John Kenneth Galbraith|In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.
Yuri Herrera, Signs Preceding the End of the World|All families had started off in some mysterious waay: to repopulate the earth, or by accident, or by force, or out of boredom; and it's all a mystery what each will become.
Andrew Klavan, The Great Good Thing: A Secular Jew Comes to Faith in Christ|The world had no beauty of its own. The beauty of the world was created in the human experience, in me. The very fact of beauty, the very idea that something could be beautiful, only existed in me. The point was not to see the world....The point was to experience the world.
Barbara Lee|I have spent over 60 years bent over a guitar and to know that I wrote 70 compositions that masters have recorded, that makes me feel so good and full, and proud and thankful to the good Lord.
Mark Simpson, Saint Morrissey: A Portrait of This Charming Man by an Alarming Fan|Tattoos, after all, are a passionate, usually doomed assertion of mastery of your own destiny, or at least a defiant embrace of one that you cannot control.
Theodore Sturgeon, The Complete Stories of Theodore Sturgeon, Volume III: Killdozer!|The standard modern measurement for inebriation is the Ose system. This has been considerably developed over the years, but the common medical consensus currently has jocose, verbose, morose, bellicose, lachrymose, comatose, adios.This is a workable but incomplete system, as it fails to take in otiose (meaning impractical) which comes just after jocose. Nor does it have grandiose preceding bellicose. And how they managed to miss out globose (amorphous or formless) before comatose is beyond me.
Tyler, The Creator|Atticus Finch. That's who I want to be when I grow up. He's the greatest guy ever - a good dad, a good lawyer, doing the right thing. And he knows he's not supposed to win, but he's doing it anyway.
David Augsburger|There are so many different ways to lead. The most important thing is to be genuine. To have people around you trust you, trust in what you stand for and who you are. And I think that if people watch you day in and day out and believe in your motives and they believe that you set a high standard for yourself.
Pete Townshend, Who I Am|School was my solace, and studying let me escape, allowing me to live a thousand vicarious lives.
Jessica O'Toole, The Price of Sanctuary|Yes. She’s correct. We’re not friends. We are lufenes actually. But she’s had an overdose of magic, which has seemingly rendered her empathetically impotent.
Sunday Adelaja|God is not against money, He is against the money been used outside His purpose
Brené Brown,|Rather than risking feeling disappointed, they’re choosing to live disappointed.
Kelsey Miller, Big Girl: How I Gave Up Dieting and Got a Life|Never change yourself just because others don't accept you, the one who's destined for you will accept you the way you're; not that he doesn't find flaws, but it matters no more for he sees only the spark & magic in your eyes, making you feel special for the rest of your life!
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|If I could record them and transmit them to the present age, they would constitute nothing more, nowadays, than dead sounds. They would be, in a word, sounds other than what they actually were, and from what their phonographic labels pretended they were – since it's in ourselves that the silence exists. It was while the sounds were still mysterious that it would have been really interesting to render the mystery palpable and transferable.
George Gissing|I don't advise. You mutn't give any weight to what I say, except in so far as your own judgment approves it.
E. M. Bounds|It is not so true that "prayer changes things" as that prayer changes me and I change things. God has so constituted things that prayer on the basis of Redemption alters the way in which a man looks at things. Prayer is not a question of altering things externally  but of working wonders in a man's disposition.
Thomas Huynh, The Art of War—Spirituality for Conflict: Annotated & Explained|Leaders can change the tenor of the workplace and create harmony in motion toward a favorable result. So every time you say to your team, "Let's rock and roll," make sure you have already set up the stage to where they can actually perform like rock stars.
Margaret Atwood|I won't wait until the end of my term to say I made mistakes at the beginning. That's too late. I will try to adopt the proper behaviour, if the French give me the chance, right from the start.
Sanjai panhwar|Nothing, nothing, the whole long day, nothing.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Hello, Harry" said George, beaming at him. "We thought we heard your dulcet tones.""You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out," said Fred, also beaming. "There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didn't hear you.
Seneca, Dying Every Day: Seneca at the Court of Nero|Taking a life, is not worth getting life in prison.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Don't JustDon't just learn, experience.Don't just read, absorb.Don't just change, transform.Don't just relate, advocate.Don't just promise, prove.Don't just criticize, encourage.Don't just think, ponder.Don't just take, give.Don't just see, feel.Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen.Don't just talk, act.Don't just tell, show.Don't just exist, live.
Cassandra Clare|That’s right, Justina!' he said more thanonce. 'We’re going to knock those demons out and slay them with the power of Jesus. Hallelujah, can I get an amen?
Ashish Patel|Intentions, whether good or bad, that don’t reflect the words and actions are only meant to fulfill personal goals.
María Kodama|If you have feelings about reading, you feel the rhythm of prose or of a poem like music. It awakens something in your soul and then of course you study, read, you grow up and you begin to understand the message and that is the first step towards understanding life.
Abraham Pais, Inward Bound: Of Matter and Forces in the Physical World|QED [quantum electrodynamics] reduces ... "all of chemistry and most of physics," to one basic interaction, the fundamental coupling of a photon to electric charge. The strength of this coupling remains, however, as a pure number, the so-called fine-structure constant, which is a parameter of QED that QED itself is powerless to predict.
Charles Baudelaire|A universe with a God would look quite different from a universe without one. A physics, a biology where there is a God is bound to look different. So the most basic claims of religion are scientific. Religion is a scientific theory.
samriddha|Sweetheart the doctor gave you the okay, and your friends will be there. It's okay to live your life. You can't be afraid at every turn.
William Hazlitt, Table-Talk, Essays on Men and Manners|After we eat of the Apple of Knowledge, however, all of us start to be aware of ourselves, and our consciousness starts to be divided from our being. We start to have an image of ourselves which blocks our true expression. How do we go from there? There are two ways of dealing with this situation. The first is to find a self-image one is comfortable with. This is what most people do. It has some advantages since it causes the mind to operate reasonably undisturbed and it brings some peace to most people. People who find and maintain a self-image they are comfortable with are generally known as ‘happy people’. It doesn’t mean a whole lot, because in fact this image they are comfortable with is completely fake. There is another road, the road of learning to get rid of all self-imagery. This is a hard road however and requires one to pretty much battle for the rest of ones life (which isn’t a bad thing at all since the sense and meaning of life are essentially to put up a good battle). One develops techniques to stop identifying with ones self-image. The more these mechanisms behind self-imagery are mastered the more easy it becomes to switch and correct ones identities. At some point we can simply get rid of the self-image and be reborn as the child we once were, but a different child who has the triumph of knowledge in his pocket.
Akiroq Brost|In order to accept yourself, you must first have some sense of who you are.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|S: But Chris, I think his embarrassment isn't in relation to you or me but to himself. What can he do?C: I hate being thrown into such a physical state.S: Isn't that experiencing life to the hilt?C: No, it's just a dumb infatuation. I'm so ashamed.S: But even if his silence hurts you, isn't that what attracted you to him? The fact that he was inaccessible. So, I think there is a contradiction there, at least nothing to feel ashamed of -.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Women did what strawberry plants did before they shot out their thin vines: the quality of the green changed. Then the vine threads came, then the buds. By the time the white petals died and the mint-colored berry poked out, the leaf shine was gilded tight and waxy.
David D. Flowers|Through our expectations, we violently expand and try to fill the world with our proofs of worth.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|The reformer," Douglass explained in 1883, had "a difficult and disagreeable task before him. He has to part with old friends; break away from the beaten paths of society, and advance against the vehement protests of the most sacred sentiments of the human heart.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|My goal in life is to be content. By that I don't mean "fine" or "basically satisfied." I don't mean settling. I mean, for last of better terms, feeling like I'm in the right life.
Anup Kochhar, The Failure Project  -The Story Of Man's Greatest Fear|We need to substitute ‘trier’ for failure. The word ‘fail’ is closely related to the word fall. A child taking his first step falls, cries and then tries again. Why does he try again? Because he wants to, but does not, know the meaning of failure.
Steve Capus|Among young people, often a key factor in them committing suicide is the trauma of transient relationships. They throw themselves into a friendship or network of friendships, then it collapses and they're desolate.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|I don't lack for bed partners, so I don't need to scrounge for unwilling scraps.-Spade
Friedrich Nietzsche|What did that Walt Disney song say? Someday my prince will come? Well, mine came alright... and I don't think Disney would make a song out of it
N. Kazantzakis|You have two choices, sweetheart. Answer my questions, or get a monster new facial piercing.
Willie Morris, My Dog Skip|In the English language, it all comes down to this: Twenty-six letters, when combined correctly, can create magic. Twenty -six letters form the foundation of a free, informed society.
T. Harv Eker|I'm looking for backing for an unauthorized auto-biography that I am writing. Hopefully, this will sell in such huge numbers that I will be able to sue myself for an extraordinary amount of money and finance the film version in which I will play everybody.
Mensah Oteh|To put in the effort needed to create the life of your dreams, you first need to develop a burning desire.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Immortality or Something Like It|These thrill seeker people doing extreme sports...they have a hideous accident, go through agonizing recovery, and then go back to that activity that nearly killed them...that's not facing your fear, that's embracing your stupidity.
Ross  Turner, Reaper|She has no interest in human quarrels, for they are often petty and always pointless.
E. O. Wilson|Nature uses only the longest threads to weave her patterns, so that each small piece of her fabric reveals the organization of the entire tapestry.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|This heated (environmental) debate is fundamentally about numbers. How much energy could each source deliver, at what economic and social cost, and with what risks? But actual numbers are rarely mentioned. In public debates, people just say “Nuclear is a money pit” or “We have a huge amount of wave and wind.” The trouble with this sort of language is that it’s not sufficient to know that something is huge: we need to know how the one “huge” compares with another “huge,” namely our huge energy consumption. To make this comparison, we need numbers, not adjectives.
Swami Vivekananda|Consciously or unconsciously, we are all striving for perfection.
Richard Russo, The Risk Pool|No one has yet determined the power of the human species . . . what it may perform by instinct, and what it may accomplish with rational determination.
Naomi Shihab Nye, Time You Let Me In: 25 Poets under 25|I'm like the weather, never really can predict when this rain cloud's gonna burst; when it's the high or it's the low, when you might need a light jacket.Sometimes I'm the slush that sticks to the bottom of your work pants, but I can easily be the melting snowflakes clinging to your long lashes.I know that some people like:sunny and seventy-five,sunny and seventy-five,sunny and seventy-five,but you take me as I am and neverforget to pack an umbrella.
