Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|We live in our tales of ourselves, she thought, and ignore as best we can the contradictions, and the lapses, and the abrasions of plot against our mortal souls...
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Evil Dead film sounds like the Red Hood, but this time the bad red hood.
Elizabeth Foss, Real Learning: Education In The Heart Of The Home|When the atmosphere encourages learning, the learning is inevitable.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|The sharp, superficial pain at being spoken to unkindly had obscured the deeper pain, which had not yet turned into something hard and heavy.
John Milton, The Complete Poetry|And so sepúlchred in such pomp dost lie,That kings for such a tomb would wish to die.
Steve Coogan, Alan Partridge: Every Ruddy Word|I love Sherlock Holmes. I've got all his books, leather-bound. What I thought was great about Sherlock Holmes was that not only was he a supersleuth, he was also a hard worker. Not only did he go out and solve the crimes, he came home and wrote it all down. Fantastic. That's why I admire him.
Jessica Valenti, Full Frontal Feminism|While falling in love is fun, it's not everything, and it's not the antidote to an unfulfilled life, despite what Reese Witherspoon movies may tell you.
Susan B. Anthony|I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|The worst is, I remain so stone cold. Does this war make you an 'alive-dead person'? Is it not possible to remain yourself in this chaos? How long still?
Ellis Peters, Brother Cadfael's Penance|once I gave up the hunt for villains, I had little recourse but to take responsibility for my choices ...Needless to say, this is far less satisfying that nailing villains. It also turned out to be more healing in the end.
Fred Gipson, Old Yeller|Well, when you're fourteen years old, you can't afford to mix in a rock fight with your five-year-old brother. You can't do it, even when you're in the right. You just can't explain a thing like that to your folks. All they'll do is point out how much bigger you are, how unfair it is to your little brother.
Erik Christian Haugaard|The fairy tale belongs to the poor...I know of no fairy tale which upholds the tyrant, or takes the part of the strong against the weak. A fascist fairy tale is an absurdity.
Lara Deloza, Anyone but You|Critter: I was fairly relieved when Sea took off on her own. She was wearing some two-sizes-too-small T-shirt, practically forcing my eyes to home in on “the girls,” and all I could think was I’m going to turn into a pillar of salt.
Auliq Ice|If everything is possible, then it is also possible that something is impossible.
Wordions|Every life is a canvas and every interaction is a brush, therefore we’d be wise to consider how we handle the paint.
Milena Michiko Flašar, I Called Him Necktie|And we went through AIDS... which was as good a course in mortality as anyone is likely to get, short of war.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your life is always a perfect reflection of your state of heart and mind, and of your truest identity.
Mensah Oteh|Accepting complete responsibility is the unsung character trait of those who find uncommon success, and failure to accept responsibility is a common trait of those who end up with a mediocre life.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Keep on smiling, treat people with respect, be cool even if some may not treat you the same. How people treat you doesn't change who you're.
Bill Bryson, Neither Here nor There: Travels in Europe|Bulgaria, I reflected as I walked back to the hotel, isn’t a country; it’s a near-death experience.
Neil Shubin, Your Inner Fish: A Journey into the 3.5-Billion-Year History of the Human Body|But then with me the horrid doubt always arises whether the convictions of man's mind, which has been developed from the mind of the lower animals, are of any value or at all trustworthy. Would any one trust in the convictions of a monkey's mind, if there are any convictions in such a mind?[To William Graham 3 July 1881]
Robin Sacredfire|Beliefs are a powerful thing. I often travel the world and sometimes the local waitresses attending me are nervous if they can’t speak English. Now, when this happens, I point at the pictures in the menu. However, I’ve noticed that the ones with the strongest beliefs, the most nervous ones, still do a mistake in my order. Another interesting things to notice in these situations is that, when I correct them, by pointing again at what I ordered before, they recognize their mistake, but get angry, as if their mistake was my fault, and that’s called irresponsibility. Now, when you combine irresponsibility with the wrong beliefs, you have a a very dumb person. That’s what stupidity is, it’s a human being doing the wrong things with the wrong beliefs and never ever accepting any responsibility for it. That’s how those with the lowest spiritual conscience behave in general with themselves and others.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|You cannot be fair to others without first being fair to yourself.Know that a well-honed sense of justice is a measure of personal experience, and all experience is a measure of self.Know that the highest expression of justice is mercy.Thus, as the supreme judge in your own court, you must have compassion for yourself.Otherwise, cede your gavel.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|He sniggered.He didn't like to think of himself as the sort of person who giggled or sniggered, but he had to admit that he had been giggling and sniggering almost continuously for well over half an hour now.
Jon Pardi|My first full year of touring, I did 300 days on the road. That was not including the travel time or publicity or anything else - that was just dates. I was home probably less than 50 days that year.
Israelmore Ayivor, Mine Your Gold: How to Dig Up and Optimize Your Hidden Greatness|Be careful when rising to the top. Be more careful when you get there. The higher you go, the riskier it gets. Be careful. Be very careful.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No mere man can do, what the Son of Man, the Saviour, did for all mankind.
O. Henry, Whirligigs|And most wonderful of all are words, and how they make friends one with another, being oft associated, until not even obituary notices them do part.
Lauren Barnholdt, Two-Way Street|Search engines finds the information, not necessarily the truth.
Winston S. Churchill|Memphis found his smile. 'You know me, sir. I don't wear worry.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|Bug spray.” Mosquitoes never bother me, but apparently they eat Tucker alive if he forgets bug spray. So I wear it for solidarity. “All the kids wearit,” I explain to Mom. “They say the mosquito is the Wyoming state bird.
Holly A. Smith, Fire of the Five Hearts: A Memoir of Treating Incest|I would like to turn in my skin and change it for a new epidermis. It feels as if I will never be able to rinse the sadness from my soul. All the while I am cognizant of the fact that I am trying to purge myself of my feelings. I start with my shell. I am in the water at least an hour. I immerse my head. My long, thick mane is so heavy, but I feel the lightness of my hair as it floats. I can hear my heart beating in my ears. I wonder what would happen if I died in this water. I drain the bathtub and refill it. I scrub my skin until it stings. I still don't feel clean. I close my eyes.I switch to lying on my back. I gaze at the heavens through the skylight on the ceiling above the tub. I am thinking about Isabella. I am struck by the feeling of uncleanness that I have been immersed in that day. I would imagine that this child feels unclean always, in body and in mind. I am hoping that the sheets in her foster home are snow white and fragrant. I am hoping that she felt safe. I am worried that she is so deeply alone and frightened. I know somewhere deep inside of me that the decisions and choices I made today were sound. I am praying, with eyes glued to the stars, that I will not awaken in the night with my heart beating out of my chest; that I will not be haunted by Francis's diseased body; that I will not perseverate on ever nuance of my day - the smells, the cockroaches, the piercing torment of Isabella's unseeing eye, her father's sore-ridden penis penetrating her tiny body. Yet in many ways this is an experience I hope never to forget. The pearls. I must not forget the pearls that I have promised her.
Barbara Pym, Quartet in Autumn|Every novel is an attempt to capture time, to weave something solid out of air. The author knows it is an impossible task - that is why he keeps on trying.
Jaye Frances, Reunion|Faithfully, Calvi was following the rules to the letter. He knew one thing: Whatever was in that document had caused the death of the leader of the Catholic Church. Who’d be next?
Jack London|As I, my real self, grew older, I entered more and more into the substance of my dreams. One may dream, and even in the midst of the dream be aware that he is dreaming, and if the dream be bad, comfort himself with the thought that it is only a dream. This is a common experience with all of us. And so it was that I, the modern, often entered into my dreaming, and in the consequent strange dual personality was both actor and spectator. And right often have I, the modern, been perturbed and vexed by the foolishness, illogic, obtuseness, and general all-round stupendous stupidity of myself, the primitive.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|There is a twilight zone in our hearts that we ourselves cannot see. Even when we know quite a lot about ourselves-our gifts and weaknesses, our ambitions and aspirations, our motives and our drives-large parts of ourselves remain in the shadow of consciousness. This is a very good thing. We will always remain partially hidden to ourselves. Other people, especially those who love us, can often see our twilight zones better than we ourselves can. The way we are seen and understood by others is different from the way we see and understand ourselves. We will never fully know the significance of our presence in the lives of our friends. That's a grace, a grace that calls us not only to humility, but to a deep trust in those who love us. It is the twilight zones of our hearts where true friendships are born.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Some people are only “believers” because they want God to give them things; a thrill, money, spiritual gifts etc. but they never think twice about what THEY can give to God. They are Christian parasites, always wanting more, rather than Christian servants, who are always willing to give.
Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger|We open our mouths and out flow words whose ancestries we do not even know. We are walking lexicons. In a single sentence of idle chatter we preserve Latin, Anglo-Saxon, Norse; we carry a museum inside our heads, each day we commemorate people of whom we have never heard. More than that, we speak volumes – our language is the language of everything we have read. Shakespeare and the Authorised Version surface in supermarkets, on buses, chatter on radio and television. I find this miraculous. I never cease to wonder at it. That words are more durable than anything, that they blow with the wind, hibernate and reawaken, shelter parasitic on the most unlikely hosts, survive and survive and survive.
John Green|We were kissing.I thought: This is good.I thought: I am not bad at this kissing. Not bad at all.I thought: I am clearly the greatest kisser in the history of the universe.Suddenly she laughed and pulled away from me. She wiggled a hand out of her sleeping bag and wiped her face. "You slobbered on my nose," she said, and laughed.
Larry Geller, Joel Spector, Patricia Romanowski|What drove us crazy wasn't necessarily the sexual freedom his critic claimed he was unleashing, but freedom, period. Freedom to be yourself, to express yourself, to wear what you wanted to wear, to look the way you wanted to look, to have your own style, your own talk.
Zsa Zsa Gabor|We will all be gone one day. Not as a negative thing - as a positive thing, too, you know, and we should leave something behind ourselves.
Victor Hugo|Hey, Tiffany. If I have to walk - if I have to steal a horse - I'll be there
Jennifer J. Hayes|Finding herself on the way to the village center again, she pulled over, intending to negotiate a three-point turn. The cottage was slightly out of the village, so she needed to get back onto the opposite side of the road and go back up the hill. Glancing over Hannah’s instructions again, she swung the car to the right—straight into the path of a motorcyclist.What happened next seemed to happen in slow motion. The rider tried to stop but couldn’t do so in time, although he did manage to avoid hitting her car. As he turned his handlebars hard to the right, his tires lost grip on the wet road and he flew off, sliding some way before coming to a halt.Layla sat motionless in her car, paralyzed temporarily by the shock. At last she managed to galvanize herself into action and fumbled for the door handle, her shaking hands making it hard to get a grip. When the door finally opened, another dilemma hit. What if she couldn’t stand? Her legs felt like jelly, surely they wouldn’t support her. Forcing herself upward, she was relieved to discover they held firm. Once she was sure they would continue to do so, she bolted over to where the biker lay, placed one hand on his soaking leather-clad shoulder and said, “Are you okay?”“No, I’m not bloody okay!” he replied, a pair of bright blue eyes meeting hers as he lifted his visor. “I’m a bit bruised and battered as it goes.”Despite his belligerent words, relief flooded through her: he wasn’t dead!“Oh, I’m so glad,” she said, letting out a huge sigh.“Glad?” he said, sitting up now and brushing the mud and leaves off his left arm. “Charming.”“Oh, no, no,” she stuttered, realizing what she’d just said. “I’m not glad that I knocked you over. I’m glad you’re alive.”“Only just, I think,” he replied, needing a helping hand to stand up.“Can I give you a lift somewhere, take you to the nearest hospital?”“The nearest hospital? That would be in Bodmin, I think, about fifteen miles from here. I don’t fancy driving fifteen miles with you behind the wheel.”Feeling a little indignant now, Layla replied, “I’m actually a very good driver, thank you. You’re the first accident I’ve ever had.”“Lucky me,” he replied sarcastically.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Everyone must be given the opportunity to think, read and write.
Gary Inbinder, The Hanged Man: A Mystery in Fin de Siecle Paris|Tears streamed down her wrinkled face. This world that she had longed to change for the better was as bad as the one into which she had been born. "An exercise in futility," she murmured.
Deyth Banger|I do not know if hell is hot or cold, or what sort of place hell may be, but this I surely know, that if there is any hell at all it will be badly lit. And it will taste like a train.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|When states are democratically governed according to law, there are no demagogues, and the best citizens are securely in the saddle; but where the laws are not sovereign, there you find demagogues. The people become a monarch... such people, in its role as a monarch, not being controlled by law, aims at sole power and becomes like a master.
Charles S. Faddis|A common strand appeared to unite these conflicts, and that was the advancement of a small coterie’s concept of American interests in the guise of the fight against terrorism, which was defined to refer only to the organized and politically motivated killing of civilians by killers not wearing the uniforms of soldiers. I recognized that if this was to be the single most important priority of our species, then the lives of those of us who lived in lands in which such killers also lived had no meaning except as collateral damage. This, I reasoned, was why America felt justified in bringing so many deaths to Afghanistan and Iraq, and why America felt justified in risking so many more deaths by tacitly using India to pressure Pakistan.
Mike Lookinland|The thing about women playing boys is that we're not going to age, and we're not going to go through puberty in the middle of a long-running series.
John Polkinghorne|God has more powerful aways to show Himself than any human postulate.And yet, a postulate is the highest form of prayer.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|They’ve not forgotten him: worse, they never heard of him.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Admit it. You can't have everything. You can't do everything. You can't be everywhere. You are not omnipotent, you are mortal.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|The wind swept the snow aside, ever faster and thicker, as if it were trying to catch up with something, and Yurii Andreievich stared ahead of him out of the window, as if he were not looking at the snow but were still reading Tonia’s letter and as if what flickered past him were not small dry snow crystals but the spaces between the small black letters, white, white, endless, endless.
Benjamin Disraeli|Sir, I shall not defeat you - I shall transcend you.
Janet Evanovich, Seven Up|Maybe it's just not the right time for us to be married. I don't want to be a bounty hunter for the rest of my life, but I certainly don't want to be a housewife right now. And I really don't want to be married to someone who gives me ultimatums.And maybe Joe needs to examine what he wants from a wife. He was raised in a traditional Italian household with a stay-at-home mother and domineering father. If he wants a wife who will fit into that mold, I'm not for him. I might be a stay-at-home mother someday, but I'll always be trying to fly off the garage roof. That's just who I am.
M.B. Dallocchio|I am.I always was.I always am.I shall always be.The past and the futuremeet in the eternal now.I am the eternal now.I exist. I am.I am in the past.I am in the future.I am in the now.One is all, and all are one.We are one.Everything I see is a part of myself.Everything I can imagine is a part of myself.I could not imagine somethingthat is not. Everyone I interact withis a part of myself.Whatever I put out, I get it back.My state of being matters,it crystallises in my circumstances.The way I respond to my circumstancesreinforces my state of being.When I see an echo of an old beliefI respond with peace in my heart.My actions are matched with the highest version of myself I can imagine in that moment.Everything changes,and everything transformsfrom one form of life to yet another.It is a constant flow of life.It is the heart of all existence.Nothing can perish,nothing can cease being.I am always new.I am always history free.I am always consequence free.Yet I can create an illusion of consequence.Everything is possible,yet not everything is probable.It all depends on my synchronicity.What I choose to exploreshall present itself to me.What I believe to be true, is true.All illusions are made out of different beliefs.Yet there is only one knowledge.It is the wisdom of old, yet new.The thought gains the power,when it merges with the feeling.I feel what I desire.I always receive what I ask for.I always manifest instantly with no effort.My wisdom is to be aware of what I request.So it be.So it is.I ask for love,and I welcome bliss.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
Dan Lipinski|I believe that, as Americans, our freedoms come from God and not government, and include the rights enumerated in the Declaration of Independence: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Kamand Kojouri|If on any given day you don't cry from rejoicing in the beauty of the world, then you have not lived that day.
Sunday Adelaja|Wealth and riches are not evil, it is having love for wealth and riches that is evil
John Fowles, The Magus|If talent without hard work was a dead-end street,talent with hard work could only be a highway.
Tana French, Broken Harbour|For as long as I could remember, a part of me had been waiting for the day it would happen; with the cunning that comes to people whose minds have been stripped to one desire, she picked the only day we weren't waiting for.
Albert Camus|What really annoys me very often is when People start comparing two individuals. This clearly indicates that they have not lived their life at all. They are insulting themselves by resorting to these practices. They do not have even an iota of understanding as to how unique and gifted they are. Once you start living intensely, only then will you come to recognize your self, then you will be surprised how different you are, in your responses, in your actions - In Your Individuality, only then will you appreciate the uniqueness of others, not before. So, start living joyously, Celebrate Life!
Travis Kalanick|In our family health, it's about having a balanced life, about laughing and staying on a positive note.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|My father knew our way mile by mile; by day or by night, he knew where we were. Everything that changed under our eyes, in the flying countryside, was the known world to him, the imagination to me. Each in our own way, we hungered for all this: my father and I were in no other respect or situation so congenial.
Michelle Tackabery, Within Your Reach: A Journey Through Diabetes|How to preside over your own internal disorder? Finding the "I" that can represent the pack of you is the first challenge of the memoirist.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I tend to walk around convinced that any amount of forgiveness that I could extend could never possibly compensate for the offenses that I’ve had to endure. Yet, maybe the greater offense is that I’ve got that backwards.
Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman, or A History of My Nerves|Yes, of course, there's something fishy about describing people's feelings. You try hard to be accurate, but as soon as you start to define such and such a feeling, language lets you down. It's really a machine for making falsehoods. When we really speak the truth, words are insufficient. Almost everything except things like "pass the gravy" is a lie of a sort. And that being the case, I shall shut up. Oh, and... pass the gravy.
Stella Young|I don't go to celebrity parties a lot. I don't really enjoy them because I really like going for it in parties. And sometimes at celebrity parties, there is no dancing on tables because people... it can be a little judgmental at times. So I tend not to go unless it is Taylor Swift's birthday party; then it's amazing.
Rick Moody, Hotels of North America|The thing you did to alleviate the loneliness was to take off your clothes and touch someone, even if you didn’t really know the person well.
Joe Frazier|My parents have a ridiculous work ethic; my dad just works, works, works, works, works. I think it would be hard to find a guy who's logged more hours than that guy.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|The people of jewel," said Olga Ciavolga,"treat their children like delicate flowers. They think they will not survive without constant protection. But there are parts of the world where young boys and girls spend weeks at a time with no company except a herd of goats. They chase away wolves. They take care of themselves, and they take care of the herd. And so, when hard times come - as they always do in the end - those children are resourceful and brave. If they have to walk from one end of the county to the other, carrying their baby brother and sisters, they will do it. If they have to hide during the day and travel at night to avoid soldiers, they will do it. They do not give up easily." The tunnel took a sharp right-hand turn and, for a moment, the old woman s voice was lost. Something dropped onto Goldie's arm, and she opened her mouth to yelp - and thought of those children carrying their baby brothers and sisters through the night - and closed her mouth and kept going. She rounded the corner in time to hear Olga Ciavolga murmur,"Of course, I am not saying that it is a good thing to give children such heavy responsibility's. They must be allowed to have a childhood. But they must also be allowed to find their courage and their wisdom, and learn when to stand and when to run away. After all, if they are not permitted to climb the trees, how will they ever see the great and wonderful world that lies before them?
Anthony Burgess, Earthly Powers|The present: It is interesting that the “NOW" is called "the present.” The present is the ultimate gift; it is the gift of truth and life. You are given the present every second, and you will receive it forever. The present is the only thing that exists, the only thing you are ever conscious of. Your life is a series of presents moving through time. The future does not exist until it becomes the present.Life is one perpetual present.Creation is happening now: Your body, mind, and the world around it are being created from microsecond to microsecond. Things may look the same, but they are not; everything is constantly changing and being recreated. Our life and our world is being created from moment to moment.Life and everything in it is always new.
Raymond Chandler|Without magic, there is no art. Without art, there is no idealism. Without idealism, there is no integrity. Without integrity, there is nothing but production.
Sophocles|What is the worst of woes that wait on age? What stamps the wrinkle deeper on the brow? To view each loved one blotted from life's page, And be alone on earth, as I am now.
Bill Gates|About every year or two, there is a moment of truth where there's some new development in the marketplace, some new technology, some sort of existential crisis. You just have to be vigilant about looking out for those moments.
Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control|There was a war between them, between love and the right thing to do, and it kept assaulting them, kept keeping them apart.
Cecil Day-Lewis|First, I do not sit down at my desk to put into verse something that is already clear in my mind. If it were clear in my mind, I should have no incentive or need to write about it. We do not write in order to be understood; we write in order to understand.
Pliny the Elder|True glory consists in doing what deserves to be written, in writing what deserves to be read, and in so living as to make the world happier and better for our living in it.
Matthew S. McCormick|Suppose that members of a religious movement, such as Christianity, maintain that the existence of some powerful god and its goals or laws can be known through their scriptures, their prophets, or some special revelation. Suppose further that the evidence that is available to support the reliability of those scriptures, prophets, or special revelations is weaker than that God is hypothetically capable of producing. That is, suppose that Christians maintain that Jesus was resurrected on the basis of the Gospels, or that God’s existence can be known through the Bible, or Muslims insist on the historical authenticity of the Koran. Could God, the almighty creator of the universe, have brought it about so that the evidence in favor of the resurrection, the Bible, or the Koran was better than we currently find it? I take it that the answer is obviously yes. Even if you think there is evidence that is sufficient to prove the resurrection, a reasonable person must also acknowledge that it could have been better. And there’s the problem. If the capacity of that god is greater than the effectiveness or quality of those scriptures, prophets, or special revelations, then the story they are telling contradicts itself. 'We know our god is real on the basis of evidence that is inadequate for our god.' Or, 'The grounds that lead us to believe in our god are inconsistent with the god we accept; nevertheless, we believe in this god that would have given us greater evidence if it had wished for us to believe in it.'Given the disparity between the gods that these religious movements portend and the grounds offered to justify them, the atheist is warranted in dismissing such claims. If the sort of divine being that they promote were real and if he had sought our believe on the basis of the evidence, the evidential situation would not resemble the one we are in. The story doesn’t make internal sense. A far better explanation is that their enthusiasm for believing in a god has led them to overstate what the evidence shows. And that same enthusiasm has made it difficult for them to see that an all powerful God would have the power to make his existence utterly obvious and undeniable. Since it’s not, the non-believer can’t possibly be faulted for failing to believe.
James Joyce|‎I've put in so many enigmas and puzzles that it will keep the professors busy for centuries arguing over what I meant, and that is the only way of insuring one's immortality.
Hassan Choughari|There are two kinds of warriors:those on the battlefield,and those in the boardroom;both are out to win.But the age of King Alexander has gone,and the age of Bill Gates has come.
John Sloan, John Sloan on Drawing and Painting|Though a living cannot be made from art, art makes life worth living. It makes starving, living.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When the world is too much, create your own. I do it everyday.
John Betjeman, Collected Poems|Monks committed all the same sins that ordinary people did. He had just been shocked by the woman's shamelessness. The sight of her nakedness remained with him, the way the hot heart of a candle flame, stared at for a few moments, would burn on behind closed eyelids.
Linda M. Hueftlein, Through Charlie's Eyes|Dogs are lonesome creatures who needs a someone that will love him for eternity, Once they've found the one, He will protect it, believing that he is the only one who could accept him
Louis Aragón|Your imagination, my dear fellow, is worth more than you imagine.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Adventures are all very well in their place, but there's a lot to be said for regular meals and freedom from pain.
Eric Temple Bell|Rome has been called the "Sacred City": - might not our Oxford be called so too? There is an air about it, resonant of joy and hope: it speaks with a thousand tongues to the heart: it waves its mighty shadow over the imagination: it stands in lowly sublimity, on the "hill of ages"; and points with prophetic fingers to the sky: it greets the eager gaze from afar, "with glistering spires and pinnacles adorned," that shine with an internal light as with the lustre of setting suns; and a dream and a glory hover round its head, as the spirits of former times, a throng of intellectual shapes, are seen retreating or advancing to the eye of memory: its streets are paved with the names of learning that can never wear out: its green quadrangles breathe the silence of thought.
James Rollins|I'm not a cooking person, so there's not much in the fridge. On the rare occasion that I do cook, I make myself breakfast. Eggs are my go-to in the morning for some protein. Orange juice as well. You have to start your day off with that.
Vivek Wadhwa|In the technology world, you have to execute fast or you're out of business.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|There are several ways to react to being lost. One is to panic: this was usually Valentina's first impulse. Another is to abandon yourself to lostness, to allow the fact that you've misplaced yourself to change the way you experience the world.
Cory Doctorow, Makers|Every good thing comes to some kind of end, and then the really good things come to a beginning again.
Anne McCaffrey, The Ship Who Searched|She is doing that on purpose, he thought as he tried to force his own smile away from his wide, damp jaws. She is being adorable as some sort of hideous ruse, to spite me. What a mean baby!...Do not fall in love with that baby...
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|If anyone, no matter who, were given the opportunity of choosing from amongst all the nations in the world the set of beliefs which he thought best, he would inevitably—after careful considerations of their relative merits—choose that of his own country. Everyone without exception believes his own native customs, and the religion he was brought up in, to be the best.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I heard him sweeping with the broom, and then he suddenly stopped.I had obviously got his attention, and he was lo
Dean Bokhari|I have finally figured out the meaning of life: there's no such thing. And that's a beautiful thing, because that means that WE get to choose it ourselves. Life has no meaning besides the meaning you give it. You are indeed the author of your destiny. So why not write a book worth reading?
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously. And because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude.
Warren Ellis|The book is almost always better than the movie. You could have no better case in point than FROM HELL, Alan Moore's best graphic novel to date, brilliantly illustrated by Eddie Campbell. It's hard to describe just how much better the book is.It's like, "If the movie was an episode of Battlestar Galactica with a guest appearance by the Smurfs and everyone spoke Dutch, the graphic novel is Citizen Kane with added sex scenes and music by your favourite ten bands and everyone in the world you ever hated dies at the end." That's how much better it is.
Neil Strauss|STRAUSS:Have you ever thought about putting those experiences into a book?RICHIE:I did decide to write about what i experienced in climbing to the top. And finally when I got there, I discovered what was at the top.You know what was there?STRAUSS: No, I don't.RICHIE: Nothing. Not one thing. What was at the top was all the experiences that you had to get there.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|The Lord did not come to make a display. He came to heal and to teach suffering men. For one who wanted to make a display the thing would have been just to appear and dazzle the beholders. But for Him Who came to heal and to teach the way was not merely to dwell here, but to put Himself at the disposal of those who needed Him, and to be manifested according as they could bear it, not vitiating the value of the Divine appearing by exceeding their capacity to receive it.
Marty Rubin|How can you love art, beauty, poetry, and hate life? That's like saying you love the ocean but hate water.
Donna Grant Reilly, Dragon Fever|The shadows parted and a large head took shape, looming above her.Her mouth fell open when she spied the silver scales covering the wide head of the dragon. She took in the slitted obsidian eyes that were trained on her and tried to scream, but no sound came out.The head moved farther out of the darkness to reveal a row of dark silver tendrils at the base of his skull and disappearing into the shadows. More of those same dark silver tendrils surrounded his mouth, which parted to show her rows of very sharp white teeth.She could swear he smiled, a growl rumbling through his chest.Death was staring her right in the face.And there was no escaping it.
Grace Willows, The Ultimate Prize|He was built like a mountain. Tall, dark haired ,silver eyed , muscular and rugged. Nathaniel Hawkins was a man that most men wouldn’t want to tangle with and most women fantasized about.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a stairs to be safe, every step on that stairs has to be safe!
Nikki Rowe|I am an artist, my hair is rarely tamed & sometimes I sleep till noon, My house is messy and I speak to the moon. I care less about the materials that I share with my world and more about the passion inside myself. Im an artist, what more can you expect? i am full of soul, love and all the rest.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Style is the shape the ideal takes, rhythm, its movement.
Jaeda DeWalt|We can bring into being, the things we dream. So much of what we are is, limited or expanded by, what we think.
Joseph Chilton Pearce, Teaching Children to Love: 80 Games and Fun Activities for Raising Balanced Children in an Unbalanced World|The last time Assistant Principal Parker called, a girl in the school's locker room had accused Julie of being a whore during the two years she'd spent on the street. My kid took exception to that and decided to communicate that by applying a chair to the offending party's head. I'd told her to go for the gut next time- it left less evidence.
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Every successful venture is based on an unoriginal idea, beautifully executed.
Cassandra Kemper, The Madder Woman|And so sovereign Providence has often produced a remarkable effect--evil men making other evil men good. For some, when they think they suffer injustice at the hands of the worst of men, burn with hatred for evil men, and being eager to be different from those they hate, have reformed and become virtuous. It is only the power of God to which evils may also be good, when by their proper use He elicits some good result.
Sanjo Jendayi|We as a people have become so addicted to DYSFUNCTION that we don't recognize PEACE (man or woman) when it enters our energetic space.We call PEACE soft, too nice, pushover, doormat and other names because PEACE respects you. PEACE cares about & for you. PEACE doesn't want to argue, PEACE speaks it's mind with healthy discussion & at the end of the day, PEACE says I Love you. PEACE keeps their word. PEACE enjoys spending time with you & treating you better than anyone else ever has but because of our addiction, we say this is too good to be true. We wait for the other shoe to drop. We check PEACE phone, follow PEACE home or just dismiss PEACE altogether because something just ain't right!" LEAVE that phone alone, STOP looking for a reason, and CHANGE your mindset. "Once you have begun down this new path, your vibrations will change & PEACE will start to walk with you, YOU will attract his siblings-Love, Joy, Kindness, Happiness & your relationships will become everything you inwardly desired but secretly believed you were not worthy of attaining.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|Sometimes I feel like we're a knot, too tangled to be taken apart.
John Calvin|When the U.S. claims the right to invade any country unilaterally and then defines a country like Iran or North Korea as 'evil,' then it is a rational response for these countries to develop nuclear weapons as the only military deterrent to invasion. We create what we most fear.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|Kools and Newports were for black people and lower-class whites. Camels were for procrastinators, those who wrote bad poetry, and those who put off writing bad poetry. Merits were for sex addicts, Salems were for alcoholics, and Mores were for people who considered themselves to be outrageous but really weren't.
Emanuel Celler|I think at its best the American sense of humor is the same as the British sense of humor at its best, which is to be wry and ironic and self deprecating.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|They wanted a Grisha queen. Mal wanted a commoner queen. And what did I want? Peace for Ravka. A chance to sleep easy in my bed without fear. An end to the guilt and dread that I woke to every morning. There were old wants too, to be loved for who I was, not what I could do, to lie in a meadow with a boy’s arms around me and watch the wind move the clouds.
James   Barr, A Line in the Sand: Britain, France and the Struggle for the Mastery of the Middle East|When Husni Zaim seized power from Shukri al-Quwatli on 30 March 1949, Syria's economy was a parlous state and its army had been beaten the previous November by the Israelis. Zaim knew that he needed to take action on both fronts fast. After overthrowing al-Quwatli bloodlessly, he set out to open peace talks with the Israelis and mend relations with the French via a currency agreement and an arms deal that would pave the way for renewed French influence in the former mandate. But Zaim's reign did not last long. One hundred and thirty-seven days after he had taken power, on 14 August he too was overthrown and executed.
Lailah Gifty Akita|He beat you." And as I spoke the words I felt a terrible anger come together inside me. It wasn't hot and furious, as some of my flashes of temper tend to be. This was different, slow and cold.
Edward Gorey|And I write novels!" chimed in the other cop. "Though I haven't had any of them published yet, so I better warn you, I'm in a meeeean mood!
P.G. Wodhouse|It was a morning when all nature shouted "Fore!" The breeze, as it blew gently up from the valley, seemed to bring a message of hope and cheer, whispering of chip-shots holed and brassies landing squarely on the meat. The fairway, as yet unscarred by the irons of a hundred dubs, smiled greenly up at the azure sky; and the sun, peeping above the trees, looked like a giant golf-ball perfectly lofted by the mashie of some unseen god and about to drop dead by the pin of the eighteenth.
Alberto Moravia, Agostino|I couldn't believe it.Something wasn't right.I thought, "Batman smokes cigarettes."I couldn't believe it. "Batman smokes fucking cigarettes."I walked away and saw that Batman was just this stupid guy dressed up in a rubber suit, just as afraid as I was, and that I lived in a lost place inside my own heart, where even Batman couldn't help me.
Kevin Kelly DO the pursuit of xcdeptional execution|Willingness to learn is important, willingness to act on what you learn is critical.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If Christ spent an anguished night in prayer, if He burst out from the Cross, 'My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?' then surely we are also permitted doubt. But we must move on. To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.
William Least Heat-Moon, Blue Highways|I notice you use 'work' and 'job' interchangeably. oughten to do that. A job's what you force yourself to pay attention to for money. With work, you don't have to force yourself. (Man dining at Claudia Sanders Dinner House)
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Oh, fucking expression, attention and impression!(Dexter)
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Leadership success means your mission and vision must outlive you, but this will not happen by accident. We have enough stories around us to prove that lasting legacies have to be well managed, planned and structured for continuity. If not, you will carry your name, success and influence to the grave, only leaving short-lived memories of your achievements and impact.
R.X. Bird|I came to abominate my body, I came to sense that two eyes, two hands, two lungs are as monstrous as two faces.
Daniel   Stern, Swingland: Between the Sheets of the Secretive, Sometimes Messy, but Always Adventurous Swinging Lifestyle|See, far above arrogance and selfishness on the rankings of undesirable Lifestyle traits, topping the lengthy list of carnal sins, occupying its very own stratosphere of unforgivablereprehensibility, is lying. Without question, fibbing is the fastest way to secure a one-way trip to blackball status in the swing community. So assured is a liar’s exile from the Lifestyle that should a perjurer come clean about a material untruth and still secure playtime, that individual will have rewritten the entire swing rulebook. And no matter how enticing it may be to rewrite history, I do not recommend attempting it. Not unless you’re lusting after a celibate existence.
Aria Kane, Once Upon a Darkness|Whip," Walter echoed. "So there's an iPhone app for fighting zombies. Interesting.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|I'm lazy! I hate work! Hate hard work in all its forms! Clever shortcuts, that's all I'm about!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|They'll either want to kill you, kiss you, or be you.
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|For Past is never buried-It just shines with a brighter ray,Perhaps because now we look at it as a third personUshering in a smile with moist eyes Which is but a reflection of an array of infinite emotions.Indeed, Past is never buried-It breathes silently,Deep inside,Distant yet alive.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|He kissed her lightly on the nose, and she laughed. Blue eyed her with faux seriousness. "How was that? Any weakness?""No. But I don't think there would have been anyway.""Well, then, how about this?" His lips brushed hers, his mouth teasing her lower lip, and her eyes closed and she shivered as his fingers caught her hair. And then suddenly, there wasn't any space between them. The sensation of drowning was there, but it wasn't like her strength was leaving her. It was like she wanted to be part of him. Like she didn't know or care where she ended and he began.When they drew apart, she whispered, "No weakness.""Really?" he said. "'Cause I'm feeling a little weak." She felt him smile against her mouth. And they both laughed, shook with it. Their faces were too close, noses and cheeks pressed awkwardly together, but neither one of them moved. She tightened her arms around him, and he held her just as tightly. His breath murmured against her cheek."You're safe with me, Mira. And I'm safe with you.
Phil Klay|Of all the heartache I will ever know, only some of it will be real. The rest, I will create.
Nicholas Kaufmann, Die and Stay Dead|You're telling me a shape-shifting demon just walked out onto Fifth Avenue and blended in with the crowd?" I asked. "Hailed a fucking cab after tearing everyone to pieces down here?
John Madden|I was born in Tamil Nadu. I built HCL in UP. The first computers of the world were built in UP, and the UP government has supported us all through.
April Slaughter, Reaching Beyond the Veil|...our loves ones truly are ever-present. We may bury their bodies or scatter their ashes, but their spirits are boundless and do not accompany them to the grave. The terms 'letting go' and 'closure' are just empty words. They mean nothing to someone who has suffered through the death of a loved one. Instead of insisting on figuratively burying our dead, why not keep them close to us? Love doesn't die when we do.
Janna Cachola|Businesses need to be more alert. Sometimes the problem is not the customer service, it is the product.
Criss Jami|You speak rather poorly of God when praising Him, or when wanting to praise Him, only during that which you perceive to be your highest of moments. That is many a reason behind unbelief altogether: the failed attempt to control God, to lower His standards to one's own level of understanding in doubt of His foresight and omniscience, His goodness and power. He wants to know if you are faithful enough to praise Him even when, to you, all seems lost.
Mark Schatzker, The Dorito Effect: The Surprising New Truth About Food and Flavor|Have a chocolate-covered raisin,” he said.“They look like rat droppings,” said the Chair.The Dean peered at them in the gloom.“So that’s it,” he said. “The bag fell on the floor a minute ago, and I thought there seemed rather a lot.
David S. Landes, The Wealth and Poverty of Nations: Why Some Are So Rich and Some So Poor|What a growing number of sociologists have found ought to be common sense: by locking millions of people out of the mainstream legal economy, by making it difficult or impossible for people to find housing or feed themselves, and by destroying familial bonds by warehousing millions for minor crimes, we make crime more—not less—likely in the most vulnerable communities.
Carlos Barrios|my child, if you want to have a beautiful and happy life... 2 things you need... learn the art of love and practice it with your beloved one.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to know how to pray for people, we have first to determine: Whether, they are saved or not.
John Gokongwei|Far too many times over the next 12 to 15 years, it was brought to my attention that people who followed my exercise guidelines exactly but ignored their diet, their weight and their cigarette smoking had heart attacks at age 55.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|One hand I extend into myself, the other toward others.
Alexandra May, Ethandun|Keahi: I didn’t save you, Odette. I won’t take credit for it. You saved yourself, and you saved me.Odete: So am I the princess or the hero?Keahi: I don’t see why the princess can’t be the hero. Princesses are pretty heroic, after all.
W.P. Kinsella, The Iowa Baseball Confederacy|Men learn wisdom from their sins, not from their righteous deeds.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|I respect people who have such passion. Emile was saying. "I don't. I have a lot of interests, some I'm passionate about, but not to the exclusion of everything else. I sometimes wonder if that's necessary for geniuses to accomplish what they must, a singularity of purpose. We mere mortals just get in the way. Relationships are messy, distra
Cindy Miles, Forevermore|You're crazy,' I say.'Aye,' Logan says. 'Crazy about you.
Erin Kellison, Bring Me a Dream|Well, next time that Gerry Rees comes in, send him to me,” Lois threatened. “I’ll wait until he’s nice and distracted and then boom, I’ll pull out the brass knuckles!”“You’ll do no such thing!” Maggie warned her. “That’d hurt everyone’s business here! …And you got brass knuckles? Where the hell did you get brass knuckles?”“They been in the family for years. Grandpap had ‘em down on the docks.” Lois admitted.“Lois being the oldest, they went to her…” Margaret added.“Well, just the same, we can’t afford anyone leaving any traceable marks on the gentlemen around here.”--Maggie Pollaski with the Raterink Sisters from The Ragtime Coven
Eleanor Brownn|Mindfulness requires being a beginner. Setting absurdly high-standards, and being unwilling to be a novice, are the joint enemies of personal progress and change. Nobody benchpresses 100 kilos the first time they enter a gym.
Wayne Dyer|Peace in the world is everybody's business, no matter where you live or what you do.
Evan Wright, Generation Kill: Devil Dogs, Iceman, Captain America, and the New Face of American War|I cruised into this war thinking my buddy's going to take a bullet, and I'm going to be the fucking hero pulling him out of harm's way. Instead, I end up pulling out this little girl we shot, hiding in the backseat of her dad's car.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The same conditions that prevailed in Rome prevail in our society. Before Rome fell, her standards were abandoned, the family disintegrated, divorce prevailed, immorality was rampant, and faith was at a low ebb.
Akshay Vasu|In the darkest forest, Where trees bled into the rivers and no light reached the ground. I saw the demon crawling behind me whispering everything I don't want to hear. I screamed and ran to escape it until I lost all my breath and fell on my knees. Until it laughed maniacally and whispered in my ear again "you cannot run from yourself".
Henry Ward Beecher|Food is a huge passion of mine, and because I want to eat whatever I want, I run every morning, and then I do weights a few times a week. It's just how I can balance eating pancakes in the morning, a big burger for lunch, and then a fat steak and cheesecake at night.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever is godly, loves good.
Vicki Perry, The Chat Room|My nine-month journey through this room I would describe as one of trauma, rage and deceit, all topped off with a splash of human bonding.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If your portfolio is made up of the investments that you have made in the lives of people, you will have amassed a wealth so vast that all the portfolios that will ever float the trading floor on Wall Street would, by comparison, be reckoned as nothing. And if by chance we dared to live by this truth, we would in fact would love like none other.
Sandra S. Simmons, Unleash Your Cash Flow Mojo: The Business Owner's Guide to Predicting, Planning and Controlling Your Company's Cash Flow|When it comes to money, ignorance is NOT bliss. What you don't know CAN hurt you.
Robbie Coltrane|Being a father of three children and grandfather to nine, I do think that this thing called 'parenting' is becoming increasingly difficult.
Debasish Mridha|We came to the world with love and hopeWe are the creation of hope, faith and love.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|As Feministing.com commenter electron-Blue noted in response to the 2008 New York Times Magazine article “Students of Virginity,” on abstinence clubs at Ivy League colleges, “There were a WHOLE LOTTA us not having sex at Harvard . . . but none of us thought that that was special enough to start a club about it, for pete’s sake.
Quentin Tarantino, Kill Bill|People who logically examine their relationships cannot sustain them. Two bodies, two minds, two emotions can never fit perfectly.
Aretha Franklin|If your religion doesn't respect the rights of other religions, it is lacking something.
Eknath Easwaran, The Mantram Handbook|If someone who is agitated comes to visit you, wanting to discuss their agitation and weigh the pros and cons of what action he should take, my suggestion is to give him the mantram album and say, "why don't you just write Rama, Rama, Rama a thousand times?
Michael Bassey Johnson|If a woman's vagina was hell fire, then alot of sex maniacs would prefer to spend their eternity in hell.
F.C.|You will face hard times in life. Sometimes they are supposed to come, sometimes not. Get through them no matter what, 'cause the good life is always on the other side.
Steve Martin, Born Standing Up: A Comic's Life|Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent.
James Montgomery|The quest for peace begins in the home, in the school and in the workplace.
Shauna James Ahern|Birthday Soup is good to eat, but not as good as Birthday Cake.
Jesse Ball, A Cure for Suicide|The world isn’t the place we are told to live in. It is another place entirely. We have both more choice, and less, than we are supposed to have.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When God wants to give you a miracle, He first gives you a problem.
Dakota Madison, Be Good|I was shaking so hard, I could barely get the door unlocked. I just got the door shut behind me when I sank to my knees and fell apart. I cried so hard I was nearly convulsing. I had never felt such raw emotions in my life. I felt like someone had ripped my heart out of my chest and tore it to pieces. I curled into a ball on the floor and tried desperately to disappear. But no matter how small I got, I was still here. I still existed. And for a short while, I thought I had mattered to someone. I guess I was wrong. I mattered to no one.
Lindsa Gibson|A greater love was always with me. Guiding me and waiting for me to surrender myself so that the glory of grief could bring me back to joy, where it greeted me once again.” - Just Be
Dermot Davis, Brain: The Man Who Wrote the Book That Changed the World|By their very nature, idiots do not have the intellectual capacity to identify genius. All that idiots are mentally equipped to recognize are other idiots.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|Heaven and Earth are meeting in a storm that, when it's over, will leave the air purer and the leaves fertile, but before that happens, houses will be destroyed, centuries- old trees will topple, paradises will be flooded.
Chris Evans|Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|instead of mourning, instead of a moment of silence or a hateful, islamophobic message, how about today we make the world a little brighter?be kinder. be a little gentler, with yourself and others. take more pictures. tell more jokes. be a better human.today is a lot more than a tragedy. today is a birthday. a day of suicide awareness. a wedding. a birth. a new job. today is a kiss and someone on a tarred over warehouse roof whispering about the day the earth stood still and the day it began spinning again.be kind. just be kind. it's time we took this day back for the wild ones, for the fiery eyes, for the happy and the brave and the new. no more mourning. let it just be a sunday.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|When you combine desire and faith to that it is in which you aspire to, you send an proactive force into the universe that creates a wave of energy, thus activating energy particles which then begin the manifestation process, kind of like a magnet to iron. The bigger the desire equaled with faith, the higher likeliness of materializing what it is you strive for. Stop living a life in which you are not in control of and join forces with the universe in which we are all a part of. Expand your consciousness and be grateful for every instance in the physical plane, it is what you must decide if you want to live the life that you want.
Douglas Rushkoff|The promise I've tried to honor my entire career, that the rule of law and the design of the founders, right, the oversight of courts and the oversight of Congress will be at the heart of what the FBI does.
Richard Branson|I am from the age of magazines, so the Internet is terrifying to me. But I am learning.
Karl Jaspers|The insistent drums were an unwelcome reminder of the existence of another world, wholly autonomous, with its own necessities and patterns. The message they were beating out, over and over, was for her; it was saying, not precisely that she did not exist but rather that it did not matter whether she existed or not, that her presence was of no consequence to the rest of the cosmos. It was a sensation that suddenly paralyzed her with dread. There had never been any question of her “mattering”; it went without saying that she mattered, because she was important to herself. But what was the part of her to which she mattered?
Steven Magee|The global population of Earth are involved in the following corporate government experiments: The long term effects of - 1. Nuclear bomb fallout radiation. 2. Man-made wireless radio frequency (RF) radiation. 3. Exposure to man-made electricity. 4. Eclipsing of the Sun by the International Space Station (ISS), satellites, airplanes and jet aircraft contrails (chemtrails). 5. Eating food forced grown using a variety of toxic industrial chemicals. 6. Adding massive amounts of pollution to the atmosphere and water bodies. 7. Living in metal structures. 8. Exposure to abnormally high solar radiation levels. 9. Relocating to areas that the human has no genetic adaptation to. 10. An indoor lifestyle.
Richie Norton|Note to businesspersons and salespersons: "Be professional" does not mean "be a robot." Just be friendly and act like a real person. Cool?
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be great, see greatness in others and appreciate it with your whole heart.
Josh Turner|When we look at what has the strongest statistical relationship to overall evaluation of your life, the first one is your career well-being, or the mission, purpose and meaning of what you're doing when you wake up each day.
Belsebuub, The Awakening of Perception: A Collection of Talks and Articles|The inception of human consciousness, the genesis of awareness, must have entailed prolonged 'condensations' around intractable nodes of wonder and terror, at the discriminations to be made between the self and the other, between being and non-being (the discovery of the scandal of death).
Charles Dickens, Dombey and Son|Those darling byegone times, Mr Carker,' said Cleopatra, 'with their delicious fortresses, and their dear old dungeons, and their delightful places of torture, and their romantic vengeances, and their picturesque assaults and sieges, and everything that makes life truly charming! How dreadfully we have degenerated!
Steven Pinker|Academics lack perspective. In a debate on whether the world is round, they would argue, 'No,' because it's an oblate spheroid. They suffer from 'the curse of knowledge': the inability to imagine what it's like not to know something that they know.
James Jeans|Well, I don't think we should go to the moon. I think we maybe should send some politicians up there.
Elena Kincaid, Alpha Blood|Tease me like that again, and I'll put you over my knee," Cain threatens, and my poor impulse control kicks into overdrive."I'm not teasing.
Albert Guinon|I think adversity magnifies behavior. Tend to be a control freak? You'll become more controlling. Eat for comfort? You'll eat more. And on the positive, if you tend to focus on solutions and celebrate small successes, that's what you'll do in adversity.
Nikki Rowe|When I, awoke, they called me crazy; But only those, whom were still asleep.
John D. Barrow, The Book of Nothing: Vacuums, Voids, and the Latest Ideas about the Origins of the Universe|I hold that belief in God is not merely as reasonable as other belief, or even a little or infinitely more probably true than other belief; I hold rather that unless you believe in God you can logically believe in nothing else
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|One sock can't house two feet. If it does, it’s of no use.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, My Diary from the Edge of the World|It never occurred to me before, but there could have easily been a world with no buses, no horns honking, no red lights, no shopping carts, no gum stick to the bottom of benches downtown. For that matter I guess there also could have been no sun, no trees, and no ocean. None of those things had to exist, I guess. It makes me feel lucky that they do.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|But what we are given is taken as well, so that we know God's glory comes to us from His will alone.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I dreamed my shoulders held up the sky for a thousand hawks that squawked and cawed and beat their feathered wings against the hotness of the day. I supported their flight, watching and marveling, until sweat dripped from my body, and groans crossed my lips over fatiguing muscles. Choosing to let the sky fall, I awoke. My eyes opened to a cast of hawks gripping me in their talons. They supported my weight, hauling me high above the clouds through a blue expanse of heaven. And though they struggled—squawking and flapping wearily—never once did a single bird release its hold.
Abhinav Rajput|Being intellectually perfect is a very easy task, but being experiential perfect is the very tough task, needs very much courage and equanimity. - Abhinav Rajput
Alan W. Watts, The Essential Alan Watts|In a relativistic universe you don't cling to anything, you learn to swim. And you know what swimming is - it's kind of a relaxed attitude with the water. In which you don't keep yourself afloat by holding the water, but by a certain giving to it.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The only enemy which stands between the talent you posses and success you achieve is known as "EGO" in our Society
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|Between what i see in a field and what I see in another fieldThere passes for a moment the figure of a man.His steps go with “him” in the same reality,But I look at him and them, and they’re two things:The “man” goes walking with his ideas, false and foreign,And his steps go with the ancient system that makes legs walk.I see him from a distance without any opinion at all.How perfect that he is in him what he is — his body,His true reality which doesn’t have desires or hopes,But muscles and the sure and impersonal way of using them.
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|Art, like dreams, helps our eyes to see what our hearts already know.
Gail  Davis, Miracle of Faith|You may regard yourself as a accident from the cosmos, but I prefer to think of you as a miracle.
Lil' Kim|The person who comes up to you and makes the most noise and is the most intrusive is invariably the person in the room who has no respect for you at all, and it's really all about them.
Émile Zola, The Earth|May God save any country to remain in a position to choose between a genius of bad character and a stupid of good character, because both will bring disaster to that country!
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|That is the idea -- that we should all be wicked if we did not hold to the Christian religion. It seems to me that the people who have held to it have been for the most part extremely wicked. You find this curious fact, that the more intense has been the religion of any period and the more profound has been the dogmatic belief, the greater has been the cruelty and the worse has been the state of affairs. In the so-called ages of faith, when men really did believe the Christian religion in all its completeness, there was the Inquisition, with all its tortures; there were millions of unfortunate women burned as witches; and there was every kind of cruelty practiced upon all sorts of people in the name of religion.You find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world. I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.You may think that I am going too far when I say that that is still so. I do not think that I am. Take one fact. You will bear with me if I mention it. It is not a pleasant fact, but the churches compel one to mention facts that are not pleasant. Supposing that in this world that we live in today an inexperienced girl is married to a syphilitic man; in that case the Catholic Church says, 'This is an indissoluble sacrament. You must endure celibacy or stay together. And if you stay together, you must not use birth control to prevent the birth of syphilitic children.' Nobody whose natural sympathies have not been warped by dogma, or whose moral nature was not absolutely dead to all sense of suffering, could maintain that it is right and proper that that state of things should continue.That is only an example. There are a great many ways in which, at the present moment, the church, by its insistence upon what it chooses to call morality, inflicts upon all sorts of people undeserved and unnecessary suffering. And of course, as we know, it is in its major part an opponent still of progress and improvement in all the ways that diminish suffering in the world, because it has chosen to label as morality a certain narrow set of rules of conduct which have nothing to do with human happiness; and when you say that this or that ought to be done because it would make for human happiness, they think that has nothing to do with the matter at all. 'What has human happiness to do with morals? The object of morals is not to make people happy.
John Oates|I love the Army-Navy surplus store Surplus Value Center. They have really good long underwear and multicolored bandanas, cool camo jackets, and really, really scary-looking knives. If you're into that sort of thing.
Tsitsi Dangarembga, The Book of Not|From their perspective, however, torture might make a sort of cockeyed sense if it was ritualistic, part of a ceremony that this fraternity of the demented required of themselves when they murdered one of their own.
Auliq Ice|People can hurt you,but you can still love.People can betray you,but you can still trust.People can put you down,but you can still rise.People can oppose you,but you can still prevail.
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|I have always thought that if women's hair posed so many problems, God would certainly have made us bald.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Every thought you cultivate is a brushstroke on the canvas of your life. Your life then, is an outer picture of your inner thoughts.
Daniel Waterman|With drug use related harms, explanatory models are often presented as predictive tools, even though they ‘are [rarely if ever] predictive of consequent behavior’ or outcomes. Hence, we feel confident in asserting at outset, that prohibition based approaches in drug policy lack a sound basis in empirical research (despite sounding logical, i.e. remove drugs or the means of their production and less drugs will be available to users, thus minimising or eliminating harm), and are not animated by well-defined goals, goals that are not only consistent with the ethical and humanitarian aims of public health policy in general, but also with the fundamental principles of democracy) such as empowering or enabling those best placed to act, but by beliefs, assumptions, hypotheses and expectations.
Erik Erikson|It's a long haul bringing up our children to be good; you have to keep doing that — bring them up — and that means bringing things up with them: Asking, telling, sounding them out, sounding off yourself — finding, through experience, your own words, your own way of putting them together. You have to learn where you stand, and make sure your kids learn [where you stand], understand why, and soon, you hope, they'll be standing there beside you, with you.
Brenda Ueland|The imagination needs moodling,--long, inefficient happy idling, dawdling and puttering. 
Fakeer Ishavardas|I used to think this was all about good and evil,” said Rickett, “but it’s not.”“No?”“There’s a kind of evil that isn’t even in opposition to good, because good is an irrelevance to it. It’s a foulness that’s right at the heart of existence, born with the stuff of the universe. It’s in the decay to which all things tend. It is, and it always will be, but in dying we leave it behind.”“And while we’re alive?”“We set our souls against it, and our saints and angels, too.” He patted Parker on the shoulder. “Especially the destroying ones.
Sarah E. Olson|If you’re being tormented by guilt or feelings of failure in this area, confess your thoughts to God, pray about it, put it in God’s hands, and then stand up and proclaim the truth!
Catherine B. Roy, Live From Your Heart and Mind: The Secret to the Simplicity of Connecting your Heart and Mind on the Road to Happiness and Success.|If you are in hard times, ask yourself: “What would this problem and my life mean to people two hundred years from now?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|These three children own the summer. They know the wood as surely as they know the micro landscapes of their own grazed knees; put them down blindfolded in any dell or clearing and they could find their way out without putting a foot wrong. This is their territory, and they rule it wild and lordly as young animals; they scramble through its trees and hide-and-seek in its hollows all the endless day long, and all night in their dreams.
Alyxandra Harvey, Out for Blood|Oh, I forgot to mention it: My brother is the kind of man whom women stalk. In cooperative packs.
Christine Ann Lawson, Understanding the Borderline Mother: Helping Her Children Transcend the Intense, Unpredictable, and Volatile Relationship|The Queen is controlling, the Witch is sadistic, the Hermit is fearful, and the Waif is helpless.And each requires a different approach. Don't let the Queen get the upper hand; be wary even of accepting gifts because it engenders expectations. Don't internalize the Hermit's fears or become limited by them. Don't allow yourself to be alone with the Witch; maintain distance for your own emotional and physical safety. And with the Waif, don't get pulled into her crises and sense of victimization. Pay attention to your own tendencies to want to rescue her, which just feeds the dynamic.
Henry Johnson Jr|People can believe in their own progress and success. They can even believe in strangers success. But when it comes to success of anyone from their social circle, they think, it must be by fluke and the other person doesn't deserve it.
Dennis Prager|You judge people in the context of their time, not in the context of ours.
Marcus Samuelsson|I've been lucky to travel and work all over the world through the lens of the back of the house, and I love that monocle. I love that lens, because it's real people.
Albert Einstein|In the view of such harmony in the cosmos which I, with my limited human mind, am able to recognize, there are yet people who says there is no God. But what makes me really angry is that they quote me for support of such views. (The Expanded Quotable Einstein, Princeton University, page 214)
Shannon L. Alder|You might not get the apology you deserve. You might not get answers to explain the actions of others. You might not get truth that makes sense to you. You might not get people to understand what you went through because of them. You might not get communication. You might not get maturity. You might not get mercy or even common decency. You might not get respect or the chance to explain your side of the story. However, you do get to choose how people treat you. God loves you enough to bring people into your life who won't hurt you, abuse you, betray you, lie and gossip about you, psycho analyse you, break your heart or make you an option or choice. He will bring people into your life that will love you, respect you, fight for you, show gratitude for your love and want to be a part of your life mission. The best part of this is you don't have to convince them of your worth. They want to be there. They know your value. They know your struggles. They are in touch with their own faults and understand you struggle just like everyone else. They won't hold you to a greater standard then they do themselves. They care about you and don't want to see you cry, feel discouraged or give up on this life. When you know the power of who you are and what you have to accomplish you will scratch your head in disbelief that you allowed other people to dictate who you are based on little knowledge of what God knows about you and your life purpose. Letting go isn't about accepting defeat or acknowledging you were wrong. Sometimes letting go is realizing that God has something better in store for you.
Deyth Banger|What I got in life that can't be probated I reckon I'll have to take with me. Mostly that is my thankful recollections of all the folks who crossed my trail since I shed my first tears in the year of 1880. Sometimes I had to look hard to find God in them, but most times I found Him. Usually it turned out to be easier to find than I had figured," Sheriff Bud Smith.
Santosh Avvannavar, Umbilical Cord: A cord that remains, always, in many ways...|No construction of thought represents a label, barrier, or a full stop. Each sentence, paragraph, and page represents an exploratory probe into the unknown; each statement is an act of experimentation, investigation, creation, and growth.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|His way was like other people's; he mounted no high horse; he was justa man and a citizen. He indulged in no Socratic irony. But hisdiscourse was full of Attic grace; those who heard it went away neitherdisgusted by servility, nor repelled by ill-tempered censure, but onthe contrary lifted out of themselves by charity, and encouraged tomore orderly, contented, hopeful lives.
Hari Parameshwar, Chase of Choices|It is an inherent nature of life: Whenever success is in your reach, it tosses either an unexpected obstacle or an alluring offer, straight on your path. That unexpected manifestation, obstacle or offer, would either prompt you to press the panic button or distract your focus from your target. As you become busy dealing with the fresh situation, time, with its own flair, flies miles away from your reach, with the reward in offer. Those who endure, without getting disturbed by the obstacle or decoyed by the illusive offer, will reap the fruit. Others will flop, falling as victims to life’s conspiracy.
Philip Pullman, Fairy Tales from the Brothers Grimm: A New English Version|The thing about fairy tales is that the princess find her prince, but there's usually a price to pay. A compromise is required for happily ever after. The woman in the fair tale is general the one who pays the price. This seems to be the nature of sacrifice.
Vicky McClure|We are a party of innovation. We do not reject our traditions, but we are willing to adapt to changing circumstances, when change we must. We are willing to suffer the discomfort of change in order to achieve a better future.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Lily knew then that Sheen was right. She would have a horse one day, but not for a long time. When she did, she would have control over what she could and could not have, although maybe she could right now, to an extent. She might not be able to have a horse, but she could choose to have Sheen as a friend, if he was willing to be her friend.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Do you ever just sit there and cry, and you say Wow I had no idea I had this many feelings suppressed?
LeBron James|I don't think a female running a house is a problem, a broken family. It's perceived as one because of the notion that a head is a man.
Ben Carson|Reimbursement is a major determinant of how medicine is practiced. When reimbursement changes, so do medical practice and medical education.
Hunter S. Jones, September Ends|Young people are inept at love; it is like being given a flying machine, and you leap inside, ready to set off as you've always dreamed, yet you don't have the first notion of how to make it start, much less how to make it move.
Neal Shusterman, UnWholly|The measure of a man is not how much he suffers in the test, but how he comes out at the end.
Bill Willingham, Fables, Vol. 18: Cubs in Toyland|Murderers don't get forgiven just because we promise to be good from now on. We have to earn our way back. One hundred is the price. One hundred lives for each we took. That seems fair. That's how we get whole again and that's our work, from now until as long as it takes.
Alfred Hayes, In Love|There were times when I would forget her, though they were rare, and it would be for a time as though she had never existed; and then some passing girl's inadvertent gesture, or an accidental profile, or a hat like hers, would restore her, and restore the suffering too, and I would long again, somehow, to encounter or to see her.
Nanavira Thera|Listening to Beethoven also is sensuality, but when you have said 'sex' you have said all. A man who can give up sex can give up Beethoven.
Robyn Carr, The Promise|Doubt filled her eyes. “What are we betting for, anyway?”He hadn’t thought about that, but it took his brain all of three seconds to come up with an answer. He knew damn well what he wanted from her. Had for years.“A kiss.” The words slipped from his lips before he could stop them, but once out, he didn’t want to take them back. “One kiss after you come back and see she’s all right.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Never close the door of your heart to anyone. They may not be in vibrational alignment today, so you must place physical distance between you and them for your own well-being, but later in life, they may awaken and seek forgiveness, understanding, and peace. If you close the door to your heart, when they come seeking later on, they will find their way blocked and may walk away without knocking, since it took all the courage they had to just approach. Yet, if you leave the door open to your warm heart and they see that you are full of welcoming energy, co-creation will always be the reward, allowing you to make together a more beautiful world for all.
Anita Krishan|We are mosaics - pieces of light, love, history, stars -- glued together with magic and music and words.
Kimberly Sabatini, Touching the Surface|When I kiss you, it will be THE kiss, not just A kiss.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|To love one’s self, this is the greatest challenge we are all called to face.
Oriana Fallaci|Changing much-cherished bank secrecy laws is worth the effort. Corruption, tax evasion, and the capture of natural resource revenues undermine the rule of law, weaken the social fabric, erode citizens' trust in institutions, fuel conflict and insecurity, and hamper job creation.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|You travelamong the starswhilst I grovelupon this earth.Deep down I knew,it would takeseveral more lifetimesbefore I couldreach you.
Hilary Mantel, Vacant Possession|Give me a book,” she said. “A book of sermons, anything.”“What do you want a book for?”“I want words. I’ve got to have more words. I was kept stupid on purpose.
Scott Westerfeld|I feel like I am a real artist and I want to be able to feel what I am singing about. So when I sing, 'Leave (Get Out),' I have been through that. I think it is just a new generation, whether people are ready for it or not. Teenagers are dating.
Deepak Chopra|When you struggle with your partner, you are struggling with yourself. Every fault you see in them touches a denied weakness in yourself.
Sherry Leclerc, The Guardians of Eastgate|Amie frowned. 'That’s what I can’t figure out. I mean everyone wants their happy ending, right? No one cares about reading actual literature anymore anyway. All they want is vampires and supernatural mumbo-jumbo. It’s sick, really.
Louis Farrakhan|Your days are short here; this is the last of your springs. And now in the serenity and quiet of this lovely place, touch the depths of truth, feel the hem of Heaven. You will go away with old, good friends. And don't forget when you leave why you came.
Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening|People meant to be together will always take detours through pain, misunderstanding and pride, but some how they always drift back to the one thing that makes them feel alive.
Carmela Dutra|And therefore a giant hammer of pure stupidity lashed out of the screen and felled me again. I lay mewling, clutching my head with my sweaty hands, whimpering for my Mommy to make it stop. MAKE IT STOP! 	But it did not stop. It. Did. Not. Stop. -- The Desolation of Tolkien
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|Truths are written, never said... Lines are drawn, but then they fade.
Marcello Malpighi|Simply raising the theme of animals in the Third Reich means that our narrative is no longer only an account of what human beings have done to one another, but also about our relations with the natural world. If,viewed against the magnitude and terror of historical events, our personal lives appear almost trivial, the lives of animals may seem more so, and evento raise the subject can at first seem either insensitive or pedantic. At thesame time, this new dimension places the events in an even vaster perspective still, one in which even the greatest battles and horrendouscrimes can begin to fade into insignificance. This is the standpoint of evolutionary time, in which humankind itself may be no more than arelatively brief episode. Perhaps the focus on animals may help us to finda more harmonious balance between the personal, historic, and cosmiclevels, on which, simultaneously we conduct our lives.
George Saunders, Tenth of December|This was how I would die. Strangled by an attractive, seminaked woman inside a fridge with a giant tarantula in the middle of a sea of carnivorous jam. As I blacked out, all I could think of was a fortune teller I'd spoken to a few years ago, and how full of shit she'd turned out to be.
Talees Rizvi|The fact is that solving problem is hard. If a given problem still exists, you can bet that a lot of people have already come along and failed to solve it. Easy problems evaporate; it is the hard ones that linger. Furthermore, it takes a lot of time to track down, organize, and analyze the data to answer one small question well.
Julia Cameron, God is No Laughing Matter|We need to bridge our sense of loneliness and disconnection with a sense of community and continuity even if we must manufacture it from our time on the Web and our use of calling cards to connect long distance. We must “log on” somewhere, and if it is only in cyberspace, that is still far better than nowhere at all. (264)
Shannon L. Alder|So many people think that they are not gifted because they don’t have an obvious talent that people can recognize because it doesn’t fall under the creative arts category—writing, dancing, music, acting, art or singing. Sadly, they let their real talents go undeveloped, while they chase after fame. I am grateful for the people with obscure unremarked talents because they make our lives easier---inventors, organizers, planners, peacemakers, communicators, activists, scientists, and so forth. However, there is one gift that trumps all other talents—being an excellent parent. If you can successfully raise a child in this day in age to have integrity then you have left a legacy that future generations will benefit from.
Lynsey Addario|Beauty can be seen in all things, seeing and composing the beauty is what separates the snapshot from the photograph.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Believe it or don't believe it, Madame. But my feet are tired too. Bloody tired. Like a dead man's.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|You can say anything to anyone, but how you say it will determine how they will react.
A.C. Grayling|The present importance of the Book of Job cannot be expressed adequately even by saying that it is the most interesting of ancient books. We may almost say of the Book of Job that it is the most interesting of modern books. In truth, of course, neither of the two phrases covers the matter, because fundamental human religion and fundamental human irreligion are both at once old and new; philosophy is either eternal or it is not philosophy. The modern habit of saying, 'This is my opinion, but I may be wrong,' is entirely irrational. If I say that it may be wrong I say that is not my opinion. The modern habit of saying 'Every man has a different philosophy; this is my philosophy and its suits me'; the habit of saying this is mere weak-mindedness. A cosmic philosophy is not constructed to fit a man; a cosmic philosophy is constructed to fit a cosmos. A man can no more possess a private religion than he can possess a private sun and moon.
Jay Woodman|Hungry for beautiful words, the fox comes rooting around in the hedge, almost too close to the fire. He reads my mind with one glance and is gone. All my poetry is now trotting around the bushes inside him, maybe some day to be partly eaten or left to rot. He understands being alive for as long as he can be, and does not worry about why, or what might happen afterwards.
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|It doesn't matter if people are playing jazz or writing poetry -- if they want to be successful, they need to learn how to persist and persevere, how to keep on working until the work is done. Woody Allen famously declared that "eighty percent of success is showing up." NOCCA (New Orleans Center for the Creative Arts) teaches kids how to show up again and again.
Madelaine Standing, Heaven In The Meat Packing District|Some of the greatest journeys of humankind are those that, at the time being, only the one living it understands.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|...And I wish that while walking in your life's lane, you come across and walk with dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let all the positive spirit & energies of this universe come together this way, your way, making every journey of your life most beautiful, fulfilling and prideful. Let the world feel blessed and continue to get better by touch of your elegance.
Dada Bhagwan|Why should one ever get pain? One is the Absolute Supreme Self (parmatma), how can one have any pain? It is the egoism that causes pain and it is also the egoism that suffers the pain! The absolute Supreme Self doesn’t have any suffering!
Sebastian Faulks|It's sad, the lottery. Good projects get funded by it, but there's an air of desperation about it.
Jeanette Winterson, Lighthousekeeping|I knew it like destiny, and at the same time, I knew it as choice.
Avijeet Das|The so called beautiful people, especially the ones who are obsessed with their looks, bore me. They just have this superficiality in all things that they do or want to accomplice in life. It is like they want to look 'beautiful' all the time but not 'be beautiful' from within. I like depth. People who go deep into the way of things and the meaning of life. People who may not look beautiful but are truly beautiful!
Zoe Trope, Please Don't Kill the Freshman|sometimes every word i write is 'love' but the letters are rearranged, the sounds are different. all the words are red.
Julie Hecht|~Seasons of Life~When the sunburn I blind,When the sky showers I cover,When the wind blows I blanket,When the death calls I undergo,When would I experience the nature?
Dianna Wyles, Heart Blessings: A Children's Seek and Find|Life can be stressful! When the world Shouts "Chaos" God's messages of Love whisper "Seek My Peace" Encourage Children to search out God's Blessings in life!
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Like a turnip such a head could be blown away very easily. For where a man was weak, a woman has unmanned him. It would be a mercy to blow such a man away.
James Madison|Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
Trofim Lysenko|A theoretical grounding in agronomy must, therefore, include knowledge of biological laws.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|We are Not Our thought , return to being in You and enjoy the Love that shared by the God(infinity).
Arthur Conan Doyle|That's what Father and Mother are, thought Nafai. They stay together, not because of any gain, but because of the gift. Father doesn't stay with Mother because she is good for him, but rather because together they can do good for us, and for many others.
Ari Berman, Give Us the Ballot: The Modern Struggle for Voting Rights in America|You're the social one." - Lissa Dragomir
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|You've turned into quite a bossy little thing," Myrnin said. "I think I might like it.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|And even with the book closed, the voices do not stop--there are echoes and reverberations that seem to leap off the pages and mischievously leave the novel tingling in our ears.
|If you haven't been successful fighting your battles on your own, by all means invite God and His Angels to take the lead in your life.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|The day she realized they were never meant to be, is the day she now calls her - Birthday.
Stephen Altrogge|When someone says "just saying" what they really mean is, "You would be a colossal idiot to not take my advice." (on Facebook)
Freya North, Chances|She had a thing for cocky assholes. When they expressed interest in her it seemed meaningful. When nice guys hit on her, she had trouble caring. 
E.L. Doctorow|To read a writer is for me not merely to get an idea of what he says, but to go off with him and travel in his company.
Lailah Gifty Akita|..So neither he who plants nor he who waters is anything, but only God, who makes things grow. 1 Corinthians 3:7
Maxim Gorky, Mother|the mother again remarked the simplicity and calmness of their relation to each other. it was hard for her to get used to it. no kissing, no affictionate words passed between them but they behaved so sincerely, so amicably and so solicitously toward each other. in the life she had been accustomed to, people kissed a great deal and uttered many sentimental words, but always bit at one another like hungry dogs.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|If we are wonderful parents and family members, then there’s really nothing else to prove.
Patricia Briggs, Silence Fallen|Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish: The realm. Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies, a story we agree to tell each other over and over, until we forget that it's a lie.Lord Varys: But what do we have left, once we abandon the lie? Chaos? A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish: Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some, are given a chance to climb. They refuse, they cling to the realm or the gods or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.
Charmaine J. Forde|«Regrets»... I regret how timid and meek I was back then... always telling myself that I couldn't do anything, never even daring to try. That's definitely something I regret. " (p.330)
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|Don't ever let anyone tell you that fairy tales aren't real. I drink a potion made from magic beans every day, and it brings me back to life.
Eric Idle|Life should be blissful, and blissful doesn't mean just a small happiness. It's huge. It is profound.
Joe Hill, Horns|Pride becomes the blanket transgression that conceals the rest of our sins, allowing us to remain blind to them.
Pearl S. Buck, Fighting Angel|Somehow I had learned from Thoreau, who doubtless learned it from Confucius, that if a man comes to do his own good for you, then must you flee that man and save yourself
Charles Dickens|I wrote letters in the classroom, I wrote letters at my desk at home with Seagull in my lap, I wrote letters at empty tables during my breaks at the Italian restaurant. It was as if I were writing letters to hold together the pieces of my crumbling life.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Leaders can set targets as high as they like, but when followers are not aware of the vision in place; it may just be another futile endeavor.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If it has to be done, take the responsibility to do it.
Joseph Smith Jr.|Then I told myself that as I never gave the Church a thought when I was feeling happy, I could hardly expect it to do anything for me when I wasn't. You can't get insurance money without paying in premiums.
Dave Matthes, Bar Nights|Let me ask you this: How many days do you have left, if any, in the life you promised for yourself yesterday?
Friedrich Nietzsche|I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Lana Del Rey|The road is long, we carry on, try to have fun in the meantime.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|But sometimes the pieces fall together the way they want to, and you can't change the story; all you can do is try to ride it out.
Caroline Kepnes, You|And [Benji] cheats on you, Beck. A lot. Compulsively. He is in intense pursuit of a performance artist who fucks with his head the way he fucks with yours.
Nikki Rowe|I could have loved him with everything I had but he wasn't prepared for the depth i provided ~ had I been a woman of weakness I would have stayed, but he lost the chance when he said I wasn't enough that day.
Debasish Mridha|Be yourself, love yourself,be somebody then give yourself.
Doris Kearns Goodwin|It wouldn’t matter if he was a bad boy , if you got rid of your bad habit. Be encouraged
Kelly Creagh, Enshadowed|Gabe held my face between his hands. “What you two have — it’s a once in a lifetime — you fight for him, sweetheart. Fight for him with every last breath. No regrets, okay?
Chris Crutcher, Deadline|So you didn’t tell me it was a messed-up idea to keep this all a secret because. . .” Because experience is the only teacher,” Hey-Soos says. “Even if I could have told you, it would have been a lecture. Why do you think kids don’t listen to their parents, or people don’t leave churches and do what the preacher tells them? There’s only one thing that’s universal.” What’s that?” The truth.
Frederick Dodson, Parallel Universes of Self|No one decides where I go, least of all myself, though each step is where it must be.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|A mind cluttered with past thoughts, old conversations and unhealed wounds can only serve to drag us down and compromise our ability to live free.
Brent M. Jones|Memory fills my nightHelp make my pain and memories lightIn your arms I find comfortGuide me in my daysHold me in Thy armsHelp me Lord, this night
R.A.Delmonico|President Obama and the so call "Department of Justice" has ripped the fabric of America's People and suborning hate among African Americans against Law Enforcement and Whites. These actions have made President Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former Attorney General Eric Holder the biggest racists of all times.
Louise Glück, Faithful and Virtuous Night|(after many years) we were still at that first stage, stillpreparing to begin a journey, but we were changed nevertheless;we could see this in one another; we had changed althoughwe never moved, and one said, ah, behold how we have aged, travelingfrom day to night only, neither forward nor sideward, and this seemedin a strange way miraculous. And those who believed we should have a purposebelieved this was the purpose, and those who felt we must remain freein order to encounter truth felt it had been revealed.
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|I thought you only had eyes for your ship.”	God, she was beautiful. “Until I met you.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|The August 1 story had carried their joint byline; the day afterward, Woodward asked Sussman if Bernstein's name could appear with his on the follow-up story - though Bernstein was still in Miami and had not worked on it. From the on, any Watergate story would carry both names. Their colleagues melded the two into one and gleefully named their byline Woodstein.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Mary Renault, The Charioteer|We're on a hunt, Cooper. When you're on a hunt, you do whatever it takes.
Helen Mirren|I could happily lean on a gate all the livelong day, chatting to passers-by about the wind and the rain. I do a lot of gate-leaning while I am supposed to be gardening; instead of hoeing, I lean on the gate, stare at the vegetable beds and ponder.
Markus Zusak|If we were entirely sane, if madness did not have a serious grip on one side of us, other people's tragedies would hold a great deal less interest for us.
Beth Moore Jones|God hasn't called you to walk in someone else's shoes (purpose). He wants you to walk in the shoes that fit you, for which He made you. You aren't going to succeed walking in another woman's shoes.
Marianne Williamson|Living in America and, of course, just being women in general, we've got more strength than we think we do.
Dada Bhagwan|One achieves the Self-state (swa-artha) while searching for the highest truth (param-artha). The search for the highest truth is solely for the purpose of attaining the Self, and once the Self is attained there is no need to search for the highest truth.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|There’s a quote that has been said too many times by too many people: I must have done something right to deserve you in my life. Perhaps despite all our wrong doings and mistakes, despite all our failures and imperfections, we have done something right, for something good still happens in life.
John Sayles, Los Gusanos: A Novel|When you sneak into somebody’s backyard, it does seem that guts and curiosity are working together. Curiosity can bring guts out of hiding at times, maybe even get them going. But curiosity usually evaporates. Guts have to go for the long haul. Curiosity’s like a fun friend you can’t really trust. It turns you on and then it leaves you to make it on your own-with whatever guts you can muster.
Dorothy Parker|I require three things in a man: he must be handsome, ruthless, and stupid.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|Talent without money, coach, vision and mission is a piteous adventure.
Steve Erickson|I don't watch the movies I'm in - ever. Sometimes I keep pictures, but that's it. I used to watch my movies, because I didn't want to be rude to the people making them, but I stopped a few years ago. I think it's pretty common among actors. It's like listening to your own voice, but multiplied by a million.
Ally Condie, Matched|...he said, with sort of a little derisive smile, "How can you walk down the street with all this stuff going on inside you?" I said, "I don't know how you can walk down the street with nothing going on inside you.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|2. Stutter. I can be on the phone for hours with my best friend, but if confronted by a cute guy, wham! I get power outage, my brain is short circuited. You'd be lucky to get anything out of me besides "er...um...uh..." and a ton of blushing.3.Stumble. I trip over my own feet. Yeah it's easy to do that when you're five feet seven and gangly, but I managed to make the dance teacher cry when I was five years old. Or even worse, I knock things over and spill things over and spill food.
Taylor Swift|I write a lot of songs about love and I think that’s because to me love seems like this huge complicated thing. But it seems like every once in a while, two people get it figured out, two people get it right. And so I think the rest of us, we walk around daydreaming about what that might be like. To find that one great love, where all of a sudden everything that seemed to be so complicated, became simple. And everything that used to seem so wrong all of a sudden seemed right because you were with the person who made you feel fearless.
Widad Akreyi|If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The reason you don't succeed in life is because you are too lenient with your deadly enemies. Identify them and eradicate them completely, don't let any of their seed escape your vengeful sword. Don't negotiate with the enemy and never make deals with them. Only after you have wiped them out of the map will success smile at you
George MacDonald Fraser, Flashman and the Redskins|So the starry sky turns round like a millstone, always bringing some trouble, and men being born or dying.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|He noticed that she threw away the crumbled bus ticket on the street as soon as she got down. He picked it up and put it in his pocket along with his own a memorabilia of their first date together, just like a strand of her hair he would find later on his shirt and the broken pen cap that she would go on to search in the laboratory and so many other such small things which he would collect.
Kevin Awad|Don't work for something in Exchange, Work on something for a Change.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story|Being busy helping customers meant that I had no time to train the way I was used to, with an intense four-or five-hour workout each day. So I adopted the idea of training twice a day, two hours before work and two hours from seven to nine in the evening, when business slacked off and only the serious lifters were left. Split workouts seemed like an annoyance at first, but I realized I was onto something when I saw the results: I was concentrating better and recovering faster while grinding out longer and harder sets. On many days I would add a third training session at lunchtime. I'd isolate a body part that I thought was weak and give it thirty or forty minutes of my full attention, blasting twenty sets of calf raises, say, or one hundred triceps extensions. I did the same thing some nights after dinner, coming back to train for an hour at eleven o'clock. As I went to sleep in my snug little room, I'd often feel one or another muscle that I'd traumatized that day jumping and twitching-just a side effect of a successful workout and every pleasing, because I knew those fibers would now recover and grow.
Jo Walton, Among Others|It isn't really magic, except that it is. It's not magic that reaches into the world ands changes things. It's all inside my body. I thought, sitting there, that everything is magic. Using things connects them to you, being in the world connects you to the world, the sun streams down magic and people and animals and plants grow from sunlight and the world turns and everything is magic.
Peter Bergen|I think it's too bad that everybody's decided to turn on drugs, I don't think drugs are the problem. Crime is the problem. Cops are the problem. Money's the problem. But drugs are just drugs.
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|It would, therefore, seem obvious that patriotism as a feeling is bad and harmful, and as a doctrine is stupid. For it is clear that if each people and each State considers itself the best of peoples and States, they all live in a gross and harmful delusion.
Eric McCormack|Montana and I had a chemistry that was unbelievable. When I first came into the league he told me I added five years to his career, and I just think we complimented each other very well and were able to do some amazing things out on the football field.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|She wished Michael had had a grandfather like this guy Morty, someone to tell him, "It's a rotten deal, the house always wins. Just sit at the table and play for all you're worth." Instead of one who showed him how to die.
Judith Ortiz Cofer, The Line of the Sun|She was mourning all her life - not for her husband, who had released her with his death, but for her own dead heart.
Ellen Hopkins, Traffick|In a way, being an addict is very proactive. A good addiction takes the guesswork out of death. There is such a thing as planning your getaway.
Patrick MacGill|If I have to travel, I'm going to travel my way and travel in the real world. And I'm going to have conversations every day with people in rest stops and people in gas stations and people in hotels and diners. That nourishes me.
Wendy Kopp|Every summer, I regret that I didn't become a college teacher. Such a sweet life! With all that vacation time! You'll never get me to believe that being a tenured professor at a good college is anything but Heaven on earth.
Moses Y. Mikheyev|Souls soar high above reach,Hands extend but never touch,Words exchanged in dulcet tones,Tis a fated moment to understand one's truth,Time to let go.
Muhammad Iqbal|The rejection of Western democracy derives from the same rejection of secularism but was further sharpened by the Saudi Arabian establishment’s aversion to democracy’s subversive streak and the threat it posed to the Saudi monarchy if unleashed. Saudi scholars such as Sheikh Bakr Ibn Abu Zaid consistently attacked democracy and the freedoms it flaunted as anti-Islamic. Mohammed Yusuf was heavily influenced by the writings of Saudi-based scholars such as Bakr Ibn Abu Zaid, Sheikh Abdul Aziz Ibn Abd-Allah Ibn Baaz (1910-99), and Sheikh Muhammad al-Amin ash Shanqiti (1907-73). As mentioned before, all of Yusuf’s opponents side-stepped the issue of democracy being un-Islamic, thereby making the issue appear incontestable or settled.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|When it shall be desired to enlighten man, let him always have truth laid before him. Instead of kindling his imagination by the idea of those pretended goods that a future state has in reserve for him, let him be solaced, let him be succoured; or, at least, let him be permitted to enjoy the fruit of his labour; let not his substance be ravaged from him by cruel imposts; let him not be discouraged from work, by finding all his labour inadequate to support his existence, let him not be driven into that idleness that will surely lead him on to crime: let him consider his present existence, without carrying his views to that which may attend him after his death: let his industry be excited; let his talents be rewarded; let him be rendered active, laborious, beneficent, and virtuous, in the world he inhabits; let it be shown to him that his actions are capable of having an influence over his fellow men, but not on those imaginary beings located in an ideal world.
Catharine Arnold, Necropolis: London and Its Dead|This story shall the good man teach his son;And Crispin Crispian shall ne'er go by,From this day to the ending of the world,But we in it shall be remembered-We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;For he to-day that sheds his blood with meShall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,This day shall gentle his condition;And gentlemen in England now-a-bedShall think themselves accurs'd they were not here,And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaksThat fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day
Walter Dean Myers|Fresh out of college, you tend to join a company because it's a job. But, you tend to stay because it becomes a career; you start to feel at home. In the beginning of your career, you're focused on you: 'I like this place because I'm doing rewarding work; they take good care of me; the people are nice; there's runway for me,' etc.
Sigmund Freud, The Ego and the Id|I want to be Tragedy, I want to be Juliet, I want to be Romeo. Thus with a kiss I die.
Nina -, Johnny Kiddow|Boredom is a symptom of a conditioned and closed mind. If you are bored, you’re doing yourself a tremendous disservice. Open your mind, break-free from your conditioned routine, and reignite the flames of excitement and discovery.
Lisa Mantchev, So Silver Bright|Her profile as well as her stature and bearing seemed to gain the more dignity from her plain garments, which by the side of provincial fashion gave her the impressiveness of a fine quotation from the Bible,—or from one of our elder poets,—in a paragraph of to-day’s newspaper.
Paul Valery|He who draws noble delights from sentiments of poetry is a true poet, though he has never written a line in all his life.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|the mind is a treasuretrove, an almanac, a tomb.
Sophocles, Oedipus at Colonus|I could not turn away from anyone Like you, a stranger, or refuse to help him. I know well, being mortal, that my claimUpon the future is no more than yours.
Madonna|To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return. To just give. That takes courage, because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt.
Candice Swanepoel|Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up; it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but it's rarely driving the car.
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|Of course, reading novels was just another form of escape. As soon as he closed their pages he had to come back to the real world. But at some point Tengo noticed that returning to reality from the world of a novel was not as devastating a blow as returning from the world of mathematics. Why should that have been? After much deep thought, he reached a conclusion. No matter how clear the relationships of things might become in the forest of story, there was never a clear-cut solution. That was how it differed from math. The role of a story was, in the broadest terms, to transpose a single problem into another form. Depending on the nature and direction of the problem, a solution could be suggested in the narrative. Tengo would return to the real world with that suggestion in hand. It was like a piece of paper bearing the indecipherable text of a magic spell. At times it lacked coherence and served no immediate practical purpose. But it would contain a possibility. Someday he might be able to decipher the spell. That possibility would gently warm his heart from within.
Germany Kent|The bigger the victory, the bigger the battle. Still, be the light and a change agent for healing, restoration and transformation.
Jeaniene Frost, One Grave at a Time|Your mum pounced on her and started sucking away. Would’ve been arousing if not for all the screaming.”“Ian,” Bones drew out warningly.He grinned. “You’re right. I was aroused anyway.
Auliq Ice|Attaining achievement is not simple. It is not attain by chance, you have to work with it. There ought to be diligence and own path on the best way to accomplish achievement. It takes much time before having the tree grown foods of your work. As you come the way, you will know the things on the best way to be fruitful. Achievement needs time, exertion and tolerance.
Daisaku Ikeda|The Buddha's original teaching is essentially a matter of four points -- the Four Noble Truths:1. Anguish is everywhere.2. We desire permanent existence of ourselves and for our loved ones, and we desire to prove ourselves independent of others and superior to them. These desires conflict with the way things are: nothing abides, and everything and everyone depends upon everything and everyone else. This conflict causes our anguish, and we project this anguish on those we meet.3. Release from anguish comes with the personal acknowledgment and resolve: we are here together very briefly, so let us accept reality fully and take care of one another while we can.4. This acknowledgement and resolve are realized by following the Eightfold Path: Right Views, Right Thinking, Right Speech, Right Conduct, Right Livelihood, Right Effort, Right Recollection, and Right Meditation. Here "Right" means "correct" or "accurate" -- in keeping with the reality of impermanence and interdependence.
Samuel Beckett, The Complete Short Prose, 1929-1989|But even them, my pains, I understand ill. That must come from my not being all pain and nothing else. There's the rub. Then they recede, or I, till they fill me with amaze and wonder, seen from a better planet. Not often, but I ask no more. Catch-cony life! To be nothing but pain, how that would simplify matters! Omnidolent! Impious dream.
David G. McAfee|Now driving in a wild frieze of headlong horses with eyes walled and teeth cropped and naked riders with clusters of arrows clenched in their jaws and their shields winking in the dust and pu the far side of the ruined ranks in a piping of boneflutes and dropping down off the sides of their mounts with one heel hung in the withers strap and their short bows flexing beneath the outstretched necks of the ponies until they had circled the company and cut their ranks in two and then rising up again like funhouse figures, some with nightmare faces painted on their breasts, riding down the unhorsed Saxons and spearing and clubbing them and leaping from their mounts with knives and running about on the ground with a peculiar bandylegged trot like creatures driven to alien forms of locomotion and stripping the clothes from the dead and seizing them up by the hair and passing their blades about the skulls of the living and the dead alike and snatching aloft the bloody wigs and hacking and chopping at the naked bodies, ripping off limbs, head, gutting the strange white torsos and holding up great handfuls of viscera, genitals, some of the savages so slathered up with gore they might have rolled in it like dogs and some who fell upon the dying and sodomized them with loud cries to their fellows.
Milton Berle|Human beings are so destructive. I sometimes think we're a kind of plague, that will scrub the earth clean. We destroy things so well that I sometimes think, maybe that's our function. Maybe every few eons, some animal comes along that kills off the rest of the world, clears the decks, and lets evolution proceed to its next phase.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Green Mars|You can't choose your childhood, it's just what happens to you. But after that you choose. And that's really what (makes you).
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Her eyes narrowed when no one bothered to introduce themselves. Even her father just gave a curt nod and kissed Mercy on the cheek before going to his mate. She looked at Bas. “Did you four gang up on Riley?”Absolute silence in the kitchen except for her mother ’s exasperated breath. “Michael T. Smith, I told you to leave the boy alone.”The “boy” held her tighter against him, obviously not the least bit worried. “I’m fine, Mrs. Smith. And I have a sister, too.”Lia turned her gaze on Riley. “Good God, Mercy. You brought another one into the family?
Larry Page|I had rock-star dreams from 8 or 9 almost nonstop. I thought it was going to be like being a god on earth: having as many women as you want whenever you want them, having super powers, being incredibly wealthy, never doing laundry.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|No matter what the reason, the ways I tried to justify the situation, the second-guessing that lingered, nothing could change the fact that people stopped existing because of me.
Mounia Bagha, Celebration|When life gets tough, just love it a bit harder.
Lauren Gallagher, The Virgin Cowboy Billionaire's Secret Baby|I'm not a size zero, I'll never be a size zero, and the number of fucks I give about that is zero.
Cotton Mather, On Witchcraft|I think the devil will not have me damned, lest the oil that's in me should set hell on fire.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The human eye is restricted to see the useen, because there’s a price to be paid to the rulers of this image and if this image is seen by you, you’ll dare not divulge it to others, for others must pay a price
Candace Robinson, Hearts Are Like Balloons|My heart is a harness of nothing, deflated balloon, and a place of loss.
Marjane Satrapi, Embroideries|To be the mistress of a married man is to have the better role. Do you realize? His dirty shirt, his disgusting underwear, his daily ironing, his bad breath, his hemorrhoid attacks, his fuss, not to mention his bad moods, and his tantrums. Well all that is for his wife. When a married man comes to his mistress... he's always bleached and ironed, his teeth sparkle, his breath is like perfume, he's in a good mood, he's full of conversation, he is there to have a good time with you.
Dennis Vickers, Between the Shadow and the Soul|Like a fire alarm going off in your ear, sulfur up your nose, mouth full of sour milk, reality is what it is – you deal with it.
Patsy Cline|Even when they're not causing injury, human-controlled cars are often driven inefficiently, ineptly, antisocially, or in other ways additive to the sum of human misery.
Leslie Esdaile, Love Notes|You know what you are to me? ... You are the most important thing in my life. You are my friend... my lover... my family... the one I trust, the one I fight with, the one I laugh with, the one I trust to enter my body the one I can fall back against with my eyes closed. You are simply part of me. That's what I mean, Anthony, when I say I love you.
Laura Moriarty, The Rest of Her Life|Maybe children just want whatever it is they don't get. And then they grow up and give their children what they wanted, be it silence or information, affection or independence--so that child, in turn, craves something else. With every generation the pendulum swings from opposite to opposite, stillness and peace so elusive.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|In order to fulfill our wants we get busy to make our living comfortable and we forget about our needs, and we make our life uncomfortable. So, add " life " in our living.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|If you possess the basic necessities in life, there is absolutely no reason for you to feel any sorrows. For there is someone praying to be in your place.
Marcus Samuelsson|All the food we eat - every grain of rice and kernel of corn - has been genetically modified. None of it was here before mankind learned to cultivate crops. The question isn't whether our food has been modified, but how.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|All that did a big lot toward showing Youth that this big world is ‘not half bad,’ if adults will but watch, aid, and coach. And I will not stand anybody’s snapping at a child! Particularly a tiny tot. If you think that you must snap, snap at a child so big as to snap back. I don’t sanction ‘talking back’ to adults, but, ha, ha!
Carol S. Dweck, Mindset: The New Psychology of Success|Some might debate whether people are born with talent, or whether it is developed. Toyota’s stand is clear—give us the seeds of talent and we will plant them, tend the soil, water and nurture the seedlings, and eventually harvest the fruits of our labor... Of course the wise farmer selects only the best seeds, but even with careful selection there is no guarantee that the seeds will grow, or that the fruits they yield will be sweet, and yet the effort must be made because it provides the best chance of developing a strong crop.
Jonathan Sacks|If history shows anything, it is that there's no better way to justify relations founded on violence, to make such relations seem moral, than by reframing them in the language of debt—above all, because it immediately makes it seem that it's the victim who's doing something wrong.
Rand Paul|Regardless of what our national credit rating is, people will always want a roof over their heads, food on their tables, fuel for their cars, and clothes on their backs.
Jason Seiden, How to Self-Destruct: Making the Least of What's Left of Your Career|I'm starting to understand that attempting to be perfect has been the goal of my life. Our lives. Attempting to be this fault-free, smiling person in this loving, happy family that fits so perfectly in this pretty, inoffensive little town. What was so bad about that goal after all? Only that I couldn't do it. That I let everybody down. I've been so down about it, so depressed thinking about all the balls I was trying to juggle that I've dropped, and now the cogs are turning toward total apathy toward it all, everything and all I can think about is that I am a shell of a human being. I'm a pushover. I'm to blame.
NisiOisiN|A woman keeps to home and family, and tends to matters inside the home. A man keeps to war games and tends to matters outside."A queen tends to both, I wanted to say, but did not. She would not understand.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Leave the quarters of the close-fisted selfishness and live in the edifice of an open-handed generosity. God gives to you, so you can share when it's required of you! Give out; conquer greed!
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|The military was all about hierarchies, who urinated highest on the hydrant
Tim Relf, Stag|There is a magic in walking alone, in thinking alone: If there is no one to contact you around, the universe starts contacting you!
Gary Keller, The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results|Because, as we all know, it’s easier to do trivial things that are urgent than it is to do important things that are not urgent, like thinking. And it’s also easier to do little things we know we can do than to start on big things that we’re not so sure about.” ― John Cleese
Rikki Ducornet, Contemporary Surrealist Prose|Marrying a woman who was reckless must have been the ultimate reckless act, requiring a lifetime of balancing to keep both of them safe
Stephen Crane, The Open Boat|I exist, that is all, and I find it nauseating.
Nancy B. Brewer, Beyond Sandy Ridge|Happy? Most of the time? Happiness is always a fleeting thing," he said, "It never rests upon anyone as a permanent state, though many of us persist in believing in the foolish idea that if this would just happen or that we would be happy for the rest of our lives. I know moments of happiness just as most other people do. Perhaps I have learned to find it in ways that would pass some people by. I feel the summer heat here at this moment and see the trees and the water and hear that invisible gull overhead. I feel the novelty of having company when I usually come here alone. And this moment brings me happiness.
Catherine Tate|John Huston was a superb master. He knew how to make good films. I did three things with him. One is called Independence. It plays in Philadelphia, for free. It's been playing there for 25 years.
Kristi Bowman|Sometimes in life we take a leap of faith. Remember, the leap is not about getting from one side to the other. It's simply about taking the leap....and trusting the air, the universal breath, will support your wings so that you may soar.
Michael Pollan|To think ill of mankind and not wish ill to them, is perhaps the highest wisdom and virtue.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May we greet each other with a smile, hug and speak kind words.
Tanya Masse|He’s weak, afraid and dumber than your dog. Besides, you gonna bet the farm on a pig?The Alien Club
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|We loved each other with a premature love, marked by a fierceness that so often destroys adult lives.I was a strong lad and survived; but the poison was in the wound, and the wound remained ever open
Colleen Houck|I warn you, Kelsey, that I’m an extremely patient man. I’ve had extensive practice in waiting out the enemy. My life as a tiger has taught me that attentive persistence and focused diligence always pay off. Consider yourself forewarned, priyatama. I’m on the hunt. I’ve caught your scent, and I won’t be thwarted in my course.
Quincy Jones|I have done many movies that people hadn't seen. 'The Fountain,' I spent a year on that. 'The Prestige' with Chris Nolan, and 'Australia.' From my perspective it's very satisfying. Some movies people see and other movies they don't. 'Wolverine,' 'X Men,' I know that in some level people know me just for that and it's fine for me.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Kissing a stranger because that is what is done presages an unhappy year not for any supernatural reason, but because you are unsatisfied enough with your lot in life to put your lips on the line for a fallacy.
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|Life off Earth is in two important respects not at all unworldly: you can choose to focus on the surprises and pleasures, or the frustrations. And you can choose to appreciate the smallest scraps of experience, the everyday moments, or to value only the grandest, most stirring ones.
Jimmy Carter|If I were to live my life over again, I would be an American. I would steep myself in America, I would know no other land.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Beginning|What is even happening here?" Will said, looking to each of us and the back to wherever the cougars had wandered off to."Am I drunk? Hanna, they just pinched my ass and this one"- he motioned to George- "wants to claim me for his own. A little help?"Hanna took a drink off her frilly drink, complete with big pink umbrella and some sort of neon glow stick. "I don't know, you seem to be doing pretty well on your own there," she said, then took another long pull of her straw.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|In order for knowledge to be of value, there must be an internal process of understanding how that knowledge applies to reality. Furthermore, that understanding must be translated into a corresponding change of behavior. This is the process of learning. Learning is the process of adapting knowledge and experience into a change of behavior.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|It's my side. I have found the pain. It is in my side, and I isolate it and define it, and arrange the other pains around it. I tell myself that pain is information, that I am learning to map the spaces of my own body. Then my body's feelings cascade toward my side, and pain pours over its outlines and erases them. ("Marriage")
Isaac Bashevis Singer, Teibele And Her Demon|Night is a time of rigor, but also of mercy. There are truths which one can see only when it’s dark
George S. Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon|Income, that is the thing. I wish an income that will keep flowing into my purse whether I sit on the wall or travel to far lands.
William S. Burroughs, Junky|They say you can’t build Rome in a day, but I’m pretty sure you could destroy it in even less.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Many people know they're working, but not what they're working.
Sebastian Marincolo|Marijuana enhances our mind in a way that enables us to take a different perspective from 'high up', to see and evaluate our own lives and the lives of others in a privileged way. Maybe this euphoric and elevating feeling of the ability to step outsidethe box and to look at life’s patterns from this high perspective is the inspiration behind the slang term “high” itself.
Rod Serling, Stories from the Twilight Zone|One of the things that Eva hated the most about being a kid was how everyone always told her that childhood was the best time of their entire lives, and don't grow up too fast, and enjoy these carefree days while you can. In those moments, her body felt like the world's smallest prison, and she escaped in her mind to her chile plants, resting on rock wool substrate under a grow light in a bedroom closet, as much a prisoner of USDA hardiness zone 5b as she was.
Richard Rogers|Designing is a matter of concentration. You go deep into what you want to do. It's about intensive research, really. The concentration is warm and intimate and like the fire inside the earth - intense but not distorted. You can go to a place, really feel it in your heart. It's actually a beautiful feeling.
|Working hard doesn't necessarily mean being productive, unless it is accompanied with an effective strategic plan of action.
Kailin Gow, Beautiful Girl:  Modern Beauty and Beast|When you become a parent, you become a superhero. You realize you have more strength, energy and love than is humanly possible.
Stephane Mallarme|The poem is a little myth of man's capacity of making life meaningful. And in the end, the poem is not a thing we see-it is, rather, a light by which we may see-and what we see is life.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Emotions buzz through our beings like busy bees, giving us the gift of living vividly.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Threshold|That would be showing him a part of her soul, a part of her mind, that she's never risked showing anyone. The raw and squirming part that indifferent high-school counselor were always prying at, the part therapists tried to trick her into showing them for free, the part her parents hated her for. The light and the darkness behind her eyes. The soft places.
Orlando Bloom|Life is short and if you're looking for extension, you had best do well. 'Cause there's good deeds and then there's good intentions. They are as far apart as Heaven and Hell.
J.C. Patrick, The Reinvention of Janey|After a few more minutes of daydreaming about how fabulous I could become, I look down at the heading on my paper: Janey's Reinvention Plan. It appears lonely at the top of the page. I should probably add some bullets beneath, but I've never been much of a list maker.
Julie Flygare, Wide Awake and Dreaming: A Memoir|It's just I'd rather sleep through the days so I'll be awake for the nights, when the boys are out.
Nikki Sex, Accuse|He will experience that prickle, that shiver of disgust that afflicts him in both his happiest and most wretched moments, the one that asks him who he thinks he is to inconvenience so many people, to think he has the right to keep going when even his own body tells him he should stop.
Allen Klein|Sometimes it takes ten seconds to see some humor in your dilemmas, sometimes ten years.
Clint Eastwood|… Without a sense of identity, there can be no real struggle…
Heidi Klum|Comedians like to see people smile. With acting, I love giving people a feeling, an emotion. I like to give people a feeling. When they come away from my scene, I want them to think.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Hearts are breakable," Isabelle said. "And I think even when you heal, you're never what you were before".
Rebecca Carson, Mysterious Vortex|We are staring at each other, forgetting about the harsh reality and I can feel my heart reacting. He touches my cheek and the familiar electric current runs through me. His hands are warm, caressing my pale skin. His deep-blue eyes are filled with serenity and passion. I keep telling myself to breathe, but I am unable to exhale the air from my lungs. Then he leans forward and his lips touch mine, increasing the temperature in my body. He kisses me gently, trying to break his way through, testing to see if I let him in. His lips are sweet and warm. A few seconds later it is all over and he disappears once again, leaving me uncontrollably awake and trying to gather my wild thoughts.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|There will come a time when a person you most likely pushed out through your vagina and nursed from yournipples, whose bottom you wiped, and whose snot and spit you cleaned up over several sleep-starved years will apprehend you with a mixture of boredom and irritation and say, ‘Get a life, Mum.’This would be a good time to remember that a) violence never solved anything; b) teenagers don’t have a full brain yet – the prefrontal cortex that controls the ability to make important distinctions, like who controls the pocket money, only kicks in around the age of twenty-four; and c) you are, in fact, the adult.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Do I look stupid?" snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling from his bushy mustache.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|The young should not think of themselves as immature and the elderly need not view themselves as feeble. Our minds control our bodies. Have no age, transcend both past and future, and enter into naka-ima—the “eternal present.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|He was a very private person, and sometimes it seemed to me that he was no longer interested in the world or in other people... I got the feeling that Julián was living in the past, locked in his memories. Julián lived within himself, for his books and inside them - a comfortable prison of his own design.""You say this as if you envied him.""There are worse prisons than words.
Jenji Kohan|Roosevelt's humor was broad, his manner friendly. Of wit there was little; of philosophy, none. What did he possess? Intuition, inspiration, love of adventure.
Isabella Blow|The woman who emerged had to be eight feet tall. Her hair was every shade of purple, piled in buns and hanging in braids, and all of it sprinkled with gems like stars.
Danielle Krysa, Your Inner Critic Is a Big Jerk: And Other Truths About Being Creative|I wish I had a dollar for every time someone said, "Me? No, I'm not creative". I would be gazillionaire. The thing is, that's not really them talking, it's their jerkface inner critic. Okay, so maybe you haven't made anything in a very long time, but that doesn't mean you're not creative. What it means is that, somewhere along the way, you became really good at saying "Me? No, I'm not creative".
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Cultural and religious traditions that forbid cross-cultural unions prevent peace on earth. Instead of rejoicing that our sons and daughters are heart-driven and love other humans outside of their familiar religious, social or cultural domains, we punish and insult them. This is wrong. Honor killings are not honorable by God. They are driven by ignorance and ego and nothing more. The Creator favors the man who loves over the man who hates. If you think God will punish you or your child for allowing them to marry outside of your tribe or faith, then you do not know God. Love is his religion and the light of love sees no walls. Anybody who unconditionally loves another human being for the goodness of their heart and nothing more is already on the right side of God.
Emma Thompson, The Sense and Sensibility Screenplay and Diaries: Bringing Jane Austen's Novel to Film|Hugh Laurie (playing Mr. Palmer) felt the line 'Don't palm all your abuses [of language upon me]' was possibly too rude. 'It's in the book,' I said. He didn't hit me.
Taylor Keys, Double Bubble Boil and Trouble|What’s going on?” Ingrid asked. “Listen, nothing bad today, please.” She pulled a chair out and sat down. Faye stared at her and said the words as quickly as she could. “I’m just going to give it to you straight as I can. Mila is a witch.” Ingrid busted out with a laugh. “I wouldn’t call her that,” she said. “That’s a little harsh, isn’t it?” She poured the juice into her glass and took a drink. “What did the brat do this time?” She set her glass down.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Thus, though we cannot make our sunStand still, yet we will make him run.
Kjersti Annesdatter Skomsvold, The Faster I Walk, The Smaller I Am|Perhaps I should stop seeing myself as an individual and start identifying myself with the totality, but I just can't do that.
Steven Chopade|The harder it gets, the closer you are.
Marquis de Sade|It is not God's will merely that we should be happy, but that we should make ourselves happy.
Veronica Roth|Writing means not just staring ugliness in the face, but finding a way to embrace  it.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Any silly ism or stupid book that considers men above women, must be shunned like a lowlife demon. For, all's one, barring none.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|Have some pride, will ya? Begging someone to like you is so pathetic.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|I've got this." Apollo stepped forward. His fiery armor was so bright it was hard to look at, and his matching Ray-Bans and perfect smile made him look like a male model for battle gear. "God of medicine, at your service."He passed his hand over Annabeth's face and spoke an incantation. Immediately the bruises faded. Her cuts and scars disappeared. Her arm straightened, and she sighed in her sleep.Apollo grinned. "She'll be fine in a few minutes. Just enough time for me to compose a poem about our victory: 'Apollo and his friends save Olympus.' Good, eh?"Thanks, Apollo," I said. "I'll, um, let you handle the poetry.
Claire Cook, Time Flies: A Novel|Time flies. Time flies faster every year. Time flies whether you're having fun or not, whether you're living your life big or small, whether you surround yourself with fear or laughter.
S.I. Hayakawa, Language in Thought and Action|Once you understand who you are, you can become more of what you are.
Sarah Brazytis, The Apprentices|I can't tell you how terribly glad I am that you're going to be all right," George said, rather thickly. "I...I wouldn't know how to act without a twin.
S.E. Hinton, The Outsiders|...At least you got Soda. I ain't got nobody." "Shoot," I said, startled out of my misery, "you got the whole gang. Dally didn't slug you tonight cause you're the pet. I mean, golly, Johnny, you got the whole gang." "It ain't the same as having your own folks care about you," Johnny said simply. "it just ain't the same.
Gallant|All one needs to do is read - books, magazines, research the Internet - and pay attention to the influencers in their lives to discover the myriad people of strong moral character who have and still are making positive, meaningful contributions and differences in our world.
Solange nicole|If Christians are all loving and full of God's grace (like some of us really are), do they truly love their neighbor? Would they catch a grenade for one of us (like some of us would for them because we truly have love in our hearts)?
John Stuart Mill|Independence? That's middle class blasphemy. We are all dependent on one another, every soul of us on earth.
Syd Barrett|We feel that in the future, groups are going to have to offer much more than just a pop show. They'll have to offer a well-presented theatre show.
Jeanne Achterberg, Woman as Healer|In a balanced viewpoint that includes both masculine and feminine perspective, healing is seen not as a technique, but as a process.
Luke Gracias, The Devil's Prayer|We are not killing the planet. It is our arrogance that makes us believe we are capable of such destruction. The earth will be here at the end of it all, long after we're gone. The only thing the human race is destroying is our ability to inhabit it.
Tennessee Williams|I think that [William] Faulkner and I each had to escape certain particulars of our lives, and we found salvation through words. I understand the Bible story of Babel so much better now. I think that moments of extremity, desires of escape, lead us to foreign languages--not those learned in schools, but those plucked from the human heart, the searing conditions of isolation. I did not have to be limited to my biography because of words, and I shared this with Faulkner, who invented new words and punctuation and expression and worlds. He utterly reshaped the world.
Subhajit Ganguly|Do you know what it’s like, to hide in the shadows until your soul starts to blend into the darkness?
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|I know it’s not the right thing to say to a lady, miss, but you are sweating like a pig!""My mother always said that horses sweat, men perspire, and ladies merely glow…""Is that so? Well, miss, you are glowing like a pig!
Soul Surfer|I've learned life is a lot like surfing. When you get caught in the impact zone, you need to get right back up, because you never know what's over the next wave......and if you have faith, anything is possible, anything at all.
Janet G Nestor, Yeshau: One Hundred Meaningful Messages for Messengers|Love sparkles out from those giving and receiving it. It can be seen and felt. Love causes flowers to bloom, providing beauty. it causes hearts to bloom, providing the beauty which is instilled within me and you. Love always causes more love to grow.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Dr. Richard Selzer is a surgeon and a favorite author of mine. He writes the most beautiful and compassionate descriptions of his patients and the human dramas they confront. In his book Letters to a Young Doctor, he said that most young people seem to be protected for a time by an imaginary membrane that shields them from horror. They walk in it every day but are hardly aware of its presence. As the immune system protects the human body from the unseen threat of harmful bacteria, so this mythical membrane guards them from life-threatening situations. Not every young person has this protection, of course, because children do die of cancer, congenital heart problems, and other disorders. But most of them are shielded—and don’t realize it. Then, as years roll by, one day it happens. Without warning, the membrane tears, and horror seeps into a person’s life or into the life of a loved one. It is at this moment that an unexpected theological crisis presents itself.
Amit Kalantri|Holding one's self responsible is a critical feature in stigma and in the generation of shame since violation of standards, rules, and goals are insufficient in its elicitation unless responsibility can be placed on the self. Stigma may differ from other elicitors of shame and guilt, in part because it is a social appearance factor. The degree to which the stigma is socially apparent is the degree to which one must negotiate the issue of blame, not only for one's self but between one's self and the other who is witness to the stigma. Stigmatization is a much more powerful elicitor of shame and guilt in that it requires a negotiation not only between one's self and one's attributions, but between one's self and the attributions of others.
Chuck Klosterman, The Visible Man|It’s always nice to learn a thing or two from a novel, don’t you think?
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|Some days in late August at home are like this, the air thin and eager like this, with something in it sad and nostalgic and familiar. Man the sum of his climatic experiences Father said. Man the sum of what have you. A problem in impure properties carried tediously to an unvarying nil: stalemate of dust and desire.
Xavier Dolan|If you have total freedom to design, you won't get anything interesting. So I give myself restraints in order to kind of push myself through, to create something new. It's the torture that I give myself, the pain and the struggle that I go through.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus|I definitely wasn't cool in high school. I really wasn't. I did belong to many of the clubs and was in leadership on yearbook and did the musical theater route, so I had friends in all areas. But I certainly did not know what to wear, did not know how to do my hair, all those things.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Awareness in its pure state is nonlocal; there’s no focal point in it. It is unbounded. Awareness, when managed and directed, becomes attention. By turning into attention, awareness becomes localized, and attains a focal point. Because of this feature, attention has the power to direct energy.
Bernard Cornwell, Death of Kings|You are familiar with World War 2?""Of course I am. I'm dead, not stupid.
Tony Buzan, The Power of Social Intelligence: 10 ways to tap into your social genius|There is another Brain Principle to go with ‘First Things First’: that of‘Last Things Too’. This states that, all other things being equal, you willrecall more easily the ‘last’ things. Check your own memory banks andsee if this principle holds for the following.You will probably recall:� -The last new person you met� -The last time you saw the person you love the most� -The last social event you attended
Fisher Amelie, Greed|I started toward the barn and was grateful that the wind was still. About halfway up the drive, my heart began to beat an irregular rhythm as I caught sight of Cricket coming toward me. My breath caught in my throat. This girl. This tiny little girl had such incredible power over me with her big, blue, round, sad eyes. Her unusual face, her unusually striking face. Her pert nose. The faint laugh lines around her eyes and mouth. And I didn’t know her, didn’t really even know if she and I were anything alike but that didn’t stop me from wishing we shared a future...even if she did belong to someone else.
Germany Kent|We all have a responsibility with the words we post on the internet. If you wouldn't want your mother, daughter, sister or friend to read it, don't post it.
Dan Alatorre|Inspiration is the crèche of your brainchildren. If you don’t feed them, they will die, and never come back. So someone please think about the children!
Claude lavallee|love everyone,trust a few and rely on nobody
Todd Henry, Die Empty: Unleash Your Best Work Every Day|Personal brands are determined by a track record of actions, not a track record of plans.
Roy Lorfing|Science, without Relgion is blind. Relgion without Science is a frightened child".____Roy Lorfing, 1980
Lily Blackwood, The Beast of Clan Kincaid|I'll do anything reasonable, but I won't be intimidated and I won't grovel.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Before you wear a crown of gold, life sometimes makes you wear a crown of thorns.
Aristotle|If you are not rising with ethics, you will sink with every rise!
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|I know that you are my guard, and you are my best friend. I know you would die for me. And I know that should that ever happen, I would die immediately after.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|It is mercy, not justice or courage or even heroism, that alone can defeat evil.
David Amerland, Google+ Hangouts for Business: How to use Google+ Hangouts to Improve Brand Impact, Build Business and Communicate in Real-Time|That's just the kind of anxiety reality TV hopes to inspire in female viewers. After all, as advertisers have long understood, it's far easier to shill cosmetics and clothing - not to mention Match.com and and Bally Fitness memberships - to insecure women scared of being alone than to it is to self confident people who believe they're beautiful, lovable, and capable of being happy just as they are.
Harry Dean Stanton|The spirit is at home, if not entirely satisfied, in America.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|When we give and receive empathy, transformation occurs.
Jonathan Franzen, Freedom|I think the iPod is the true face of Republican politics, and I’m in favor of the music industry … standing up proud and saying it out loud: We in the Chiclet-manufacturing business are not about social justice, …we’re not about a coherent set of national ideals, we’re not about wisdom. We’re about choosing what WE want to listen to and ignoring everything else…. We’re about giving ourselves a mindless feel-good treat every five minutes. …We’re about persuading ten-year-old children to spend twenty-five dollars on a cool little silicone iPod case that costs a licensed Apple Computer subsidiary thirty-nine cents to manufacture.
Rebecca Solnit|You read enough books in which people like you are disposable, or are dirt, or are silent, absent, or worthless, and it makes an impact on you. Because art makes the world, because it matters, because it makes us. Or breaks us.
Bear Grylls, Mud, Sweat and Tears|To me, my Christian faith is all about being held, comforted, forgiven, strengthened, and loved--yet somehow that message gets lost on most of us, and we tend only to remember the religious nutters or the God of endless school assemblies. This is no one's fault, it is just life. Our job is to stay open and gentle, so we can hear the knocking on the door of our heart when it comes. The irony is that I never meet anyone who doesn't want to be loved or held or forgiven. Yet I meet a lot of folk who hate religion. And I so sympathize. But so did Jesus. In fact, He didn't just sympathize, He went much further. It seems more like this Jesus came to destroy religion and to bring life.
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|Tragedy is when someone ends up dead. Everything else is just a bump in the road. For the record, that was something Daddy used to say.
Lee  Morgan, Wooing the Echo|The spectacle of what is called religion, or at any rate organised religion, in India and elsewhere, has filled me with horror and I have frequently condemned it and wished to make a clean sweep of it. Almost always it seemed to stand for blind belief and reaction, dogma and bigotry, superstition, exploitation and the preservation of vested interests.
Gabriel Cousens M.D., Conscious Parenting: The Holistic Guide to Raising and Nourishing Healthy, Happy Children|Try as we might, we cannot force our children to reach their full potential. Theirs is the life that they alone must live. The role of the parent is to prepare the most fertile soil and appropriately water the seedling so it can most fully blossom.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Look, we need to make time, but we also need to be somewhat quiet." She faced him. "I am being quiet!"Pathik held a finger up to his lips. "Seriously. Quite. You don't really want to attract a lot of attention out here if you can help it."Rachel didn't like the sound of that. "Are there sheep-cats?
Rebecca Ashe|You love him because this is what you do. Over and over again. You knit yourself right up into these men's lives, these men who will never ever be able to love you back, and then you wonder like a crazy person why you aren't the chosen one at the end. You have to stop doing this...
Rajasaraswathii, A Diary to win|A fearless mind is fearless because, it cannot see anything different from it. Fear of superiority and power comes only when we begin to differentiate.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|When you live as a fountain of abundant love, instead of an empty well waiting to be filled by a lover, you will attract your SoulMate.
Mason Cooley|Taste may change, but inclination never.
Patricia V. Davis|The earth is expertly designed to take back what it has created. Bodies left for carrion in enclosed, regulated spaces could be the answer to the environmental problems of burial and cremation. There is no limit to where our engagement with death can take us.
John Halstead|The earth was a grave: our life was lent to it by its elements and had to be returned: a time came when the simple elements seemed to long for release from the complicated forms of life, when every element of every cell said, "Enough!" The planet was our mother and our burial ground. No wonder the human spirit wished to leave. Leave this prolific belly. Leave also this great tomb. Passion for the infinite caused by the terror, by timor mortis, needed material appeasement.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|During my road trip of life I have encountered many potholes, areas under construction, delays caused by others on the same road, and 18 wheelers that seemed like they were only there to prevent me from arriving at my destination. Through it all my next stop is just down the road and I still have my 4 tires (faith, health, family, and friends) It's also so important to remember the Lord just lets you THINK you're in the drivers seat, its up to you to KNOW who is really in control.
Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing|I'm done waiting. Done doing things the easy way and letting things happen as they will."Her heart caught. "What does that mean?""It means this is too important to let slip away again. You're too important." He leaned back against the truck with a low grunt of effort, eyes dark, jaw clenched. "I love you too, Tara.
James S.A. Corey, Drive|Intellectually he knows that the blood is being pressed to the back of his body, pooling in the back part of his cerebellum and flooding his kidneys. He hasn’t done enough medical work to know what that means, but it can’t be good.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Their eyes drifted directly behind her. At the same time she felt the presence of a rather large, imposing figure, then the sudden heat permeated the air around her. He's behind me, isn't he?
Darrell Calkins, Re:|It takes a relative amount of courage just to get out of bed each day. There are those who are stronger in their courage, and they help to compel us along a little further in the fulfillment of our faith.
Indy Bissessur|If you wanna stay Positive, Healthy and undistracted,then leave the association of negative minded people because thats what they breathe out and you dont wanna fill your lungs with that kind of filthy air.
Roman Payne|Most of my writing life, to be perfectly honest, is not freaky, old-timey, voodoo-style Big Magic. Most of my writing life consists of nothing more than unglamorous, disciplined labor. I sit at my desk and I work like a farmer, and that's how it gets done. Most of it is not like fairy dust in the least.
Scott Stabile|The more attention you put into being more loving, the more loving (and loved) you'll become.
A.J. Ayer|And further, observing that all this indeterminate substance is in motion, and that no true predication can be made of that which changes, they supposed that it is impossible to make any true statement about that which is in all ways and entirely changeable. For it was from this supposition that there blossomed forth the most extreme view of those which we have mentioned, that of the professed followers of Heraclitus, and such as Cratylus held, who ended by thinking that one need not say anything, and only moved his finger; and who criticized Heraclitus for saying that one cannot enter the same river twice, for he himself held that it cannot be done even once.
J.R. Ward|I love her so damned much." Manny heard himself say. “That’s my heart right there. That’s my woman”.
Judith Fertig, The Memory of Lemon|I knew that sunny citrus helped put things in focus, sharpened the memory, just like a squeeze of lemon juice could sharpen and clarify the taste of sweet fruit. I was also well aware that too much citrus could indicate a corrosive anger. My first wedding at Rainbow Cake had taught me that. But this was a gentle, subdued citrus, like the taste of a Meyer lemon.Spice usually indicated grief, a loss that lingered for a long time, just like the pungent flavor of the spice itself, whether it was nutmeg or allspice or star anise. The more pronounced the flavor, the more recent the loss and the stronger the emotion. So there was some kind of loss or remembrance involved here. Yet there was also a comfort in the remembering, knowing that people had gone before you. That they waited for you on the other side.
Jessica Sorensen|This was no peck on the lips. This was a real first kiss, a movie-star-knock-her-socks-off-fireworks-light-up-the-sky kind of kiss. A girl could live to be a hundred and never forget that kiss.
Truman Capote|When others' obsessions are not ours, we are sad for them, and we talk of how empty their lives will be if they don't achieve their empty goal: the gymnastics prize, the firm partnership. But there is a monomania in which it is the focus, the sense of transport, that is the real pleasure.
Kelly Moran, Tracking You|Hunter versus prey, and the look in his eyes told her, in no uncertain terms, eating her alive was a distinct possibility.
Cynthia Occelli|For a seed to achieve its greatest expression, it must come completely undone. The shell cracks, its insides come out and everything changes. To someone who doesn't understand growth, it would look like complete destruction.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to see magic, love someone and see the magical transformation.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Turn of the Story|Might have just been an innocent bystander, sir,’ said Carrot'What, in Ankh-Morpork?’Yes, sir.’‘We should have grabbed him, then, just for the rarity value
Jessica Valenti, Why Have Kids?: A New Mom Explores the Truth About Parenting and Happiness|To Scarlett, there was something breath-taking about Ellen O'Hara, a miracle that lived in the house with her and awed her and charmed and soothed her.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|But more importantly in my book of life, it's what you can't buy with money that is often more important than what you can buy.
Mikhail Bulgakov|I must give due praise to the man who first extracted morphine from poppyheads. He was a true benefactor of mankind. The pain stopped seven minutes after the injection. Interesting: the pain passed over me in ceaseless waves, so that I had to gasp for breath, as though a red-hot crowbar were being thrust into my stomach and rotated. Four minutes after the injection I was able to distinguish the wave-like nature of the pain.
Paul Farmer|Increase your consumption of healthful fats like extra virgin olive oil, avocado, grass-fed beef, wild fish, coconut oil, nuts and seeds. At the same time, keep in mind that modified fats like hydrogenated or trans fats are the worst choices for brain health.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, Letters to Robert Bridges and Correspondence with Richard Watson Dixon|What are works of art for? to educate, to be standards. To produce is of little use unless what we produce is known, is widely known, the wider known the better, for it is by being known that it works, it influences, it does its duty, it does good. We must try, then, to be known, aim at it, take means to it. And this without puffing in the process or pride in the success.
Yasmine Hamdi, Spirit of the Wind|Don't fret, we'll sort this out: the true and the not true and the might as well be true.
William Least Heat-Moon, Blue Highways|With a nearly desperate sense of isolation and a growing suspicion that I lived in an alien land, I took to the road in search of places where change did not mean ruin and where time and men and deeds connected.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Don't be too hasty, don't take somebody else's opinion without testing it.
Lois McMaster Bujold|Not since the digital revolution in the early '90s has technology placed such a comprehensive burden on business, employees and individuals to reinvent their business plans, services and products, and themselves to keep pace with the changing marketplace.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|In increments both measurable and not, our childhood is stolen from us -- not always in one momentous event but often in a series of small robberies, which add up to the same loss.
Steve Maraboli|Sometimes the greatest storms bring out the greatest beauty… Life can be a storm, but your hope is a rainbow and your friends and family are the gold.
Kiera Cass|Sometimes, the most profound of awakenings come wrapped in the quietest of moments.
Juli Zeh, Eagles and Angels|Conduct, not speech, flowery
Russell Baker|I'm always trying to make myself laugh. I'm the most enthusiastic audience I'm likely to find, so if it doesn't make me smile then it probably won't work on you. The jokes that only make me shrug get cut.
Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding|Jefferson and Washington had no idea these idiots would exist, otherwise they would not have made killing illegal.
Tosca Lee, The Legend of Sheba: Rise of a Queen|The history keepers will no doubt tell their own tale, and the priests another. It is the men's accounts that seem to survive a world obsessed with conquest, our actions beyond bedchamber and hearth remembered only when we leave their obscurity. And so we become infamous because we were not invisible, the truth of our lives ephemeral as incense.
Kristaps Porzingis|America's strength has made it a sort of Gulliver in world affairs: By wiggling its toes it can, often inadvertently, break the arm of a Lilliputian.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|A bumper sticker from the 1970s read, “A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Dennis Randall, Becoming a Man in the Shadowlands: Surviving Rape, Abuse, and Incest|Work hard, play hard, love hard. <3
Andrea Cremer, The Conjurer's Riddle|All the bravery that lines our lives, in the ordinary moments adds up to an extraordinary, successful life.
Paul Tournier, Guilt And Grace|But in practice, every psychological confession has religious significance, and every religious confession, whether ritual and sacramental or free, its psychological effects. It is perhaps in this fact that we perceive most clearly the unity of the human being, and how impossible it is to dissociate the physical, psychological and religious aspects of his life. Every doctor, even without specializing in psychotherapy, in so far as he has understanding of what is human and likes contact with human beings, may suddenly find himself promoted to a confessor's priesthood without having sought it.
Linda Spangle, 100 Days of Weight Loss: The Secret to Being Successful on Any Diet Plan|Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.
Naomi Kramer, DEAD[ish]|Stop living within the confines of how others define you! You weren't created to live their life; you were created to live yours - so LIVE it! You can reignite that fire within and bring the passion back into your goals, dreams, ambitions, careers, and relationships by reclaiming control of your own life. Be unapologetically YOU!
Remi Akujobi|Death has been said to be the leveller in that it does not recognize one’s class, race,ethnicity or nationality. Death does not look at the face before it strikes; it pays noattention to one’s beliefs or outlook to issues in life. Death has often been said to beinevitable. So it is glaring that for as long as people are born, people are bound to diesomeday but how man dies is a huge mystery.
Tim Cahill, Lost in My Own Backyard: A Walk in Yellowstone National Park|Elk were mating now - The males were fighting, and they had to chase the females, which depleted the fat that both sexes had accumulated over the summer and thereby diminished their chances of surviving the winter. "It would be better for the elk," Dave said as we prepared dinner, "if the females just gave it up."All three women stared at him. A silence ensued. Dave said, "Or I could be wrong.
La Carmina, Crazy, Wacky Theme Restaurants: Tokyo|The Professor noted two nymphs with strawberries on their heads, a DayGlo Amish lady, a mustachioed man in a rainbow apron. He wrote Saturday Night Fever, then crossed it out and wrote Drag Ball + Bollywood and underlined it twice.
Miguel Reynolds Brandao, The Sustainable Organisation - a paradigm for a fairer society: Think about sustainability in an age of technological progress and rising inequality|Minimum standards to promote workers' wages, health and safety, to safeguard the community against pollution and degradation, and to ensure basic life goods for all as a basic contract for civil society was between 1945 and the mid-1970s, in fact, a rapidly evolving framework which inhibited the causes and effects of a corporate market system committed to an opposed goal.
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|Intelligent design theorists have learned a few lessons from the failures of their predecessors and have devised a more sophisticated strategy to compete head on with evolution. One of the main things they [intelligent design creationists] have learned is what not to say. A major element of their strategy is to advance a form of creation that not only omits any explicit mention of Genesis but is also usually vague, if not mute, about any of the specific claims about the nature of Creation, the separate ancestry of humans and apes, the explanation of the earth's geology by catastrophic global flood, or the age of the earth - items that readily identified young-earth creationism as a thinly disguised biblical literalism.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|Mythology can be defined as the sacred history of humankind. This is different from what we call "history." Mythical stories, when you trace them back to their origin, often have a sacredness, a holy quality that comes from the bedrock of lore from which they emerged.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|On Sundays, Presbyterians were not allowed to eat hot food or read the funny papers or travel the shortest journey; parents believed in Hell and believed tiny babies could go there. Baptists were not supposed to know, up until their dying day, how to play cards or dance. And so on.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, Islanders And, The Fisher Of Men|Darkness. The door into the neighboring room is not quite shut. A strip of light stretches through the crack in the door across the ceiling. People are walking about by lamplight. Something has happened. The strip moves faster and faster and the dark walls move further and further apart, into infinity. This room is London and there are thousands of doors. The lamps dart about and the strips dart across the ceiling. And perhaps it is all delirium...Something had happened. The black sky above London burst into fragments: white triangles, squares and lines - the silent geometric delirium of searchlights. The blinded elephant buses rushed somewhere headlong with their lights extinguished. The distinct patter along the asphalt of belated couples, like a feverish pulse, died away. Everywhere doors slammed and lights were put out. And the city lay deserted, hollow, geometric, swept clean by a sudden plague: silent domes, pyramids, circles, arches, towers, battlements.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|The world of dreams is such a wonderful place! That is, if you have love in your heart. If you have madness in your heart, you will have mad dreams. If you have guilt in your heart, you will have dreams that make you feel more guilt. But me, I have love in my heart and room for nothing else. I love my dreams and they love me.
Pauline Fisk, Midnight Blue|I have always loved the many moods of the sky at Rocky Flats. Turquoise and teal in summer, fiery red at sunset, iron gray when snow is on the way. The land rolls in waves of tall prairie grass bowed to the wind, or sprawling mantles of white frosted with a thin sheath of ice in winter.
Charles L. Allen|There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.
Roxanne Snopek, The Millionaire Daddy Project|Anything she might have said died in her throat at the sight of him. His black hair was disheveled, his morning stubble hypnotic, and the rakish way his shirt was undone at the throat and his tie hung in abandoned disarray beneath the collar, was just plain panty-melting.I’m not wearing any panties.
Roland Barthes|I experience reality as a system of power. Coluche, the restaurant, the painter, Rome on a holiday, everything imposes on me its system of being; everyone is *badly behaved*. Isn't their impoliteness merely a *plenitude*? The world is full, plenitude is its system, and as a final offense this system is presented as a "nature" with which I must sustain good relations: in order to be "normal" (exempt from love)..."—from_A Lover's Discourse: Fragments_
Isaac Asimov|Intelligence is an accident of evolution, and not necessarily an advantage.
Ben Sasse, The Vanishing American Adult: Our Coming-of-Age Crisis—and How to Rebuild a Culture of Self-Reliance|A hallmark of virtuous adulthood is learning to find freedom in your work rather than freedom from your work, even when work might hurt.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Oh bell-dumb heart, it makes you a fool to think you were ever closer to opening up the world — to art, to breaking it apart — than those who came before. But knowing that can't make you read or breathe more slowly. Since when did you listen to anyone? To give up on motivation is to give up on the work we do with alphabet and light. It's not enough to hunt or haunt our parents' hearts; we must occupy our own.
Jillian Dodd, Stalk Me|Damn Disney & all their happily-after-ever, unrealistic bullshit stories
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|Earth, my dearest, oh believe me, you no longer need your springtimes to win me over...Unspeakably, I have belonged to you, from the flush.
ASAP Ferg|I'm screamingly funny, you know, I really am in the books. And that helps because I'm funnier than a lot of people, I think, and that's appreciated by young people.
Melissa Grabau, The Yoga of Food: Wellness from the Inside Out: Healing the Relationship with Food & Your Body|Cheese, where you takes liquid from a cow lady's business parts, mix it with a bit o' juices from a baby cow's fourth stomach and then let it grow all fuzzy-moldy for a few years, eh?
Liza D. Osae-Kwapong|Let your love for book grow, as your confidence grows.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|I could tell you, but you should never trust what someone says about themselves. It’s something you need to see for yourself.
Diogenes|For women there are  undoubtedly  great difficulties in the path  but so much the more to overcome. First no woman would say "I am but a woman!" But a woman! What more can you ask to be?
Auliq Ice|People are like hot potatoes, if they don't make you happy, drop them.
Marlene Steinberg, Interviewer's Guide to the Structured Clinical Interview for Dsm-IV (R) Dissociative Disorders (Scid-D)|Mostly, people are looking for someone to listen to them. Someone willing to grant them time, to listen to their dramas and difficulties. This is what I call the “apostolate of the ear,” and it is important. Very important. I feel compelled to say to confessors: talk, listen with patience, and above all tell people that God loves them.
P.M. Terrell|And we’re at four. Alexis Ann, I think we’re in an abusive relationship.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|There must have been something in her voice, because he turned to look at her. Her hand cracked across his face, a slap that rocked him back on his heels. He put his hand to his cheek, more in surprise than pain. "What the hell was that for?""The other ten percent,” she said.
Ahmed Mostafa|There were all her feelings for him, sharp and defined, one as true as the other. And there was the other, this hatred, just as real as the rest. She could have done her feelings up in little packets and given them to Stanley. She longed to hand him that last one, for a surprise. She could see his eyes as he opened that...
Patricia E. Deegan|Recovery does not refer to an absence of pain or struggle. Rather, recovery is marked by the transition from anguish to suffering. In anguish the paralyzed man and I lived without hope. We experienced anguish as futile pain, pain that revolved in circles, pain that bore no possibility other than more pain, and pain that lead nowhere. However, when we became hopeful, our anguish was transformed into` true suffering. True suffering is marked by an inner peace, i.e., although we still felt great pain, we also experienced a peace in knowing that this pain was leading us forward into a new future.
Jirō Taniguchi|And my seven-year-old world humpty-dumptied, never to be put back together again.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you focus on want, you become an endless cycle of wants.
Terry Pratchett|He has made the cat his own. He invented a cat style, a cat society, a whole cat world. English cats that do not look and live like Louis Wain cats are ashamed of themselves.
Mark Driscoll|She said all a body would have to do there [Heaven] was to go around all day long with a harp and sing, forever and ever.
Mike Shinoda|If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a teacher, a history teacher. After all, teaching is very much like performing. A teacher is an actor, in a way. It takes a great deal to get, and hold, a class.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Thomas Paine From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'|Progress is born of doubt and inquiry. The Church never doubts, never inquires. To doubt is heresy, to inquire is to admit that you do not know—the Church does neither.
Tom Stoppard|With compassion you can die for other people, like the mother who can die for her child. You have the courage to say it because you are not afraid of losing anything, because you know that understanding and love is the foundation of happiness. But if you have fear of losing your status, your position, you will not have the courage to do it.
Aaron Rodgers|As a former minority leader who became the first Republican Speaker of the House in Florida since Reconstruction, I know that leadership is not an easy task.
Kristen Hogan|I rarely meet men in real life as extraordinary as ones on film, and rarely see women on film as extraordinary as ones I know in real life
Lailah Gifty Akita|Remember, you are the true guru of yourself. You are therefore always with Guru - your soul. However, at various stages you meet mentors. Mentors are like lighthouse who supports navigation in a journey called life. But, it is the innocence, vision, and purity of yourself (Guru within) determines the degree of success you can achieve.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House in the Big Woods|Mary was bigger than Laura, and she had a rag doll named Nettie. Laura had only a corncob wrapped in a handkerchief, but it was a good doll. It was named Susan. It wasn't Susan's fault that she was only a corncob.Sometimes Mary let Laura hold Nettie, but she only did it when Susan couldn't see.
Orlando Bloom|Where is the man who has the strength to be true, and to show himself as he is?
Nathan Fillion|Every time I take a photo, it goes into SnapSeed. Even if it's just a price tag on something, it still goes into SnapSeed, and I start editing it. I'm not a photographer, so I need all the help I can get when it comes to make a picture look cool.
|A lot of people don't believe in themselves due to their strong negative beliefs. So when they start to see some of the people around them succeeding in life, they become extremely jealous and bitter. This is because they have programmed their subconscious minds to perceive success as a permanent mystery in their lives. But little do they know that the future outcomes of their lives depend on their frequent interpretations of their abilities.
Kris Kristofferson|Terror, married to technology and accommodated by progress in travel, has turned evil individuals into traveling ballistic missiles.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|Hi,' he says.'Hi,' she says back, and then to her great surprise, she begins to cry.'You know,' Nick says as he hands her a tissue from the bedside table,' for all this talk about how you don't cry, you sure are sprouting a lot of water.
John Bellairs, The Face in the Frost|The two weary but still talkative wizards sat in a pair of fan-backed chairs and pitched pebbles at the drunken satyr in the fountain. They talked about wars, enchantments, and obscure facts until the sky above the forest began to be fringed with pale blue.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|If I let myself love you, I won't throw myself in front of her. I'll throw myself in front of you.
Roger Steffens|Jimi on the box, thirty stories up, everything immediate, yet distanced. Jimi's chords locked in aerial dogfights, gliding, riding, sliding, hiding, belligerent bursts, hallucinogenic, a head-warping face-wiping mind melt, chords live dive bombers screaming in for the kill, scintillating, serrated chords shot through with arc-light shrieks of staccato mayhem, as immediate and horrific as the firefight racketing away this very second below our red and puffy eyes; chords that hang in the air like the retinal reflection of an eerie afterburn, the stars displaced and the smell of a world that burned. Overhead, night birds flying, Huey, Apache, Chinook, whooshing with murderous potential. And over everything - every apocalyptic bang, boom, and rattle - Jimi, bleating like Braxton and bonding with the bombast.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|As long as fathers rule but do not nurture, as long as mothers nurture but do not rule, the conditions favoring the development of father-daughter incest will prevail.
Peggy Noonan, Patriotic Grace: What It Is and Why We Need It Now|We must try again to be alive to what the people of our country really long for in our national life: forgiveness and grace, maturity and wisdom....Our political leaders will know our priorities only if we tell them, again and again, and if those priorities begin to show up in the polls.
Deyth Banger|If you want your son or daughter to be positive. Like to enjoy life and so on and so on - focus on the positive, nature, birds, quite and fast waterfalls... If you want to be negative which will mean a killer, a slaughter focus on the negative. Kill infront of the eyes a chicken slaughter it, fast and quick... do it often, read scary horror books!
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|I was drawn to all the wrong things: I liked to drink, I was lazy, I didn’t have a god, politics, ideas, ideals. I was settled into nothingness; a kind of non-being, and I accepted it. I didn’t make for an interesting person. I didn’t want to be interesting, it was too hard. What I really wanted was only a soft, hazy space to live in, and to be left alone. On the other hand, when I got drunk I screamed, went crazy, got all out of hand. One kind of behavior didn’t fit the other. I didn’t care
Shelley Hitz, 21 Days of Faith Challenge|Faith is not the belief that everything will be all right tomorrow, but the belief that I possess the strength to make everything all right today.
Richard Dawkins, An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist|When you're young, all evolution lies before you, every road is open to you, and at the same time you can enjoy the fact of being there on the rock, flat mollusk-pulp, damp and happy.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|I am trying like Klee, to create something that will have a life of its own, that can put me in real danger, a danger which I willingly take on myself.
Epicurus|It isn't what you do, but how you do it.
Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady|I'm yours for ever--for ever and ever. Here I stand; I'm as firm as a rock. If you'll only trust me, how little you'll be disappointed. Be mine as I am yours.
Mark Cocker, Crow Country|Why is it that people who are absorbed by something are seen as sad? I can't explain it, but for me it reverses the true state of affairs. To be engaged is to be a part, to be absorbed and fulfilled. To be cool, to be detached from things and to have no passionate feelings is the real sadness. At the heart of depression, that quintessentially modern malaise, is a deep sense of separation from the rest of life.
Marisa Berenson|The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.
Hubert Martin|My heart may be bruised and scarred, bleeding slow drip-drip with every thump and every other thump-thump that widens unsealable wounds. My heart is the strongest part of me. It's survived everything I've thrown at it and much more than it should.
Lee S. Hawke, Division: A Collection of Science Fiction Fairytales|I learned as a kid that homo sapiens would rather fight other homo sapiens than microbes. For one thing, it’s easier. And there’s something satisfying about knowing somebody else is the bad guy and seeing them laid out on the street in front of you. Something human.Microbes? The little bastards just go hide, multiply, and come back to bite you when you least expect it.
Jake Tapper|No president likes leaks, but it’s worth noting candidate Trump’s path to power was tread on a road of leaks. He didn’t have a problem with leaks then. It’s not a moral position if you only hold it when it applies to you.
Fefe Dobson|Industry entirely left to itself, would soon fall to ruin, and a nation letting everything alone would commit suicide.
Claire Gillian|God is never a God of discouragement. When you have a discouraging spirit or train of thought in your mind, you can be sure it is not from God. He sometimes brings pain to his children-conviction over sin, or repentance over fallenness, or challenges that scare us, or visions of his holiness that overwhelm us. But God never brings discouragement.
Rene Burri|I wish I was a shredder that could play everything, but I don't have the patience.
Lloyd Jones, Here at the End of the World We Learn to Dance|Allowing ourselves to become a nation of silent, secretive, timid citizens is likely to result in a system of democracy and justice that is neither very democratic nor very just.
Mensah Oteh|There are many good things in the world, but not all of them benefit you. Focus keeps you on the path of what is right and away from other options.
Jessica Savitch|Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.
Kate Tough, Head for the Edge, Keep Walking|I stroke a finger over my own top button, undo it, then let my hand drop with an exaggerated sigh. "It's not quite the same," I declare, "ripping my own clothes off.
Abraham Lincoln|Education in India has made monumental progress since Independence but continues to face daunting challenges at multiple levels, particularly in terms of quality, infrastructure and dropout rates. We have islands of excellence floating in a sea of mediocrity.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|None of us deserves God’s love. All of us deserve His righteous judgment and wrath (John 3:18, 36; Romans 3:9–12). It is easy to think of an evil and depraved man like Adolf Hitler deserving divine judgment . . .But think of the kind and good people that you know . . .They too will be lost if they refuse and neglect God’s offer of mercy and forgiveness. God’s judgment applies to them too.
Samuel Wilson|I spent some time at White Memorial Medical Center as a senior medical student doing a rotation in surgery; however, I felt I wasn't getting enough time assisting.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|Man is the measure of all things', said the Sophist Protagora (c. 485-410 B.C.). By that he meant that the question of whether a thing is right or wrong, good or bad, must always be considered in relation to a person's needs.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|The sick in mind, and, perhaps, in body, are rendered more darkly and hopelessly so by the manifold reflection of their disease, mirrored back from all quarters in the deportment of those about them; they are compelled to inhale the poison of their own breath, in infinite repetition.
John Locke, Second Treatise of Government|The sheriff listened uneasily to a sound, very uncommon at elections, of the populace expressing an opinion contrary to that of the lord of the soil.
Susie Morgenstern, Secret Letters From 0 To 10|You’ve probably heard it before—if not, you’ve likely experienced it yourself.
Shea Darian, Sanctuaries of Childhood: Nurturing a Child's Spiritual Life|As we embrace the mystery of love, we see that it contains not an absence of error, but the presence of grace. It contains not the absence of anger or pain, but the presence of forgiveness and healing. Not the absence of disharmony or confusion, but the presence of peace and clarity.To make a home into a sanctuary, we must be willing to make room in our hearts for one another's limitations, as well as our gifts. For it is here in this sacred space of the home and family, so brimming with life, so full of every emotion available to our hearts, that we learn what it means to love within all the nuances of an intimate relationship.
Nikki Rowe|My soul has always remembered you, my mind is just trying to catch up.
Walter de la Mare| there anybody there?' said the Traveller,Knocking on the moonlit door;And his horse in the silence champed the grassesOf the forest's ferny floor.And a bird flew up out of the turret,Above the Traveller's head:And he smote upon the door again a second time;'Is there anybody there?' he said.But no one descended to the Traveller;No head from the leaf-fringed sillLeaned over and looked into his grey eyes,Where he stood perplexed and still.But only a host of phantom listenersThat dwelt in the lone house thenStood listening in the quiet of the moonlightTo that voice from the world of men:Stood thronging the faint moonbeams on the dark stair,That goes down to the empty hall,Hearkening in an air stirred and shakenBy the lonely Traveller's call.And he felt in his heart their strangeness,Their stillness answering his cry,While his horse moved, cropping the dark turf,'Neath the starred and leafy sky;For he suddenly smote on the door, evenLouder, and lifted his head:--'Tell them I came, and no one answered,That I kept my word,' he said.Never the least stir made the listeners,Though every word he spakeFell echoing through the shadowiness of the still houseFrom the one man left awake:Ay, they heard his foot upon the stirrup,And the sound of iron on stone,And how the silence surged softly backward,When the plunging hoofs were gone.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|Sometimes, as Eve was born from one of Adam’s ribs, a woman was born during my sleep from a cramped position of my thigh. Formed from the pleasure I was on the point of enjoying, she, I imagined, was the one offering it to me. My body, which felt in hers my own warmth, would try to find itself inside her, I would wake up. The rest of humanity seemed very remote compared to this woman I had left scarcely a few moments before; my cheek was still warm from her kiss, my body aching from the weight of hers. If, as sometimes happens, she had the features of a woman I had known in life, I would devote myself entirely to this end: to finding her again, like those who go off on a journey to see a longed-for city with their own eyes and imagine that one can enjoy in reality the charm of a dream. Little by little, the memory of her would fade, I had forgotten the girl of my dream.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|They say you cannot love two people equally at once,” she said. “And perhaps for others that is so. But you and Will—you are not like two ordinary people, two people who might have been jealous of each other, or who would have imagined my love for one of them diminished by my love of the other. You merged your souls when you were both children. I could not have loved Will so much if I had not loved you as well. And I could not love you as I do if I had not loved Will as I did.
Dave Gahan|Man has not really vanquished Shamanism and its spooks till he possesses the strength to lay aside not only the belief in ghosts or in spirits, but also the belief in the spirit.
Graham Chapman|McGough: I'm sorry. I'm afraid I've caught poetry. Mr Bones: Oh really? Well, don't worry, sir - I used to suffer from short stories.McGough: Really? When?Mr Bones: Oh, once upon a time ...
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|I believe you can prove everyone wrong, too, Victoria. Your behavior is a choice; it isn't who you are.
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|Christianity has always been the Gestapo of desire, since long, long before there was a Gestapo. Instead of Jews to hate, Christianity has desire. Though I guess Christianity has Jews, too. In any case, all the ovens in the world can’t incinerate desire.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|In many cases, it was the woman’s stomach—not her heart—that fell for her man.
Thea Harrison, Kinked|When it comes to human success, I'm pretty sure the object doesn't need a net external force to move it.
Crissi Langwell, The Road to Hope|If silences could be pregnant, then this one went to full term.
Rem Koolhaas|I started realizing that music is the one area where I've always let go. When that saxophone goes into my mouth, I get into a space where I never think about the notes I've already played or anticipate the notes ahead.
Greg Graffin|Every Christmas Eve, the elves will come and give us a new pair of pajamas.
Quentin R. Bufogle|[I]f you think that American imperialism and its globalised, capitalist form is the most dangerous thing in the world, that means you don't think the Islamic Republic of Iran or North Korea or the Taliban is as bad.
Victor L. Machin, epocalypse|Change is inevitable. If you don’t seek it out, it will seek you out.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|We’re built of contradictions, all of us. It’s those opposing forces that give us strength, like an arch, each block pressing the next. Give me a man whose parts are all aligned in agreement and I’ll show you madness. We walk a narrow path, insanity to each side. A man without contradictions to balance him will soon veer off.
Paul Thomas Anderson|I hump the wild to take it all in, there is no bag limit on happiness.
David Brooks|Old men want to feel that the experience which has come with their years is valuable, that their advice is valuable, that they possess a sagacity that could be obtained only through experience— a sagacity that could be of use to young men if only young men would ask.
LeBron James|With modeling, you pose. You want to look your best all the time. With acting, you have to be aware of the camera, but the more you show your imperfections, the better you're going to be.
Pat Williams|Now here is the good news: while it's true that none of us can know everything, we can all know more tomorrow than we do today
André Breton|Nothing that surrounds us is object, all is subject.
Anne Holm, I Am David|In my time,” he said, “they believed in witches. Are you a witch, Honor, that you make me say these things to you?” Causing him to rip open wounds that had stayed safely scabbed over for so long that, most of the time, he managed to forget they existed. Her hands, so very, very gentle, continued to hold his face as she tugged him down until their foreheads touched. “I’m no witch, Dmitri. If I was, I’d know how to fix you.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|An entrepreneurial spirit makes you someone who organizes, manages, and assumes the risks of a business enterprise, talent or calling to become an agent of change.
Larry Dossey, One Mind: How Our Individual Mind Is Part of a Greater Consciousness and Why It Matters|People say I have created things. I have never created anything. I get impressions from the Universe at large and work them out, but I am only a plate on a record or a receiving apparatus — what you will. Thoughts are really impressions that we get from outside.
Fareed Zakaria|He wished he understood where they come from: all the terrorists, religious revolutionists and hate-criminals. Did terrorizing entire communities of people help them sleep sound at night? Did it make them happy? Or are they just in for the attention? Have they nothing to lose? Or are they simply bored and spit balling issues that have always been there? Can all global acts of violence and terror be summed up, as just a whole other level of a mixture of bad parenting, psychological disorders and unattended anger management issues? Can they be treated, medically or spiritually? Are we waiting for the birth of another great visionary like Gautama Buddha, Jesus Christ or Prophet Muhammad, who will 'make the world a better place'? Or are we just too soaked in the idea that religion is a dying concept and spirituality is overrated? Is it too late? Are we too far behind? He wanted to know.
Richard M. Nixon|In the sixties, for anybody to suggest that the government didn't have our best interests at heart and policemen sometimes killed people would have automatically made them a radical firebrand lefty. That's not the case anymore.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ did not suffer and die to offer cheap grace. Jesus did not willingly go to the cross so we could have an easy life or offer a faith built on easy-believism. As someone said, “Salvation is free, but not cheap.” It cost Jesus His life.
Ray Bradbury|Love is being able to talk to someone else without effort, without hiding, and at the same time to feel absolutely comfortable not saying a word. At least that's one way I've figured out hot to describe love.
Mike Johanns|Crucial to science education is hands-on involvement: showing, not just telling; real experiments and field trips and not just 'virtual reality.'
Richard Wright|If a man confessed anything on his death bed, it was the truth; for no man could stare death in the face and lie.
Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love|God wants to save us in a people. He does not want to save us in isolation. And so today's church more than ever is accentuating the idea of being a people. The church therefore experiences conflicts, because it does not want a mass; it wants a people. A mass is a heap of persons, the drowsier the better, the more compliant the better. The church rejects communism's slander that it is the opium of the people. It has no intention of being the people's opium. Those that create drowsy masses are others. The church wants to rouse men and women to the true meaning of being a people. What is a people? A people is a community of persons where all cooperate for the common good.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|If there's a more helpless feeling than trying to reach someone you love who's trapped underground, I don't know it.
Tobias Wolff, The Night in Question|I'm a survivor, " I said. But I didn't think that claim would carry much weight in an obituary.
José Saramago|Not only does the universe have its own laws, all of them indifferent to the contradictory dreams and desires of humanity, and in the formulation of which we contribute not one iota, apart, that is, from the words by which we clumsily name them, but everything seems to indicate that it uses these laws for aims and objectives that transcend and always will transcend our understanding.
Alin Sav|If you want to lead people, but you have problems in being authentic, you´ve lost.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|Still photographs are the most powerful weapon in the world. People believe them, but photographs do lie, even without manipulation. They are only half-truths.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|But ultimately I do not believe that she was only matter. The rest of her must be recycled, too. I believe now that we are greater than the sum of our parts. If you take Alaska's genetic code and you add her life experiences and the relationships she had with people, and then you take the size and shape of her body, you do not get her. There is something else entirely. There is a part of her greater than the sum of her knowable parts. And that part has to go somewhere, because it cannot be destroyed
John Stamos|When someone came to ask us for help, it was sacred. We did not even think twice. We helped them, even if we had only meagre means; we offered them arms, a little bit of money, and in occasion, men.
Will Durant|Magic begins in superstition, and ends in science. ... At every step the history of civilization teaches us how slight and superficial a structure civilization is, and how precariously it is poised upon the apex of a never-extinct volcano of poor and oppressed barbarism, superstition and ignorance. Modernity is a cap superimposed upon the Middle Ages, which always remain.
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|Don't be afraid to be confused. Try to remain permanently confused. Anything is possible. Stay open, forever, so open it hurts, and then open up some more, until the day you die, world without end, amen.
Manal Al-Sharif, Daring to Drive: A Saudi Woman’s Awakening|So you’re the infamous Manal al-Sharif,” he said, eyeing me from behind his desk. “Aren’t you ashamed of what you did?”“Is driving a car something shameful?” I answered back.
michael p naughton|Respect. Have it not only for others, but also for yourself.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|So if animals aren't our friends, then what are they? The answer can be summed up between two buns.
Gerhard Amanshauser|To her amazement, she realized that the way of life of these people was nothing more than an indeterminate fiction, casually knotted together at particular points that were used again and again. With four or five remarks, and a couple of facial expressions, she had mastered it with no problem at all.
Deyth Banger|Clouds are like humans, some of them are black.
Faith Sullivan, I Am Yours|She pursed her lips and nodded, swiveling around to continue her survey of my modest living space. Her arms were folded tightly across her chest as she strolled around. Letting out a long, deep breath, she dropped her hands to her sides when she reached my DVD collection. “Downton Abbey?”I jolted forward, clearing my throat. “Yeah, it’s uh…it’s a good show.
Malti Bhojwani, thankfulness appreciation gratitude - my journal|If the heights of our joy are measured by the depths of our gratitude, and gratitude is but a way of seeing, a spiritual perspective of smallness might offer a vital way of seeing especially conducive to gratitude
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|If you believe you can change—if you make it a habit—the change becomes real. This is the real power of habit: the insight that your habits are what you choose them to be. Once that choice occurs—and becomes automatic—it’s not only real, it starts to seem inevitable.
Jose Saramago|My mother has had breast cancer twice. And my mother has always been this very positive human being: a glass-half-full type. Like, when she was in treatment and feeling really bad, she would always talk about some nurse that was particularly nice to her.
Isaiah Bible ESV|Fear is a scheme that the devil uses to great effect. From my personal study, the words “do not be afraid” or “fear thee not” (depending on the Bible translation) appear over one hundred times in the Bible! The message from God is quite clear: we need not be afraid!
Shay Savage, Transcendence|I wonder what I will do if she doesn't wake up, and I don't have an answer. As I lie back down next to her and pull her into my arms, my stomach growls, and suddenly I know exactly what I will do. If she doesn't wake up, then I will just lie with her until I don't wake up either.
Bruce Coville, Into the Land of the Unicorns|Keep one thing in your mind; your school & friends can never teach you properly ,"how to be a good husband & father.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Most of us have nicknames—annoying, endearing, embarrassing.But what about your true name? to respond when called.Ever wonder why?.
Eliza Coupe|I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do.
Chloe Jacobs, Greta and the Lost Army|he waves settled to soft ripples, and he still hadn’t surfaced. “Isaac?” she swept her arms through the dark water, calling him, but encountered nothing but slimy weeds. Another few seconds and she was in panic mode.She ducked her head beneath the surface and swam down as deep as she could, reaching out in front of her blindly. Suddenly, a strong hand clamped around her ankle. She instinctively kicked and fought her way up for air, gasping as she reached the surface, but he didn’t let go, only shifted his grip to her thighs as he pulled her close and guided her legs around his waist.“That was mean,” she gasped, very aware of every inch of him in physical contact with her.His gaze dipped down to the tops of her breasts showing through the thin fabric of her bra, and his arms tightened around her. “I can’t seem to form thoughts at the moment,” he groaned, pressing a kiss to her mouth before scraping down the side of her neck. “But I’m fairly certain you would take the title for meanness if we were keeping score,” he murmured against her skin.She broke out in goose bumps all the way down to her toes, and it had nothing to do with the chill in the water.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|I'd had a little feeling of destiny. Because, you see, what I mean about affinities is true from friendships down to even the accidental glance at someone on the street-there's always a definite reason somewhere. I think even the poets would agree with me.
Christopher Hitchens, Why Orwell Matters|People say my films are dark. But like lightness, darkness stems from a reflection of the world. The thing is, I get these ideas that I truly fall in love with. And a good movie idea is often like a girl you're in love with, but you know she's not the kind of girl you bring home to your parents, because they sometimes hold some dark and troubling things.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|Strongest is not the one hard at heart, but the one tough at heart, to endure the hardest situations of life.
Maria Montessori|They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.
Summer Sanders|I thought, 'It doesn't matter what that woman is wearing,' but then I realised actually it's our job as designers to make women smile; to bring them the chocolate without the calories.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|Passion in life…is life. It’s contagious. Get naked and roll around in it. People who enjoy living have it all figured out. They are passionate, driven, alive, and they are real.
Anais Nin|When a person starts to talk about their dreams, it's as if something bubbles up from within. Their eyes brighten, their face glows, and you can feel the excitement in their words.
UAE Exchange|She flipped through the pages of her apps, as if Apple made an app for "Escape from a deserted island.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|How did you get into the castle, Alexandre, son of Gilles Smith?” Sand shrugged. “A saint kidnapped me from his shrine and put me into a fireplace here. So I guess the answer is, a miracle of Saint Melor. Or so I think. He has not told me.” “If you are trying to antagonize him, you are doing a good job,” Perrotte whispered. Sand scuffed his shoe at her. “I’m just telling the truth!” “You’re very good at telling it in the most maddening way possible.”“Thank you?
Wendy Kopp|When I was growing up, I was lucky to benefit from a first class education.
Ray Palla, KRILL AMERICA|whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people's hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
John Médaille|Anyone who objects to any government whatsoever as a form of socialism ought not to pull that socialist lever in their home, the one that makes their waste disappear in a whirlpool into the socialized sewage treatment plant.
David Sue, Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice, Instructor's Manual|If you think the reason you exist or go to school is just to satisfy your selfish ambitions, then you are of all men most miserable
Emma Cameron, Cinnamon Rain|Formerly, many men dominated women within marriage. Now, despite a much wider acceptance of women as workers, men dominate women anonymously outside the marriage. Patriarchy has not disappeared; it has changed form. In the old form, women were forced to obey an overbearing husband in the privacy of an unjust marriage. In the new form, the working single mother is economically abandoned by her former husband and ignored by a patriarchal society at large.
Grace Willows, The Midnight Hour|What’s it like to live forever?Nicholas almost dropped the glass he had been holding. “What?”“What’s it like to know you will never die?”He should have known, he thought. She was a smart woman. “Lonely.” He said answering truthfully.He sighed. “It’s not romantic, or fun, or even exciting., It’s just lonely. I have watched everyone that I have ever loved, die. My family, my friends, my lovers and neighbors. It is not a fate I would ever wish on my worst enemy.
Federico García Lorca|Everyone understands the pain that accompanies death,but genuine pain doesn't live in the spirit,nor in the air, nor in our lives,nor on these terraces of billowing smoke.The genuine pain that keeps everything awakeis a tiny, infinite burnon the innocent eyes of other systems.
George Osborne|One baby is a patient baby, and waits indefinitely until its mother is ready to feed it. The other baby is an impatient baby and cries lustily, screams and kicks and makes everybody unpleasant until it is fed. Well, we know perfectly well which baby is attended to first. That is the whole history of politics.
Malcolm X|The great majority of us are Muslims. We follow the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed (may peace be upon him). We are members of the brotherhood of Islam in which all are equal in rights, dignity and self-respect. Consequently, we have a special and a very deep sense of unity. But make no mistake: Pakistan is not a theocracy or anything like it.
Raghu Karnad|People have two deaths: the first at the end of their lives, when they go away, and the second at the end of the memory of their lives, when all who remember them are gone. Then a person quits the world completely.
Tina Fey|You either have chemistry or you don't, but a lot of what attracts me is a guy's mind and humor and talent. I need to get to know all those things before I fall for someone.
Justine Lévy, Nothing Serious|Je ne laissa entrer que le plaisair, oui, j’ai cette capacité-là, moi, de filtrer ce qui m’arrive, de choisir, j’ai choisi de ne pas être triste.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. It wasn't until after you sold me the talking car, I realized you were the world’s best ventriloquist.
Clinton Boomer, The Hole Behind Midnight|On the other side of that big-ass mirror, a video camera was watching us. In about ten seconds, it was going to start spitting static at itself, and everything it saw was going to break up into a fuzzy, gray-white wash, rolling up and down, that wouldn’t be admissible as evidence on Judge Judy. Those missing frames would last a little less than a quarter of a minute, consolidate themselves backinto a semblance of reality, and then I would theoretically go walking right back out of here.Between now and that moment, there stretched an infinite ocean of potentialtime. Time enough to walk around the world. Time enough to fall in love, getmarried on a white beach under purple stars, write a book of poems abouttruest passion, have a few good and bloody screaming matches, get divorced in a court of autumn elves and gypsy moths, then set the ink-stained, tear-streaked pages of your text ablaze.
Bijou Hunter, Train Wreck|I know you have baggage, I know you're going to be a pain in my ass, but I love you more that I ever dreamed possible.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|And so shall honor Morgant," Gwydion said, "for what he used to be, and Ellidyr Prince of Pen-Llarcau for what he became.
Baltasar Gracian|No matter where you are from, no matter what your background is, no matter what your socioeconomic status is, every person can achieve his or her dreams.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|FAITH is not the LAST OPTION left,It is the FIRST REASON to STAND FIRM in what we BELIEVED
Karen Blixen|Dr Sass…maintained that in paradise, until the time of the fall, the whole world was flat, the back-curtain of the Lord, and that it was the devil who invented a third dimension. Thus are the words ‘straight’, ‘square’, and ‘flat’ the words of noblemen, but the apple was an orb, and the sin of our first parents, the attempt at getting around God. I myself much prefer the art of painting to sculpture
Aaron Sorkin|If you feel that strongly about something, you have an obligation to try and change my mind.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|However carefully a judge is protected by the experience and the logic of the law, there must be times -not many, I know, or we should have no judges- when the same frightful question must be answered. Not faced, you see, but answered. Every now and again he must have to say to himself, in effect, "Everyone agrees that this colour is black, and my reason tells me it is so, but on my soul, do I know?
Homer|For I say there is no other thing that is worse than the sea is for breaking a man, even though he may a very strong one.
Herman Melville|I fail to remember, the mind has fuses.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Talent & Skills are useless & won’t get you anywhere, without lot of practice, commitment & prioritization
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Your imagination, your will, your conscience – these are almighty – they make you achieve things that no human being has ever achieved in history.
Jane Austen, Emma|Mr. Knightley to be no longer coming there for his evening comfort! - No longer walking in at all hours, as if ever willing to change his own home for their's! - How was it to be endured?
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|Holmes took up the stone and held it against the light. "It's a bonny thing," said he. "Just see how it glints and sparkles. Of course it is a nucleus and focus of crime. Every good stone is. They are the devil's pet baits. In the larger and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed. This stone is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy River in soutern China and is remarkable in having every characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade instead of ruby red. In spite of its youth, it has already a sinister history. There have been two murders, a vitriol-throwing, a suicide, and several robberies brought about for the sake of this forty-grain weight of crystallised charcoal. Who would think that so pretty a toy would be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison?
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Silence doesn’t have to be a major pilgrimage into the wilderness in order to find a solitary space. Everyday tasks such as driving around town, folding laundry, preparing food, washing dishes, or taking walks can all provide a measure of solitude each day when approached with the right mindset and a commitment to shut off televisions, computers, tablets, smartphones, radios, and anything else that could interrupt silence.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Healing is impossible in loneliness; it is the opposite of loneliness. Conviviality is healing. To be healed we must come with all the other creatures to the feast of Creation.(pg.99, "The Body and the Earth")
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|When you try to take someone's pain away from them, you don't make it better. You just tell them it's not OK to talk about their pain.
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|I feel the life slipping out of me. When the pain comes, I cry out, but there is no prayer in it, only fear. I kneel and recite my office and the Rosary but the words are empty - dry gourds rattling in the silence. The dark is terrible and I feel so alone. I see no signs but the symbols of contradiction. I try to dispose myself to faith, hope and charity, but my will is a blown reed in the winds of despair.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Living like an empty shell is not really living, no matter how many years it might go on
Sukant Ratnakar|I almost forgot to tell you - you have the right to remain silent, but if you do, my boys at the station will process your bones to help you confess.
Anna Banks|We both know dad was my parental trash can, the fatherly receptacle on whom I dumped my emotions.
Siva D, Doing the Damn Thang: Collection of Erotic Stories|I took one look at him, my mouth started watering and my panties moistened with thick fluid as if he had touched my sensation and made me instantaneously combust.
Jane Austen, Emma|If someone slaps you on one cheek, offer the other cheek also...but of course if you were able to stand soberly after the first slap.
Stephen Richards|You will find that people will always have opinions about your decisions. Don’t take it personally, it’s simply because they're not courageous enough to take action in their own lives. Be a leader in your life and pay no mind to those who lack the courage to do the same in theirs.
Kristen Ashley, For You|This is the gift of focus, or wilful denial, and it is something boys are particularly good at. Girls—at least where I grew up—tend to be more emotionally balanced and sane, and therefore find the kind of all-excluding concentration you need to care about dinosaurs, taxonomy, philately and geopolitical schemes a bit worrying and sad. Girls can grasp the bigger picture (i.e., it might be better not to destroy the world over this), where boys have a perfect grip on the fine print (i.e., this insidious idea is antithetical to our existence and cannot be allowed to flourish alongside our peace-loving, free society). Note carefully how it is probably better to let the girls deal with weapons of mass destruction.
Abigail Tarttelin, Golden Boy|Sometimes I still feel that there are two of me: one clean, flawless picture, the other imperfect and cracked; one boy, one girl; one voice that speaks aloud and one that whispers in my ear; one publicly known to have been troubled but be on the mend, the other who has privately lost something to do with innocence and gained something to do with knowledge and adulthood that can never be undone. I feel sometimes there are things that tear me in two directions, that there are two sets of thoughts that grow side by side. But then I realize that I am whole, whatever that means and does not mean; I am complete without the need for additions or alteration.
Gail Carriger, Prudence|You can shape people how ever you like it, but first you have to gain their Trust
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When the family is destroyed, society eventually disintegrates.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 4: 1944-1947|The important task of literature is to free man, not to censor him, and that is why Puritanism was the most destructive and evil force which ever oppressed people and their literature: it created hypocrisy, perversion, fears, sterility.
Moywaywa|Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.......
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Tell me you’ve seen the world.Now, you’ve come back homeTell me you’ve carried me with you,That you’ve held me close.Tell me you’ve missed meOr that I’m not crazy for waiting causeOf all the butterflies that chose to stay,I’m in love with the one that got away
Tony Curl|Calling it as you see it, should include yourself as well.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|I know of no evil that ever existed, nor can imagine any evil to exist, worse than the tearing of seventy or eighty thousand persons every year from their own land.
Martin van Creveld, Command in War|Intelligence analysts should be self-conscious about their reasoning processes. They should think about how they make judgments and reach conclusions, not just about the judgments and conclusions themselves.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|The levelling of the European man is the great process which cannot be obstructed; it should even be accelerated. The necessity of cleaving gulfs, distance, order of rank, is therefore imperative —not the necessity of retarding this process. This homogenizing species requires justification as soon as it is attained: its justification is that it lies in serving a higher and sovereign race which stands upon the former and can raise itself this task only by doing this. Not merely a race of masters whose sole task is to rule, but a race with its own sphere of life, with an overflow of energy for beauty, bravery, culture, and manners, even for the most abstract thought; a yea-saying race that may grant itself every great luxury —strong enough to have no need of the tyranny of the virtue-imperative, rich enough to have no need of economy or pedantry; beyond good and evil; a hothouse for rare and exceptional plants.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|Love is not about making promises but it's about believing, no matter how far you are or how frequently you talk, you know you both are made for each other
Edgar Allan Poe, Tales of Mystery and Imagination|Our little tribal circles, bound by social contracts and selfish mutual need. Everyone working in their own greedy self-interests and huddling together with their tribe, at war with all those outside who they regard as barely human. What breaks a human mind out of that iron cage of mistrust, is a sacrifice. The martyr who gives up everything, who abandons all personal gain, who lays down his life for the good of those outside his group. He becomes a symbol all can rally around. So instead of trying to make a selfish, violent primate somehow empathize with the whole world, which is impossible, you only need to get him to remember and love the martyr. As one is forgotten, another must replace it.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Since the days of cave civilization to the modern day microprocessor civilization, the relation between man and woman remained the same. Then it was at a carnal level. And, today it is still at carnal level.
Chitra Lekha Banerjee Divakaruni|Who is truly wealthy? That man to whom the agreeable and disagreeable, wealth and woe, past and future, are the same. What is the most wondrous thing on earth? Each day countless humans enter the Temple of Death, yet the ones left behind continue to live as though they were immortal.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The greatest gift you can give is your time.  Not money, not items, not food, not pretty cards with handwritten sentiment, but time.  People need your presence.  The way you can help a soul the most is to simply be there.
Mavis Cheek|Images are not quite ideas, they are stiller than that, with less implication outside themselves. And they are not myth, they do not have the explanatory power; they are nearer to pure story. Nor are they always metaphors; they do not say this is that, they say this is.
Brian Tracy, Eat That Frog!: 21 Great Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Get More Done in Less Time|Too often, we miss out on opportunities in this life because we were too busy waiting for them to fall into our lap that we missed them tapping on our shoulder.
Martin Luther King Jr., A Knock at Midnight: Inspiration from the Great Sermons of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.|...in an infinite universe, anything that could be imagined might somewhere exist.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You cannot fast-forward time, you cannot rewind it, and you cannot pause it; you can only waste or benefit from it.
Bobby Vinton|This band is a real collaboration, and I'm greatful to anybody who can appreciate our music. It doesn't have to be a certain kind of fan or person or anything. I think there's a little bit of something for everybody on this record.
Dana Reeve|Your emotional state has a tremendous amount to do with sickness, health and well-being. For years, my husband and I lived on -- and because of -- hope. Hope continues to give me the mental strength to carry on.
Phillip Adams|The book can produce an addiction as fierce as heroin or nicotine, forcing us to spend much of our lives, like junkies, in book shops and libraries, those literary counterparts to the opium den.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If lawmakers in nations today refused to be bribed and be corrupted by some larger-than-life leaders, the people will be less insulted and molested by ungodliness and injustice.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck|It is thus that man, with fervent imagination, can endue the rough stone with loveliness, forge the mis-shapen metal into a likeness of all that wins our hearts by exceeding beauty, and breathe into a dissonant trump soul-melting harmonies. The mind of man—that mystery, which may lend arms against itself, teaching vain lessons of material philosophy, but which, in the very act, shows its power to play with all created things, adding the sweetness of its own essence to the sweetest, taking its ugliness from the deformed.
Barbra Streisand|Why does a woman work ten years to change a man, then complain he's not the man she married?
Shon Mehta, A Tale of a Fairy Tale and other stories|Do you get it now asshole? I will go down fighting for you, for me, for us. I'm not giving you an option to push me away. I don't care that you're afraid of corrupting me. I love you Tristan. All of you- the dark, the light, the love, the hate. I see it all and I love it all, because who you are is exactly who I am. We're two halves of the same soul and nothing will tear us apart, not even you. So you can either accept it or not, but I'm never leaving you, not in this lifetime, or the next.
Rebecca Traister|'Chocolat' was a sort of statement of my own childhood, recognizing I experienced something from the end of the colonial era and the beginning of independence as I was a child that really made me aware of things I never forgot - a sort of childhood that made me different when I was a student in France.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We all have exactly the same number of minutes in a day. The question is, how will we use them? Most people today are either too busy—or not busy enough. The Bible tells us that both extremes are wrong.
Beverley Price, Blood Bound|And then I saw her, who I could have only assumed with Aura Tsang, a very petite women, with the exotic features of those you associate with an Asian background complete with slick dark hair but the most amazing piercing blue eyes, the type that any Aryan would have be proud of. She seemed to have the persona that made her a person of the world,Yet, there was the energy that she was giving off, a energy of a powerful and brave woman who could and would take on the world and yet she had the gentlest smile complete with dimples. I was transfixed by her and I felt that my heart would burst into a thousand of pieces if she spoke to me, which of course she would and it did.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Tut, tut, child!" said the Duchess. "Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it.
C. William Beebe|……but work in the field has nothing to do with dignity or with anything except patience, concentration, and eternal vigilance
Joanna Penn, The Successful Author Mindset: A Handbook for Surviving the Writer's Journey|When you feel that creeping self-doubt, acknowledge it. Write down your feelings in your journal... and then continue with your writing.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|I was trying so hard to find the single pivotal moment that set my life on its path. The moment that answered the question, 'How did I get here?'But it's never just one moment. It's a series of them. And your life can branch out from each one in a thousand different ways. Maybe there's a version of your life for all the choices you make and all the choices you don't.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|But doctor, even you, a Hittite, saw what our Mycenaean shields were like! Oh, don’t smile, I may be an old woman, but I known what I am talking about, and if you will be patient, you will understand, too… You do not see the wholeness of things, the Virtue, the arête. You observe one fact, the single symptom, like the Hittite doctor you are, but your eyes are blind to the Ananke, the whole Order of things which even the gods cannot infringe. The shield is formed on a frame, and that frame is the will of man. But after the sun and rain have been on it a week, its shape has changed beyond man’s guiding; and that is Ananke… though I began upon a firm frame, the hide of my experience has tautened and twisted until now I am as Ananke will me to be. I am not what I wished, or others wished for me: I am what it was ordained for me to become ever the seed passed from my father to my mother. I am the cow’s hide, tormented to the only shape it can be. Now do you see? Do you see that there may be no anger, no regret, no remorse?
Janet Fitch|Six months after we started, in 1964, there was a day when we sold only seven sandwiches. If we'd taken all the money from the register, we couldn't have paid an employee, much less the food or the rent or all that. It could have been a turning point. We could have given up.
Nikki Rowe|she will change the world someday, her cure of love in a world gone mad; is the gentle kind of touch that will teach women to grow and men to rise.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|Just got to fnafflebrump caddwallame, all right?" Edie says, and no one pays attention. She learned at Lady Gravely's that nonsense which can be misheard is a very good way to lie without getting caught. People just insert whatever they think you must be doing, and - having lied to themselves on your behalf - are disinclined to check up on you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your mind can go ahead and imagine what it wants to imagine, but a true friend will always remain true, in spite of the false messages running through your mind.
Crissy Moss, Small Bites: The Complete Collection|He looked up at her. Age and worry had taken their toll on her frail body, but she was kind and beautiful. And for a moment, memories and thoughts swam to the surface, the world coming into utter clarity. And all of them revolved around Amanda, his wife of fifty years.
Frank Abagnale|You knew how humiliating that is as an experience for celebrities to be less of a celebrity. There's no class to adjust to being less famous, and you don't think you have to worry about it. But you do.
Tatyana Eckstrand|Marianne, who had the knack of finding her way in every house to the library, however it might be avoided by the family in general, soon procured herself a book.
Gaurav Parab, Rustom and the Last Storyteller of Almora|There are two kinds of people in the world. There are eggers and lightkeepers. The former are driven by acquisition and avarice. The latter are driven by curiosity and caution. Eggers take what they can, consequences be damned. Lightkeepers take what they need, nothing more. Eggers want to have. Lightkeepers want to be.
Fulton J. Sheen, The Prodigal World|Making a dream come true is like taking control of an airplane high up in the stratosphere and landing it safely on the ground – a measure of forethought, skill and courage is definitely required.
Randy Alcorn, The Purity Principle: God's Safeguards for Life's Dangerous Trails|We are [God's] by creation, and again by redemption. He has every right to tell me what to do with my mind and body. I have. I right to do whatever I want with my body.
San Juan de la Cruz, Living Flame of Love|They stood together in a false intimacy, a nervous contact. And he was in love with her.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Live your life with the will, to understand life.
Diana Duncan, Sword of the Raven|Don't ever 'influence' me against my will again, MacLachlan,. Or I will load your balls into my Cuisinart and press 'chop.
Julia London, Suddenly in Love|In his last days on this earth, he’d wanted to know if this was all there was.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|You could say that life just happens and it's the way it goes, you either accept it or you fight it... Or You can be one of the few that rises above this perception and fights in all their glory to create the life they want, regardless of the struggle. Who do you want to be? Someone to remember or someone easy to forget...
Marian Tee, Drawn: His Secret Toy|Some of the things he’s said over the past few days are starting to make sense, and I begin to feel more and more like the people I despise. He told me outright that he would answer anything if I just asked, yet I chose to believe the rumours about him instead. No wonder he was so irritated with me. I was treating him just like everyone else treats me.
Vincent van Gogh|What I am in the eyes of most people - a nonentity, an eccentric, or an unpleasant person - somebody who has no position in society and will never have; in short, the lowest of the low. All right, then - even if that were absolutely true, then I should like to show by my work what such an eccentric, such a nobody, has in his heart.
Ezra Pound|Love thou thy dreamAll base love scorning,Love thou the windAnd here take warningThat dreams alone can truly be,For 'tis in dream I come to thee.Ezra Pound, The Songtrad. Ungaretti:Ama il tuo sogno Ama il tuo sognoOgni inferiore amore disprezzando,Il vento amaEd accorgiti quiChe i sogni solo possono veramente essere,Perciò in sogno a raggiungerti m’avvio.
Anthony Liccione|The mint from your breath, the milk from your breast, the best of your mind, now in its worst state of condition. From the womb to the tomb, as a mild flower, you break your petals upon blossom, and seize death openly. Leaving your fragrance to spin and dance, one last time before being blown away.
Jack Kerouac, Book of Sketches|A scene should be selected by the writer for haunted-ness-of-mind interest. If you're not haunted by something, as by a dream, a vision, or a memory, which are involuntary, you're not interested or even involved.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|There is no answer for life, creation, or mankind. We make the answer.
E.L. Doctorow, Ragtime|When I went into the business, I sat down and figured that I was indeed one of fortune's children. Just think. There were 20 million buffalo, each worth at least $3 -- $60 million. At the very outside, cartridges cost 25 cents each, so every time I fired one I got my investment back twelve times over. I could kill a hundred a day.... That would be $6,000 a month -- or three times what was paid, it seems to me, the President of the United States. Was I not lucky that I discovered this quick and easy way to fortune? I thought I was.
Charlotte Eriksson|A big group of daily friends or a white painted house with bills and mirrors, are not a necessity to me—but an intelligent conversation while sharing another coffee, is.
Frederick Dodson, Parallel Universes of Self|Truth is not a path you follow, but one created by your footsteps.
Kristen Henderson|Once, I took the penny whistle you gave me and discovered a spotby the roaring falls where I could play as loud as I wanted. I lay in the bifurcated trunkof a low-slung birch tree. The sun peeked through applauding leaves, high overhead.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|A giant octopus living way down deep at the bottom of the ocean. It has this tremendously powerful life force, a bunch of long, undulating legs, and it's heading somewhere, moving through the darkness of the ocean… It takes on all kinds of different shapes—sometimes it's 'the nation,' and sometimes it's 'the law,' and sometimes it takes on shapes that are more difficult and dangerous than that. You can try cutting off its legs, but they just keep growing back. Nobody can kill it. It's too strong, and it lives too far down in the ocean. Nobody knows where its heart is. What I felt then was a deep terror. And a kind of hopelessness, a feeling that I could never run away from this thing, no matter how far I went. And this creature, this thing doesn't give a damn that I'm me or you're you. In its presence, all human beings lose their names and their faces. We all turn into signs, into numbers.
Dave Gahan|America to me is so varied and exciting. I always feel nostalgia for the place I'm not in, and then I get there and find myself in a traffic jam going into the Lincoln Tunnel, and I think, 'God, why was I romanticizing this part of the country?' I think it has to do with the romantic, unrealistic temperament.
Paula McLain, The Paris Wife|Out of the corner of his eye, he saw another woman sitting over in a wing chair, a pleasantly attractive lady wearing the tasteful clothes of a senior redactrice, or senior civil servant, the stylish black skirt, the dark stockings, the black pumps, and the starched white linen blouse of her caste. The dark hair was swept up in a chignon, elegant and functional, dark eyes glistened as she smiled at him in a professional manner. He could see that she was a woman who met men in a highly assured way—serene, and expert at creating a proper distance.
Carl Lewis|Sports without music, it's nothing but a game. Music adds the emotion.
Criss Jami, Healology|Unprovoked hostility is often but displaced self-defense: 'I must stop him before he stops me.' In many of such environments, nobody is really hateful so much as they are just fearful.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|Intuitions come first, strategic reasoning second.
M.F. Moonzajer|He had danced with fair maidens before, but Odette was different. She was graceful and beautiful, but there was something in her eyes and in the things she said, an intelligence and a boldness that belied her quiet demeanor.
Steven Spielberg|Man, me and Biggie were the biggest artists in New York. When he passed, I was so messed up. My attitude was messed up about him dying. There was an East-West thing back then, and I was in war mode.
Louis Veuillot|You gotta remember the smartest thing the Congress did was to limit the voters in this country. Out of 3 1/2 to 4 million people, 200,000 voted. And that was true for a helluva long time, and the republic would have never survived if all the dummies had voted along with the intelligent people.
Vanessa Veselka|Surely, of all creatures that have life and will, we women are the most wretched. When, for an extravagant sum, we have bought a husband, we must then accept him as possessor of our body.
Shawn Quigley|The one good thing about 'chaos' is that you are so busy dealing with lifes shit, you have no time to think about how petty these'Life Changing Issues' are.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Cosmic Ordering Meditation|Once you stop being locked into viewing reality from just one perspective, you will start to be free from habitual reactivity.
Clementine Holzinger, EL32|Love your life. That's a direct route to something people used to call "happiness".
Julie B.  Campbell, Love at First Plight|Pain is an old friend who left briefly and has now returned. Starvation without sustenance, I had grown acquaint. Satiety was a stranger who invaded my deepest being, and now I cannot live without.
L.J. Smith|How ironic, she thought, as she fell to her certain death, that at that moment she would have given anything to be a giant goose again.
Daniel Wallace, Big Fish|I gazed up at the stars as I waited. They twinkled down at me, like a huge handful of diamonds someone had coated in glue and thrown on the ceiling.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Hebrew word for "charity" tzedakah, simply means "justice" and as this suggests, for Jews, giving to the poor is no optional extra but an essential part of living a just life.
Deyth Banger|...our stories are who we are, where we begin. They connect us, tearing down walls and shattering isolation. For story is where hope begins.
Francis Chan|When religion becomes so involved in a future good "over yonder" that it forgets the present evils over here it is as dry as dust religion and needs to be condemned.
Sunday Adelaja|When the kingdom leaves the church, the church stops living for herself
Anne Archer|Through basic science literacy, people can understand the policy choices we need to be making. Scientists are not necessarily the greatest communicators, but science and communication is one of the fundamentals we need to address. People are interested.
Aldo Leopold|I never miss Meeting now," I said. "Do not look surprised. I have sent many a prayer heavenward on your behalf. And your father is not home yet. Your uncle sails under more danger of his own making. There is more to living in a town than I knew when you were young. Things have happened. It is important to go and to give to the poor and to keep in good graces with all who know us.""But you always said to trust your own heart.""That is true, son. I do not do this for trickery but to make myself known. If people have your acquaintance and friendship, they are not so quick to believe falsity.
Eva Ibbotson|For whether a place is a heaven or a hell rests in yourself, and those who go with courage may find themselves in paradise.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|For you to be great, you must learn to convert every second of your life.
Stacey Kade, Body & Soul|You pushed it too far. You shouldn't take the same risk again.""Says the guy who got shot.
Hilaire Belloc, First and Last|These are the advantages of travel, that one meets so many men whom one would otherwise never meet, and that one feeds as it were upon the complexity of mankind
William Reddington Hewlett|Women were freed from positive duties when they could not perform them, but not when they could.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|Across the sea fat kings watched and were gleeful, that something begun so well had now gone off the rails (as down South similar kings watched), and if it went off the rails, so went the whole kit, forever, and if someone ever thought to start it up again, well, it would be said (and said truly): The rabble cannot manage itself.Well, the rabble could. The rabble would.He would lead the rabble in managing.The thing would be won.
Kiki  Theo|People become wealthy when they become specific... when they know what that means to them, not only in terms of the objects and amounts involved - ... but also in terms of how they want this wealth to make them feel.
Alan Moore, Top 10, Vol. 2|If death ends all, if I have neither to hope for good to come nor to fear evil, I must ask myself what I am here for and how in these circumstances I must conduct myself. Now the answer to one of these questions is plain, but it is so unpalatable that most men will not face it. There is no reason for living and life has no meaning. We are here, inhabitants for a little while of a small planet, revolving around a minor star which is in turn one of unnumbered galaxies... The astronomer tells us.... this planet will eventually reach a condition when living things can no longer exist upon it and at long last the universe will attain that final state of equilibrium in which nothing more can happen. Aeons and aeons before this man will have disappeared. Is it possible to suppose that it will matter then that he ever existed? He will have been a chapter in the history of the universe as pointless as the chapter in which is written the life stories of the strange creatures that inhabited the primeval earth.
Tom Felton|I’ll be there someday, I can go the distance.I will find my way, if I can be strong.I know every mile, will be worth my while,When I go the distance, I’ll be right where I belong. - Hercules
Philip Pullman|Stories don’t teach us to be good; it isn’t as simple as that. They show us what it feels like to be good, or to be bad. They show us people like ourselves doing right things and wrong things, acting bravely or acting meanly, being cruel or being kind, and they leave it up to our own powers of empathy and imagination to make the connection with our own lives. Sometimes we do, sometimes we don’t. It isn’t like putting a coin in a machine and getting a chocolate bar; we’re not mechanical, we don’t respond every time in the same way…The moral teaching comes gently, and quietly, and little by little, and weighs nothing at all. We hardly know it’s happening. But in this silent and discreet way, with every book we read and love, with every story that makes its way into our heart, we gradually acquire models of behavior and friends we admire and patterns of decency and kindness to follow.
James Patterson|The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man.
Dhammapada|Aggression, Violence, Exploitation, Depression, Despair, Prejudice, War, Intolerance, Poverty, Are all a result of a misunderstanding of the nature of Self.
Strýco Mange|What you consider as real may not exist at all, and what you cannot see today may turn out to be the purpose of your life one day.
Thomas Dukes, Baptist Confidential|I walk the beach to smile at other peopleand their busy children, trying to findanother way to save the world.
Jon Skovron, Hope and Red|Working smarter is learning to prioritize, plan, and focus our energies with meaningful intent.
kamil Toume|With a little care for each other in the business world,we create a better one. A world in which human beings look after their fellow humans.
Holly Hood, Black Moon|Slade and sex went together. He was a walking aphrodisiac, from the top of his head, to the black boots on his feet.
Jacques-Yves Cousteau|Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|The old dealt with its pupils as grown birds deal with young birds when they teach them to fly; the new deals with them more as the poultry-keeper deals with young birds — making them thus or thus for purposes of which the birds know nothing. In a word, the old was a kind of propagation — men transmitting manhood to men; the new is merely propaganda.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have become more and therefore expect more, but never become too purpose-driven to step back and realize just how far you have progressed.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|We seek to forget ourselves, to be surprised and to do something without knowing how or why. The way of life is wonderful. It is my abandonment.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Please tell me your master isn't Aeolus.""That airhead?" Favonius snorted. "No, of course not.""He means Eros." Nico's voice turned edgy. "Cupid, in Latin."Favonius smiled. "Very good, Nico di Angelo. I'm glad to see you again, by the way. It's been a long time.
Tony Judt|Life is going to be complex, and the only way we're able navigate our way through it at all is by living as best we can and absorbing those experiences and somehow making intuitive responses in future situations that resemble them in some way.
Charles Platt|Before I lost my voice, it was slurred, so only those close to me could understand, but with the computer voice, I found I could give popular lectures. I enjoy communicating science. It is important that the public understands basic science, if they are not to leave vital decisions to others.
Janet Reno|It is not rational, never mind 'appropriate,' to impose billions of dollars in economic costs in return for a few dollars in health or environmental benefits.
Adam Braun|I will continue to push for doubling the strength of the U.S. Border Patrol, and to make sure that every cargo container that enters this nation is screened for radiation and potential weapons of mass destruction.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|By means of positive imaginations, leaders bring the future to the present so that they can work on it before setting off to enter it.
Eiji Yoshikawa, Taiko: An Epic Novel of War and Glory in Feudal Japan|It's interesting, isn't it? Being in the world.
John Van Dyke|Much as I admired the elegance of physical theories, which at that time geology wholly lacked, I preferred a life in the woods to one in the laboratory.
Dmitry Orlov|Up ahead stands the fun house, which you enter through a clown’s smiling mouth.“I would kill myself if I was prisoner here,” Shelby says.“No, you wouldn’t, just out of courtesy,” I say, “because your body would be trapped in there after you die, and your friends would have to watch your corpse rot.”“Hmm,” Shelby says. “Smell it too.”“Well, now we’re looking on the bright side,” Packard says.
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|It is the same in all wars; the soldiers do the fighting, the journalists do the shouting, and no true patriot ever gets near a front-line trench, except on the briefest of propaganda-tours.
Tammy Duckworth|There's no way to escape the culture that has evolved, from which we ourselves have evolved. Naturally, we stress it, break it up, reassemble it to suit our own needs. But it is there - a source of vital strength.
Charlotte Rogan, The Lifeboat|Mr Reichman was brilliant and very good at what he did, but he was still a man, and men rarely knew what decisions a woman had or hadn't made.
K.K. Allen, The Equinox|Holy sea turtles!" - Arabella Valli, The Equinox (Book Two of the Summer Solstice Series)
Lindy Zart, Safe and Sound|Jack gave her a fierce look. “Your mother gave up the best thing she had in her life. I know you miss her, I know you’re confused and have all sorts of questions for her. But you’re better than her, Lola, you’re better than all of this.  “She wronged you, not the other way around. You didn’t do anything wrong. You didn’t deserve what happened to you. She’s the one that needs to feel bad, not you.  “Sometimes there are no answers. You have to accept that. Maybe you’ll never know what you think you need to know, but do you really need to know all the details, really? You know she wasn’t there when you needed her, she still isn’t here when you need her, but look around, Lola.” Jack opened his arms wide. “You got me. You got your aunt. Jared. Sebastian. Rachel. Even Isabelle.  “You need to realize that and move on, as best you can. I had to realize that myself. When you let go of the pain and hurt and unanswered questions, Lola, then you’ll be okay. You’re safe now.” Jack pressed a kiss to her forehead. “You’re safe now. Remember that. Believe that.
Victoria Justice|Adolescence is a new birth, for the higher and more completely human traits are now born.
Emily Thorne|She was flushed and felt intoxicated with the sound of her own voice and the unaccustomed taste of candor. It muddled her like wine, or like a first breath of freedom.
Foz Meadows, An Accident of Stars|The ground keeps changing."He gave her arm a gentle pinch. "Do you still think this is a dream?""All dreams change," said Saffron. "That's how you know they're dreams.""So does reality," he replied. "That's how you know it's real.
Gerry Geek|Any idiot can point out a problem. So, bosses do.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I am what I am, an’ I’m not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,’ my ol’ dad used ter say, ‘there’s some who’ll hold it against you, but they’re not worth botherin’ with.
Shvaugn Craig, The Suicide Garden and Other Stories|I could never really manage to tell reality and my dream world apart, for the two of them co-existed together as they slid over top of each other.
Evy Michaels|Reach deep within, and reconnect with the essence of your being.
David Wishengrad|The capacity to do something horrible to someone who doesn't deserve it is there in everyone, human or hybrid. Being human doesn't make you any less likely to kill someone; being hybrid any more.
James Clarke, Every-Day Religion|The unified field theory that ties together Jobs personality and products begins with his most salient trait: his intensity. His silences could be as searing as his rants; he had taught himself to stare without blinking. Sometimes this intensity was charming, in a geeky way, such as when he was explaining the profundity of Bob Dylan's music or why whatever product he was unveiling at that moment was the most amazing thing that Apple had ever made. At other times it could be terrifying, such as when he was fulminating about Google or Microsoft ripping of Apple.
Becky Cooper, Mapping Manhattan: A Love (And Sometimes Hate) Story in Maps by 75 New Yorkers|What kind of songs do you like? she asked."The ones that remind me of you," I said.
Cassandra Clare|Tessa had lain down beside him and slid her arm beneath his head, and put her head on his chest,listening to the ever-weakening beat of his heart. And in the shadows they'd whispered, reminding each other of the stories only they knew. Of the girl who had hit over the head with a water jug the boy who had come to rescue her, and how he had fallen in love with her in that instant. Of a ballroom and a balcony and the moon sailing like a ship untethered through the sky. Of the flutter of the wings of the clockwork Angel. Of holy water and blood.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Our Blessed Lord left the world without leaving any written message. His doctrine was Himself. Ideal and History were identified in Him. The truth that all other ethical teachers proclaimed, and the light that they gave to the world, was not IN them, but OUTSIDE them. Our Divine Lord, however, identified Divine Wisdom with Himself. It was the first time in history that it was ever done, and it has never been done since.
Michael E. Mann|Why not put a tax on carbon emissions. It would raise a lot of money, it would reduce the environmental damages in the future, it would solve so many problems, and it would be a much more constructive thing to do than to think about raising the income tax.
Sai Marie Johnson|At the moment when the road looks the harshest, and you think you cannot continue on that is when you relearn your first mode of transportation; you crawl. You dig your fingers into the dirt, and propel yourself forward with your toes, but you never give up. You've gotta learn to bend with the sway. You never know what is around the next curve.
Nikki Rowe|Don't force it, if there isn't flow let it go.
Eli Of Kittim, The Little Book of Revelation: The First Coming of Jesus at the End of Days|What is the difference between my view and the classical Christian perspective? I am convinced that there are not multiple comings and multiple returns of Christ, but only one decisive coming at the end of the world, which includes the resurrection, the rapture, and his appearance in the sky!
Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three|I can't make sense out of that girl," he said to the bard, "Can you?" "Never mind," Fflewddur said, "We aren't really expected to.
David Bowie|I'm very at ease, and I like it. I never thought I would be such a family-oriented guy; I didn't think that was part of my makeup. But somebody said that as you get older you become the person you always should have been, and I feel that's happening to me. I'm rather surprised at who I am, because I'm actually like my dad!
Edward Kamau Brathwaite, The Arrivants: A New World Trilogy|...it is not enough to be freeof the whips, principalities and powers
Anthony T. Hincks|Not all dreams are possible or realistic. When this happens you have to bade them farewell. This isn't failure, but it's a sign of maturity and learning on your part. All you need to do is rethink what you wanted to do, in the first place,and see what you can change.Then that is called determination and that, will lead to you having success.
Agatha Christie, The Big Four|He dragged me back - just in time. A tree had crashed down on to the side walk, just missing us. Poirot stared at it, pale and upset. "It was a near thing that! But clumsy, all the same - for I had no suspicion - at least hardly any suspicion. Yes, but for my quick eyes, the eyes of a cat, Hercule Poirot might now be crushed out of existence - a terrible calamity for the world. And you, too, mon ami - though that would not be such a national catastrophe." "Thank you," I said coldly.
Mia Sheridan, Archer's Voice|Once, there were no predators, no prey. Only harmony. There were no quakes, no storms, everything in balance. In the beginning, time was all at once and forever — no past, present, and future, no death. We broke it all.
Eric Stanley, Captive Genders: Trans Embodiment and the Prison Industrial Complex|This extraordinary tale of madness, leading up to Stephen being sectioned off to the lunatic asylum at Broadmoor, also reveals Stephen’s eventual fight to win his freedom from the asylum, which saw his legal team mount a successful challenge against the ‘criminally insane’ label that was keeping him in Broadmoor. Moyle’s legal team successfully argued that he was either a criminal or insane, he could not be both.
R.K. Lilley, Grounded|Not gray, exactly. Right before the sun rises there's a moment when the whole sky goes this pale nothing color-not really gray but sort of, or sort of white, and I've always really liked it because it reminds me of waiting for something good to happen.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Amanda was probably in her mid-fifties, a small woman, maybe five-three on a good day. Her attitude filled the room, and she walked with a swagger that rivaled a bullfighter's. She wore a simple diamond ring on her wedding finger, though Will knew she wasn't currently married. She had no children, or perhaps she had eaten them when they were young.
Pamela Nicole|The whole of Nature is a book, the heavens a scroll; and they were intended to be used as such.
Fernweher|You’re throwing stonesacross my waterbut my inner sea stay calm,whatever happens.The peaceful sound of the moving watermakes everything fade . . .and if waves will growit will be just to wash everything away.A clean surface will rise, sand returns white.My heart is see-throughwith brand new intentions.I'm floating with no reason, and I'm so fucking good baby.And he softly whispered: Too many tides will destroy your beautybut it's not your fault, it's the moon to blame.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Look, no matter where you live, the biggest defect we human beings have is our shortsightedness. We don’t see what we could be. We should be looking at our potential, stretching ourselves into everything we can become. But if you’re surrounded by people who say ‘I want mine now,’ you end up with a few people with everything and a military to keep the poor ones from rising up and stealing it.
João Matos|Stop looking for that perfect person, look at the positive sides of who you know and you wil find unexpected perfection.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|We were never lovers, and we never will be, now. I do not regret that, however. I regret the conversations we never had, the time we did not spend together. I regret that I never told him that he made me happy, when I was in his company. The world was the better for his being in it. These things alone do I now regret: things left unsaid. And he is gone, and I am old.
RVM|Look at the people around you. Some Inspire you, some Perspire you. Be with those that build Energy in you.
George Sutherland|None of the constitutional, legal or other principles bars me from returning to the judiciary, since the judiciary remains independent if the actors remain independent and fair.
John Carpenter|Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then you'd never complete your life, would you? You'd never wholly know you.
Christie Brinkley|Sarcasm helps me overcome the harshness of the reality we live, eases the pain of scars and makes people smile.
Mark Hamill|I'm a bachelor in the old sense of the word, meaning I flirt, I have very many close relationships, but then I come home and like to read my book.
Inio Asano, A Girl on the Shore|When love becomes a play of squirming mindgames or a tinderbox of mental conflicts, emotional benchmarks need an unremitting reset. ("Another empty room")
Lloyd Alexander, The Golden Dream of Carlo Chuchio|I only suggest to you: Will you dwell on killing this man? You wish for revenge? If you do, he has already killed you by slow poison. So, let it go. Why waste your time? His life will see to his death.
W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz|Had I realized at the time that for Austerlitz certain moments had no beginning or end, while on the other hand his whole life had sometimes seemed to him a blank point without duration, I would probably have waited more patiently.
Logan Keys|Where there is light, there is a way out of the darkness
Chris Dee, Cat-Tales Book 3|What is all this? Get him out of here, devil take me!” And that one, imagine, smiles and says: “Devil take you? That, in fact, can be done!” And—bang!
Jiddu Krishnamurti|The pearls weren't really white, they were a warm oyster beige, with little knots in between so if they broke, you only lost one. I wished my life could be like that, knotted up so that even if something broke, the whole thing wouldn't come apart.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|If rejections were cash, I'd be rich
Jill Shalvis, The Sweetest Thing|It’s frustrating when you know all the answers, but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.
Bat for Lashes|No man likes to have his intelligence or good faith questioned, especially if he has doubts about it himself.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|In those days, there was no money to buy books.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Why waste time for a love partner, while you've already wasted a lot of time for your self.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Kevin watched the water move down the creek. He didn’t know where it was going but he assumed that it was to a lake. It seemed to be in a hurry, so he hoped that it would get there soon.
David Levithan, Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List|Freedom is not merely the opportunity to do as one pleases; neither is it merely the opportunity to choose between set alternatives. Freedom is, first of all, the chance to formulate the available choices, to argue over them -- and then, the opportunity to choose.
Sophie Hannah, Kind of Cruel|That's not me talking, it's your inner voice. I'd attempt the accent, only I don't speak low self-esteem. It's a language I've never needed to learn.
Shannon L. Alder|Truth was never meant to make you comfortable, unless you stand in the middle of it with acceptance.
W. C. Fields|Never chase a lie. Let it alone, and it will run itself to death.
Charles R. Swindoll|Your call will become clear as as your mind is transformed by the reading of Scripture and the internal work of God's Spirit. The Lord never hides His will from us. In time, as you obey the call first to follow, your destiny will unfold before you. The difficulty will lie in keeping other concerns from diverting your attention.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Telling one lie begets another lie that begets another lie and before you know it that lie has grandkids, great grandkids and keeps growing. It’s like Lay’s Potato Chips, you can’t tell just one!
J. Michael Adams|Growing up, I knew where the world ended. I could see it, at the horizon, where the sky touched the corn. My life was bounded and known. I *knew* the edges of the world. And then I went to college.
Kim Dare, Duck!|I like the idea of you on an island...""Oh...why's that?" She's squinting up at me, her eyes brighter than the sea in the setting sun."I could keep you all to myself. You'd be trapped, only able to come and go as I please...I'd be your Caesar..."She laughs and reaches her hand out to me, "Don't you already have that power...without need of a sea?
J. Benson, Haiku to Live By: Life affirming messages, to hearten your day|Footsteps of success,   are trailed by fading footprints,     of failures past..
Don Winslow, The Force|Lamenting the vagaries of fate may leave us with a galling sense of helpless frustration, which many escape by transforming the tragedy of the human condition into the specific sins of specific societies. This turns an insoluble problem of cosmic justice into an apparently manageable issue of social justice. Since the sins of human beings are virtually inexhaustible, there is seldom a lack of examples of wrongdoing to which intergroup differences can be attributed, rightly or wrongly. Where the quest for injustice is over-riding, among the things it over-rides are logic and evidence.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, Thy Word, heals my wounds.
Shannon L. Alder|Stop expecting the world to affirm you as a person. Half of the world will like you and the other half will hate you, despite what you say or do. Christ knew this truth, but he did his life mission anyways.
E. Obeng-Amoako Edmonds|If I knew what I know today, years ago, I wouldn’t change a thing about anything. I would not have appreciated what I know today if it hadn’t been for what I didn’t know.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|Do you still believe that if you truly want something enough it can happen?" I ask. I think of all the times I wanted to stop the world from spinning, all the times I wanted to go back and start over again. All the things I've wanted to undo or take back. Did I not want them enough?
Germany Kent|If it comes, let it come. If it goes, it's ok, let it go. Let things come and go. Don't let anything disturb your peace. Stay calm and carry on.
Thich Nhat Hanh|First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
Manhardeep Singh Ahluwalia|To be successful, you need to do two things:1. Condition your hair,2. Do the same with your mind.
Garrett McCoy|Try to act like a human, if you're not a one yet
Cleveland Amory|"So you want to become my son-in-law." "Not exactly. I just want to marry your daughter."
James Hudson Taylor|Depend on it. God's work done in God's way will never lack God's supply. He is too wise a God to frustrate His purposes for lack of funds, and He can just as easily supply them ahead of time as afterwards, and He much prefers doing so.
Rebecca Aguilar|Cometh the hour, cometh the man.
Rousseau Jean-Jacques 1712-1778|The body should be strong enough to obey the mind; a good servant must be strong. I know that intemperance stimulates the passions; in course of time it also destroys the body; fasting and penance often produce the same results in an opposite way. The weaker the body, the more imperious its demands; the stronger it is, the better it obeys. All sensual passions find their home in effeminate bodies; the less satisfaction they can get the keener their sting.
Michael Gold|Like Solon, Plato intended to write a long fable about legendary Atlantis; like Solon, he never did write it. Yet there existed beyond the Atlantic an unvisited land, after all, and it is more strange than any of Plato's myths that Plato's apprehension of order and justice should be a living influence among the people of that land, twenty-four centuries after the mystical philosopher's soul departed from Athens.
Graham Cooke, Developing Your Prophetic Gifting|There is some prophecy, however, that is unconditional. It depends solely on God himself for fulfillment. Normally it relates to the overview of his plans and purposes for mankind as a whole.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Conflicting egos destroy many relationships. Lasting, stable marriages are a true treasure because they demand that both parties adjust to the constant cellular flux of their partner as they metaphase through changing seasons of life.
Stephan Pastis|She took a moment to lament her lack of parasol. Every time she left the house, she felt keenly the absence of her heretofore ubiquitous accessory.
Sarah Ockler, The Summer of Chasing Mermaids|So many amazing opportunities arise when a chapter of our life ends. When we resign from a job that we weren't happy in, or even get fired, it's actually a blessing because a better experience is waiting to happen. It's all about perspective.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|Maybe we are less than our dreams, but that less would make us more than some gods would dream of.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|In my view, nineteen pounds of old books are at least nineteen times as delicious as one pound of fresh caviar.
Michael Schiavo|Government health care changes the relationship between the citizen and the state, and, in fact, I think it's an assault on citizenship.
Auliq Ice|As Edison is credited with saying, "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." We all want to be successful, but most of us aren't willing to do what those who are successful did to attain it. We want success without sacrifice, but you can't have one without the other!
Stan The Man SA|She made him feel guilty at times. The problem was that she was so honest herself, almost transparent. It seemed criminal to be deceiving her.
Philip Pullman, His Dark Materials Trilogy: The Golden Compass / The Subtle Knife / The Amber Spyglass|Even the technology that promises to unite us, divides us. Each of us is now electronically connected to the globe, and yet we feel utterly alone.
Priyavrat Thareja|Decision making and problem solving are not the same. To solve a problem, one needs to find a solution. To make a decision, one needs to make a choice.
Aimee Mullins|At an early age, my mother gave me this feeling that anything is possible, and I believe that.
Marty Rubin|My heart is hardy, for I have suffered much on the seas and the battlefield: this will be only something more. But a ravenous belly cannot be hid, damn the thing. It gives a world of trouble to men, makes them fit out fleets of ships and scour the barren sea, to bring misery on their enemies.
Brian D. McLaren|For all our penny-wisdom,’” he said, “‘for all our soul-destroying slavery to habit, it is not to be doubted that all men have sublime thoughts.
Buzz Aldrin|My father was a tomato farmer. There is the phrase that says he or she worked their fingers to the bone, well, that's my dad. And he was a very good man.
Helen Zenna Smith, Not So Quiet...|Her soul died that night under a radiant silver moon in the spring of 1918 on the side of a blood-spattered trench. Around her lay the mangled dead and the dying. Her body was untouched, her heart beat calmly, the blood coursed as ever through her veins. But looking deep into those emotionless eyes one wondered if they had suffered much before the soul had left them. Her face held an expression of resignation, as though she had ceased to hope that the end might come.
Josephine Humphreys, Dreams of Sleep|...the child trying not to appear as a child, of the strenuousness with which she tried to present the face of a convincing adult.
Neal Shusterman, Everfound|Well, this is basically the end, so the answers should be in these next few pages. I doubt they will surprise you, but you never know. I don't know how smart or thick you are. You could be Albert Einstein for all I know, or some literary prizewinner, or maybe you're just middle of the road like me.
Deepak Chandra|Happiness & Sadness are two contemporary stages in life. A wise man overcomes sadness with his wisdom, and a foolish man faces it with tears.
Sergei Yesenin|Not sorry, not calling, not cryingAll will pass like smoke of white apple treesSeized by the gold of autumn,I will no longer be young.
Robert Fanney|You or I might think that at least one would show courage and put up a fight. But neither you nor I have suffered as they, and even we have born witness in silence to lesser ills under less dire threat. Yet, in the face of evil, to sit silent is an even greater evil. Complacency is ever the enabler of darkest deeds;
Morihei Ueshiba|Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.
Adolf von Harnack, What is Christianity?|That the earth in its course stood still; that a she-ass spoke; that a storm was quieted by a word, we do not believe, and we shall never again believe.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|In the darkest and strangest of places with the most macabre of company, this music moves her and her life pulses hard... And even for Julie's safety, I can't bring myself to smother it.
Sophia Bush|Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Various|Remember: In poetry, each word is like a loaded gun; very heavy, and full of intent
Dylan J. Manning|She recalled her father saying to her, 'My dear Anna, do not forget that a friend who is not willing to risk his very friendship for a friend is perhaps not such a good friend as he thinks he is.
Arnold Bennett|So do I wish I was to be king? That is not a question I ask myself. I ask myself, Would I be a good king? Would I be quick witted and generous of spirit and full of that boundless energy? Or would I be clumsy and stupid and dulled by my own prejudices? I try to be a good man, since I am alive at all, and hope that that teaches me what I would need to know if I was ever faced with a higher challenge.
Hiroko Sherwin, Eight Million Gods and Demons|He had a clear, lyrical voice and his songs remained in her ears long after the music had ended.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|Allowances can always be made for your friends to disagree with you. Disagreement, vehement disagreement, is healthy. Debate is impossible without it. Evil does not question itself, only hope questions itself. Even the incorruptible are corruptible if they cannot accept the possibility of being mistaken. Infallibility is a sin in any man. All laws can be broken and are. Often. Like when a bumblebee flies or an ancient regime is toppled.
Theodore Tilton|In life's small things be resolute and great To keep thy muscle trained  Know'st thou when Fate Thy measure takes  or when she'll say to thee  "I find thee worthy  do this deed for me?"
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|... the invention of the mechanical clock in medieval Europe. This was one of the great inventions in this history of mankind -- not in a class with fire and the wheel, but comparable to movable type in its revolutionary implications for cultural values, technological change, social and political organization, and personality.
Criss Jami, Healology|After each of his books, the writer, for a while, feels once again that he can now die happy.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|If anything attacked us, we could just panic at it until it went away.
Roman Payne|Spanish rain,A maiden’s dress,Apothecary pillsAnd ancient thrills;Melancholy killsA girl’s caress.(—Roman Payne; Valencia, Spain, November 2nd 2012)
Debasish Mridha|You may not be rich with money, Socrates was not, your life still has tremendous value.
Jane Austen, Emma|There are secrets in all families, you know.
Mercedes Lackey, Beauty and the Werewolf| He waits."And I think that is what I would like love to be. Leaving room for each other, knowing that not every step is going to be side by side.Giving more than taking. Waiting. Trusting,
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Love consists of a commitment which limits one's freedom - it is a giving of the self, and to give oneself means just that: to limit one's freedom on behalf of another.
Lincoln Steffens|If we would vote in mass on the more promising ticket, or, if the two are equally bad, would throw out the party that is in, and wait till the next election and then throw out the other party that is in - then, I say, the commercial politician would feel a demand for good government and he would supply it.
Dew Platt, Roma&retina|Yes, rules are made to be broken -- but ONLY if you have a damn good reason for doing it.
Walter Benjamin|Memory is not an instrument for exploring the past but its theatre. It is the medium of past experience, as the ground is the medium in which dead cities lie interred.
Melissa McPhail, Cephrael's Hand|Fill what’s empty, empty what’s full, and scratch where it itches, your Grace. That’s my motto.
John Mark Green|They courted the face on the screen, the face of translucence, the face of wax on which men found it possible to imprint the image of their fantasy.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|There was a listlessness in his gait, as if he saw no reason for taking one step further, nor felt any desire to do so, but would have been glad, could he be glad of anything, to fling himself down at the root of the nearest tree, and lie there passive for evermore. The leaves might bestrew him, and the soil gradually accumulate and form a little hillock over his frame, no matter whether there were life in it or no. Death was too definite an object to be wished for or avoided.
Debasish Mridha|At the end of my life I want to say, “I lived every moment of it.
Magenta Periwinkle, Cutting Class|Could a scar be like the rings of a tree, reopened with each emotional season?
Winston Graham, Jeremy Poldark|... plunged into chance,--that is to say, swallowed up in Providence
Nicholas Sparks, A Bend in the Road|Alone in my chamber, I fairly trembled with excitement. How could it be that I, who had never been kissed before, had kissed the Prince of Denmark himself, not once but many times? Did he really speak to me of love? It was beyond belief that I, humble Ophelia, should be wooed by Prince Hamlet. Surely I had imagined it.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|Were genuine aliens to find us… the chances were fairly good they would appear in a form beyond reckoning, shaped by the requirements of their environment. It was only for the convenience of the costume department of Star Trek that people believed in humanoid aliens.
Amit Kalantri|Don't behave like your heart and mind are strangers to you; they are yours, don't depend on others to understand them, you got to understand them.
Ahmed Zewail|Before we understand science, it is natural to believe that God created the universe.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|Lack of sound mind and judgement – the ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions, is a matter of frustration and disillusionment to God
Hiromu Arakawa, Fullmetal Alchemist, Vol. 18|And now, born from the ashes, she’s a warrior in bloodied black.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|She was at that crucial age when a women begins to regret having stayed faithful to a husband she never really loved, when the glowing sunset colors of her beauty offer her one last, urgent choice between maternal and feminine love. At such a moment a life that seemed to have chosen its course long ago is questioned once again, for the last time the magic compass needle of the will hovers between final resignation and the hope of erotic experience.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Isabelle snorted. 'All the boys are gay. In this truck, anyway. Well, not you, Simon.''You noticed' said Simon.'I think of myself as a freewheeling bisexual,' added Magnus.'Please never say those words in front of my parents,' said Alec. 'Especially my father.''I thought your parents were okay with you, you know, coming out,' Simon said, leaning around Isabelle to look at Alec, who was — as he often was — scowling, and pushing his floppy dark hair out of his eyes. Aside from the occasional exchange, Simon had never talked to Alec much. He wasn’t an easy person to get to know. But, Simon admitted to himself, his own recent estrangement from his mother made him more curious about Alec’s answer than he would have been otherwise.'My mother seems to have accepted it,' Alec said. 'But my father — no, not really. Once he asked me what I thought had turned me gay.'Simon felt Isabelle tense next to him. 'Turned you gay?' She sounded incredulous. 'Alec, you didn’t tell me that.''I hope you told him you were bitten by a gay spider,' said Simon.Magnus snorted; Isabelle looked confused. 'I’ve read Magnus’s stash of comics,' said Alec, 'so I actually know what you’re talking about' A small smile played around his mouth. 'So would that give me the proportional gayness of a spider?''Only if it was a really gay spider,' said Magnus, and he yelled as Alec punched him in the arm. 'Ow, okay, never mind.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|If you wake up today, it's on purpose, it's a gift.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Fooled by Randomness: The Hidden Role of Chance in Life and in the Markets|There is a saying that bad traders divorce their spouse sooner than abandon their positions. Loyalty to ideas is not a good thing for traders, scientists - or anyone.
Alice Hoffman, The Ice Queen|I put my pen to the paper and began to write. I’d made so many wishes for so many couples quietly in my head as they drove away, but writing the words out made it seem more real, possible. For them, and maybe for me.FOR YOU, I WISH FOR SECOND CHANCES.I folded it shut, then put it on the wall before I could change my mind, right above Jilly’s. As Michael Salem called out to her and she started his way, I crossed the backyard, moving toward the music. When I looked back at the wish wall from a distance, it was a sea of squares: I couldn’t even find mine among them. So many things we ask for, hope for, prayers put out into a world so wide: there was no way they could all be answered. But you had to keep asking. If you didn’t, nothing even had a chance of coming true.
Peter O'Toole|I've never looked for women. When I was a teenager, perhaps. But they are looking for us, and we [men] must learn that very quickly. They decide. We just turn up. Never mind the superficialities – tall and handsome and all that. Just turn up
Ruth Reichl|Sure, I like ice cream, but when you keep a healthy lifestyle, it's: Do you prefer sweets and crappy food, or do you prefer to have a nice body? It depends on what you want more.
Carmela Dutra|Life is like a book written with lots of surprises,Spell it wrongly and you'll be spilled otherwise.
Robert Popple|The myth of self-sufficiency demands optimism without end, downplays life’s challenges, and shames us when, inevitably, we fall short.
Friedrich A. Hayek|To act on the belief that we possess the knowledge and the power which enable us to shape the processes of society entirely to our liking, knowledge which in fact we do not possess, is likely to make us do much harm.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I don't want to be married anymore. In daylight hours, I refused that thought, but at night it would consume me. What a catastrophe. How could I be such a criminal jerk as to proceed this deep into a marriage, only to leave it? We'd only just bought this house a year ago. Hadn't I wanted this nice house? Hadn't I loved it? So why was I haunting its halls every night now, howling like Medea? Wasn't I proud of all we'd accumulated—the prestigious home in the Hudson Valley, the apartment in Manhattan, the eight phone lines, the friends and the picnics and the parties, the weekends spent roaming the aisles of some box-shaped superstore of our choice, buying ever some appliances on credit? I had actively participated in every moment of the creation of this life—so why did I feel like none of it resembled me? Why did I feel so overwhelmed with duty, tired of being the primary breadwinner and the housekeeper and the social coordinator and the dog-walker and the wife and the soon-to-be mother, and—somewhere in my stolen moments—a writer...? I don't want to be married anymore.
Muhammad Iqbal, The Reconstruction Of Religious Thought In Islam|Break an Illusion, and you open the eyes of the intelligent.
Jodi Meadows, Incarnate|My name might be similar, but I'd never say 'Laters, baby.
Maureen Hawkins|Before you were conceived, I wanted you. Before you were born, I loved you. Before you were an hour, I would die for you. This is the miracle of love.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|Everything about the house was rich, and dense, and rooted. It was everything I wasn’t. Even the air, with its distinct smell of oak wood and sage, spoke to its identify and its history. I couldn’t help but feel small here. Overwhelmed. Incompatible.
Robert Frost|And lonely as it is that lonelinessWill be more lonely ere it will be less--A blanker whiteness of benighted snowWith no expression, nothing to express.They cannot scare me with their empty spacesBetween stars--on stars where no human race is.I have it in me so much nearer homeTo scare myself with my own desert places.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|No more shooting from anyone. Or I am going to get seriously cranky with everyone. Suddenly, and violently and all over the place.
Stanley Kubrick|I feel like skateboarding is as much of a sport as a lifestyle, and an art form, so there's so much that that transcends in terms of music, fashion, and entertainment.
Robert M. Drake|Maybe one day we’ll find that place, where you and I could be together and we’ll catch our dreams within the waves of change. So hear me, you are not alone.
Dave Zeltserman, Pariah|It's time to end the brain drain and move to brain gain. It's time for a great mind of Nigeria to return home. You're the mind we need, Doctor.
Aleksej Metelko, Intuition Quotes and Reflections: World`s Largest Treasury of Intuition Sayings|Learn to hear your inner voice, be led by your heart and never stop giving back – this way you shall always walk the right path and shall never be walking alone.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|A leader is one who chooses the interest of his followers over his personal ignominy. He can beg, steal and even snatch for the followers. He suffers individual loss for the sake of the gain of his followers. That makes him a leader whom people follow because they themselves do not have the courage to do so. People do not mind if someone else does all the dirty jobs for them while they can enjoy the fruits without getting their own hands dirty.
Mary Buchan, Over iT|I wish to be with you forever, to look upon your face always, to never leave your side.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|The rain landed on my skin with a barely audible patter and changed the tempo of its repetitive dance, letting the wind change its course and angle. The cold soon seeped through my dress and into my bones. An iris from my garland fell in my lap.
André Louf, Teach Us to Pray|Prayer is the superabundance of the heart. It is brim-full and running over with love and praise, as once it was with Mary, when the Word took root in her body. So too, our heart breaks out into a Magnificat. Now the Word has achieved its 'glorious course' (2 Thess. 3:1): it has gone out from God and been sown in the good soil of the heart. Having now been chewed over and assimilated, it is regenerated in the heart, to the praise of God. It has taken root in us and is now bearing its fruit: we in our turn utter the Word and send it back to God. We have become Word; we are prayer.
John Harvey Kellogg|I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home.
Agatha Christie, The Moving Finger|beauty such as theirs was something with which one lived joyously — racing with the wind, with storm and snow, dancing in the frost or among the golden wattles, galloping, galloping in the spring sun. Life might be dangerous, with beauty that was so difficult to hide, but life was always and ever had been very, very good
Janet Kaplan|Traveling together into what the poet Adrienne Rich has called ‘the cratered night of female memory,’ they undertook a shared process of self-discovery, working together to probe the possibility of woman’s creative power. Through their exploration of hermetic and magical paths, they developed a common pictorial language, derived from the realms of domestic life, the fairy tale and the dream.
Neville Chamberlain|The negative effects of combat were nightmares, and I'd get jumpy around certain noises and stuff, but you'd have that after a car accident or a bad divorce. Life's filled with trauma. You don't need to go to war to find it; it's going to find you. We all deal with it, and the effects go away after awhile. At least they did for me.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, The World of Perception|Humanity is not an aggregate of individuals, a community of thinkers, each of whom is guaranteed from the outset to be able to reach agreement with the others because all participate in the same thinking essence. Nor, of course, is it a single Being in which the multiplicity of individuals are dissolved and into which these individuals are destined to be reabsorbed. As a matter of principle, humanity is precarious: each person can only believe what he recognizes to be true internally and, at the same time, nobody thinks or makes up his mind without already being caught up in certain relationships with others, which leads him to opt for a particular set of opinions. Everyone is alone and yet nobody can do without other people, not just because they are useful (which is not in dispute here) but also when it comes to happiness.
Jacques Barzun|Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition.
Maria Shriver|...moms, even good ones, sometimes lose it a little so as not to lose it all.
Anna McPartlin, Apart From The Crowd|You selfish bitch!"She had known for a long time that putting her needs above those of Adam's wife and children was indeed selfish. She had no real answer to the accusation thrown at her."I'm sorry" she said, with her head in her hands."you're sorry?" came her adversary's disbelieving reply."I am. I'm sorry he married you when he was in love with me. I'm sorry I couldn't have loved someone else. I'm sorry your marriage is a joke and I'm sorry that I'm alone. I'm sorry for a lot of things - for you, for your kids, for me and for him. I spend most of my time being sorry."For a moment there was silence at the end of the line."all you had to do was stay away""if only I could have." tears escaped and raced down her cheeks."I hate you!
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|—No te disculpes por besarme —me ruboricé enseguida—. Hay un millón de cosas malas que requieren una disculpa, pero un beso no es una de ellas. Nunca un beso puede ser una herida, un beso dice más que un montón de palabras. Y parece que lo que querías decirme no encajaba en ninguna frase, no te preocupes, entendí todo lo que tus labios le dijeron a los míos.
